
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Live from Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by number one bestselling author, an all around good guy, Dr. John Delony, taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money, and try to help you take the right next step. Jason's gonna kick us off in Cincinnati. Jason, How can we help? Yeah, so my mother was advised by a lawyer to stop paying some of her debts. My adult sister moved in with her about three years ago and they've kind of accumulated since then, a decent amount of, of debt and a lot of it is in my mother's name.


And a lawyer told her just to stop making payments on it and just let it go. Why was she working with a lawyer? I don't, I don't necessarily know that she was working with a lawyer. I think she just called a lawyer to ask for advice and the lawyer, No lawyer would do that. Stopped making payments. Yeah, I, that's, that's kind of what I felt that that Didn pass my smell test With You guys. I would question who she got in contact with and what their actual credentials are. But yeah, this sounds like a debt relief company. That's the only people who would tell you, Hey, stop paying on your debt. Give me the payment instead and we'll, we'll resolve this on the backend when you tank your financial life and we'll try to settle it. Was that the intention you think?


No, I don't think so because they didn't, they didn't follow it up with anything like that. I mean, like, that's why I told her I was like, I said, mom, it just sounds to me like they, they just didn't want the business and just was a quick way for them to get off the call, in my opinion. Yeah, but they won't Give you, they Didn't have any other, they Won't give you legal advice to just get off the phone like that. Like they, they've got a, they've got a fiduciary interest, a licensed attorney to do what's best for you and that's why they're not just gonna rip off like, yeah, quit paying it. We'll talk to you later. They're just not gonna do that because it may put your mom in a situation like she's in now, which is pretty dire. Yeah. How bad is the debt?


I would say probably all in off it's about 30,000. Okay. And then your, what is your sister's involvement in all of this? So she, she was recently divorced, kind of really left in a, in not such a great place. And she's had several different jobs, some that were high paying, some that were not. She's in one right now that's not very high paying. She's making probably about 16, $18 an hour and it just kind of keeps 'em afloat with my mom's social security. And my mom also has a small pension from when she was employed earlier in her life. Okay. And then what's your involvement in all of this? I don't, don't. Why are you calling today? More just out of concern for them. I didn't know if that, I, I didn't know if just not paying the debt, you know, was, could come back on my sister since she lives with her or any of it.


Because that's what my mom's under the impression that she just stops paying it when she dies. It all goes away. And it was kind of, I don't know, I just, it didn't sit right with me. 'cause I listened to you guys all the time on my way home from work and I don't know, it just, it didn't sound like sound advice to me. I would agree. Ignoring your debt and saying, well, I'll just die with it. That's a terrible financial plan and I can't speak to all of the ramifications of, you know, if it's an unsecured debt, they might write it off. When you send a debt certificate, if it's a secured debt, it's gonna get paid from the estate. So any assets she has will be used to pay it off. And so I'm not sure how all that's gonna shake down. Is your mother in good health? Is she able to work?


She's in decent health. She, you know, and when she retired she was working from home, so I don't necessarily know that. I, I don't think she's opposed to that and I think she's actually looking into it, but I think she, she, you know, she's in her mid seventies, so she's kind of like, I don't think she wants to have to go back to work, but I think that's just kind of where she's at right now to where, you know, she's just trying to figure out what she has to do. Was she unable to pay all of her bills, including her minimum debt payments? So I mean, like when she was on her own? No, she had no problem. So I mean, now that she has my adult sister living with her and they make $16 an hour and she's, you know, they probably don't live on the, the tightest of budgets.


No, they don't. But Why did, why did your sister moving in at all of these extra expenses to where now your mom can't stay afloat? Yeah, I, that's a great question. I think it's, I think it's their living habits really. It's, it's eating out quite a bit. It's DoorDash being delivered to the house and I, I think they are trying to clean a lot of that up, but I think now it's, it's more so I Have not once tried to clean a mess and said, you know what, let's just DoorDash tonight, we've worked hard. Yeah. So I, I think you're the concerned brother watching your family drown and you want to give them a life draft and there's nothing you can do. Yeah. You can give them all the solutions. I don't think they want to hear it from you.


Do they, have you tried to talk to them? I have, yeah. I've had more so my mom, because my sister doesn't want to, it's, it's not always easy to Talk, not a great relationship about it, but Yeah, it's not, it's not stellar. Yeah. And how much debt does your sister have? Do you know? Oh, I couldn't even begin to tell you. I know she has student loans and student loans and a loan against a trust that my family left for us. So, oh man, I, I couldn't, I couldn't tell you exactly what it is, but I know it's, it's gotta be close to a hundred thousand. Yikes. And that's a guess, that's a complete guess to be honest with, you Know, that. And do you know your mother's income?


I wanna say my mom brings about maybe 1500 a month from her. Her pension and social security Combined Roughly? I, I think. I think, yeah. Wow. Yeah. There's no way they're even staying in this house. Is it, is the house paid for? Are they renting? The house is paid for by the, my family who left it in a trust to them. The only thing that they have to pay for for the house is $400 a month for the, for the HOA fees. I'm not sure they can even afford that. They, they don't. Plus insurance and taxes, They're Struggling and eating, They're struggling to Correct. And car insurance that as well. I mean, I don't see, I don't see a way out unless we increase the income and I don't know, I, I don't know how mom's gonna survive with or without your sister living there.


It's clearly not helping to have your sister there. But even if your sister left, I don't see a world where mom pays off 30,000 in debt making 1500 bucks a month. Barely making it. Yes. Well they listened to You. Yeah, that's what I, If you went and sat down with them and said, Hey, I, I want to get a a, an honest true. What is reality picture financially? I want y'all to both pull your credit reports. Will they, will, will they hear you on that? Are they drowning enough to where they're willing to accept help? Or are you just concerned and they don't really care what you, what you have to say? I mean, I think they would listen to me. My only concern is that with my mom getting this advice from this lawyer, I think that she's just kind of like, she sees that as easy street.


It's like, oh nice. That's the solution. Just stop paying it. Yeah. You, I hard, I don't dunno who gave her that. I, if, if a licensed attorney answered the phone and just said, yes ma'am, I'm not gonna take your case, but just paye, your just quit paying and went on. Or if she's got a friend who's a licensed attorney, like at her church who said, ah, yeah, just quit paying. That person should lose their license. Yeah. If she sat down and hired a lawyer who went through everything and found some reason why she didn't have to pay, that's another story. But that doesn't sound like the case here. No, no. Yeah. That's definitely not the case. Has Collectors started coming after her? Yeah, she definitely didn't hire, not that I'm aware of, but I can't imagine it wouldn't. I mean, it's Probably coming soon. Think it wouldn't be pretty soon. Probably followed by lawsuits.


Yeah. She's not just gonna bury her head in the sand and have this go away. So there's gonna be some hard conversations, some major lifestyle changes. Everyone's gonna have to get to work and I don't want you to enable it. It doesn't sound like you're trying to do that. You're not trying to just fund their life. But there's gonna have to be a conversation about what the next year looks like, five years, 10 years. Otherwise you're gonna be left with a mess and have to just wash your hands of it and go, you guys do what you want to do. You have to sell this house and pay off all this debt house Is just gonna get sold. Find somewhere to rent. Sister's gotta go make some real money. Mom might have to work part-time, man. I'm so sorry you're dealing with this. It's a series and pattern of terrible financial decisions over a long period of time.


That's a hard knot to undo my friend. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work if you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. Give us a call. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Kelly's up next in Salt Lake City. Kelly, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. How can John and I help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. My husband and I started a business started here just the end of last year and we are making pretty good money, but it's not quite enough to make ends meet. And at this point we've put pretty much everything we have into it and it, it has the potential but we're just trying to figure out some more ways to bring money into the business to try to increase that, to make ends meet. What kind of business? It's an indoor baseball training facility.


Okay. And how, you said you've sunk everything into it. What does that mean? Pretty much we started completely debt free. We pulled an SBA loan, ended up being about 3 25. We put, we had a very large chunk of money in the bank when we started. Part of that was going towards our securities deposit. The other we kept was about 40,000 in the bank. Now we are to the point where we have about 30,000 in credit card debts. We've used my husband's husband's 401k and our entire savings is put into it as well. There were some factors that came up that we weren't really expecting for and, and that money ended up going towards the business. So Was the business ever profitable to where you weren't needing to go into debt for it?


Well, I mean, well we're not really behind yet on the business. I mean we, the money that we spent on credit cards and stuff was actually to get the business open and started. We've brought in about 52,000 since we opened December, like mid-December. So it's making money, but I mean, our lease payment's 30,000 a month, so we're not making enough. Yeah, You're not making money. Dang. What's your, what your lease payment is? 30 grand. Yeah. What is your 33,000 Square feet? What's your facility? What's your debt overhead? What have y'all, what have y'all taken now? Well we, Well we don't really have, I mean the business essentially runs itself and we don't have hardly any overhead.


Like our utility bill is about the highest we pay All. Well, your debt payments are your big, That's your debt payment. You said 3 25 on an SBA loan? We actually haven't started, they gave us a six month drop period. So we haven't actually started paying that payment yet. We've been paying the interest on it, which has been about, I think about 2,500. The last one I think come in, give or take, I'm expecting those to increase. Now obviously since we have used the funds from the loan, so that drop period closes and then we should start seeing the first payment come through. But you, you don't know what the payment's gonna be? No, well we, we do and we don't because when we, when we talk to them, basically they told us it's been, it's been a rough go with them, but basically they told us we have a six month drop period, we only pay interest until then.


Obviously the interest will increase every month as we're spending more, you know, us utilizing those funds from the bank. So is this like a line of credit from the bank up to 3 25? No, it was an actual loan. A lump sum loan. Okay. Yeah. And what else? You said you maxed your credit cards out. How bad is that? About 30,000 we had, I mean, well two of those are personal cards and one is a business card, but all that went towards the business. We started with nothing on those cards. And when did you start this business? December the 10th Of like, we're talking a few months ago. Yes. And so far it's making what, 15 KA month?


Last month? I believe we brought in about 18,000 a month prior. About 16. And and our first month was a bigger month coming in. But Your lease is $30,000. Correct. So you're bleeding money every month. Correct. And we're waiting on our realtor actually hopefully today to give us some information on having a tenant come in to part of that space to sublease it out, which we're hoping will Help. Yeah, but you're not gonna, you're not gonna get 50% right? You need this thing to be making 75 to a hundred thousand, A hundred grand. Well we we're not actually paying ourselves out from the business and we don't really have any overhead. So if we can, if we can make, that's the Scary part. How are you guys living? Yeah, How do you eat?


Well, well, So you're working for free while going hundreds of thousands of dollars into debt. Yeah, So we were both working right up until we opened the business. I am currently in an I-O-P-O-C-D treatment program, so I have a couple more weeks of that before I can go back to work. My husband is, I think he's doing interviews today actually to take on remote work from our business. While he does that. At the same time, we need to be making about, I mean we can make ends meet and actually profit on about 45,000 a month. There's no way because we Don't, we don't have, I mean because we don't have any What about your insurance? You have to be insured in case a kid gets hit by a, by a ball or turns his ankle and sues you for the whole thing.


Yeah. What's your insurance? Our insurance is about 2000 a month I believe. We had to have general and then we had to have workers' comp as well, even though we don't actually have any employees, but Okay, so you are, you'll never gonna take a vacation At this point? No. I mean that was the goal. But yeah, at this point we, our, our intentions were to pay ourselves out obviously from the business and that didn't work out. And so we've kind of burned through savings up to this point. Both being there all day every day trying to make that successful. And to the point now that we're gonna have to go back to work and, and do both at the same time. Have you have, have you sat down if you haven't please. Like, anytime somebody's in this level of stress, whether it's in their marriage with their, with a new business, there has to be a moment in this chaos when everybody exhales and you and your husband get a whiteboard and you write down that whiteboard every single person you owe.


And then you also on that whiteboard write down every single dollar it costs to run this thing every month. Because right now y'all are robbing Peter to pay Paul, you got money coming in one way. Some of this is borrowed, you got a credit card over here. It's just feels like it's everywhere. I I don't think, yeah, I don't know if you can, you can't see me and George, I don't think you understand how bad this is. Yeah, it's, we're we're pretty scared and we, I mean we don't, it's kind of hard because there's certain bills that we know are coming that we don't know what they are 'cause we haven't seen them yet. Like our, our utility bill, we're estimating probably about 5,000, but we haven't actually seen it yet because our building in the split space, so the other side doesn't have a tenant yet.


So the landlord didn't actually even split the utilities until not even 30 days ago. So we don't even know what that, I can need to talk to the landlord and explain what's going on and see how quickly you can get out of this lease. 'cause it's gonna continue to bleed money for the foreseeable future. I mean, how, how are, you're talking about getting a hundred percent more business. How do you, how do you expect to go about doing that? Do you even have enough little league and high school and and college players to utilize your facility? We do actually. Yeah. It's, it's kind of a huge market for it here. And when we started the business, there was nothing. I mean, there was nothing within 30 minutes of us. And we've had a lot of people coming in at least, I mean, for weather permitting, obviously that changes things.


But I do, just with the potential that I've seen and that I feel like there's a way to do it. There's gotta be another way I can bring some more money into it. I'm just kind of stumped as to how, but Lemme tell you this, you have to get to a point where your feelings are very important, but you have to get to a point where you're, you're, you're trafficking only in math, Right? 'cause if you feel, you should know how many little league teams are actually fielded in a 30 minute radius of your house. If you haven't already, you should be knocking on the coaches' doors of the middle school teams, the high school teams, the junior college teams, university teams giving them special deals going 24 7. I mean, if you're not knocking on every single door of every coach over and over and giving them coupons and I mean, that's the only way you can survive.


And if you haven't done that yeah. Then maybe you've got a shot. But the fact that you don't know, I mean, you, you guys are just like, no, it's a big market. Like, man, you need to know how how many literal league players are in your area, right? Yeah. When we did our projections for the business, in order to qualify for the SB loan, we had to have an entire, I mean, I had to have stacks of paperwork detailing exactly what's in our area. Exactly how many kids, exactly how many teams. I don't have it sitting in front of me right now, but we do have all that detailed out. My husband's been coaching for years, So we actually has a lot of personal relationships with high schools that, you know, the leagues, everything. So he's, he's reaching out to all those people as well. Okay. But here's the thing, if he is, there may become a moment that y'all realize you're over your head and it's not gonna work.


My hope here is that there's a hundred percent more people that y'all haven't reached out to yet. Right? Then you've got A shot. So if, If there's not, what, what does that look like as far as exiting a business is not profitable. You need to sell all the assets you can on the equipment, get out of the lease with as little damage as possible, and then go get full-time jobs both making six figures and clean up the debt of the failed business. Yeah. And maybe, maybe reach out to softball teams too. And so you have softball, like if there's an equally large softball market in your area too, maybe that's a chance. But yeah, otherwise you're selling assets and you're just gonna go beg to the owner of this building. Hopefully your lease isn't a five year lease or something.


But yeah, this isn't a really gnarly way. Y'all need to sit down with a whiteboard and be very honest about how much you owe.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news knock box, that's NOK box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well-organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony and we have a special guest for this segment on the debt-free stage. We have Jawanda. How are you doing? I'm doing pretty good. Thanks for coming to celebrate with us for a debt-free scream. My pleasure. Where are you from? Really excited to be here from Philadelphia where You were born and raised. Can we say that with the playground, you spent most of your days, You could say Yes. Awesome. She hates you now, but you can say it, John. That's fantastic. I love it. Okay. How much debt did you pay off? $86,613. Woo. Wow. And how long did that take? About 48 months. Wow. And what was your range of income during that time? Started Around 70, up to about 84.


Awesome. And what do you do for work? I'm a construction manager. I work for general contractor. Awesome. And just help with our teams there and we build multifamily projects. Very cool. And what was this? 86,000 in debt. So 14,000 was a car loan, 4,000 was unemployment repayment. Oh. Which was interesting and unexpected. Another unexpected thing was 4,000 of local taxes, like city taxes that wasn't coming out of my checks and I had to pay it back. Like some back taxes. Yeah. That wasn't fun.


And 63,000, about 64,000 was student loans. Woo. Tell me about this repaying unemployment. I've never heard that. So in 2020 I wasn't working like most people when I filed for unemployment. And, and I didn't think that I applied, but a few people encouraged me to follow and I did. And they said, Hey, we'll send you this much money every month. And then about 16 months later, they sent me an email and said, Hey, all that money we gave you, you actually weren't eligible for it. We need you to pay it back. Oh, Wow. So very unexpected, but fortunately I didn't take a lot and I got it paid off pretty quickly. Wow. And what were the student loans about? What'd you, what was the degree?


So I got a bachelor's in Urban Planning and a master's in Construction management. Awesome. And you're putting it to good use now? I am. Woo. Okay. So 48 months, you ago you looked down and you're like, okay, I owe a car lender some money. I owe the government a bunch of money. I got the student loan over here. What made you get on this RAMSEY plan and go, I'm gonna clean this up fast. So I actually took Financial Peace University when I started grad school in 2013. Wow. And I got rid of all of my credit cards, closed those out and was like, okay, the college loans when I graduate, I'll deal with them then. So I started off well, but I got distracted just trying to do other things or trying to figure out another way to get outta debt.


And then four years ago I was like, you know what, it's just gonna take the time that it takes. And I just decided to get after it. I got an accountability partner or a RAMSEY, I believe. Financial coach. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. And we've been meeting ever since then, twice a month. And it's, it's been really helpful to have someone to talk through financial decisions with. Wow. And so you just made a decision, there was no like rock bottom thing that happened, you just decided I'm done with this. What am I doing? I work too hard to be this broke. Okay. Hold on. I, I'm, I'm fascinated by something. One of the hardest things I like when it comes to diet, nutrition, money school, all that is to look in the mirror and say what I'm doing is not working.


Right. Right. Will you talk somebody through who's listening, who's, who's literally living in this moment. They, they've got a plan here and they're moving this over here and they're trying, like, how did you make that turn? Because that, that if, if America as a whole and as individuals could get that moment, what we're doing is not working right. We gotta do something else. Tell tell people how you came to that conclusion. Well, I was, I was really trying to do entrepreneurial things. 'cause I was like, well, if I had a side hustle, I could do this a lot faster. And it, the side hustles just weren't panning out. And I was like, you know what? I need to start saving for retirement and I wanna do that sometime in the near future. So I, I kind of kind of cut my losses and said, I guess it's just gonna be the income that I have.


And just kind of got after it and was chipping away at it. And in the past year just got really aggressive and was like, I'm just, I'm done. Mm. I don't say this lightly. You are a modern American hero. Thank You. Seriously, because you are, are you, you're, are you, you're not married just by yourself. Yep. Yep. And so you had to look, you didn't have anyone to blame inside your own house. Right. You had to look in the mirror and say, this is me. I'm gonna make a turn right now. And, and then, and then you did an even braver thing. I'm not, I haven't been able to pull this off, I'm gonna call a coach. Right. And people often say like, well, I don't wanna pay a coach when I'm in debt. But you hired a coach. Yep. They've been walking with you and it's clearly paid off for you.


Yep. And you just kept going. What lit your fire a year ago that you're said, All Right, I'm hitting the gas even harder. I think I, so I'm really adventurous and I love to travel. So I think it was just putting off travel, putting off, driving past restaurants and, but really I, I think it's, it's just been like wanting to save for retirement. Want retirement, wanting to buy a house and those things. And just feeling like I'm in delay. Like I've been so delayed and just was just ready to be done and get that part of be behind me and stop paying interest. And start earning interest. Wow. That takes a lot of emotional maturity to put down the instant gratification and go, you know what, I'm gonna make some sacrifices now so I can have the best later on.


And the, the future's looking bright for jawanda, I'll tell you that much right now. What was the hardest part of the journey for you over those four years? I think just feeling like I'm in delay. Like that I'm so far behind and I just wish that I knew when I was in college how much of an impact those college loans would have on me. Was It a lot of regret and guilt and even some shame? I don't know if I would say that. Maybe just disappointment for not paying more attention. It's like you're smarter than this. Like you're a smarter person. You're Just kind of beat yourself up a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Well here you are now. I mean, you got a lot of life ahead of you. Four years of sacrifice. Was it worth it? It was so worth it.


Yeah. How do you describe the feeling to someone who is where you were, they're sitting with a big pile of debt and now you're debt free. How would you say this is what it's going to feel like if you're willing to make that sacrifice? I would say it feels like the, like opportunities exponentially more opportunities have opened up to you and that you just have some emotional peace that like, you can't really put into words until you get here. And yeah, it just, it just feels like there's so many opportunities that I can take advantage of and, and that's really exciting. Mm. How how old are you? I'm 38. 38.


And so you've got to back two thirds of your life. We're, we're gonna, we're gonna think positively here to back two thirds of your life. What are you gonna do now that you don't owe anybody anything? So I am, I'm almost done with baby step three. I'm going to start saving for a house and, and plan to be a part of that 30% of people that don't get a mortgage. And the, because I'm a construction manager, I think I can do that. I think I'm savvy enough to make it happen and just gonna save like it depends on me and pray. Like it depends on God. Wow. Sometimes people are on the debt free stage and they actually paid their debt off a while ago. Have you had a month or two or a few months where your paycheck deposits and it only goes into wherever you want it to go?


Yeah. I actually set up for my direct deposit to be some for just living and everything else is going to my high yield savings account just for baby sub three. So it's been, I've had about maybe one and a half months since That's Tell tell somebody what it feels like when that check deposits. Oh, it's exciting. It's yours. It's even better that it's automated. Like I don't have to think about it. I don't have to accidentally not touch it, it just goes to my high yield savings account. And I look at it and I'm just like, you're Building it for your future. Some lenders, you're done paying for the past. Congratulations Man. It's amazing. We, We've got a parting gift for you. We got two EveryDollar one year subscriptions for you.


You can use that. You can pass it on to someone else who maybe encouraged you, maybe doubted you, you know, give it to the haters and say, Hey, this is for you. Check this out. Thank you. So we, So we're so proud of you. We're happy to celebrate with you. Let's get to the moment we've all been waiting for. It's jawanda from Philadelphia, $86,613 and not a, a penny less car loan, unemployment, back taxes, city backed taxes, the student loans. It's all gone in 48 months making 70 to 80 4K. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. I'm debt free. Yeah.


See that one came from your soul. Love that. That was cathartic from her chest. Man, I love it. Oh my goodness. If that doesn't light you up, doesn't put, put a little fire in your belly, you're not living. Check your pulse man. Jawanda iss an inspiration. This is The Ramsey Show.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. George Campbell here with Dr. John Maloney. The number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. John, I, I don't like to hit the news very often, but there's one thing that applies to people's personal finances. If I can connect some dots for you. Just one thing. You Ready? Just one, One little thing. There's like a thousand things impacting people's So much we could talk about, but this is the one Trump's IRS layoffs have some people asking why bother filing taxes this year? So a couple of weeks ago, the Trump administration, they started to lay off almost 7,000 IRS employees. Commerce Secretary told the media that Trump's goal is to quote abolish the IRS. This has a lot of people confused where they should hold off on filing.


Like is this a government shutdown? We're like, we're good, we don't have to file. Yay. Some people are taking this as an opportunity to just ignore it and not file. So whether you agree with believe or put stock into anything politicians say it takes a long time for anything big to happen in the government. So layoffs do not mean a shutdown. The IRS is still very much alive and well. Ready to make sure you file your return. So if the IRS were being closed, Trump would let us know. You still need to file like usual and the earlier the better. In fact, John and I were just talking about how we got ours done. We like to get ours done as soon as possible. As soon as possible. Yeah. So that we know. Yeah. I just wanna know, am I gonna owe, am I gonna get a refund? Let me not let it live in my head. Rent free until April 15th. Exactly.


And listen, we have to say this as clear as as day you have to file your taxes this year. Despite what All the rhetoric, despite what like, Oh no, you don't understand. You have to file taxes or you'll be in violation of the law. Period. Yep. Pay your taxes. Now here's what could happen. The layoffs will likely slow down, refund processing time, support phone lines. And the longer you wait, the worse you could get if you do need help down the line. So tax collectors are still on the job. They're not gonna stop just because of the layoffs. And the IRS penalty for you not paying your taxes is a half a percent of your tax bill every single month. The failure to file penalty is 5% of your tax bill per month. And it spikes to 25% after five months.


It Compounds stupid tax. That's interest on you. That Is yikes. Pay your taxes people, I don't like it. George doesn't like it. No, none of Us like it. But also it's, it's what we have to do. And So we pay our, we pay our taxes, we move on, move on with our life. Right? That's it. And you won't go to jail for not paying your tax bill all at once. But you could go to jail for not filing at all. So that's the key is you gotta file regardless of if you can pay it all upfront or not, you can work on a payment plan, you can get that extended, but you got to file by April 15th. So if you're holding off on filing, 'cause you may not be able to afford your tax bill, you have options file as soon as possible even if you can't pay, pay as much as you can over the next month. If Paying's gonna take longer than a month, you can set up that payment plan and then make adjustments like you were doing the debt snowball to cut everything in your budget so you don't have this problem again.


And we tell people IR s debt goes to the very top of the debt snowball. It's the first thing you pay because they can destroy your life. And Let me say this one more time. Pay your taxes. Pay your taxes. And this isn't just us preaching at you, George and I have already done our family's taxes. We've already submitted them. So it's not just like a fun little game we're playing. People on the internet are like, don't pay your taxes. Those people are paying their taxes. Y'all a hundred percent. Everybody's paying their taxes. Just get over it. Let's get it done and move on with your life.


And We can help you make it easy. If you have a simple tax situation, you haven't had any major life changes, big investments, check out Ramsey Smart Tax. This is tax software that Dave and the RAMSEY team approves of. We've partnered with tax layer on this. It's powered by tax layer. They've been in the business for 50 years. This is 100% accurate. Tax software saves you up to 80% compared to the other guys. So get started. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and get it outta your life. Stop letting it live in your head rent free. Hey, can I say this? I wanted to know, so before I even submitted them, I ran mine through Oh yeah. Ramsey Smart Tax. It almost nailed it. Wow. It was, it was amazing how good this product was to the point that it made me reconsider next year, like if I might just do it again on my own. Do I need a pro? 'cause I was able to do it on my own. I used To use Ramsey Smart Tax and then things got more complicated and it even dealt with my complication. My wife has a small business. We went right through it and dude, it was, If it can handle the chaos of John's life, you're gonna be fine guys. That's right. You're gonna be fine. But it, it's, it's very impressive in-house. Simple. It makes everything Yeah. Love it. And very good. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


All Right, let's go to Renee in Akron, Ohio. What's going on Renee? Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. I'm currently on baby steps four through six. You might tell me to go back to three after this, but I feel like after 20 years, God's leaving me to leave corporate America and go into vocational ministry. My heart's been there for years and now that I'm debt free, I, I don't, there's not really anything holding me back other than my goal of like making it to baby step seven because that me being selfish and that me being smart and I was just interested in your insight.


Sure. So you have a mortgage right now? Yes. It's about 5 59 a month. So in debt free except for my house. Wow. 5 59, what a steal. Yeah, that's Okay. $500. Yeah. Wow. Most people's car payments are higher. Wait a gun on that mortgage man. Half of America. Just, you made some good decisions sneezed while they were driving down the road listening To Well, everyone's mad at you right now. They, you've lost all empathy with the people listening. Forget This lady. You should, you should look at rent, you should look at rent prices and acronym. Do you have a job on the table right now that you're weighing or you are? Is this philosophical for you? It's more philosophical.


I'm, I'm like two years sober and so just lately I've really been more passionate about helping like teens with their recovery, you know, and awesome making a lifestyle like vocational decision. That's not going to give me the income I have. No. Do you have, so George will get into the numbers here, but lemme ask you a few questions. Do you have the training to be like a teenage addiction counselor? Not like I, not psychology. No. Okay. Okay. I don't have a psychology History. What would keep you from keeping your job and also running meetings in the morning or running meetings in the evening.


You'd be tired of course, but what would keep you from doing that? And the reason I'm pressing on you is some of the greatest, what I would call vocational ministers have full-time jobs, even Paul made tent. Right? And so people always say like, think like in in in George, and I hear this all the time. I need to quit everything to go be a musician. I need to quit everything to go be a comedian. I need to quit everything to go be a minister. And I always want to hold off and say, could you begin to work your way into this and see is this the, the life I want to live? Does that make sense? Yeah. Good question. There's not, okay, I'm a, I'm a CR leader now.


What are you making with your corporate job? 95. And how much do you have in savings? 11,000. And what are your monthly bills to cover all your expenses? I think about like at about 3000 when I include like my insurance and stuff that comes out on a paycheck. Okay. So a six month emergency fund, let's call it 20,000 to round up to be conservative. Okay. That's what you'd be looking at for a six month emergency fund. And you, you could take your income down and still survive. But again, you have other goals.


I want you to retire with dignity when you want to and not work because you have to, I want you to be able to pay off that house one day. And so cutting your income down to like a ministry income of $30,000. I don't like that plan. I'm with John on that. That I would keep your full-time job or take another job full-time that still offers flexibility for you to do this vocational ministry part-time. And I think that's a great question. Are you running towards a, like a life of full-time celebrate recovery where you're working with people and you're sitting side by side with them in a psychology standpoint or a ministry standpoint? Or let's just be honest, do you hate your corporate job? Because those are two different things.


I don't hate intellectually, I do not hate my corporate job. Okay. My heart like corporate like ethics is a little bit of a, not like, not like I work at a shady place 'cause I don't, but there's, it's tough. There's kind of like that. It's just weird. Yeah, yeah. It's just not where Yeah. I Gotcha. I gotcha. What George and I both know is one of the chief stressors in somebody's life is financial stress. And for somebody who's two years sober, I would hate to say yep, let's take a $60,000 pay cut or a $50,000 pay cut with 10,000 bucks in the bank. 'cause George and I both know, man, that kind of stress just leans on you in a tough way.


I would love to see you, no pun intended, baby, step your way into increasing your role in cr, increasing your role in AA meetings, increasing your role, volunteering in local organizations and begin to see is this the life I wanna live long term? Love it. Hey Renee, we're gonna send you a copy of our friend Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do as a get clear career assessment in there. I think that's gonna really help you create some clarity around this next chapter of your life. We're excited for you. This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes and if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval


Live from Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by the host of The Dr. John Delony Show. Dr. John Delony, open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jason is gonna kick us off this hour in Columbus, Ohio. What's going on Jason? Hi George. Dr. John, it's a pleasure to get to talk to you both. You as well. What's going on? So basically I, over the last month or so have been kind of undergoing a bunch of anxiety and stress regarding like my debt and everything. And I'm, after meeting with multiple people, they're all saying I should file for bankruptcy, but I'm not sure if I should.


Who are you usually Talking to? Yeah, usually multiple people are wrong. What's going on? I mean it's, it's a combination of things just starting back from a few years ago and the debts have just been piling up. The minimum payment's been piling up and I feel like I can't breathe and I can hardly sleep at night sometimes because it just, So step one and I've been there brother, I've been there, I've been there where your body, you feel like you're being betrayed by your own body, right? Like it's just you're anxious all the time. The first path through is like no holds barred, choose reality. So be very specific.


How much do you owe and to who Combined? It all is about closer to 60,000 counting my truck and the credit cards, the personal loans, everything. Okay, 35. 35 of it's the truck. And then the rest is a mix of credit cards, personal loans and lines of credit. Okay. I can tell you right now, no bankruptcy is not your solution here. Okay? Put that off the table, take that outta your head, okay. And let that give some peace. Now how much money do you make? Last gross, last year I made 65. Okay. The good news is you can sell that truck.


You might be a little underwater on it. Do you know how much it's worth if you sold it private party? I don't through KBDI haven't looked. That's gonna be part of your homework. You gotta figure out exactly what it's worth. If you sold it for top dollar and you owe 35. So there's gonna be, there may be a gap. Let's say it's only worth 30. You need to come up with the extra $5,000 either through saving it up or going to your local credit union and getting a loan for the difference. And then getting enough to get a little beater car on top of that. Is this your only vehicle? Yeah. Okay. So that's the good news. Think about that. I could free you today by selling that car down to $25,000 total in debt. Can you breathe a little bit easier now?


Little bit. And now we go okay. What's a plan to pay off 25 grand? Well, easy math says if I was able to throw two grand a month this debt, it would be gone in a year, right? Yeah. And how much do you make every month? What's your take home pay? So I work on base salary or base hourly in commission. So it varies, but typical month is usually between 30 504,000. Great. So let's say 4,000. Are you doing any investing right now at all? Is there a company 401k? Is there a match or anything you're doing? The company does offer a 401k with a hundred percent match, but I'm not contributing. Okay, so you make 4K.


Now we look at, okay, what are your monthly expenses? What does it take for you to live? We're not eating out, we're not doing anything exciting. No frivolous spending here, but how much does it need? Do you need to live, pay, rent, bills, food, all that? Probably at the most 2000. Jason, do you see what we just unlocked done? I just told you if you put 2000 a month toward your debt, your debt free in a year and you said you make four, your expenses are two that looks oddly like 2000 left over to throw at the debt, doesn't it? They wouldn't even finish the, the, the bankruptcy paperwork in that time. They wouldn't do debt free. They wouldn't let you file. They'd say, dude, you don't even, this isn't even a problem. You're gonna be done with this debt in a year.


And so then you do the debt snowball method where you pay off the smallest balance first. So what is the smallest balance you currently owe? Smallest one I is 5,000. Okay, so two and a half months you're done with that first debt. Now we're down to 20,000 and we free up that payment. What's the payment on that $5,000 debt? I believe it's close to 300 minimum. So now you freed up another 300 to throw out your next smallest debt. Do you see the momentum that gets built with the debt snowball? Yeah, I do. So I just showed you the math and again there's, there's two parts to this. There's all the emotion, there's a psychological aspect that John can talk to you about, but I just showed you on paper how easy this is to fix.


Well all your other friends said, dude, it's too bad. You just gotta file bankruptcy man. That's America. Well can you do, and I just showed Jason how to take control of his life with the guy in the mirror. Tell me about this job. It's a sales job working in retail, you know, a lot of customer facing interaction and stress on a daily basis. So I don't wanna be overdramatic here, but your whole cadence, your whole tone changes when you talk about your job. And I wonder if you're just not in the right job if You, I wonder the same thing. It's just my concern has always been the, has been the money in that like trying to stay afloat.


I gotcha. Because in an ideal world, like when during Covid, I actually had went to school to be a software engineer and, and then when I graduated, the tech market crashed. Yep. And nobody was hiring. I couldn't get a job anywhere. Okay, but what did you learn to do when you were coding? You learned to solve problems, you learned to work independently, you learned to go through very fine details and you learn to talk to knuckleheads like me who are these big artist dreamers who are like, I just want it to like feel like this. And you're like, okay. And you took a bunch of hieroglyphic looking things in Ruby on Rails and you made it like, dude, you're literally limitless with that degree.


Not just because from coding or software engineering, but because you know how to take a project from start to finish. And somehow, some way you've got, you've, your body is telling you that you're not safe. And sometimes that's because we're in the wrong place and I would love to see you, bro, right now. I would love to see you make 30 grand a year throwing boxes half the day and make 30 grand a year working at Starbucks the other half the day and make that same 60 grand and you're on your feet and you're running around, but you're not having to meet sales quotas and stuff like that, that's keeping you up at night while you then look for a job that might be a product manager that might be able to see some of these projects from start to finish that job as hot as could be.


Right now you're an engineer, maybe not in software, maybe AI can do that now. Okay, cool. Where am I gonna take that A that engineering skillset and go make somebody else's life? Some customer's life, some business's life better. Do you get what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. There's an underlying anxiousness. Your body doesn't believe that you're safe, but when it comes to the money part brother, it's a year of obnoxious hard work. Not asking your friends to come over and bring whatever peanut butter and jelly sandwiches they got. 'cause that's what we're gonna do. We're gonna play Dungeons and Dragons or whatever weird stuff you're into. And we're just going to, we're gonna do this for a year and then we're gonna call it, and then I'm gonna be all paid up.


I'm not gonna have a $35,000 truck that sits in my driveway losing money every second and makes me not able to breathe. It's not gonna do it. I'm gonna have a used camera that's gonna get me from A to B, but we here, here's the deal, man. We believe in you. Hang on the line. I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, building a Non-Anxious Life for Free. It's gonna be my gift to you. I'm also gonna send you Financial Peace University. I want you to watch the videos and it's gonna give you peace because it's gonna give you an actual plan. Okay, brother? Hang on the line here, we'll get you hooked up. Bankruptcy is not in your future, my friend. Absolute, not only, only financial freedom and debt freedom, We're listening to other people, man. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly?


Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks, so why, why is that? Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking, and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner, changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric. Yes.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. You know, that's why we're partnering with them because they're, they're, they've got a scope to be able to handle the RAMSEY audience, and they're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. So again, you guys, I know it can be a pain to switch banks or to open up new accounts, but Fairwinds again, they make it so easy. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general, and so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry and slow motion, then file your taxes. But thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no-brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. If you're not sure, if you're on track with the baby steps, take a quick quiz that can help you check your progress and you'll get a personalized plan just for you. Simply head to the show notes of this episode, click on the link that's titled, Are You On Track With the Baby Steps And Complete the Quiz. Molly's up next in Macon, Georgia. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Molly, how can I help? Thank you for taking my call. I am, I have a question about giving. The Lord recently blessed us with a, an inheritance and it stopped and we don't need it to live on.


So we are able to just invest it and give it. And it was a big surprise and I've never had this happen before, so I haven't, I'm wondering, okay, first of all, in being a good steward of this and thinking about giving it, do we tithe the stock? Do we just invest it? And then what we earn off of it, we give out of that. I'm not sure how to do that. You're such a sweet, wonderful person. I I'm glad that you were the one gifted with this money. Can I ask where it came from? My father passed away. Wow.


Recently. Oh my goodness. And this was part of your inheritance. Was there anything else? N no, because everything, everything went to my mother, but he left this to me. Wow. And, and my parents taught us live within your means save. And they taught us that we should invest. They didn't teach us how to invest. So I'm working with somebody to help me know how to do this. And, and so I, I need some advice just because I want to be a very good steward of this gift. And so I, as I was thinking through that, I wanted to have many advisors who could, you know, with many advisors, our plans will succeed.


I wanna know, should, should I go ahead and just give 10% of that stock away? Or, or is it better to just invest it? And then as I don't even know how to, like, how it would come back to me. I know that I've been No, you're right's a lot ways retire. There's a lot of ways to do this. And truthfully, this is gonna be up to the matter of the heart. And so I don't want you to feel like there's a way the right way. And if I don't do it this way, I'm not being wise. The fact you're even asking this question tells me that you're already a generous person. Can we, like, let's pull that apart real quick.


Molly. I'm gonna talk to George, but I'm gonna do it on your behalf. Okay? Okay. George is smarter than me in some of this stuff. So George, I'm thinking you could sell the stock and take $850,000 in cash minus whatever the, Hey, I assume you're gonna have capital gains taxes on this. Correct? Right. Well, as my accountant and my financial advisor said that it's only going to be, I would only have capital gains on the amount between the date of transfer to me. Perfect Step Up. And because yes, the step, because when, when I received it, I thought, Oh no, all my eggs are in one basket.


They would say, don't do that. My accountant said, don't do that. My personal Yeah. So you, you could sell it all the day of transfer, essentially have no taxes. So I, I sold 75% of it and it's just in a money market fund right now. Perfect. Waiting for me to figure it out. And the other part, the 25% I kept in case I was going to give, give stock, like transfer stock, because they had said, several people have said to me, you don't wanna sell it and give what you gave, gave give off of the earnings of that or what you sold. You wanna give the stock, transfer the stock.


But, But I mean, you'd just be putting somebody else in that same situation, like some church or educational institution or wherever you sold it. Yeah, I don't would've to convert it. I, I think that's overcomplicating it. What I would do, Molly, if, if I was in your shoes and I was gifted this money, I would just go, okay, I'm gonna tie it off my first fruits. And so the income that I actually take home, I'm gonna tithe off of that. And so if the stock is growing and you're not actually selling it and making money from wherever it's invested, that's not gonna count as income that year. You see what I'm saying? But whenever you do sell it, I would take 10% of whatever that is and tie that. Okay. So at, at this point I sold $646,000 worth and that's what's in the money market.


Yes. And then the other stock, so you're saying ti off of that and and then well, Is that gonna count as income for you this year? Only 12,000 is counted as income. Okay. And so that's what I'm talking about here is you just, there's basically an asset here that was invested. It hasn't really turned into income for you. You're just basically converting it into a different asset. Okay. And so what I would do if I was in your shoes is just tithe 10% of your income. You can also be more generous than that. It's up to you. You could give all of this to charity today. But if you're just saying, Hey, what's the right way to tie that of this from a biblical perspective, the way we see it at RAMSEY is its first fruits.


It's based on what you actually took home. You know, the grosser net, you know, Dave always makes jokes about that. It, it's up. That's really a matter of the heart. If you made a hundred thousand gross this year, you can tie $10,000 to your local church and even give a above and beyond that to whatever organizations or causes you so choose Or after taxes, if you feel like tithing the $80,000 you actually brought home and you pay 8,000. Like it's, everybody's gonna be different there. Okay. Because at this point, nothing is in my bank account. Exactly. Right. And that's what we're saying. Brokerage firm, nothing has come to me. I have got nothing that's all fitting with the Brokerage. Sure. But so, so if it was me, and again, take this with a grain of salt, right?


If it was me, I would cash out that eight 50 and take $85,000 and tie that to my, my church and then my wife and I would decide, do we wanna do something else with it? Do we wanna help a kid go to college? Do we want to like what, you know, whatever and do we wanna give to my daughter's little school or whatever we wanna do with it? And then the rest of it I would put into some sort of retirement vehicle. Yeah. If you just invested this money, and I'll just give you a, a quick example. $750,000, you never add another dollar to that. You just let it grow. How old are you Molly? 55. 55. Let's say even for the next 10 years, you just park that money in a good growth stock mutual fund or even in a, in a taxable brokerage account in an index fund.


And it made let's say 9% on average over those 10 years, it would turn into 1.77 million. So seven 50 gained another million without you doing anything. So that's the power of compound growth at this level and this scale. And so you can really create some sizable wealth to do even more good in your community and in the world with that money. And it sounds like you're going to do that. And so I love that you're thinking about how do I manage this? Well, do you trust the financial advisor you're working with? I do. Good. They're they're helping explain all of this to you. They're educating you. They've got the heart of a teacher. Yes. He sends an awful lot of time. And he says that I ask him questions, nobody's asked.


I love that. That I explains things to me. You gotta challenge him. Yeah. Make him, make him think outside the box. That's how I would look at it, Molly. And again, there's no, I don't think there's a wrong way to do this. The way I look at it is whatever income I took in that year, if I want to tie the 10% off of that, that's what I'm doing. But you don't need to look at it as one giant pile, and I've gotta do this today. You can invest it and based on what you actually convert to income tithe off of that. Or you can do what John said and just go, you know what, I'm just gonna take 80 5K off the top of this and that's all I'm gonna tithe off of that and the rest is gonna be investments. And Then next year if I made an additional 10 grand, I would take that on top of my salary that I made for that year and my wife and I would tithe 10% off top of that.


Okay. And that way, that way for me in my house, it would just, it would be a, it would be in perpetuity, right? It would just be, it would continue to be a blessing further and further. Yeah. You wouldn't even touch the principle of that money. It's all gonna just be growth at that point, which is incredible. And you said you don't need this money. It sounds like you're doing really well financially, yourself. Well, I mean, we have no debt. We're paying cash for my son's college and we have a six month and I'm getting my own pension. Amazing. From retirement. And I have a little other in my 4 0 3 B, so, no. So Can, can I tell you something Molly? What? What was your dad's name? Rick.


He's real, real proud of you. Thank you. If I passed on, I left my daughter 850 grand and these were the questions she was asking. I would know that I raised her right and that I, she's gonna be a good steward of this money. You're doing a good Job. And guess what? I can tell you're gonna do the same for your kid. And I hope they do the same for their kid. And that's generational wealth. A good man or woman leaves an inheritance to his children's children. You're an inspiration. Molly, thank you so much for the call and trusting us with this. This is The Ramsey


Show. Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today,


I am George Campbell, joined by Dr. John Delony. This is The Ramsey Show.


Our RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi? With why refi? You can take control of your defaulted private student loans with a plan that works with your monthly budget visit. Why refi.com/ RAMSEY to learn more? That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


All Right, today's question comes from page in Ohio and I, I just love this question. My husband and I are new listeners and began the baby steps late last year. I'm struggling to cope with the shame and guilt that I feel over our financial mess. It feels insurmountable even though we are working hard and seeing progress. I cry every day and it feels like we're never gonna get there. How do I celebrate the small wins when we mark a debt off our snowball in the midst of being intense to get out of the rest of the debt? This is, I feel like this is like a really honest question. Yeah. And we don't talk about it a lot here and we tell people just like crush it, go kill it. Go. You know, like murder it.


There's another side to That. There's another side which is you sitting at your kitchen table, you just drew a line through the $700 credit card, you finally got it and your kid needs braces and your other kid shoes and the next payment is $1,500. That's the next credit card. And you put $200 towards it and you just sit there at night, the kids are asleep, your partner's in bed and you just have your face in your hands. And what I would tell you Paige, is crying's not a bad thing. Cry. That's okay. And if you find yourself unable to move and un unable to take that next step and you need to call somebody and if y'all have guilt because y'all hid money from each other, you just lived rambunctious, now you're having to tell your kids, no, that's not a bad thing.


And if you're ashamed of some of the things that you've bought, if y'all have a bunch of ATVs in a boat, in a, in a, you know, in a jet ski, but also a hundred thousand dollars in student loan, like shame's not a bad thing. It's when it becomes, as they say, toxic, when it becomes where you can't move and you can't hear anything positive or good. So here's the deal, feel those feelings and just keep doing the next right thing. And that is where the magic is. And what's gonna happen is you're gonna look up in seven months and you're gonna have paid off several of these little tinier credit cards. Or you're gonna plow through one big one and you're not even gonna realize it, but you're gonna find yourself standing an inch or two taller. So sometimes it takes a while for our feelings to catch up with doing the next right thing.


And George, I for one man cry, that's your body getting it out. Cry. It's the only time I'm concerned is when I cry and I can't do anything. Or I find myself going back to old bad habits. You're Sort of frozen. That's right. Or I start buying stuff again to try to make myself feel better. Or I find myself taking another drink and another drink, or I start skipping my side hustle to watch Netflix. That's when I want you to call somebody. But it feels like we're never gonna get there yet if we're honest, we are getting there slowly but surely we're getting there. Right? So challenge those thoughts. That's the old CBT. Like, challenge those thoughts and see if it's true or not. And then let's just keep doing the next Right. Move man. But Paige, this is a common thing at the very beginning where you just look back and go, oh my gosh, how are we living?


Right? Yeah, I've been there. I'm sure you like I've been there and we don't talk about it enough, but this is a very real part of it. And then you just gotta go do the next right thing. And then having that deep why of like, oh that's why I'm doing this. Yeah. Because when you're in the middle of it, you sort of forget like why am I running this? Who, why did I decide to run a marathon? Yeah. This is the, oh, that's the reason why. And what I found, this works for me, John, this may not, I don't know if this works in your world, but when I find that I'm getting too like emotional about something, I try to lean toward the facts and reality. Yep. And when I get too into the math and that becomes overwhelming, I try to lean into the emotional side of here's why I'm doing this. Yep. And so that tends to help me not be out of balance on one or the other. And so it may help to go look at the numbers, look how much debt we've paid off.


Let's make the little chain and make it visual and let's make the thermometer and color it in to show the progress. 'cause sometimes it is hard to see the forest from the trees when you're in the middle of this. Yeah. And there's something, there is something about some sort of cheesy project, whether it's drawing a thermometer. Me and my wife hung the, the the the what? The, the paper chain in our bedroom. I was like, I want that in the bedroom. I wanna see it every night. And I will say this page and to everybody just getting started on the baby steps, you're finding yourself in March of a new year, you're already exhausted. Like you haven't been to a restaurant in three months and it's miserable and now you're on spring break and you're not going anywhere. Like I get it. I get it. You're right where you need to be.


Don't go on this, on this adventure beating yourself up like you're on. It's only, you're only gonna get so far if you're choosing to get outta debt because you hate your former self, don't do that. Get outta debt because of who you're gonna be on the other side of this thing and where you're gonna go. Yes. Being able to See, it's not because you hate yourself, it's 'cause you love yourself enough to see that version of you. That's right. Go towards something. Don't run from something. I remember man, he's just a, a sage Sal de Stefano with the, with the mind pump guys. Guys, I just love, there are fitness guys. But I remember him telling me when I was just being, being honest about working out and he said, Hey, if you go to the gym every day, 'cause you think you look disgusting if you go to the gym every day because this is what you get.


'cause you're 10 pounds overweight, you're always gonna quit. You're always gonna quit because your body can only take hating itself so long. Not a great motivator long term. Right. But if he says, If you get up every day and you're like, dude, I get an hour, I'm worth an hour to where I can just go feel good. He said, you'll do that the rest of your life. And that was such a light bulb for me. I went to the gym 'cause I didn't look like how I looked. Not because it makes me a better husband and a dad. And when I made that switch now it's, it's something I look forward to. It's something I get to do even when I don't want to. Yeah. Versus something I have to do. 'cause it's my punishment for the day for being unattractive. Right. Same with your money. Right. We gotta update the operating system. That's exactly right. That's good. We're we're going, we're going towards something not just continually running with our head over our shoulder.


That'll preach. Well done Paige. We're cheering you on. Blessings, man. All Right. Cole is in Cincinnati. Up next on the phone. What's going on Cole? Hey, so I had a question. So basically I'm on data steps four, five, and six and I have a little bit. So I'm kind of curious, once I put my 15% into retirement and after I, you know, have my emergency fund and all that, what, what do I do with my extra savings money because I know I don't want to just have it in a savings account. Do you have Venmo?


No. Okay. Get it and send it to George underscore. I'm just kidding. Don't send 'em your extra money. Right. You said you're in baby steps. 4, 5, 6. So those are done simultaneously. So once you have 15% they're done in order but at the same time. So 15%, boom, we got that going. Next up. Do you have kids? No, I'm on the 20, so. Oh Great. So you're gonna leapfrog past five. Do you have a mortgage? Yeah, we just, I just, just bought a house. Awesome. What's left on the mortgage? 1 72. Okay, so here's what you can do. Jump onto Ramsey Solutions dot com and use our mortgage payoff calculator and set a goal of hey man, how cool would it be to have a paid four house in four years?


And here's what it looks like if we make an extra payment every month of a thousand bucks that we have. You said leftover. So however much that is that you want to allocate toward the mortgage, let's allocate that money every single month and have a goal to have that home paid off in a certain amount of time. Yep. And I'm already planning to have it paid off in eight years, but outside of that I still have money left over. Great. So and that can become, that can become extra on the mortgage. That could be, Hey, you know what, I need sinking funds for a vacation. I'm gonna put money away for an upgrade in a car two years from now. And so what, what I've done is just set up a bunch of sinking funds in my EveryDollar budget to where that money has a name. The most dangerous thing you can do is to not have every single dollar assigned to a job in your budget.


And so assign it and sit down. You have a wife? No girlfriend at the moment. Okay. She's technically renting from me, so Yikes. That's gotta be awkward. You need to call my show. Not, we Talked about that. Not renting. Not renting. We're just not married. So I bought the house and she's just giving me some for staying with me bro. Go down this weekend and you'll get married. How Long have you been dating? About three years. Okay. What are you Waiting on? Actually you're 20. That's fine. I get it. His Prefrontal cortex has not developed yet. I know We're almost there. He's got five years left. Us almost There. Prefrontal cortex. We're just waiting for her to get outta school. Okay. Why You're already living together. Just call it. Is she the one? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, for sure.


All Right, take some of that extra money and go get a ring this weekend and y'all go wrap it up. And for now it's Cole's money and so we're gonna have only goals for Cole, only Kohl's budget. And so again, I would set up syncing funds, probably looking at a ring, probably looking at cash flowing, a wedding, maybe further education. Who knows? Just assign it to all of the places you want it to go. And if you don't have a place for it, I just start chunking at the mortgage for now. Okay. And then also would it be able to put it, so after I get done with all that stuff, should I put it into like index funds or, Yeah, once you're in baby set seven. Once you get rid of that mortgage you can increase investing beyond 15% and you'll max that retirement first and then move on to index funds and non-retirement accounts and all that good stuff.


But you're a ways away but keep dreaming of it man. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell joined by Dr. John Delony. If you wanna see Dr. John Delony and Dave RAMSEY, they are headed out on the open road for the money and Relationships Tour and they're gonna make this event a little different. You get to choose the content before the event and they'll talk about things like raising great kids, handling money, fights the right way and making real friends in the 21st century. And they're coming to a city near you. Hopefully Louisville, April 21st, Durham, April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix on May 5th, Fort Worth, May 7th, Kansas City on May 9th. And these are some really cool venues and theaters you guys are hitting. Yeah, it's amazing. Imagine if my show and The Ramsey Show had a kid and then that kid was let loose on a stage. That's what this show will be. It's gonna be a blast. I can't wait. I'm scared for them. I hope they're not filming it. I think we should Mute that. If you ever wonder like did they edit stuff out? Yes. And this will be the unedited version. You'll get to see it. Get your seats today. You can get tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes.


Let's get to the phones. So hi joins us in West Haven, Connecticut, How can we help today? Yes. Hello. So I have found myself like in 14 months that I've been to say United States, I've been into this loop and I, and my income is like very low and I can't seem to bring it any higher because I don't have any experience. I'm server at restaurant, like I make about three K per month. So I was thinking like, should I avoid rent and then buy like a SUV and I kind of live in it until I save up some money and get some, some, some skills or is it a stupid idea?


Where are you living now? West Haven, Connecticut? No, where where like are you renting an apartment? Are you living with family friends? Yeah. I rent In an apartment. It's about, it's about like six 50 per month. It's not much, but my income is also very low. Okay. No, six 50 sounds very reasonable. Yeah. What's wrong with that? Yeah. What, how are you having trouble keeping it together? Did You take on debt? I have. I have like 4K for down payment then. Yeah, I was thinking about financing one and then putting the rent on the, on the finance car and that way I could go to school like easier and everything. But if I can, I can buy a car and be and rent a room but I won't be able to save a penny and like I would be stuck in this situation for like very long.


That's what I'm thinking. Can I give you a, a pro tip for being a new immigrant to the states? And if you can avoid this thing, you will have such a wonderful life of opportunity and it's this don't fall for the American trap of debt. No country in the world makes it so easy and so attractive to take on payments like the US and I'm scared that you're already getting star. Ya going, ooh could finance a car and they're saying they can can get the payment down to $300 a month and so I might as well get a nicer, newer car. Do you have any debt currently? No. Yeah, please, please, please, please, please take it from two guys who've been down that road.


Don't do that. I would rather see you go four years and get outta school scratching and clawing and barely making it every month and you get out and you have a degree and you don't owe anybody anything other than having a car that is now worth 35 or 40% of what you bought it for and being stuck. I you got a, you got a good deal. You live in one of the most expensive places to live. It it, it's very expensive. There like a cost of living in West Haven. Connecticut's very expensive. Why did you pick that place? I just chose this school back there from my country and then I got accepted and I was like, okay, let's, let's try.


It wasn't my plan to come here and then I got into school for free and everything was good, but, but I'm thinking that 'cause I've never paid rent, never worked before, never had like money to manage it and this whole thing is new for me. Excellent. I'm kind of like, so Lemme tell you this. There, there's a Six 50 on rent and it's going like away like seven K You say seven K per year. I mean I know it's reasonable but I Think like no it's six 50 is a very good deal. But listen, there is a, there's, there's it, it kind of barbells, right? It kind of is an either or. There are students in the United States who borrow everything and live high on the hog for four years and then they end up calling this show 'cause they are have run their life into the ground.


The other part of the culture that doesn't get much media play is millions and millions of students scratch and claw their way through and they, they work as waiters and then they get up in the morning and they drive Uber and they live in a crump, the cheapest apartment they can safely live in. And then they just bide their time for four years and they take advantage of the school health clinic and they take advantage of the school counseling system and they take advantage of the school gym and they keep, their expenses were low. And so if you've got free tuition in the US you're already way far ahead. Don't make it worse by borrowing money, I would much rather you're on the right path.


I'm gonna send you, we're gonna send you financial Peace university and it's a class that 10 million plus people have gone through to teach them just what, what you're experiencing is how do we manage this money? Okay? And if you'll watch these lessons, it will give you a play by play on how to do it. Okay? But man, you're ahead of the game. You're ahead of the game, you're ahead of the game and I know you feel like you're not, I'm telling you, you are. And you're gonna look up in four years and have a US degree. You're gonna have learned some great skills and please don't owe anybody any money when it's, it's over. Especially not on a, on a depreciating asset. What I mean by that is when you buy a car, the moment you drive it off the lot, it has lost money and every day it loses money.


It just becomes worth less and less and less. But your payment never changes. Okay. Okay. You said you have $4,000 saved up. Yes. Way to go. So instead of seeing that as a down payment, see it as this is my car budget right now total. Right? But can I get like a, a reliable car for 4,000? Well You might, let's say you could, you could save up another $2,000 over the next three months, right? Right. Now your car budget's $6,000 And Yes, absolutely 100%. Yeah. And it's not gonna be the nicest, it's not gonna be anything like the new cars that they show you on the lot. But you're not driving this car for 20 years. You're gonna drive it for maybe two years until you can save up and be in a better place and upgrade the car.


You'll sell that one for probably what you paid for it and then upgrade with the money you have saved up. Do you see that kind of slow burn by using cash and how it slows you down to make better decisions? Yes. Yes. And Here, here's the other thing. Anybody who tells you otherwise isn't telling you the truth. I was a dean of students at a law school and I drive a, I drove a $3,500 truck 'cause me and my wife were trying to get outta debt and she was a professor and she drove. It was probably a $4,000 Corolla and nobody cared. They just wanted to know, are you showing up and doing a great job at your job? And so when you're young, people are like, no dude, they won't take you seriously if you don't have this car, dude, They don't pay your bills.


Get a vote. Show up and do a great job at school and be able to focus on school. And dude, you need, you need as little stress as possible trying to figure out a new culture, new languages, new schooling stuff. You don't need to add financial stress to a bank on there. So yeah, go buy yourself a 5,000 car man. It's gonna be an old Camry. Find yourself an old truck. It's not gonna be sexy, it's not gonna look great. It will get you to and from, And let me advise you. Get a pre-purchase inspection. It's gonna cost you a hundred, 150 bucks. It's gonna be worth every penny so that you don't go, oh my gosh, I got a $5,000 car. It needs 3000 repairs the week after I bought it. Get a pre-purchase inspection from a mechanic that you trust, an independent one that can look it over and go, All Right, this car is not gonna have a bunch of issues, it's in solid condition.


This will get you another 50,000, a hundred thousand miles and that will put you in a place to then save up. 'cause you free up that payment. Now you can save that money and upgrade in car. And I'm gonna also send you my book, breaking Free from Broke on top of Financial Peace. Read the car loans chapter specifically and I walk you through the right way to buy a car, every single step from the payment to the research, the negotiating, all of that to give you some confidence and clarity. And the one thing you're not gonna do is walk away with a payment. Okay? I appreciate It. And man, you're 14 months in, you're doing really, really Good. Yeah, we're on your side, my man. We're rooting for you. So I'm Glad you're here. Go to school and get a great degree, man. And don't be tempted by American stupidity.


I know they make it look so cool, but everyone is miserable and broke and anxious and I don't want you to become that. Yeah, there's too much opportunity for you. So hang on the line. We're gonna send you Financial Peace University and breaking free from broke. I hope you can avoid the traps that America has created for you. That puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the books. If you wanna catch the next hour, jump onto the Ramsey Network app. It's totally free. It's linked in the show notes. Or just search Ramsey Network in the app store of your choosing and we'll continue the show over there. If you're on Radio stick around the show will continue as promised. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is Search Ramsey Network in the App Store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, badda b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.