
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony, number one bestselling author and host of The Dr John. Delony Show is my co-host. Today, we're taking your calls at 8 8 8 two five five two two five. The call is free, and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Don't believe me. Read Reddit. There we go. Ah, good to be back on the microphone. If those of you that don't care or didn't know, I've been gone for about four weeks goofing off because I'm 64 years old, why wouldn't I?


So went to Turkey on a two week Bible study of the seven churches of Revelation and then changed the completely flipped it over. Flew to Edinburgh and played golf for two weeks in Scotland with my wife on all of that. And so we've had a blast and we're glad to be back home. We loved Turkey. The people of Turkey are wonderful. We love Scottish people. We've always loved Scotland, a lot of fun. But we really love America and it's good to be home America. So, you know, every time I travel I do meet nice people. I don't have trouble finding good people in any country. I've, there's very few countries. I just despise John. Yeah, There's, there's this, when you get out, there's good people get off the screens.


There's good people everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. There's great. and I. I, I enjoyed the Scottish, it was a lot of fun and had some great discussions with those guys that are a lot of fun. They Oh, caddies are great. Oh, I bet. And certainly all the, the Bible stuff we did in Turkey was off the chain and so, but it was really good to be back with you guys. Phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. Susan's in Kansas City. Hi Susan. How can we help? Hi. I'm looking for wonderful advice of the way that I can help out. My husband, he worked in pharmaceutical chemistry with a bachelor's and a PhD. Worked for 15 years, got laid off in 2011, and he's never gotten a job since.


It's been really challenging. Whoa. When he was laid off. Yeah, big time. His layoff coincided with Obamacare being launched and it pushed to get all sorts of pharmaceuticals down to generic price. So it made research really hard to be profitable in the US and of course the financial crisis that started in 2008. So there were thousands of chemists of his caliber looking for jobs. He looked all over the United States. We were willing to move. We had followed his career previously and I had been a stay at home parent. But when he was two years out of having a job, I went back in and I got a full-time job and rebuilt my career, which has been really helpful.


but it hasn't replaced his earnings. 'cause my bachelor's degree earnings do not equal PhD earnings in chemistry. Apparently they do. Yeah, they do. They far exceeded it. Well, I guess in that case, yep, you're right. What I wanna do is figure out how I can help him out. I've helped him to seek counseling when he was really down and having depression after being laid off, helped him seek medical help. We've even moved halfway across the country from the East coast back to the Midwest so we can be closer to family and have a lower cost of living. But I don't think that he is actively seeking different ways to look for jobs. We have enlisted a resume service way back 10 years ago, and he signed up for some online job seminars.


And that was right at the beginning of 2020. Hey Susan. It was all about networking. Hey Susan, I just wanna interrupt you. This has nothing to do with the mechanics of finding a job. Okay. He doesn't wanna work. It's really hard. I do accept that concept. I know, but I, I hear from him that he does, but don don't see him taking the steps. But Behavior's, a language areas behavior's. A language. What's he been telling you for a decade? Well, and even with His behavior for a decade is, I don't work. I don't work. That's the answer to John's question And his behavior for a decade is, I know that you're scared and I know you're exhausted. I know you're freaked out about bills. You go do something about it. I'm not going to, and here's, here's why.


I don't have a lot of compassion. I know too many people of my personal friends who have PhDs who got laid off and they are at the grocery store or they're at Walmart throwing boxes in the, in the interim. 'cause they have families and they have commitments that they've made. They have responsibilities. Absolutely. I also have friends who've been in the throes of depression and have worked like that You wouldn't believe to work themselves out. and six months, one year later they're doing something. And I've encouraged him to take any kind of an entry level basic job just to get back into working. That's right. And he's not been actively doing that. I did. That's how I got into my job. And now I've got this.


Well, Susan, that's what normal people do. Yeah. Yeah. And when you're broke and you don't have work and you can't find work in your field, you take a job. Right. And then you keep trying to work your way back into your field maybe. But you take a job. There's no amount, there's no excuses or reason that goes for 13 years. Unless he's mentally disabled or physically disabled. And even then, I think he could probably have been doing something. I agree. So this is, this is, I'm not sure what I can do. I don don't know that you can do anything. You, you've done a lot already. The only thing I would, so My friend Henry Cloud tells a story about a guy who tried to help his son get through college and he kept getting thrown out 'cause he was smoking weed or whatever.


And the guy get him back into another college, he'd get thrown out, get him back into another college and get thrown out. And the guy said to Henry, he goes, I gotta tell you about my son's problems. And he goes, your son doesn't have any problems. His dad takes care of everything and he smokes weed. Your son doesn't have any trouble. True. He goes, you're the one that's got problems. You have a son that's misbehaving. And my job is to help you, help your son have some problems. 'cause your son's being taken care of by his trust fund. Daddy. And in a sense, Susan, I know you're kind, you're a kind sweet person. I can hear it in your voice and the way you've described this, I want somehow someone in your husband's life to help him have some problems that gets him off his butt.


Yeah. We have kind of a busting and kind of a curse where his parents who have both passed away during this whole thing. They left him money and they were helping support us during the earlier parts of his unemployment. Yeah. So he doesn't see a need to get something or we're gonna be on the street Living in the box. So here's the problem, here's the problem. and I'll say what John's gonna say ahead of him. 'cause I know what he is gonna say. You're losing respect for your husband. Yes. And it's gonna cost you your marriage. It could. And he needs to know that he doesn't believe that. And he doesn't know that Because this is Yeah. This isn't about resumes. This is not about No, this is about getting up off your butt.


What mom left us or dad left us in the trust fund. It's about none of that. This is you having the courage to say, after 10 years, I do not respect the man that I share a bed with. And he, he has a right, I believe to know that. And, and it's about contribution and purpose. That's fair. Yeah. And it's taking us down a road that I don't want to go down, honey. Which is that we're not gonna end up married. And so we're gonna go see a marriage counselor and you're going to go get a job doing something in the next 30 days, or you are contributing to the end of our marriage. That's what a marriage counselor's gonna teach you to say. We're not telling you to say, I've taken Two marriage counselors and it has not been successful, but maybe we need another person.


Yeah. You Need somebody to get up and grill. I I've even consulted. Yeah. I've even consulted a lawyer and I found that I would have to pay him alimony. Yep. Despite putting him through two graduate degrees. Yep. Because he went back during this, got another graduate degree at very little cost because I happen to work where he got the degree. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I Hate this for you. I hate this for you. You shouldn't be this way. It's not right. It's wrong. But you've, it's not going to get better until someone moves him. He's stuck. And somebody's gonna have to love him enough to knock him outta the ditch. 'cause he ain't climbing out. This is The Ramsey Show.


So what does the future hold for business? Nobody really knows. He ask nine experts, you're gonna get 10 answers. Are the robots gonna replace us all? Or will AI usher in a whole new world of work? But because there's no actual crystal ball, more than 38,000 businesses have future proof themselves. With NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. NetSuite brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. There's one source of truth giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions, real time insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you're spending less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. And speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. The guide is free to you at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Judy is in Los Angeles. Hi, Judy Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. I am a longtime listener and first time caller. Okay. I'm on baby. Step six and I, listen to your show all the time. And you recommend never to co-sign for someone. Correct. But I, I'm in a situation what I do want to co-sign for somebody under a certain circumstance. So my, my, my husband's cousin, first cousin, she's been on section eight. Anyway, she lost that. Now she's in her sixties. She needs to get an apartment.


There's a special needs trust that her parents have set up for her. And in order for her to get into an apartment, she needs to have someone co-signed. Her brother, who is the trustee, refused to do so. and I was wondering, warning, can I, warning, warning, warning. Why would her brother, okay. Who loves her more than you do? He's her brother, for god's sakes, not want to co-sign. He, he, he doesn't love her. Oh God. Yeah. She doesn't mind if she goes home. Yes. No, that's true. I don't believe it. It is totally true. It's from a very dysfunctional family. He's not willing, his wife is telling me he is willing to let her go homeless If.


you have to. Now There's more to this story than you are telling or believing. Well, she, she has a problem. She has personality disorder. Oh, that's why. Yeah, that's right. Okay. She, she's in her sixties. She's never worked in her life. She always put on section eight. She lost that. Who, who is the, who's the custodian of this, of the special needs trust? Her brother. Her Brother. So will you have access to the funds for this apartment or does she have access to the funds? I wanna Right. so what I'm gonna ask if it's okay if that works. If you agree that just the, you know, right. Thing for me to do. No, it's not. and I can try to ask the brother for 14 months of pay in an account to me and then I will transfer that to her monthly.


Is that okay? If funding is available for a whole year, is it safe for me to co-sign? No. Wouldn't. What if she trashes the place? She well, she won't trash the place, but she might, you know, have No, she's not like that. But she will, she might have trouble with neighbors. That's the only, that's the kind of problem she Has. Okay. Or gets kicked out or there's four, has four people over or gets sweet talked in in there. No, she won't Have people over. She'll just like, she loves cats. She'll probably, you know, take Care of break all the rules. Yeah. Rules don't apply to Her. Yeah. That type Of thing. Rules don't apply to her. Yeah. And Judy, we're we're we're gonna tell you no, if if this money's available, then she can get the apartment under her name. You can write the checks every month for her.


If she can't do that, that's fine. But you don't need to cosign. No, just, I feel, but how do I prove to the apartment people that there's money available? Well, you would have to have the money available. Yeah. Print off a statement. Yeah. And Can I show, do I show them what, what do I do? Because we're in California, there's a lot of these places and I don't live at the same town and she does. So it's not easy for me to like, take her somewhere and talk to someone, you know? Well, you get on the phone with the apartment manager and you say, this is what's going on. She has a special needs trust. Brother's gonna send you documentation. He's going to end the documentation, send it to the property manager and say, we'll set aside the first 14 months and go ahead and just prepay the rent for 14 months.


That's fine too. Oh, It's just prepay. Yeah, But you don't co-sign. And they're gonna try to get you to co-sign Because you have a blind spot here, kiddo. This, this lady has is she's gotten a hold of your heart and she's sweet and she does need someone to help her. But we need to define help very carefully. Help involves her behaving. And you're not willing to make that requirement, nor can you make that guarantee based on her 60 years of misbehavior. Right. You're gonna get screwed if you do this. Please don't do it. Okay. It's gonna Go up in flames. so I told The apartment.


Okay, so I told the apartment that I have money, but I need to show some proof, right? That the trust Yeah. The, the, the, the brother's gonna have to send documentation. And by the way, you don't have this money, Judy. You still have to go through a guy that you say doesn't even love her, doesn't care about her, doesn't care if she ends up on the street. That's right. Right. So all of this is like two hypotheticals removed from reality. And let me help you with this. Okay? It's not that he doesn't love her, it's from the 16 times he tried to help her and it burned him and he's done being burned. So he's putting up a boundary that's different than not loving. And you got, you're calling it not love in a dysfunctional family. I'm calling her a dysfunctional person who needs love and help but has burned everything around her to the ground, to the point her own brother won't help her.


You can't put that on him. I'm not gonna let you do it. Yeah. I don't even know him. and I, I'm not gonna let I he's not the jerk in this story. Okay? And there's not a jerk in this story. There's a sad lady with mental illness and you're gonna get burned to the ground when her mental illness activates if you're signed on the documents. Yeah. I don't sign just, I, I don't know, an apartment complex. It won't take your check if, if you got it. So if they won't take your money so she can get her own place. Well, Listen, I'm a landlord. If I know what's going on here, I'm not putting her in there. That's fair. That's Fair. Because prepaying, the rent ain't half my problem. It's the 93 cats that end up in my building. Right. Or all the neighbors or whatever. Or she burns the neighbor's cat live in the front yard.


I don't know what's gonna happen here. Right? I don't know. I don't know what's going on with her. I no, don don't want her as a tenant under any circumstances. Co-signer, prepaid, double paid. No, thank you. Yeah. Life's too short to sign up for drama as a landlord. So that's what you're gonna, that's what you're gonna face on more than anything else. So you're Please, honey, don't, don't confuse this. And you, you're trying to do a nice, good, noble thing in a really naive and unwise way. That was, that was kind. Yeah. That Good. That's the best way to say it. and I, I think this is a bigger conversation, Dave, when you wanna help somebody and you get all these scenarios in your mind and then you spend all these nights and weeks worrying about it, all of this phone call could have been already headed off.


You could have already sat down with your brother. You could have already called an apartment complex and taken all these worrying variables off the table so that you know, okay, here's the final step here. And you probably would've found out a long time ago, you either don't need to do it, be a co-signer or there, nobody's gonna let her live there. You're gonna have to come up with another option. Yeah. Right. But there's always like, well then I'm, I might do this and then after that I'm gonna do, you don't even know if all this is is is gonna happen and you're so spun up about it. Just go find out. Go Find out. I, I co-signed for stuff when I was young and foolish and I ended up paying it. One poor guy co-signed for me. I went bankrupt. He ended up paying it. I had to go back and pay him later. His wife still don't like me. Yeah. 35 years later. So it's okay. It's valid. I mean, I She got screwed. Yeah. They didn't ultimately get, but I mean she thought she did.


And so I get it. I completely get it. Proverbs 1718 says in the scripture, one lacking in sense cosigns for another. When I co-signed Judy, I was lacking in sense. If you cosign this, the Bible says you're lacking in sense. I didn't say get mad at God. Don't do it. That wasn't, that was, that was pretty good. I mean you, you kind of brought the Bible out so there you go. Oh, There we go. Brought the Bible out. Yeah, that, that's the final right there. That's the final One. That's the one. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Kim is in New York. Hi Kim. how are you? Hi. thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up?


So I wanted to know how to save money for a mortgage down payment while you're paying rent. Very hard. It is. Yeah. Are you, how much debt have you got? I can go through the numbers and I can tell you. No, Just how much debt have you got? Just gimme the total. I wanna say about 40,000. How Much of that's your car? Well, to me and my husband's together, it's about he owes six, I owe 16 and he owes about 20. Okay. How much is the car? My car total with the insurance. Just insurance or just the car?


No, the debt on the car. How much debt is on the car? About 16. Okay. Alright. Of your 40 or of your Yeah, of your 40. So half of it's your car. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So here's the simple answer, but it's not a simple answer is when you don't have any debt payments, you'll have more room in your budget. So before you start worrying about saving for a down payment on a house, let's clear the debt off. That may mean selling a car, it may mean taking an extra job. It will mean not eating out. It will mean not going on vacation so that I can get outta debt. 'cause if you didn't have any payments, oh you'd have money to save for your down payment. That's where it comes from.


Your most powerful wealth building tool is your income. Don't give it to somebody else and then you'll have it to save for a down payment. Simple but hard This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing Includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners LT D and ETFs distributed by Foreside Fund services. LSE.


Ah, there's a money and Marriage Date Night virtual event two hour event hosted by Rachel Cruz and our own Dr. John Delony Will CR will feature a lot of incredible parts of our money and marriage getaway. They're gonna be diving into real topics like goal setting budgeting. Sounds like a date night to me. Gosh, you guys, guys are a couple of romantics When I think about like growing up in your house. I can, that's what it feels like. You know what? We never had a single budget committee meeting that with the children. I'm just saying. Alright. There will also be a Q and a so Rachel and John can answer your questions live. This is happening October 29th.


You can attend from anywhere from the comfort of your own living room. You don't wanna miss this one night to refresh your connection and communication. It's 39 bucks is all, it's, it goes up after October 6th. A couple of weeks from now. You can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Money and marriage date night virtual from your home on October 29th. John, you and Rachel, this'll, lemme tell you guys if you don't know, the two of them just sitting back here in the office are a riot. And then we put on a microphone and add a little adrenaline to it just for you guys. They're definitely two riots looking for a place to happen.


And so it's worth the inter, if you just like good comedy, you, you'll enjoy this. 'cause they're a lot of fun. Both of 'em. They're both very quick witted and Very opinionated And and very opinionated and they're right and all that. So they'll help you. She's not always right Dave, They'll help you. No, she's not. Definitely not always, but the, just thinking about, oh well anyway. Yeah. So Rachel Cruz my daughter and Dr. John Delony October the 29th, only $39 ticket prices will go up soon. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. It is a money and marriage date night. There will be serious stuff. I'm not, I'm, I don't wanna overstate the comedy part. It's, it's a very serious topic.


They're gonna go through the details. They're gonna give you something for your money, give you something for your marriage, and go give you something for both of those things working together. Don't miss it. David is in Knoxville. Hi David Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Hi. What's up? Well, my financial advisor has recommended that we shift, I mean we have historically just invested in mutual funds as, as you've recommended. Well, that we shift some money to a separate managed account and just kind of wanted your opinion on that. Well, a managed account in financial advisors parlance is mutual funds.


Well some of this was individual stocks. Okay, well you can do that in a managed account. Well That was, yeah, I I would not do that. I do not do that. and I know more about individual stocks than your financial advisor does. So. Right. And I'm not doing that so No thank you. But a managed account, most of the finance under the new fiduciary rules that came out about three years ago, ERISA just, and the SEC just tore up that industry. And so most of the accounts are now managed accounts, meaning you pay like 1% of the portfolio a year and they manage the entire portfolio and it can be a portfolio of mutual funds.


And that's what most of our smart investor pros use now. Now we do not recommend using single stocks in that. But you can use that approach for mutual funds only is my point. Okay. So, but it, you know, let me, let me tell you the downside and I'm, I'm being critical because, and I don't know your guy. so I could be overstating this when a financial advisor says he can manage stocks better than a billion dollar mutual fund can manage the exact same stocks inside the mutual fund. That screams of arrogance to me. Right. Again, I know enough about it that I could easily make that case that I was going to do that.


But all the data and all the research that I have says I will not outperform the mutual fund with my little single stock portfolio with my little mu with my little financial advisor in Knoxville, Tennessee as my, as my stock picker. No thank you. I'll pass. But if he wants to do the other stuff and I, I would be worried about that in terms of your relationship with him personally. But, but if he wants to run mutual funds, my guy runs managed accounts. I don't personally do that with mine 'cause I'm old school and I've got all my stuff set up. But both my, all my kids run managed accounts with our local smart investor pro. But it's all mutual funds in there. Is it a red flag if you get an out of the blue call from your advisor saying, Hey, we need to, I'm recommending we move it all to X, y, and Z because the, the, the word on the street is that a managed care Managed Account.


Yeah. Managed account advisor will move you to packages where there's some sort of kickback or they get an extra incentive to do so. No, kinda like on a lot they'll move. So if they call you They can't, they can do that and some of 'em will. But, but it is a red flag if somebody starts moving big chunks around because it says that the original thing that they believe they no longer believe. So this is a, it's a philosophical statement sometimes. Yeah, it is. Okay. Alright. It is, it's, it's, there's something new that beats all of the data that we have and I I first, you know, don don't believe it. Okay. Yeah. So, you know, all the data that we have, the average person buying and selling stocks on their own account with their own financial advisor loses money, Can't compete.


Yeah. They Lose money. Right. They not only don't make money, they lose money on average. That's the data. That's actual research. And so years ago, the Wall Street Journal did a p did a funny article that they actually did this. They took the problem is the lack of diversification. 'cause you're picking seven stocks instead of 90 to 200 mutual fund has 90 to 200 stocks in it, which gives you a lot of safety. Versus if you've gotta pick five or three, you're betting the farm on a very narrow ledge here. Okay. So they actually took a monkey and blindfolded the monkey and gave it darts and it threw it at the wall and hit stocks. And they picked those stocks and then they gave the, the stock pickers the right to go pick any three stocks they wanted to pick and come back 18 months later.


The blindfolded monkey beat most of them point being not that the guys are stupid, these are smart people picking these stocks. But when you can only pick three and a mutual fund can have 90 to 200, your safety level goes away. You lose all the power of diversification. And there's an arrogance to it that, that says I can pick the stocks better than a guy running a, an American funds or a Fidelity or a whatever name, whatever, big neutral. Well now it's you sitting in your house thinking or some guy thinking, I can beat these supercomputers. Yeah. With all the AI tech. Like you can't. You Can't. Exactly. Exactly. So the thing is yeah, the, you know, like for instance in a mutual fund, they'll have a whole team of researchers, right?


So you have one guy or gal that comes to work in a car longer than your house. And their only job is to study every detail of the automotive industry all day long for the last 25 years. Or they've sent some guy who lives in South Africa for two years in a, in a, in a, in a mine. Yeah. Talking to the transactions and and you Can't beat that. And, and you know, and you're gonna compete with that with your guy in Knoxville, Tennessee. Right? No you're not. Yeah. Or Nashville, Tennessee or Los Angeles or New York. So because of the specialization of that, the nuances of that, those guys, that guy knows more about the automotive industry than I know. I don't, I mean he, he's gonna pick a better automotive stock and know when to get in and out of Ford based on EVs or whether or not Tesla's gonna burn up or not literally, metaphorically or whatever.


And so, you know, all of that. He's got all he, he's got his finger on all that. And you know, so the mutual funds are just, they've got the best people on the planet and they've got a track record that shows it. And they've got some, they've got some a a net they, they've got You can spread it out, Right? Yeah. It's spread out. Yeah. Spread your portions to seven yes to eight for a disaster may come upon the land. Ecclesiastes. Alright. Ah, freedom. And you're Dropping Bible all day freedom today. Freedom. Freedom is like Keep been on a Bible trip for the last three Weeks. It's almost dead. Yeah. Phoenix, Arizona freedom's with us. High freedom. Oh nope. You're not with us at all. 'cause we're going into a break. See what happens when you don't, when you don't work for a while, you don't even know where your commercial breaks are.


That's how that works. Alright. That feels like we're driving and I'm talking to my friend and you're just looking straight over at the exit That we Just dropped off. No, you're just looking right at the passenger and you know, the passenger's like, Hey look, we're red light, red light, red light. You're just talking all excited quoting scriptures. Here it comes, here it comes dropping Ecclesiastes right in there. Heading straight into commercial break. This is The, Ramsey, Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And What's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance.


When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills middle? How am I the Middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible.


And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com.


thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you are delinquent, nana or Uncle Joe is drowning with you. But there is a way out. Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans other places won't touch and they give you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be available in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Courtney in Washington. Courtney writes, I'm 23 and I've been married for one year. Last night he admitted to me that I, I'm, I'm assuming husband, my husband admitted to me that I'm better with money, meaning I don't like debt and that he spends more than he makes. He gave me his credit card and debit card to hold and asked me to give him an allowance for necessary purchases. He has a bad habit of using credit payment plans and buying too many toys. I don't like the idea of holding his cards and controlling his actions. I understand accountability partnership. But I believe putting limitations on a full grown man will lead to resentment in our marriage. Even if he asks for it. Is his asking me to hold his cards reasonable? If I do hold his cards for a period, what can I do to make those spending habits stay gone?


How do you get so wise at 23 years old? Courtney, you are Courtney. I was about to say the same thing, man. Touchdown. Who is this person? It's amazing. Wow. So I ate, I wanna give, I wanna give, I had this exact conversation. I was probably 26, maybe 25. Like I see the trajectory, I see the things that plagued my family growing up and I'm, I'm on the track and it was kind of like, I need you to drive. Now, in retrospect, I understand that that ended, that started a power struggle between me and my wife that lasted years and years and years. And so I like I, I'm, I'm happy for this dude that he was like, Hey, I'm not doing this right. I like his humility. Yes, there you go. That's the beginning of repentance. Gotta do this thing together. Gotta do it.


She's gotta do it together. Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll start with that. What do you think man? I, I think it's exactly right. I mean, she's onto something here. She doesn't want have a, she doesn't wanna be his mommy. His Mom. That's it. She wants To be his wife. And By the way, husbands, it is very hard to be for your mom to be romantically interested in you. And when you expect your wife to mother you, it does something to the desire and aeros in your home. Don't do that. Right. Work together. He can a cut up the credit card and put his debit card in a drawer and get cash. Carry that Around and the two of you start doing a budget together. Together. And you pinky swear and spit shake that. That's a contract. And I'm sticking to this and that's my accountability.


We are going to work together not because no one should be doing it by themselves. That's Right. Or he can, he can text you and every time he feels like making a purchase just as a, just as a way to extend the gap. Well, no. If it's in the budget, you can make the bud purchase. No, no, no. But when he's, when he's about to impulse buy not in the budget. You can't buy, you can't buy it if it's not in the budget. No, no. I just want him to identify, oh, I'm about to do something stupid. Yeah. And it's just extending that gap between stimulus and response. You could do some of those kinda things I did hand I make, here's the deal. It's about putting in hurdles. But Yeah, I love her sense that she already feels like, Hey, I'm gonna end up his mom. I don't like this. Yeah, Yeah. That's very wise. Way ahead. Yeah. The answer is no, I'm not gonna take this over for you. But yes, we're gonna work together and yes, as two grownups, we're going to agree on a plan that serves our future and serves our present and serves our household and serves our marriage.


And then we're going to stick to that plan as two adults. And when one of us that has an inner child wakes up and wants to go crazy at Costco, you have to stick to the plan. That's right. Because there's hell to pay if you don't stick to the plan. Right. And define what hell is. Right. Hell is you go home and you didn't stick to the plan and your spouse is not gonna be happy with you. And I think it's an important call. I have told people, just give your credit card or give your debit card to your spouse. I was wrong on that. I don't think that's wise. I think what's wiser is if you can't control it, then let's cut up both cards and you carry cash for a while. Yeah. And if go get one reissued when you're ready. Well, Here's the thing. What you need is a reason to control it. When you have no boundary, right. Nothing is written down, then everything's okay.


Right. And that includes, you know, the 92 gallon thing of mustard at Costco, which everyone needs. We know that Drum of mustard Because you can get it on a two-wheeler. Right. And so, you know, but we impulse stupid, but stuff mainly because we don't have a, any price to pay if we do it. And b, there was nothing in line before we got there. It's like, I used to tell my kids, you know, about premarital sex. I said, okay, we're gonna sit down And, we're gonna have a discussion before you end up in the backseat because Yeah. Because if You don't decide before you end up in the backseat, it's over when you get to the backseat. That's right. So you gotta decide before you get to Costco what you're gonna spend.


And I'm not against Costco. I like Costco. We're actually an endorser of theirs. But you know, before you get to the restaurant right. Before you get to whatever, and so you don't come home with a new bass boat and go, look what I did, honey. You know, can I tell you as a, as a former impulse buyer, just a clicker and buyer, I am too. I have to deal with the fact that I was creating a life where I wasn't very alive. Yeah. And if it wasn't that I was flipping channels, it was just a eh kinda life. Yeah. Well it's it's dull. It's dull. And when dull when I addressed that, how can I inject some life into my life? Dude, I don't think about it that often. I remember the first time I went to Sam's and got out without buying anything. I thought it was like a spiritual victory.


I know Dave's out in the parking lot. I'm like, Woohoo. I did it. I got in and out, didn't buy anything. You Know, if we're, I mean, if, if we're celebrating, I went into Home Depot the other day, didn't have what I wanted, and I walked out and bought one thing. You Didn't even buy a tool. That was a huge, huge moment For me. That's a breakthrough. That's breakthrough. Breakthrough. John, I'm proud of you. It was Good. My name is John and I like tools. Yeah. Yeah. The I that's the thing guys. So, but when you have a plan, and here's what changed it for me. I, it's like, okay, I want a good future. I want a good marriage. I wanna be in agreement with my spouse more than anything Costco has, that's The key. Right? And when it's written down and I made a promise, I can't break my promise.


And if you're getting itchy, I don't, I don't get itchy to break my promise underneath the itchy. It doesn't come up. Yeah. I really don't. Now if I get itchy, I just go, I can't do it. It's not in the plan. Yeah. I gotta go do something else. Because The plan supersedes the itch. I like it. You know, I like it. The contract with my wife, the word I gave to her that this is what we're gonna spend our money on so that we freaking have a future. That's It. Now that contract means a whole lot more than that stupid item. That's it. You don't have anything to gauge that item against, like that boundary. Then the, and then all is fair. You just buy everything. Yep. And the same thing's true. Your stupid Amazon button. Click, click, click, click, click submit, submit, submit. Empty the cart into your dadgum front porch.


And there's nothing in your life that's telling you no, there's no budget, there's no plan. There's, well, I can just go make some more money. I'll outearn my stupidity. Submit, submit, submit. Hey, Isn't it interesting The word is submit. Submit. Yeah. I mean it's, they they it's a good bow Down, bow down, down deeply and submit to the Amazon. God, There's a great Instagram reel where there's a guy watching his wife and she's doing yard work or something. And it just is, it's slowly panning. And he said, my goodness, I won the lottery with the most amazing, hardworking, beautiful. And it pan to the front porch and she's stacked up with boxes.


And he is like, good god. That's pretty good. Yeah, that was pretty great. It's Good. So yeah. Courtney, kudos to you at 23 to grasp both of you a very, very good concepts, Humility and wisdom already in this young Marriage. Kudos to him for being humble enough to go at 23. Man, that's a, that's a big manly thing to do, to say, I can't do this by myself. 'cause a lot of 23 year olds desperately don't wanna look like a little boy. And he, he walked in there like a man and said, I need some help. And he turned, he did the wrong thing. And you, you got onto that. But he did the, he did it for the right reasons. And you guys have the ingredients of an incredibly powerful marriage that becomes very wealthy and you've got it at a young age.


So, congratulations. That's a great question. Really, really good. So learning to work together. and I gotta tell you, there's certain segments of our culture, certain demographics, certain races, certain things where it's not unusual that, that mama pays the bills and daddy brings home the bacon. Hmm. And I'm stepping all in that stuff for some of you. 'cause you watched your mama do it, it doesn't mean it's right Or the other side. Daddy does it all and mom doesn't ask any questions. Right? Yeah. Sharon kind of had the, I called it Scarlet O'Hara syndrome. It's like, do whatever you want, do honey. And, and if the children don't have clothes, we'll just use the drapery.


You know, it's like, Remember you gotta work Together, make stuff out the dra show. You gotta work together. Scarlet o' hear syndrome there. It's ugh. Gotta work Together. This is The. Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality host of The Dr John Delony Show PhD in counseling. He's our Ramsey personality. That is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey. Your host The phone number here is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Freedom is with us in Phoenix, Arizona. Hi, freedom. how are you? I'm pretty good. how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm a a baby brand new business owner.


I opened up a concrete company and I was just wondering if I should finance a work truck or, or some heavy equipment or if I should just keep grinding and little by little and pay for it by cash. Hmm. Okay. Well freedom if you listen to the show much, you know, we tell people not to borrow money. And, we don't borrow money. You already knew that before you called, right? Yes sir. Okay. and I run a business. Very temp. I run a business called Ramsey Solutions that started on my card table 32 years ago in my living room. And we're sitting in a, a building in a campus that's worth somewhere around $600 million.


And. we have never borrowed a dime over that 30 years. We've just taken our profits and reinvested and hustled and grind and taken our profits and reinvested the benefits of that. The downside of that is everything goes slower. The benefit is you don't have to do it over 'cause you don't crash every three years, every time something goes upside down. And so I don't, I don't take many steps backwards. All my steps are forward because I don don't borrow money. And so I never get pinched. Covid comes along. I didn't get pinched. I had no debt and a pile of cash. I didn't get pinched. Other people doing what I'm doing are out business. 'cause they couldn't cash flow their payroll when the government shut 'em down.


Okay. And so you gotta pay those payments on that bulldozer, dude, whether you can use it or not, because, well, I was gonna say weather, but in Phoenix there's no issue. But yeah, it's not like it's gonna be a rain problem for you. But anyway, the but yeah, something else happens. Goes sideways in a, maybe a presidential election and the market slowed down or something and you couldn't get work. You gotta pay the payments anyway on that dozer and it'll take you down. so I would tell you to grow slower and more surefooted. Some people would call it sustainable. and I would just use your your name as my guidance. I don't wanna give up my freedom. I don't.


But it's frustrating As a business owner, I will tell you there's been times over the years that I wanted to do something that I really, really, really thought was a good idea. Business-wise. and I didn't have the money and I couldn't do it 'cause don don't borrow money. But then something come along six months later that'll make me know, oh, that's why I wasn't able to do that. I would've been up a dad gum creek if I'd have done that. And the other thing that happens when you borrow money in business, how, how long you been doing this Concrete? I just opened it up like a month ago. Okay, so you got a lot of energy and enthusiasm right now, right? Yes, but I'm, I'm very, I'm trying to get a little discouraged because it is just me.


I'm just a one man guy trying to do It's Aman job. It's hard. That's the hardest part of business until you get it up. You get up to about 10 people where other people are doing some of the work. It's nice. I'll tell you ahead of time. But even borrowing money into that won't work 'cause you'll go sideways. So here's what happens. Let me ask you this. As an entrepreneur, I'm a fellow entrepreneur. Every morning when I take my dog for a walk on the golf course, every morning when you take a shower, those of us that are entrepreneurs have six or 700 ideas by the time we get to work. I got an idea a minute. Do you? Every, every Hour. Okay, there you go. Alright. so I can tell you from 30 years of doing this, that 90% of my brilliant early morning cup of coffee ideas when implemented suck, I have survived in business.


90% of my ideas I've made everything that you've heard of Dave, Ramsey, all the money, all the brand recognition, all the celebrity or whatever it is you wanna call this crap that I do, I've done all of it on about 10% of ideas. You guys all know me. For the 10% that worked, if I had borrowed money on the 90% that didn't work, I would be buried in bankruptcy many times over. Because when you borrow money, you magnify your stupidity. And that's what's coming. So please, I'm giving you my best sales pitch. I bought it. I bought it. Please don't give up your freedom.


Please move a little slower. Go make you some money, bust it, bust it, bust it, get you some hires where you're not doing it by yourself. Get you a piece, rent a piece of equipment, turn it back in, rent a piece of equipment, turn it back in, and, and then go buy you a used one that the guy who went into debt had to turn into the repo lot and go buy it off the re go buy you a used one off the repo lot for the last guy that thought he had a great idea in your world. And it, it's everything man. It's everything. It changes. 80% of small businesses fail in the first five years. And the number one reason for failure, they say is cash flow. Cash flow is starved by two possible things in small business.


Not paying your freaking taxes and setting your sales tax aside and going in debt and having payments. When you have payments and no revenue, that's called cash flow problems. And you go out of business, it, it turns your dream into a nightmare. I think the best I I, as I travel around the country the last four or five years in meeting small business owners especially, we See 'em all the time with entree all the time. Entree Leadership, I I to a person who runs their business like this, there's this, it's the, it's the Bubba Gump shrimp scenario that when they don't have any payments, something comes along as a storm of some sort and they're the only boat left in the harbor. Oh, and they get all of it right?


Yeah. We, we have entree leaders come up for special luncheons up here sometime and I just hear it over and over. We're the only ones in my neighborhood or my city that made it through Covid on this particular weird little niche. And now we have all the market share. Well, and you got all the their, they're employees. That's, We got everybody, we got all the Expertise Hand pick the, that's where the Best ones we got. We buy their equipment at pennies on the dollar. So you You, it's like you drive a mini Mini inventory, You drive a minivan, then you get it All. I've done it over and over and over again over the years and, and you know, the fastest way to get rich quick is don't, Is don't. Yeah. And, but there's, there's a moment. You just show up and show up and show up and then a moment happens and you're the right place. Yeah. But it is, it is frustrating. Freedom. So frustrating. Yeah, it's Frustrating 'cause there's something in front of you and everything in your brain says it's gonna work and you gotta try it and you gotta try it.


And only after it doesn't work. Do you know why it didn't work? Yeah. And so you don't know what you don't know. And when you borrow into it, you magnify your stupidity. I've been so tempted so many times. I could tell you 25 stories, but I don't have time of times that I alm I really, really, and then I, eight months later I go, oh well there you go. God protected me again. I thought I was gonna go down and I just 'cause I always just say, Hey, alright God, if you want me to do this, you gotta send some money. 'cause I don't have any. You got some. And if he doesn't send money, I figure he don't want me to do it. Yeah. Ta-da. That's your money when I was Applying. That's a person of faith. If you don't, if you're not a person of faith, you don't have that option. You're just kind of yelling at the sky at that point.


But, but in my case, I'm just, I truly believe God owns this. and I truly believes if he wants us to have a computer, he'll give us the money to buy the computer. He wants us to have a building. He'll give us the money to buy the building a bulldozer a whatever it is. And, and until he does, something's not right. Something's not aligned yet. And I'm waiting on that frustrates the crowd outta me. 'cause I really do wanna be God and it's his job. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years, gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Hey Guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget. With our budgeting app, EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way from your first budget To that retirement home on the beach, download EveryDollar for free on the App store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the App store or Google Play Today.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host Today, the best way to win at something is to do it on purpose. Very few times do people accidentally win. You don't accidentally become wealthy. You execute a plan step by step over a period of time. You don't accidentally have a good marriage. You execute a plan step by step over time. You don't accidentally raise great kids. It doesn't happen. It's a process. It's an intentional act. This thing called success. And the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a plan, a monthly budget. EveryDollar the world's best budgeting app, makes it simple to plan your spending, track your expenses, follow the baby steps, plan out every paycheck, be in agreement with your spouse, get out of debt.


We teach you how to do every bit of it. Download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play and click the link in the description. If you're listening to YouTube or a podcast. Finn is in Detroit. Hi, Finn Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thanks for having me. Sure. What's up? Yeah, so I'm 22. I graduated a year early to not go into debt. I'm looking at a career change into counseling and psychology. So I'm looking at going to grad school for counseling, work in clinical psychology. Right now I have A career changed. Did you even start your other career?


No, no. I was interested in, I'm a big photographer. so I was interested in photojournalism and, and realize that traveling around all the time wasn't that sustainable. Okay, so you got a degree currently in what? Political science, Which has nothing to do with any of this. Okay. Yep, yep. Okay. Yep. All right. Yeah. All right. So you wanna go? You wanna go? We need some more good mental health professionals. So good on you. so what are you thinking about doing? Yeah, yeah, so I'm interested in a master's in counseling or social work and have been considering the possibility of trying to get into a doctoral program in clinical psych because those are funded programs.


Now, ultimately, I need the background and the experience to get into those programs. In the meantime have been volunteering in psychology labs. But imagine that if I can get into a master's program, I need the capital to be able to pay for that program. So right now I have about 22,000 saved. Where'd you get that? And from saving them working throughout high school and college. Good For you, man. Well Done. What's the master cost? Yeah. So what's the master's cost? About 35, probably. So Depending on the program, you, you can go for 30, you can go for 50, you can go for 80. A program like University of Michigan costs 80 in state, which is kind of crazy in my opinion.


Yeah. And then if you go for kind of a lesser tiered program, but you're still getting them, the letters next to your name can be between 30 and 40. Do you know where my, the, the woman that I see for a therapist, she knew where she went to school? No, I have no idea. None. Yeah. When I was at, when I was at Belmont University, all the therapists who worked for me there, you know, they went to school. don don't know. They're amazing therapist. And so my guess is a school like University of Michigan is gonna be very research heavy. And it's probably funded, it's probably got a whole bunch of other steps to it. If you wanna go be a research psychologist and less about working with people and more about learning statistics and learning, how about people and spending your life in a lab be an amazing school to go to.


And you'll have to find out one of those funded PhD programs. If you wanna just go be a a, a social worker or, or clinical counselor in your local community, which is an, it's an amazing job, dude. Go to the, the best program in your community that you can afford and I strongly recommend. See if you can get a job at the university. 'cause those almost always come with some sort of tuition discount. And even better, if you can get a job in residence life, you get to live your mission. You get to work with all kinds of people going through all kinds of struggles and challenges. That's crazy. Like a crazy college student. I'm just saying. It Is wild. But that's, that's when their family issues and their psychology issues and their emotional issues come up and addiction, all kind of stuff. But also it comes to free housing too.


So those, that'd be what I would recommend you do. I want you to go to grad school. It's what I did. I love it. And for my graduate counseling degree, I found the partnership with university that would, that would fund it. And it was different than my, my other PhD that I paid for outta pocket and I borrow it outta pocket and it nearly buried. Yeah. How are you? Yeah. How would a university get you those kind resources? What are you looking for? I'm looking for, for you and your situation. I'm looking for any job I can get on a college campus that has a tuition reimbursement Janitor. Yeah. Anything Like Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Ra. Yeah. Resident assistant in the dorm.


Anything You can do If it give, if it gets you in their program and cuts the tuition in half and now you've got 30 turning into 15, they're paying you and you've got 22 in the bank. Ding ding. We're done with the masters. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And at this point, like in terms of investments on the site, I mean, no, The best investment you can make is you. It's you. Okay, gotcha. Because here's what I want you to do, and Here's what you do with investments. You're looking for ROI, sorry, John. No, go ahead. Yeah. What's the ROI on? 80 grand versus 30 grand. That's what we're looking at. What's the return on investment? Okay. John's telling you it's not there on the 80.


Yeah. Yeah. He, and he's got a PhD in counseling. You just called the right guy. I Have a PhD in DUMB. You don't need my opinion. But here, here's the other thing I want you to do. I, I want you to go through this program. I started with a very particular group of people that I wanted to work with. I ended up in a radically different place because I had to do practicums and internships and I had different professors and I met different professionals along the way. If you get out and you owe $30,000 or $50,000 and you know, clinical counselor starting out, don't make a ton of money, then you are gonna have to do not what you want to do, what you are, feel passionate about, what you feel called to do, you're gonna have to do whatever they tell you to do.


and I want you. I want a world of therapists out there that are not beholden to a bank, but are beholden to their communities. That's what I really, really want. Right? 'cause they're free to help everybody and anybody not. They have to. They have to pay their bills first. And that's heartbreaking for me. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So go get 'em in, get that master's degree. Just don't borrow money. You seem like a person talking to you. That 22,000 in the bank. You ran the, you ran this course already. You knocked out three years. You seem like a person that is very much a pragmatist, very practical in your view on things. I'm gonna encourage you to lean into that. Everything we're telling you to do is right with who you already are. And shoot weddings on the side.


Shoot weddings all weekend. You'll make cash. Get your camera out, man. Yeah. Go make some money. Shoot weddings all Saturdays, all Sundays, all Friday nights when you're in grad school and just work, work, work, work, work. You'll get it out, man. Good. Good on you, dude. That's good. That's excellent. You'll hear a lot of undergrads coming out with $22,000 in the cash in the bank. That's fantastic. In Three Years. In three years. Yeah. Knock it out. That's a hard worker. He did, he did it to stay out of bed. That's right. Yeah. I, I wanted out of school, Man. I'd go back tomorrow. I wanted, I I had no desire to stay. I mean, I was working 60 hours a week and I all I wanted was out. so I could focus on work and God, man, it was so hard. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five.


John, let's circle back because if you, someone just tuned into this for the first time, John has a PhD in counseling, a PhD in higher ed. And he was serving as dean of students, several different universities when he came here. Okay. He was at a local university, is how we found him. And. we knew he could do this job. And it, it is turned into a massive hit. And so he and I have had this discussion. He's actually featured before we hired him in our documentary on student loan debt called Borrowed Future that you can watch for free now on YouTube. And so John and I have had this discussion many times I have done, I I've searched and searched and searched and searched and cannot find a single piece of research that is, that is credible that says where you went to school is correlated with your level of success in any field.


The, the the, the research that exists there talks about, it's less about the institution and more about the people you who also go to that institution. So the, basically the research says if you can get into some of these top, top, top, top, top tier schools, where you will benefit over the long haul is who your classmates are. 'cause they're gonna go start businesses and they're gonna go become these fans and they're gonna call you 'cause y'all are pals and your buddies. And you call the guys that you know and you went to school with. But for The number of times the people say, I want a cancer doctor because he went to that School that, that's saying for 99% of Us, I almost zero. Almost zero. Get out, untethered, get, please go to college. And I'm high on college. You know that Dave, but go untethered, get out. So you don't own anybody. I want a doctor that is not beholden to anyone.


But what is right? I want a therapist or a pastor who's not beholden anybody. But what is right There it is. This is The Ramsey Show. You know, my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being reactive. We have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions.


Ivermectin the life-Saving Medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat, and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey for 15% off. That's promo code Ramsey at urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey.


Hey You guys, Rachel Cruz here. There's no secret that a marriage gets stronger when you invest time in it. And money and marriage getaway hosted by me and Dr. John Delony is the perfect way to do that. This three day event in Nashville is for couples to leave their busy schedules behind and learn how to win with money, grow in their connection, and strengthen their communication. Our fall event is already sold out, but the next one is happening over Valentine's 2025. And you can still get tickets for $799 a couple if you hurry. If you're working through the baby steps and a getaway just isn't the right move right now, do not worry. We are going to be bringing you a taste of the getaway to the comfort of your couch with money and marriage date night, a one night virtual event on October 29th.


That will refresh your connection and communication, especially over the stressful holiday season. But hurry, because early bird prices are $39 until October 6th. Get your tickets for all money and marriage events at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Dr. John Delony, Ramsey personality is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Mercy is with us. Hi Mercy. how are you? I'm doing good, Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. Where do you live? I live in Temple, Texas. Cool. Welcome to Nashville. thank you. And how much debt have you paid off Mercy? I Have paid off $18,000.


Good for you. And how long did that take? It took me around nine months. Dave. Good for you. And your range of income during that time? 42,000. 42,000. Okay. And what kind of debt was the 18,000? That was my car, Dave. Yay. Alright, mercy, how old are you? I'm 29 years old. Cool. And what is your country of origin? I hear an accent, right? I was born and raised in Kenya and I moved to the States three and a half years ago. Three And a half years ago? Yes sir. Okay. And 18 months ago, half that time you started working on getting, no. Nine months ago you started getting outta debt. You paid off 18,000 in debt. So how does a girl in Texas from Kenya run into the Ramsey stuff and decide to get out of debt?


Yeah, so I joined the military last year. Ah, January. Thank you for your service. Thank you. And then I, my first duty station, foot, foot, Cavazos, Texas, I got there. I needed a car and I did what I thought I should do. Got a card on payments. And then I think less than two weeks later, I ran into Rachel on Instagram and I liked her message. so I looked into it and I found The, Ramsey, Show. And ever since that day, I have not missed an episode. so I just got fired up. This is how I was, what you teach is really how I was raised. Like, if you don't have the money, you don't buy it. Mm. So that, wait a minute. They teach you common Sense in Kenya.


Wow. Yes. Yeah. so I thought, you know, it just clicked and then the teachings from the Bible as well. So that resonated with me. and I decided this debt had to go. And then that's when I just started double the payments, triple living on nothing, rice and beans. And on April 30th I became debt free. Way to go. I'm so proud of you. Thank you. Who was cheering you on along the way? So my family in Kenya, my son Jeremy, my family, my American family in Colorado. And then after I became debt free, debt free, I met my boyfriend Tony, who's also doing the Dave Ramsey plan.


And he has been cheering me on baby step three. And. we, here we are today. All right. Yeah. Very cool. Way to go, Tony. Good stuff. Good stuff. Okay. Tell me how this thing works. I, 'cause you're, obviously, you've been here only three and a half years, you joined the military. How does that work with your citizenship? don don't know. So once you join, first of all, you acquire permanent residency and then that's when you're able to join and serve. And then through the military is when I got my citizenship last year in June. All right. Yes. Awesome. Wow. That's a, that's a good deal. thank you. Very cool. Good for you. I'm proud of you. Yeah. How's it feel to be free Again, It's, it's weightless. I, I cannot explain it.


Like going to doing my budget every month and not seeing that extra payment that I would've paid the car dealership. It, it just, it feels, it's surreal. Like I have so much money and yeah, that $500 back is, is everything. And then also being able to, my sister and I are cash flowing my grandmother's house in Kenya, so. Wow. That, that's, that has been a blessing. And my grandmother raised us after, I lost my mom when I was 10. And that has been, it's been a Blessing. So you're able to buy her a house now? Yes. We, we are building a House. You're building it by cash? Yes. Okay. Yes. How long will it take to build it? Oh, We're almost done actually.


And by December she'll be in the house and we started as soon as I, right before I became debt free. And then it's been more money. Just chunk it on it. Yeah. How old is your grandmother? Oh, Close to 80. Wow. Yes, You're special. thank You. You're not even, you're not even real mercy. This is amazing. This is so extraordinary. Yeah. I mean, Americans, y'all gotta hear this. She just traded an $18,000, $500 car payment to, and built her grandmother a house as a result in Kenya. That's the, who raised her that, you know, That's, that's legacy right there.


Wow. That's what's the picture? What's the house? So that's, that was our whole ho house. That's where you grew up? That that's where I grew up here. Yeah. Okay. I was, I think built And now you built her a new house. Yes. Yes. Alright. I'm so proud of You. thank you. You're amazing. That's the new house. Oh, there's the, oh wow. That's house. That's pretty great. Look at the roof on that. That's amazing. Well, those of you that aren't on YouTube look deeply into your radio, but Yeah. Oh, my gosh. So, mercy Mercy, I, I, I ran track in college and the vast majority of my teammates were from Kenya. And it was two years, which Means you were the slowest guy on the team Used to call me maga. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. By far then.


So there was this understanding they got here and there was so much opportunity and so much wide-eyed and how much, how can I participate right away right now? And it feels like this idea that, oh, you can just get it all right now, don't worry about it. We'll get it later. That got you the car payment. Yep. But Right. So if you, if you don't know, if you don't know how insidious this stuff is, everything's shiny and new. And this isn't just people who come from, from other foreign countries. This is all of us who are looking at our neighbors looking around. We see these shiny new things, And, we get so taken with them that I want it right now. Yep. And there's all these plans for, oh, that's a problem for future you.


Right. The, the you right now needs this, right? Yeah. What do, what do you tell somebody that is just looking around seeing all this opportunity, but they don't know that it's not really real. Right. Right. So that's also a big thing that just not, I think sacrifice for me would be the biggest one, just knowing that, you know what, it's not When Dave says you're driving and the guy, the car next to you is really nice and big and you want it, but it's all payments. So that, that really, I I got it. and I said, I'm not going to feel jealous or want a life that I cannot afford. I will do this brick by brick. And yeah. So like you say, we get here and we're told you have to have a credit score.


You have to have a credit card. And you know, we all believe that until, because they say that's the only way. But no, it's not the only way. There's a better way. You know, Mercy's a hero. You know who the real hero is? The grandmother that raised that. I'm telling you, the grandmother that created that. I'm telling you, man, That woman, that's who we need to get on the air. Sheesh. It's really amazing. You're amazing Oh. My gosh. This is wonderful. Will you do me, do me and Dave an honor? Yes. Can you do a debt free scream as Swahili? This will be the first one ever. Yes. And then you can do one if you wanna do another one in English. But if you wanna do this Swahili. I've never have, we never had a Swahili free scream or free scream, have We? No, for sure we haven't. Would you do that? That would be amazing.


I would love that. I would love to do both. I'm so proud of you. You're, you're absolutely amazing. I'll tell you this before we do that, that all the data that we have says that someone who comes to this country from another country, legally, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pronunciate that care, pronounce it carefully like she did, comes here under the law. You are four times more likely to become a millionaire than someone who is born in America. There's a lot of supposition on why that might be so. But some of it is, is that, you know, you, you actually appreciate the fact that we have freedom and opportunity. Hmm. And you're gonna take advantage of it. Hmm.


And so you have a high likelihood, a much higher likelihood than maybe someone else that sits next to you there at the, you know, at the post becoming a millionaire because of what you're doing. And now add, add the Ramsey stuff to that. The debt-free stuff to that work ethic. Got this woman's going. Oh, it's amazing. Geez. It's amazing. All right. Mercy from Temple Texas. What a story. $18,000 paid off in nine months, making 42 from Kenya. We're gonna start it out with Swahili. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream Tattoo. Billy Moja.


I love it. Yeah, That was rad Thank you for that. That was, that was a gift to me. thank you Thank. you Good? Call John. Good call. All right. You wanna do an American one too? Yes, sir. All right, let's do one English. English dingle. All right, here we go. All right. 3, 2, 1. I'm dad free. Wow. Yeah, baby. Woo. Oh and I built my grandmother a house too. Wow. Amazing Mercy. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


For those of you on YouTube and on podcasts, this will be our last segment for the day. You can pick up the other segment that we're going to do on The Ramsey Network app, and you can join it for free. Just go to Ramsey Solutions or go to download the network app on Apple or Google Play or whatever. And you can join it free and you listen to all the whole show. Or you can listen to the last segment. whatever you want do. It's all there for free. From The Ramsey Network app. You can also enter questions. This question comes from The Ramsey Network app. To ask a question without ever having to call in, you can click the link in the show notes or download the app for free. Once you're in the app, you can navigate to The, Ramsey Show. Click ask a question and submit your question for the show.


Alright. The question is from Brianna says, I was one month from my lease being up and I had to leave early due to a domestic violence incident. I notified the property management company and sent them the email with proof of the protection order. But just the other day I went to check my credit and they put a $4,000 debt into collections. I'm appealing it, but if that doesn't work, should I just pay it? Okay. What, what happened to you is wrong and horrible, but it does not release you from a lease. A protection order does not get you out of a lease. You're, you're appealing to their mercy at that Point. Yeah. If they want to let you out, if you, you were working, if you were one of my tenants, I would let you out.


But you're, you can't just send them the email and go, I'm out. It's not a get outta jail free card, no pun intended. So you, you know, you, you are liable for that last month. I don't know how it got to $4,000 for one month. You had one month left on the lease and now they're going to $4,000. I'm not sure what flip were you renting, but, Or they added a bunch of fees Or late fees Yeah. Or something. Or maybe the bozo stayed behind Torch the place. I don't know. I don't know what happened here. But you are still liable even though you had a protection order, even though you sent an email that does not, this is not a one way thing where you just go, oh, I'm out. No, you're not out.


Unless they choose to let you out and they didn't respond, you don't have a response from them. Or at least you didn't mention it. If you do saying we're gonna let you go. If you've got that response, then you owe zero because they said we're gonna let you go so that you're, you're free. But I don't think you got that. I think you just sent this to them and you thought that got you out. That's the way this is worded anyway. And it does not get you out. I'm not an attorney, but it doesn't get you out. So you know what I would do, don don't know if you need to appeal it. I would just call the property management company. I, I'd go in person. If you're in the, if you're in the town, go over there and try to meet with a senior person. Yeah. And see if you can negotiate.


You, you're gonna have to pay some money because you, you know, you just kinda walked, you, you were in a horrible situation. You needed to leave. I'm not telling you you did something wrong, but the assumption that you made that it got you outta the lease was incorrect. Right. And so you, you're gonna owe some money now you gotta go figure out what and what you can settle it for. If it's a $4,000 of legitimate charges or a bunch of 'em that are just beefed up or whatever, you might settle it for that equal to that one month's rent. And, but you're gonna end up paying something. I think. I don't think the judge is gonna go, oh well you had a protection order. You don't have to honor your contract. It's like saying I got a protection order so I have to pay my car payment.


No, that's not how it works. So sorry. You know, you're gonna end up paying something Brianna and I. The sooner you can get to somebody and get a settlement negotiation begun, you're better off to do it in person. And you're better off to do it with the actual people, not the stupid lawyers. But if you can get that pulled off, that's gonna be your best route. 'cause you're not gonna get out of dodge on this without paying something. Joe's in Chesapeake, Virginia. Hi Joe, how are you? Hey Dave. How's it going? Better than I deserve. What's up? So beginning of this year we decided to, my wife and I decided to take our debt seriously. And now we have paid off $30,000 in student loans and credit card debt.


Good for you. Mostly from my, my job and I've been fixing and flipping lawnmowers, trucks, equipment, tractors, all kinds of stuff. Cool. How Much money you make doing that? Honestly, normally about four to $5,000 a month. Wow. Good for you. Yeah. You're good At this. Yes sir. Yep. I've been working, working hard. I'm, I'm a Caterpillar mechanic that, that's my career. So yeah, I just kind of, you know, buy, buy what I can and fix it up. Well, you know how to turn, you know, you know how to turn a wrench. Good for you, man. Yes sir. Yep. My question is, I'm, I'm at the point where I need to start my, my emergency fund, three to six month emergency fund.


Good. And I've been looking at the high yield savings account and I see that the rate of return is, the one I found that I applied for was 5.31%. My mortgage, I only owe 119 on it. The house that we built ourself. And the interest rate on that is 4.3%. So my question is, why should I not just put all of my income into the high yield savings account as long as the rate of return is greater than the interest owed. And once I, 'cause if you make 1% on $100,000, it's a thousand dollars.


You don't have a thousand dollars problem. You have $119,000 problem. The secret to paying off your mortgage is not making 1% spread on a high yield savings account. The secret to paying off your mortgage is do what you did with the 30,000 and it's pay off your mortgage. Okay. The actual math, the actual math of what you're, of this theory that you're running won't buy you a biscuit. Okay. That's what I'm saying. So you're making more money on tractors than you'll make on this in a week. You follow me? Yes sir. If you got a hundred thousand at 5% and a hundred thousand at 4%, the spread is 1%.


1% of $100,000 is $1,000 per year. You make that in a week. Flipping tractors. Okay. So it's not, it's not enough. It's not enough to screw with. It's, it's, so just pay off your mortgage, get your emergency fund done, and then go ahead and go through the baby steps four, five, and six and you'll be in great shape, man. Yeah. and I, I like to take that a thousand bucks and divide it monthly and 80, $83. That's your sleep tax. And you'll more than make that back $83 a month To sleep deeper than you've ever slept in your life. 'cause nobody can take your house away. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just pay it off as fast as you can. Just nail it. Hammer, do it. Do it, do it. Do it. Don't mess around with it.


Don't play games. Good for you. Good question. All right. Sam's in Syracuse. Hi Sam, how are you? I'm good, Dave. how are You? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hey, so I kind, I feel like it's a dumb question, but you're In the right place. I have Been A couple of dumb guys. We got you. Hey. So I've been with my girlfriend now for almost a little over a year. I accumulated a large solid debt before I got with her while I was in the military. and I want to move forward with our relationship.


We've, we've discussed it for the last, you know, two months or so. I have the money set aside for the ring. How much I, about 3,500 bucks. How much in debt do you have? I would say it's roughly around 50,000. And what's it on? It's a, it's a few things. So one of 'em is a credit card, which is 25. One is from a repo from a previous relationship. What do you make a year? I'm Actually, I make about 65 a year. I would say I pull about You 24 4226.


26. Okay. Like, almost like I've done this before. Okay. And you're, you're saying, you're saying you wanna wait to get out debt to get married. I, and that, that's the thing is like I, I've, you know, I've heard a few different answers to that question that I have. Unless they're this answer, they're wrong. don don't, the correct answer is get married. Okay. If you're pledged to get outta debt and she's pledged to get out debt with you and you're aligned and in agreement on your money, get married. That's one of the big reasons why I fell in love with her is, you know, I I was very open And honest money, but don't tell her I think I've got 50,000. Tell her I have $49,462 in debt and it's exactly this.


And this is exactly what I'm gonna do to get out because I'm the kind of man you wanna marry. 'cause I'm getting this done. I'm a go-getter. That's who you need to be. Don't gimme, I, I think I make, I think I'm in. Get it exact and kill it. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad. A bing bad a boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.