
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Dr John Delony. And we are answering your questions about life, money, relationships, career, anything and everything. So give us a call at Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. All right, we're gonna go to the phones and is it Torin from Boston? Hey, Welcome to The Show. Hey guys. thank you guys for taking my call. Absolutely. Is it Torin? Did I get that right? Yep. That that's perfect.


Awesome. How, can We help? What's Up? So I'm an 18-year-old and I'm a senior in high school this year, and I wanted pretty much advice on what to tell my parents about college. I've been watching you guys for a while now, and I know the biggest thing was, you know, don't go into debt, don't take out loans. If you can try and cash flow it. So I figured I would want to go to a cheaper school. I was in Massachusetts, so it's community college is free. So I figured I would go there and I could transfer to a state school where it's an a hundred percent acceptance rate. After out of the community college I wanted to go to, and my parents were very against this idea. They wanted me to go play a sport in college and go to a private university. Okay. They told me that like, debt doesn't matter.


And yeah, I just wanted to make sure, you know, I was making the right decision because they don't agree with it. They said, are they paying for it? Yeah. I went to community college. No, they're not paying for it. Yeah, they don't get a vote. Then I brought that up, but they said they're gonna be kicking me out, so I'll have to pay for housing. They also like take the car and my phone away. I mean, if they wanna throw a grownup temper tantrum, that's like the, that's like the most babiest thing I've ever, like, they Wait, I, yeah, I wanna know more why that's so, that's so, that's so that feels very extreme. Like it's one thing if your parents kinda like, turn their nose up at community college 'cause they're very educated New England course. I totally get that. Yeah. That's, it's like, oh my gosh. Can't believe you're gonna go to community college, but to kick you out and take your car on your phone. I mean, that's a, Or if they said Is, is there a religious element to this?


Like a, like to go to a Catholic school? No, I don't know. Or like any level of like a religion conviction there. No, I don't really understand why. They just said it would look bad on a resumes and I think I'm making the wrong decision. They said I was being pretty rude about it. So I think that's why Well, if, if, if I, I, I have no problem with a parent saying, Hey, as for me and my house, you're going to this school and we're paying for it, and if you wanna go somewhere else, you're on your own. I I have no problem with that at all. That happens all the time. And if they say, Hey, in this house we go to Harvard and so we've created this fund and you're going to Harvard if you get in, I'm, I have no problem with that. If they tell you, you will not go to that school that you can afford, which is free, you will go take out loans and put yourself behind for the next 15 years of your life or 20 years of your life, depending on what private school you go to.


And if you don't do that, we're gonna take your cell phone night, we're gonna take our ball and we're gonna go home. We're not playing with you anymore. That just sounds like real childish, immature behavior because, because what they're doing is they're, they're asking you to have all the skin in the game and they're just gonna sit on the sidelines and holler at you. I, I thought the same thing. I don't, I don't really know what their, their plan was for it. Is this Yeah. Is this outta character for them? Like, were you shocked by this? Or is this like, oh yeah, I can see mom and dad doing this. I already knew that they didn't want me living there after I was 18. They said they would help me out a little bit before it was definitely out of character for them to like, to, once they kind of like said, like my mom said I could keep the car.


My dad was very against keeping the car after that. But were You being a jerk dude, the car, were you being an 18-year-old just like a turd? Or are you being kind and thoughtful? I will admit for like the first like 30 minutes to talk about, I was very kind and peaceful and then I started to, I I was, I wasn't not as nice as I should have been to them All right. Yeah. Yeah. I spent my whole career working with 18 year olds. Go tell your parents you're sorry. All right. Go be respectful. 18-year-old son and say, Hey, I got fired up and I acted like a kid and I'm sorry, I do not want to go into debt for college. and I respect your, I I respect you want your kids, you wanna be able to tell your friends that your kid graduated from this college and I, I get that. You don't, you don't like this. Don't Say that. That's disrespectful, isn't It? I know. That was me just having a little bit, A little, but like, like she wants to be able to go to Bridge Club and tell like, well, my kid is, and Rachel, we used to call it, we used to call it the, we used to call it the soccer mom scholarship.


I worked at one university. We would lose students, we would give somebody a half scholarship or, or I'm sorry, our, the tuition was, I'm making up a number 20 grand. Yeah. And they would go to another school that cost 50 grand, but they got a $1,000 JV soccer scholarship and we would lose them. Which is a Right, it's a, it's, it's a $30,000 a year move or 120 do thousand dollars move To play JV soccer to say So that, so that parents could be like, oh, my, my kid's playing on a soccer scholarship. Yeah, right. It costs them money, like six figures. Right. It's a thousand dollars scholarship. True. But I, I would tell your parents, Ari, and then you have to make an 18-year-old decision. All Right. Yeah. And torn, lemme say this too. Okay. And John's the education nerd, he loves education.


So he can maybe back me up on this just, just for perspective. So you're in Boston and I, we have friends that came from that area and the way, even the, the northeast, I would say even specifically the way they view education, there is a, there is a high premium, high regard. Like it is, it is everything. When you come to the south, it's important. Say it, say it, Rachel. It's Important, but it's not life. Like, like there's a belief of like, you can scratch and claw and start a business and be as successful as the guy that has the college degree. Like, or that, you know, I mean, whether you go to college or not, there's kind of a mike row. Like just kind of get in there and you, you figure it out and you can still be successful, but it doesn't have this air about it.


Which I'm not saying all New Englands have that, but I, but I do think as an 18-year-old that's growing up in that environment, I mean, you're in Boston, like it's so, just know there's a world outside of that. Sure. Not that we have it right, necessarily. I'm not saying that, but but you can be successful. You can meet people and network outside of a college. Like there are ways to live life that is not one path of just, it has to be this prestigious education. If you don't get this, it's gonna look bad on resumes. You're never gonna get a job, you're gonna be homeless and you're gonna die. Like that's not the, that's not the route, that's not right. So just know there is, there is more to life outside of possibly the bubble in which education is talked about in your family and For whatever it's worth the, but John loves it, so just maybe He'll, he'll talk.


No, I love, but I've, I've got a, I've got a, I think one of the most mission-minded institutions in the United States is, can be found inside of community colleges and for whatever it's worth. My mom, Dr. Delony, the first Dr. Delony was my mother who graduated in her fifties with her PhD, started at a community college as a tenured full professor. Yeah. Right. So, so you can, here's what you can do with a community college education. Anything you want to Yep. Period. Maybe you have to work harder to get job number one. Fine. But by the way, you're gonna transfer out, right? You'll go to a state school or to a private, wherever you end up on a transfer out, right? Yeah. There's a, yeah, there's a program called Mass Transfer and it guarantees acceptance as well as some other scholarships.


As long as you maintain a certain grade point average in a community college, man. Yeah, that's good. And, and You're right on, bro. And you know, and for fun too, Torin, like, just run some numbers on the ROI of the private college that you'd go into debt for average interest rate on a student loan. How long that would probably take you to pay off when you, if you got outta school with an average, maybe an above hour average salary, let's say run those numbers out, having to repay that, starting in a financial hole significantly. Six figures probably for the school versus getting through it debt free, doing the free community college, working, saving up, graduating from state school, starting off and starting to invest the moment you get your first paycheck because you're gonna have money and not be in a hole financially from the math perspective, who comes out ahead?


Oh, Yeahinteresting Especially. Interesting. Especially getting started. Alright. Yeah. And, and for everybody listening, Good for you to, I'm, I'm proud of you for think outside the box, but be nice to your parents. Be Yeah. Be respectful. The treat your parents with dignity and for everybody. I love private schools. I, I've worked at multiple private schools. I would love for my kids, like I love private schools. I just don't like parents lobbing grenades at their kids and saying, Hey, to prop us up, you go do this thing that's gonna cost you 10, 20 years of your life for making us feel good. I don't like that. Yeah.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY to learn more and while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Up next we have Linda in Dallas, Texas. Hey Linda Welcome to The Show. Thank you. Absolutely How, can We help? Well, I'm retired and I get less than 2000 months. I can't afford rent and I don't qualify for low income housing. Oh, how do I survive? Yeah, you're in a mess hun. How old are you? 68. 68? Yeah. And is the 2000 from social security? No, 905 is in social security. Is that in addition to the 2000 or that's included in 2000?


No, that's included in 2000. Okay. And where are you getting the other money from? I'm in the middle of a divorce. I'm supposed to be getting pension. Part of my ex-husband's pension. Okay. You're supposed to be getting it or that's what you're getting? Not right now. He's paying me. They're not paying me. Is he going to pay you though? Don't I don't know. You. Okay. Do you know when you'll know that? Like I wonder just how long you'll be in this specific situation for After in a while. I'm assuming after my divorce is finalized I will know.


Okay. Linda, why are you getting divorced at 68 years old? What happened? Domestic violence. Oh Lord, I'm sorry. Thank you. There is no easy way to say what I'm about to say. Okay. Is that cool? Okay, Sure. I'm sure you're tired of people telling you that same exact line. Aren't you tired of lawyers telling you that and everybody telling you that, aren't you? What's that? That, that there's no easy way to say what I'm about to say. Say, Oh yeah, yeah. There's there, there's, there's literally only two ways, two things you can do with money. You can spend less of it or you can make more of it. Right. And you simply, you simply don't have enough of it coming in.


Right. And the only path I see for you is to go find whatever work you can find, whether that's work from home on a computer, whether that's going in somewhere. That's it. I've been doing that and right now no one's hired me. And if everyone's doing part-time. Yeah. How much are you, how much are you in the whole every month money wise? Surprisingly, I don't know what's going on, but I'm not actually in the hole. I don't know how it's working. Okay. How much is your rent somehow or your mortgage? My mortgage is 200 2400 2400 A month. But did you say you were only bringing in 2000? Yes. Don't ask me how it's working.


Well I have to ask you how it's working. It's just a math problem. I know, but I am, I'm not going down in my account. and I keep looking. Is it getting paid? Are my bills getting paid? They're all getting paid. Is your husband paid? Is your ex-husband paying them? No, I am. They're coming outta my checking account. How much money do you have in your checking account? I have in my checking and savings about 16,000. Okay. So it's just probably taking money out of that and that and well, what's gonna happen is that's gonna dwindle pretty fast, right? Right, exactly. I I have like, I dunno, six months to do something. Right. That's exactly right. Yep.


So your mortgage is more than what you're bringing in and so that doesn't include any other utilities. So you're looking at, to keep this house for that big of a mortgage payment, you're gonna need to be bringing in close to nine grand a month, which I'm not sure if that's gonna be possible. So I don't know for the house if you're gonna be able to afford it long term in order to sustain yet any level of lifestyle. So are you, how much, how much is left on the house? How much do you owe? About 275,000. Oh, okay. Alright. Which equity in the house? Let's see.


Well I think it's worth 3 30, 3 50. So what is that, A hundred, 150 grand if it's worth. Did you say it's worth No, I'm sorry. 75 grand. That sounds right. Yeah. Well you owe 675,000 on it. 2 75. Oh, 75. Oh my gosh. It's Worth three 50. Okay. Okay. Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Okay. Yeah, I mean I think, yeah, long-term Linda, I'm gonna say that yeah, you're gonna have to sell the house eventually here in the, I mean, I, I would do it sooner than later. Honestly, I don't think it's worth the stress of what you're gonna be under here after this account goes down money-wise. So I would sell it and I would find something a like a one bedroom condo, something that you could own.


But it's gonna be significant, you know, if you can find something that's that's less than this and maybe a different part of Dallas as well. And then finding Yeah, any level of work that you can to bridge that gap. 'cause like what John said, I mean there's, that's the hard part about money is there's not really emotion around it. It is, it's just, it's a math problem. It is the math problem. And so understanding, okay, here's the money coming in, the money going out. But also my hope, Linda, number one, you're so courageous for making a decision to leave a dangerous situation and in a marriage at this age, like, I commend you for that greatly. Like that's, that's scary and taking that step is really difficult. And so I'm so proud of you for that.


And then I I yeah, I pray that your, the divorce, you know, comes to a, to an end and that he'll have some of his pension that he'll be paying you to help supplement some of this income too. Yeah. And, and if you do not, not everybody has this and in fact it's getting rarer and rarer. But if you do have kids, friends, adult friends, church friends, this is the time to say, Hey, I need some help. And people always tell me, I don't like asking for help or it makes me feel weird. This is the time to say I need some help. Will you sit down with me and help me map this thing out? Do you know a good realtor? We will connect you with, I'm gonna connect you with one of our Ramsey financial coaches. I'm gonna pay for one of the sessions. And so you can sit down, they can walk through your budget with you and, and so hang on the line here, we'll get you that free.


Yeah. Personal Pick. Thanks Linda. But here's another thing for everyone out there who are, who is in a, what I would call a, I dunno, it's a protected class really, but I can imagine walking in at 68 years old and not having worked and being like, I need a job. And people are gonna look at you and go, yeah, no thanks. Right? I, I wish the world wasn't that way. It is. If you can only get a part-time job, get a part-time job and work like, work like your life depends on it, they'll hire you. Right? They will hire you. And if they don't have a, a full-time, I mean a, a full-time job available, at some point they may roll you into one that is a full-time job or call a friend or they'll be able to be a good resource for you and actually some point. But all you can get is one or two part-time jobs work, 'em like that's all you got, right?


Yeah. Yeah. And then let let opportunities show up in front of you. Yep. So good Golly, I'm sorry. Alright, let's go to Facebook. John, we, how about we don't, we have there on Facebook. Alright, a social question. She ask, what kind of side jobs did you get? Should you get to start tackling debt? So this is a question we get a lot people that are on baby step two that are trying to get outta debts. This, the income part of getting out is a huge, huge part of the speed of which you can get outta debt, right? I mean, like you can cut expenses but only to a point, right? I mean, you still have to pay for things. So this extra income is really kind of the, the magic part of it.


But it's also difficult 'cause it's a, it's high lift. I mean, it takes your time. I mean you're, you're working full, you know, full-time possibly, and then you're taking some kind of side hustle. So I mean, I have found the, the most lucrative ones we've seen and talked to people is like when you can have a direct connection to the customer, meaning you do tutoring, piano lessons, lawn care, lawn care house, sitting, babysitting, dog sitting, dog walking. Like when you can go straight to the person, to the customer, you're usually going to get a higher rate of return per hour versus going and working a retail job or something, you know? Right. Or if you can work at al hours so you can work a full-time job and then you can drive in hours where you otherwise couldn't just go get a regular job.


Yes, that's right. Yep. Totally. And, you know, always the, you know, the Ubers, the Lyfts, the food delivery services, a lot of those we've, I mean we were talking to some people on a webinar last week and people were making like 1,015, $1,200, I mean a a lot by even just driving at night. So again, looking at those options but finding and actually digging into the details of it, because I think if you're gonna be doing it, you want the most ROI out of your time because all of that will be going towards debt and having the discipline to put that extra money to paying off debt, to, to get outta debt as quickly as possible versus spending it too. So having that, that, that character quality of like, yep, I'm gonna be disciplined in that and stay true that this extra income is going towards debt is huge.


So all of you all, and some of you listening to this, listen to it during your side hustle. So we always just wanna applaud you and remind you that, that it's possible. This debt-free journey really is, it takes a lot of hard work, but it is possible. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. The holiday season is upon us and we have some extra special things to brighten your Christmas. Very special things Because you can winter to end to winter to Enter. Oh my gosh. You can enter to win Rachel's a clarity and speaking program. Yeah, it's new in Ramsey education. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, get 20% off. You can enter to win the RAMSEY $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway so you can enter daily to increase your chances to win one of our $500 weekly prizes or the $5,000 grand prizes. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway for that.


And then while you're at it, make sure to check out our 50 days of Christmas deals where you can save up to 30% off on gifts that actually give hope and life change to the people that you love this season. So whether it's building a non-anxious life, financial peace kids, or any other Ramsey fan favorites, make sure to check that out. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description to check out the Christmas sale or again, for the giveaway to win some money. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. Up next we have Sarah in Virginia Beach. Hey Sarah Welcome to The Show. Hey. Hello. Hello. How can We help?


Okay, so we got a, we got a pre-approval loan for a used car and the preapproval had a 7.5% interest rate. And then when we went to, when we saw the loan show up, like in our account, they have the interest rate at 9.5%. And when my husband went to the, the bank and asked them about the change, they said that they could do whatever they wanted. Do you know what show you're calling? 'cause the, the pre-approval is allowed to change, but we were like, but we didn't agree to pay this, but we already have the car 'cause we took like, it was like our bank. So we took the check from our bank.


Sarah, hello? Sarah. Sarah. Sarah, do you know what show you, I think you may have called the wrong show. Do you know what show this is? The. Ramsey. Show. Yeah. We we don't like car loans. Yeah, we don't Do car Loans. We'll have you probably sell the car. Yeah, sell the car and don't do business with crook. Don't do business with banks. Don't go into debt. Yeah. Wait, okay, so what's, what's the situation, Sarah? So besides the interest rate, let's, because Yeah, we, I'm pre, Pre preapproval is different from an actual rate. Okay. Those are just different things. Yeah. So I'm pregnant with our fifth kid. We're 28 and we're living on like $6,000 a month. But we fortunately live in military housing, so that makes things a little bit easier.


Yes. But we were getting a car loan because my husband's been like keeping my van going for a while now. And he finally feels like he's kind of like at the end of what he can do with it. So we're worried like it's gonna be, it's gonna break down and we're like not gonna be able to fix it and we're not gonna have a vehicle that can fit our family in it. And so we don't have any other debt. So we were like, well if we got a car payment that's around $200, then that's not so bad. 'cause that's like the only other payment that we have besides like car insurance. So what How can We help you? Sounds like you've got, it sounds like y'all got it figured out. I was confused about the, the pre-approval.


Explain it to us. Yeah, so that we don't make that mistake again because we thought like, because we were pre-approved at seven and a half that like, we would just Yeah, it's not, it's not a necessarily locked in rate at that point. Pre-approval just means that I I my understanding is pre-approval just says, here's the floor. Y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, your credit worthiness would qualify for x. Give me Sarah, give me kind of a little bit more of y'all's financial situation because I would love to, to maybe help navigate and, you know, talk through just this whole picture because I think you're a mom with, you're pregnant with number five, which God bless you Sarah. Well done. I have three and I feel like I have 13 kids, so that's amazing.


and I know that the, the stress that, you know, just grow growing a family takes and a car is one of the largest purchases that, you know, you make as a family. So I understand it's a big deal and for you guys to have transportation. I I totally get that. So your, your husband what, what branch is he in? The military? He is in the Navy. The Navy. Okay. Well thanks for his service and for you as a, as a military wife, you guys do a lot for this country. So we really, really honor and appreciate that. So you guys are in military housing, so there's no housing expense for you guys per month? Or do, are you paying a little bit of something? I mean, technically there's like, we get a housing allowance and when you live in military housing, they just, the housing gets the full housing allowance.


Perfect. Yep. So nothing's coming out of his paycheck Housing. Yeah. We just wouldn't be able to stay under our housing allowance. Totally. Okay. And you guys make, what'd you say? Six grand a month? So that's like with our housing allowance. Okay. So without our housing allowance, our housing allowance is 2,400. So it's closer to 4,000 without our housing allowance. Okay. Okay. And any money saved? We have a little bit. Yeah, it's like five. We have like five grand. Five grand. Okay. And no other debt. We have no other debt. Yeah, that's great. That's great. And are you working at all Or home with the kids? I'm not, because for me at work we would lose money.


Yeah, totally. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. 'cause we have too many kids to pay. Yeah, for Sure. Somebody take care of Them. Yep. How, how much was the, the van you guys Bought the loan on the van is 16,000. 16,000. Okay. And how much are you gonna sell the old van for? We're hoping to sell it for at least 4,000. Okay. And so what what I would encourage you guys to do, just as an exercise, you're probably not gonna like it, but to save some of that money and continue to not owe anyone anything, I would do a lot of research on, on a van that's 10,000. Right? It's gonna be older. It may not be as great as the 16 because if you guys, have you guys officially purchased the 16 or did you guys get the interest rate and now you're like, oh gosh, have you signed off on everything?


Well, we haven't signed like the promise note, but if we take I, and so my husband said that we could probably take the van back to the dealership and they would just make us probably pay like a restock fee or something. Yeah. I mean, Sarah, I'll be real honest, I that's what I would do. I wouldn't, I wouldn't mess with it. And, and I know the justification of it's only $200 a month and at that point it, it's not as much about the money, even though that's coming out of, you know, your $4,000. There's, there's just, well nine And a half interest rate. The payment is actually two 70. We were thinking that we were gonna be at like 200 a month because we expected Sure. A seven and a half rate. Yep. Well the, the idea of going through all of this, you're gonna be on baby number five.


I mean there, there's just so much stress and there's something about having the peace of mind that if something were to ever happen that you, you don't owe anyone anything. And getting a car from the dealership is the more expensive route versus an individual. So I do wonder if you could, if you could talk someone in that's selling a 11, $10,000 van to say, Hey, we've got some cash and we can, and we can, you know, we can buy it outright or drive the $4,000 ads for, for five, six more months if you can and just figure it out that way. But that honestly, that's as you call in Sarah, that's, that's the advice I wanna give you. It's, is it's a different thinking paradigm. I understand how you, you know, fell into this, but there's something about taking on the identity of like, yeah, we're just somebody that we don't borrow money.


And when you draw a hard line in the sand, then other options come into play. They have to, because if this band breaks down, you have to figure out, okay, what are we gonna do? But if you're not borrowing money and there's a hard line, you have to get creative with it. And, and yeah. And, and I think, you know, for you, you know, working would be very difficult. I understand that. I do know some people that are doing night stuff, you know, they're doing admin, you know, type online, virtual assistant kind of things. But I mean, at this point, if I were you guys, I would scrape together what we had and said, this is, this is our budget and this is what we have to spend on a car and this is what we're gonna spend. Yeah. We're just gonna have to figure it out. And again, for that pre-approval thing, it's, they just give you a floating number.


It's, it's an approximation. This is about what it's gonna be. And then depending on what the rates are on any given day, and they fluctuate and go up and down and the fed drops Up and down the drop some yesterday. I mean, it's just like, It's all over the place. And so Yeah. And, and here's the bigger picture. The reason we tell people don't borrow money a is 'cause again, it always feels like something like this comes up. But if 70 bucks is gonna, is gonna be a hardship, it's gonna be this big, well we thought it was gonna be 7.9, now it's 9.9. Just don't play the game. Just don't play the game. You got five kids, you have seven people in OnBase housing Solve for peace. I'd rather have a crummy van than know no matter what's happening in our life, how many stitches, broken bones, whatever.


Gotta pay that bank. Gotta pay that bank, gotta pay that bank. I just don't wanna play. I don't wanna play. This is The, Ramsey, Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And What's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the Middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


The Ramsey question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and gives you a low fixed rate to bill that they bill just for you. Carissa says that they lowered their payment, her payment from $2,000 a month to $680 a month with Why Refi. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey to learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Lindsay in Ohio. My husband and I have been married for seven years and he refuses to combine finances. I make significantly less than he does than whenever we argue. He says, I'm only with him for his money and he accuses me of wanting to drain his accounts. Geez, I don't have any login info for any of our bills or his bank account. Oh God. His mom is on his checking account. No. So if he died tomorrow, she could drain his funds completely while I waited for death certificates to access the funds and support our son, who is three. He Yeah. This, this next line doesn't surprise me at all.


He recently told me he is not happy and has not been happy for a long time. I'm doing everything I can to keep my family together because I love him. I even turned down job offers recently that paid significantly more just to preserve my mental health and to not cause him more stress. If I'm being honest, I don't earn enough to afford an apartment on my own, let alone eat and pay utilities. I'm scared and heartbroken and looking for some direction. Mm. That's hard. I would stop everything that you're doing and I would call a therapist a marriage therapist today right now and ask him if he will go with you. He probably will not. And ask him the question, this following question at the dinner table, are you through with our marriage?


I think more people avoid that question and go for months or years with all these peripheral behaviors. Hey mom, put my mom a checking account. You can't have, we have all these, all these proxy wars sit down and say, are you done with this marriage? And you might tell 'em, I'm not gonna file on you. You're gonna have to leave whatever you want to. But ask that question and have a therapist already appointment already booked. That's where y'all, that's where they're at here. Yep. Yep. This is a man who's leaving this marriage. Yeah. And either a doesn't have the courage to do it or hasn't sat with his attorney yet, but he is out of this relationship and instead of, instead of doing a non integris thing with integrity, which I know sounds silly.


Mm. He is just gonna let his wife suffocate. Yep. Yep. And then blame her for her the implosion. Oh gosh. Yeah, man, Lindsay. Well I do feel like in the, I mean, this feels like an extreme situation. You guys don't even have, you don't have access to money at that point of how to pay bills. I mean, you guys are living completely separate lives and the money issue and how you guys are so separate with money is the symptom of really what's going on in your marriage. Which, you know that. And so getting to the root cause of that, but I do wanna, you know, encourage you that even in this, if, if it doesn't sound like it's going well, like, I mean it, it's, I don't, I mean, you never wanna predict a divorce on somebody.


Sure. But unless he's willing to do the work and you are too. It's not gonna, nothing's gonna change. But you, you know, you've been offered money, you're offered jobs that, you know, you're getting paid significantly more, but you're turning them down to preserve your mental health. If I were you, I mean, you guys are living separate lives at this point and Yeah. You start gotta start making plans. Yeah. I mean, I would, I would start seeing Yeah, what's out there for me from a career standpoint to build your confidence back. 'cause if you're, if you're in a relationship, man, man or woman Right. And that your partner is not reciprocating any level of unity and that's what what you're craving. You love him. I'm like, that's rejection on a daily basis. That's right. And that erodes, I would have to say your self-confidence.


And so to kind of get yourself in a spot from like a mental health standpoint, right. That's, that's somewhat stable, is gonna be really important in this for you to possibly make some hard decisions. And Lindsay, probably for a long time years, you've been trying to do things to not make him mad, to not make him sad, to not make him upset, to make sure that the house is quiet, to quote unquote not cause him stress, stop the source of his stress is coming from the inside out has nothing to do with you. And so you're not turning down job opportunities that would keep you safe, keep your, keep food on you and your son's table, pay for an apartment if and when this guy finally leaves you, which he's telling you he's doing, you, you have to start making those type of plans and stop living every moment to try to not stress him out.


It's never been about you. It's always been about him. Yep. That's, and I hate that for you. We we're just on a break and meeting all the fabulous people in the lobby watching the show, but we were, we met with a couple that was here for our money and marriage event. And that's a theme, John, throughout that weekend and through marriage, once I've been married 15 years, and I would say even in the last probably four-ish years to five years, did all of that click like what you just said? Because I think for so long, we live in such a way that we really do believe if I do something, it's going to affect you on a, on a level. So I can either choose behaviors or, you know, it's up to me to make sure you're okay. Right, right. It's, it's that way of living. And I can, I can annoy my wife.


I can be frustrating. Sure. Yes, yes. I can make her mad. But like, I can't, I can't wake up every day and make her be okay. Yes. Make her be whole. I I don't have that kind of power. No, No. Right. And when you put the layer of money on top of it, for those of you listening and watching, we get the question on time. How do I, how do I get my husband to see X, Y, and Z? How do I get my wife? You can't to see, you know, or I don't have a spouse that's working with me financially, you know, how do I get them to change? And it's the, it's the way the questions are worded and our belief that we can change someone in it. We Just haven't said it the right way. That's Right. Yeah. Or if we just had that one conversation and I could just yeah. Make it, make this argument like really good, then they're gonna get it.


But there's something deep in the core of who we are. And again, this shows, you know, a lot about money and relationships, but it comes out when, in the financial aspect, meaning that when you guys are not on the same page financially, you can, you can only bring to the table what you are feeling, what you believe, and hope that your spouse reciprocates that you're in a marriage, that they're actually listening and responding. But to the point that that is not happening. Then there is the marriage issues that are really going on and it's coming out as money issues and it's marriage issues. And, and I say this all the time. Behavior's a language. And this guy's showing you through his actions. He trusts his mom and he doesn't trust you. Right or wrong. Maybe you've earned that lack of trust or maybe he just never, like he trusts his mom and he doesn't trust you.


That's a marriage fracture of the highest order. Y'all need to address that. Right. When he tells you, I'm not happy, I haven't been for a long time. That's usually coded testing the water language for are you gonna blow up? Maybe you leave, are you not? Do you wanna like, make this mutual kind of thing? Like that's just, I'm I'm testing it out. Yeah. Right. This idea that we're not gonna be together and you have to start thinking about your four walls. you have a 3-year-old, right. You gotta start thinking about di different, different things. Yep. and I hate that for you. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it yet. It's where we are. It's What it is. Yeah. Oh, well thanks so much Lindsay for the question. I hope that helps. All right, let's go to John in Salt Lake City.


Hey, John Welcome to The Show. Hi. thank you. Absolutely. How, can We help? So I am in a, currently in a straight commission sales position. Been in it for somewhere 15 years or so, making about 200,000 a year currently. And, but the, the pay structure of our company is changing from straight commission to a base plus bonus model. Okay. The question is, or my concern is, I I'm in a very established market currently, so I'm, I'm concerned about being able to hit those growth bonuses because there's not a whole lot of growth in my current area left in my opinion. So the option that they have proposed to me is, well, you, you could pick up additional territory in some additional states where we don't currently have market share or you could simply go relocate to a new area with, you know, sky's the limit territory.


So How much, how much of, how much of your question dude is about your, the integrity of the people you work for? None. I'm, I'm, I'm not concerned about that. I, I very much like the company, respect my bosses, enjoy what I'm doing. The, the actual literal question is financially, does it make sense to relocate or would I have to, or, or do I can, which is the option, you know, on a weekly basis and be away from the family, which is not something that I want, want to do. Yeah. I I think your, I think your professional life is more than your paycheck. And so if you need 200 grand or you need that more money to survive based on the life y'all have created, and that's what you and your wife decide, great.


Go knock your lights out and commute. Or y'all could end up thinking about moving. Yeah. If you like your life as it is and your community and your friends and your family, what, what y'all all do. And you can afford the pay cut and that's the life y'all wanna choose, choose that. This is The, Ramsey, Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows.


This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships.


I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my friend and host of The Dr John. Delony Show. John Delony. That's like a double. John Delony. John Delony, an author of the John Delony books. No so much of your name. but it seems Hard for my children when they were young to even say their dad's name. But give us a call at triple eight Eight two five five two two five and we're gonna be answering your calls on life and money. First up we have Jim in Atlanta, Georgia. Hey Jim Welcome to The Show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How, can We help? So my wife and I are, we're consistently up, well now we're up through baby step four, but we haven't bought our first home yet.


So that's kind of the next thing, big ticket thing that we're, we're looking to do. and I just, I feel like our expenses are so high, I just don't know how I'm never gonna be able to save enough in Atlanta to, to be able to purchase a home. Yeah. So what, what are you guys making a year? We make about, between the two of us, about a hundred grand. Okay. And tell me about your expenses, ma'am. So we pay $2,000 a month for rent. Probably can add another, it depends 'cause it's like usage based, but four or $500 for utilities after that.


We do our best with groceries. It's just crazy right now. Probably around $800 a month on food. Do you have little ones? No, just, just my wife and I and our dog. How old are you? I'm 26. 26. So Jim, I I, I'm gonna tell you this just 'cause I love you, okay? Just as straight as I can. 'cause I just don't, I I I think the band of 22 year olds to 35 year olds just wasn't told the truth. And that is, y'all are doing everything right. Y'all are working really hard and you, and you can, y'all can find some other jobs, we can talk about all that kind of stuff. But increasingly across the country, people are running into, I wanna live in this city and there are just not enough houses in this city.


So the ones that are available are outrageously expensive. They're very expensive. Yeah. And so there's a reckoning, which is do we wanna be homeowners more than we wanna live in the zip code? And that's not in, it's a question that none of us, I'm in my forties. I it never even was, it was never a question I was prepped for. Yeah. But I think the idea of, we have this picture, we got married, we wanna live in Atlanta, we wanna be Braves fans. God help you. Like this is where our family, like this is where we wanna build our life. And this ugly person that doesn't care about your wants or desires or dreams called math just said it's not gonna work. And so you'll have to decide, do we wanna live in this city and rent or do we wanna keep working really hard and begin thinking we might, let's move to Kansas, let's move to North Dakota.


I'm making up places, but I think there's a reality too. We're 45 minutes outside. Yeah. Well, we're gonna, we're gonna have to commute, we're gonna have to do some different things. and I think, I think more and more people are banging their head up against mathematical realities and it's making them insane and I get it. And, and it's good to be frustrated, but I think a wiser use of your energy is to begin to go, okay, then what must be true. We want to own a house that's ours. Awesome. I love it. All right, let's get out a map and figure out where across the United States of America we can live and actually afford a house here. It might be Lubbock, Texas, it might be, you know, Highland Park. Who know? I, I, who knows, but yeah, that's hard to hear. But man, what, what, what do y'all do for a living? So I work from home.


Okay. I work for a university as an academic advisor. Okay. My wife is a shark trainer. A shark trainer. She's very Limited opportunities for her to be able to do, Wait, a shark trainer, like the shark, like in the ocean and she trains them. Yes. Yes. Like at the aquarium, the Atlanta Aquarium. Yes. Correct. Your wife is the coolest wife who's ever lived. She Know. I know, Man. I wanted to be a marine biologist so bad and like do this kind of work man. You Took a left turn. Wow. She's a shark trainer dude. Okay. So that's Unbelievable. So you're gonna be living in, you're gonna be living by the coast, right? Or by an aquarium?


Yeah, so we, we, we live in Atlanta because that's where the aquarium is. Okay. So How much does she make a year? She makes about 48. Okay. Okay. And so you, you're gonna have to ask yourself the question, and I've worked with academic advisors my whole life. Y'all don't make a bunch of money and you'll do a ton of work too. I mean, she works with sharks and so You're gonna have lights on the line. I feel like you're gonna have to ask yourself, because my guess is She is locked into this thing. That's probably not a job that comes open very often. You, you move wherever you can get that job. That's her world, right? Yeah. Okay. Then you have to ask yourself, is being an academic advisor, is that my future or am I using this as a springboard? 'cause the university's gonna pay for my graduate school.


So I can go, go do this thing and do another thing and do another thing. And how quickly can you get on that wagon? Otherwise, y'all all are gonna be spinning your wheels, man. Well, I already have my master's. Okay. So yeah, but I but what do you make 52,000 teach? I'm sorry? You make 52,000. Yeah. Okay. You can make that as a public school teacher in Atlanta too, and have summers where you can make more money. That's what I'm saying. Like, it's, it's about you saying, okay, I had this dream of being a university official, it's not gonna, even if I became the head of all academic advising, I'm gonna make 80 grand and that's not gonna buy you a house in a, in a cool neighborhood in Atlanta. And so it's you reckoning with, okay, what must be true for my career, my like, yeah.


and I, that's her dream. Or my dream. and I and I would say for hers too. I'm like, yeah, I mean obviously she's gone to school to be, you know, or she's gotten levels of Rachel, she's a shark trainer. This is not changing. Right. But that's the grownup question though. And it's that reckoning is real for people, couples all across the, you know, the country. It is, I mean, a guy we talked to last hour, it's like, do I, do I take this kind of pay cut to do the job I want or do I go and transfer and we move somewhere to make more money to have a different kind of lifestyle, right? I mean, it's a lifestyle question you guys are asking or I wanna be a writer so bad and now chat, GPT is here. And so my like, my market value just went in half. Yeah. And like, so do I wanna keep, keep doing this thing and it's not Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm not saying like, just go chase money and your life is gonna be okay.


It's more fulfilling than that. But you guys will just have to make some hard decisions because the math has to line up. And you're right to own a home in Atlanta, Georgia making a hundred k it's gonna be really hard. And again, maybe you guys start off with a, not a single family home. Maybe it's a townhouse, maybe it's a condo not in the nicest building, right? I mean, like there, there's, there's these other elements of this that you need to look into. But I think that is your next step, Jim. I think homeownership from a financial standpoint is the wisest thing that you guys can do. You guys are outta debt, you have an emergency fund and for first time home buyers, we recommend about 5% to put down and making sure that your payment is no more than 25% of your take home pay. And so that may take you guys another two years to save and, and get a, you know, a good down payment to get your, to get your monthly payment in a, in a place that you want.


I mean, but, but I think overall, and the beauty is you guys, you know, you don't have kids right now. You know, the wor the world is, is you guys and you guys are dual income, no kids, the dinks. And you get to make decisions about your life of, Hey, what do we wanna do is this, and that can change over time. But I think yeah, that, I mean, the math has to work and that's the hard part of all of this. And it is frustrating. I mean, things do cost more and, you know, and, and, and even look at your lifestyle too, Jim, I mean, I would be curious from that perspective. I know groceries are expensive, but 800 bucks for just you guys, it's aton of money. I think Family of Five lives off of that, you know, some months. So, so I, I, I think it's, I think maybe this is the magic question, Rachel, is what's it worth to, what's it worth to you?


Yep. And you ask that question about your two jobs, what's it worth to us? Yep. And it's about in Atlanta, how you go out to eat to eat. Yep. It's the town. It is the concerts and the baseball games we go to or don't go to. It's the, what is all this stuff worth are being by family being not what is all this worth to us? And let that dictate some of your questions. Yeah. And that's, I don't know if there's a right or wrong answer for anybody on those. That's a great point. But math doesn't care how you feel. It just doesn't. Thanks, Jim. I hope that helps. This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for.


One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism, and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward, or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season.


That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist, and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost This season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony. Folks, The Ramsey Christmas cash giveaways here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Well, a brand new tour just launched with Dave Ramsey and Dr John Delony. And they're gonna be hitting the road with the money. And Relationships. Tour Be so fun. This is gonna be so fun. So we do live events around RAMSEY a lot. So we travel and we'll do some here at our event center. But this event specifically, it's a different one because the audience in each city gets to choose the topics, right? Yes.


And you know, better than any of us, Dave and I will be on the stage together most of the night, and it will be the Wild West. And so whenever you're on stage with Dave, if you've never been on stage with Dave Ramsey, you're, you have to know what you're talking about. And you just have to be, be ready. And You never know what's gonna happen. Never know what's gonna happen because sometimes Dave and with you too, John, when we hosted Money Manager was, I was like true with John. You host him with John, there's like 40% of you just never know what's gonna happen. You always have to leave room and Dave's the same way. So it's gonna be a very entertaining, very fun event. So if you're in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City, they are coming to you or any surrounding areas. So to get the dates and the tickets, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour and make sure to check it out.


You guys again, need money and Relationship tour with Dave Ramsey and Dr John. Delony. They're hitting the road. Good. And lemme say, when we were sitting around Dave's table talking about like what we were gonna talk about, we got to laughing so hard. and I thought if we're laughing this hard in here, it's, it's gonna be Wheels off gonna be, it'll be wheels off. If you think you know what a Ramsey event is, show up, it'll be a blast. It's So fun. So, so fun. All right, next up we have Matthew and West Palm Beach. Hey Matthew Welcome to The Show. Thank you. I appreciate how you guys are doing. We're doing well. How can We help. Fantastic. So I had a quick question. So my wife and I are expecting our first child in December. Oh, congratulations soon. I appreciate that Christmas Kid.


She's real pregnant, huh? Christmas Baby. Yeah. She is very pregnant. You getting named baby John? We're not boo. It's a girl. It's a girl. So Rachel, Rachel, She feels right Rachel, you know, like in the eighties, Rachel, Nicole, you know Rachel or Nicole. I love that. But yeah, so we are trying to figure out what our work life is gonna look like. Just a little bit of context. I own two small businesses. I work from home, very flexible life. My wife works a normal nine to five job that she's not thrilled with. So I think it's a really good time for her to kind of take a break, take a little reset and kind of see how everything goes and then, you know, jump back into work if she feels like she wants to.


And so she doesn't feel the same way. We're kind of going back and forth about it. Yeah. Oh, she goes, she goes call the call The Ramsey Show. I dare you get on The. Ramsey Show. So I'm like, you know what, I'll get on The Ramsey Show. Okay. Okay. Matthew, does She wanna work? Yes. Does she wanna work? Yeah. Yeah. So she, she wants to work. She didn't been working since she was 14, but she doesn't love what she does. So I just think it's just a good, a good time in our life. I think we're really set up where she's able to take a small break if she, you know, and then jump back in if she wants to go back to work. Alright, hold On there. There's something beneath that though. Yeah. For both Of you, you either need to have the courage to say, I always had this picture that the woman I married would be a stay-at-home Mom.


Or I, I've been married to you for this many years, three years, five years, seven years, and you hate your job. And that, that I, I wanna see you smile again. That's underneath the, Hey, you know what? I think it's a good time for you to take a break. That's like, when someone's like, oh, are you gonna have another cheeseburger? Huh? Right. You're going back to work, Huh? It, it's a, it's a, it's a proxy war for the truth. And she might be saying, you know, I just, I've been working since I was 14. That might be her saying, I, I'm nervous about your two small businesses and or my dad told me I didn't have any worth unless I made money. I was gonna say money or I've working since I was 14.


And all I know is to produce that. That's it. And not to produce anymore. I don't know who I would be. That's right. I mean, and so it's, it's getting beneath that saying, here's a map financially where we're gonna be. Okay. I want you to know that I love you more than life itself and you can't earn that anymore. Right. Sure. And maybe that's the conversation to have. Or if you wanna keep working, I want you to work in a job that brings you joy and it makes you feel like you have purpose and not something you hate every day. 'cause I am scared to have that kind of poison in the house with a, with a, with a newborn. Thousand percent. I mean, you hit the nail on the head and it's definitely stems from, you know, her mom was a, was a, was a breadwinner of her family. And so she's used to that. You said the, you know, the woman working in the home where I came from a household, my mom was a stay at home mom and that's kind of what I'm used to.


Yeah. So, and, but yeah, I mean, if she wants to go back to work, obviously I would not make her, you know, not work. Obviously she's, you know, she could do whatever she wants and we could obviously use any income we can get, but I just feel like we, You want you to be the healthiest version of her and That's correct. Not going to a job she hates and or, you know, fighting her own demons of, gosh, do am I, do I have value if I'm not producing or what, or I'm fearful that you're not gonna make enough money. I mean, whatever that motivation is for her to work is important to get to. Because, because it or it simply is Dee, she just enjoys it. Yeah. Going to a job. You hate that. We don't want that long term for anybody out there, but maybe it's like, yeah, I, I still, 'cause I know some women, I mean, and they're, they, they, they can't stand stand being at home.


They, they're just like, oh my gosh. Like, I, I function so much better. I'm a better mom if, you know, being, working or whatever it may be. Right. And then also know Matthew, you guys are first time parents, leave your hand open to a lot that can happen. 'cause the moment that baby is born, it changes your world. Unlike anything you can ever, ever explain to someone. So her, her viewpoint may change. Your viewpoint may change. I mean, you just, you never know until that baby's here. Because, I don't know, it's Just a lot that can, yeah. I would still, new parents take every major decision three months at a time. Okay. Give yourself 90 days to be like, I'm going full. Stay at home. And then y'all recalibrate.


Put it on the calendar. Does She have a good maternity leave and everything with her and insurance? Like how, from a corporate standpoint is she Yeah, she does get three months off. She gets three months off. Okay. So we do that three month window. Okay. And yeah, so I mean, like you said, the 90 days, that makes a lot of sense. So maybe she could stay home, they'll leave. Yeah. See how it goes, you know, but just talking to peers and friends, they're all just like, I wish I had so much more time with our, you know, with my baby and I feel like we're in a position to take advantage of that. and I know how important Time is. I know, but especially with your children, you keep using, we don't put your story onto hers. Y'all need to have the conversation about, 'cause both of y'all have been saying we're gonna have a baby. And she had a picture of what that meant. And it's informed largely by her childhood. You had a picture of what that meant.


And that was largely informed by your childhood. Y'all need to now do the hard work, which is can also be really fun if you approach it with curiosity, which is, oh, here was my picture of having a baby and here was my picture of having a baby. Now let's, let's create one that's going to include both of our pictures so that we're both on the same page. Yeah. Otherwise she goes back to work. And you have this, this, this, this building resentment in your guts that your wife abandoned your kid, or she just feels forced to stay home. And she starts to resent you because she feels miserable in her house. She feels trapped and lonely in her house. And she really liked the idea of working. It brought her, it, it brought her a fuller picture of herself and you stole that from her.


Right. So let's, let's make sure we avoid that and just call out at the beginning. No, judging the pictures. No judging the pictures. Let's just be curious about 'em. Oh man, you thought I was just gonna be a stay at home mom. How long have you known me? 10 years. Yeah. I just, I, I loved how my mom was able to do this, this, and this. Oh, I love seeing a picture of my mom working really hard and coming home with projects and so ha explore that together and then come up with a, with a 90 day plan or a 180 day plan, a six month plan and then promise each other. Put on the calendar and we'll reassess it. Okay. And I'll tell You have, I have had some of the most gangster coworkers ever who were women who had babies and they were gonna be back in the office the day after the birth and they never came back.


and I, they're awesome. And they're like, did I help my baby? And they were like, I ain't going back to your stupid, whatever you dumb boys are doing at the, at the dumb boardroom table. And then I've met the, the exact opposite. I'm gonna be a stay at home, I'm gonna be a stay at home. And they have that baby and six months in they're like, get me. I'm going crazy outta here. Yeah, totally, totally. So just keep your hands open and make sure you'll have the conversation on a regular basis together. 'cause it's gonna evolve and shift and change. Okay. So just keep it fluid, you know, obviously keep communication up. See how the leave goes. But Don't use proxy wars. Don't use proxy. And I'll just say, as a woman who works and I came back two weeks early from maternity leave, my first 'cause I was that and I was like, oh my gosh, I just, and I love my job. I'm like, I miss it. I miss being with people and you know, so I actually, that versus my third, I actually pulled way back.


You're still not back. I'm totally kidding, Richard. I'm just being ridiculous. I am working. No, but, but so you know, it, I think for women, it can feel like I can't take an off ramp, especially in the corporate world. And when I hear this from friends, like, if I get off the exit, I can't get back on. That's how it feels. But you can, don't limit yourself. Don't have those blinders because when you don't have other options, you make bad decisions out of fear and out of what could be. Take that off the table too. The sky's the limit. So always remember that. And that's more for her. Matthew, not for you. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, this is Rachel Cruz for Helix Sleep and I gotta say Winston and I love our Helix mattress. Winston likes a firmer mattress than I do, but differences like that are why Helix has lots of mattress models to choose from. So whether you sleep on your side, your stomach or your back. Helix has you covered. And one of the best parts for us was taking the personalized Helix sleep quiz. They matched us with the perfect mattress and it only took two minutes. We also got the Glacier Text cooling cover, which pulls heat away from our bodies while we sleep for the coolest, most comfortable sleep we have ever had. Not to mention our mattress and topper were all easy to set up and the quality is incredible. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. But here's the best part. The Helix Black Friday sale is happening now. Get 25% off all mattresses and get a free bedding bundle on select products. Go to Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. That's Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. With Helix, better sleep starts now.


Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you. Live on the money and Relationships Tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


We broadcast this show live every day from one to four right outside of Nashville, Tennessee. And it's played on podcasts and YouTube and it's always fun 'cause the way they we built the studio when we moved into the new building is it's right in the lobby. The studio is with a big glass wall and people come from all over and we meet people in during the breaks from all over the country. We had people from Oregon and California and Florida. And in the lobby as well there is a debt free stage and we have Ryan and Jonna standing on that today. Welcome you guys. thank you. Well, congratulations. You're on that stage for one reason and one reason only because you are debt free. thank you.


Congratulations. So how much debt did you guys pay off? $198,000. Wow. How much money were you making during that time? We started at 94,000 and ended about 207. Okay. And then how, how long did that take you? It took us a little over seven years. Okay. And what was the almost 200 K of debt? What was that? It Was our house. Yeah, it was The house. Completely. Look at it, it was beautiful. Completely debt-free, some Rad house man. I was gonna say it's a very California looking house and you guys are from Sacramento. We're A little north of Sacramento, two hours North Cottonwood.


But having a paid off California home feels impossible is what it seems like. Yeah. Incredibly nice. What's It worth? About $7 million We wish. No, probably about four or 50. Wow. Amazing. great job you guys. So how did you double your income? God blessed us in a lot of different ways and I made a small career change and about 10 years ago and I've just kind of slowly, he's opened all these doors for me and he's just kind of plugged along the same way. And yes. What do you guys do? I'm a director for county Office of Education. Okay. I work in the field petroleum industry.


Okay. Amazing. You guys. Okay, so what happened seven years ago to start this journey of paying off your house? Which is wild. It is wild. She came home one day and she's like, Hey, we're gonna start this Dave Ramsey thing. And I'm like, okay, I've, I've heard of him in the AM radio and I know and I was like, okay, let's do it. You know, we always kind of knew that debt was dumb and, and we just started and we, one, two, and three was pretty quick and a steps one, two, and three and then we just kept rocking and rolling. Yeah, you always talk about gazelle intensity and for us it was like we had a little savings so we just kind of paid a, you know, paid a chunk off.


We had a little credit card, we paid that off and then built up our savings and we're more of the tortoise. Yeah. Just the low, slow, you know, get it done. Yes. We, I love spreadsheets, so, so I'm the nerd. Well, Especially with the house and the, and the interest rate and stuff. When you start to see, oh my gosh, if we can cut this down, how much you're saving even in just interest it's motivating. Exactly. Absolutely. But we kind of saved alongside of that. We had a goal of paying it off and then starting a remodel. Okay. Those plans changed when we paid off our mortgage on a Friday and the follow, like two days later his car blew up and then three days later my car blew up.


Oh my gosh. So thankfully mine was covered under a recall, so that was all fine. But we ended up having to write a check for a new car, which thankfully we had. Yeah. I used New car. I used. Yeah. New to Us. Yes. New. New to you. New To us. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Incredibly. I don't know, it just feels like God has laid this path for us and you know, because of the principles we've learned, it's just, you know, we've had very little stress things come up and we just go, oh, you know, okay, move along. So Yeah. So during that time when we talk about baby step two, paying off consumer debt, that kelle intensity and it's just like scorched earth, you're going all in, but when you get to where you guys were baby steps four, five, and six, we say it's more intentional, right?


There's gonna be, it's a longer game, right? Seven years. Right. Which is faster than the average baby steps millionaire that pays it off a nine. So you guys, you, you had some intensity, so what would you say percentage wise was like, we're gonna throw as much as we can at the house and we're sacrificing some stuff over here versus like, oh, we still had a life and we still enjoyed things and did stuff with our family, but then had extra that we put towards the house. What was kind of the balance for you guys? I don't know. I feel like we did, I mean we definitely lived not bare bones, but we were pretty frugal going through the whole thing. But anytime we would get a raise we would just take it and kind of, I joke with my coworkers that I finally get a paycheck because it's like, it's felt, you know, like we've been working towards this goal for so long and so now it feels a little surreal.


We don't know what to do with ourselves. Yeah. How long ago did you pay it off? We paid it off. We were gonna, we were planning November 1st and we were sitting at football practice one day and we looked at each other and went, we're tired of this. And so we just said we're gonna pay it off tomorrow. So we paid it off in September instead. So you've had, you've had one if not two months of both of your checks depositing and they're just sitting there. Yep. Yeah, it feels really weird. That's so wild, man. And you know the nerd in me, I have spreadsheets built for the next year and a half and I'm like, oh my gosh. Like I can't, you know, like it just feels crazy. It feels really crazy. So what's it like for you? I'm assuming you're not the, the spreadsheet?


No, not really. I mean, I can use a spreadsheet. She just tells me what I can and can't spend money On. I'm definitely the spender. It's funny 'cause I'm the nerd, but I'm also the spender. Yes. He's the saver. He's just like, you know, lives. He's good. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Just he's pretty easy to lay. Easy going. Yeah. Okay. Do you feel like your kids felt the effects of it? Oh, meaning like the, probably their lifestyle and everything. Like do they, are they like, oh, mom and dad are rolling in it now we get to like, I don't know. I feel like we, I feel like we had a pretty good balance. Yeah. That's so great. You guys. What Was your biggest, what was your biggest fight you had in seven years? Over money or just a general Fight? I would say it wasn't, I mean, do you wanna talk about the big fights?


I'm here for it. Make good radio. Yeah. What's your biggest money disagreement. Spending, purchasing things. I don't know that we've, we don't really, We don't really fight over Money. We fight about money. We're very on the same page. Yeah. On that. We do parent a lot differently. That's, that's The's your show. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome you guys. Congratulations. So how does it feel? It feels crazy. It feels incredible. Yeah. It's like a weight just getting lifted off your shoulders. You know, the grass is greener. Everything is a lot nicer when it's all paid off and you're not making that payment every month. It's Wild. Wild. Oh well you guys are weird.


And we always celebrate the weirdness because I mean, seriously, I haven't paid off house. And then you add California to that. That's the extra layer to this in my head of like, oh yeah, people feel like that just cannot be done. And you guys, you guys did it absolutely incredible. Absolutely incredible. Okay, so bring, bring the kids up. So we have, is it Shelby and Logan? Yes. Yes. And how old are they? Logan is 10 and Shelby is 20. So Logan, you've never known your parents not to be crazy. Right Now you're gonna have two boring, rich parents. Fine. He wants jet Skis. Yeah. Oh yeah. Now is the toy phase of our life. 'cause we have cut, we have, you know, we don't have any to big toys or anything like that. Hey Logan, just between me and you and a couple million other people, they don't have any more excuses.


Now They got, they gotta get you some fun stuff, Logan. Okay. Right. Your mom's a spender. I see it. Yeah. Yeah. She'll she'll take you out. Yeah. Oh, that's so you guys so proud of you. thank you. I mean, incredible family and to do something that is above and beyond what people do in the sacrifice is so real. And you get the reward on it. You live like no one else. So later you get to live and give like no one else. We are so excited baby. Step seven. Can't believe it. Alright, so we have Jonna and Ryan. Shelby and Logan from Sacramento, California. They paid off $198,000 in seven years making 94,000 to 207,000.


And that includes their house. So count it down. Let's hear a big debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. Amazing. Woo. Incredible. That Is so impressive. Always impressive Dude. Seven years of doing a thing. Most people in America can't do something for seven minutes without being like, I'm bored. Let's do something else. That's Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Change it Up. Let's scroll something. Yeah. Just to, just to get a plan and do it for seven years and then now just plug it away. Plug it away. Not even a house payment.


Not, can you imagine America watching the election results come in either way and not worry that someone's gonna do something to take your house because they can't 'cause it's yours. It's amazing, dude. Congratulations guys. Congratulations. This is The Ramsey Show.


These days the internet is chockfull of so-called Investing Advice from Random Goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart vestor Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart.


Hey, welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Rachel Cruz. So here's a trend out and if you've listened to my show, Rachel, over the last couple of years I've taken more and more calls about people struggling with gambling, more gambling and more gambling. And now as sports betting as as municipalities and cities and states have been wanting to get in on the gambling action. More and more places are, are legalizing sports betting, especially on their phones. And check this out, dude, this is a, an article here just says, Americans spend more money betting on sports than investing in stocks.


Recent data reveals that since sports betting has become legalized in much of the US households are diverting their income to gambling rather than investing in the stock market. Net in investments have dropped 14%, as in 2023 alone, the American sports betting industry hit a record breaking $10.9 billion in revenue. So Can I say this Wildcats dude, As a woman, a girl? I don't know. As a woman, I don't, I don't understand. I don't understand it Now going to Vegas and I've admitted it on the show and, and, and rolling some dice and playing some craps is so fun.


It is so fun. The single biggest loss I've ever taken in my life was standing next to Rachel Cruz at a crabs table. Sometimes it doesn't always happen, but when you get on a, when you get on a hot streak, it's like so fun because everyone's cheering. You're making everyone money. It's, it is a fun entertainment moment. When you bet on sports, you do nothing for the, like you're not, you don't get to participate in it. That's what I don't understand. The fun is, it's more fun when you're betting and like you are the one playing the game. Yeah. But you're missing out on like, but this is like the whole sports industry of America is an instead of going out like my dad, my dad, I have these vivid memories of going when I was a kid and my dad had, was always in a softball league, always in a something.


We don't do that anymore. We pay men, other grown men and women bajillions of dollars to play sports for us. Now we pay them to like Make us money. To make Us money or lose money. Right. We, we've outsourced everything. Yes. And now there's commercials for sport. What's the one everywhere? I don't know. I don't know much about it, but it's the, I don't wanna give anyone, give anybody Publicity there. Yeah. But you but that, but that's what's crazy to me is now you wouldn't, you didn't see that 10 years ago. No, but the commercials now for it, I'm like, oh my gosh. 38 States have legalized gambling and it's become a growth industry generating more than 120 billion in total bets. Oh my Gosh. And like I said, 10.8 11 billion in 2023.


Yeah. In one year. No, 120 billion total bets. Yeah. And 11 billion revenue one year. Yeah. And investing has taken a hit. And so there was an average 7.7% of households made online bets of one of these studies with about $1,100 a year. And it's, it, here's, here's the challenge and, and here's the deal. They know this about lottery, it impacts low income people more. Right? If you don't, if, if, if you don't owe anybody on your house a, a house payment, if you don't owe anybody credit cards, if you've got a stable job, you can go to Vegas and spend a couple hundred bucks and lose it. And it's annoying and you can go, ah, Man. Yeah, sure, sure.


If you don't have $200 to gamble 'cause that's your light and your water bill, and yet you think, man, if I hit this could change everything for me. Yep. It's an outsized impact on you for doing the same exact behavior. Right. This study says that financially constrained households are particularly noticing the negative effects here. and I and I think what's hard too kills, man. This is what I don't like about gambling the lottery. Any, anything, anytime you are delegating out, winning financially to someone else or to a system is as you're putting your hope in something that, that there's, there's no payoff in. Right. It's different when you're investing over a period of time because there is a proven track record that you will, your money will make money.


Oh, Those put the track record in the lottery. Somebody wins. Maybe it's gonna be me this time, But every time you put money in the market, for the most part, over time, over the long haul, your money's gonna make money. But for gambling the lottery, all of it, it is like this quick, it's a quick win idea that my life is gonna change because of this one play that I'm doing. And that's so much easier than playing the longer game financially. And check this out as it applies to the message that Dave's been talking about for 30 years, increase embedding and consumption drives an increase in financial instability in terms of decreased credit availability and increased credit card. Mm. And a higher incidence of overdrawn accounts.


Mm. What does that mean? People are are putting now that it's all so easy on your phone, everyone's just putting on the credit card, they're just, they're just taking on money and putting it on bets and people are going into debt to make financial bets. Which, and you lose and I gotta make it back, dude. So I'm gonna take out another loan, right? That's right. And not find myself way over my head. Yep. Yep. Because what is it? I mean, I think the same is true like when you buy something, right? The, the excitement, the dopamine. But when you're betting, There's the anticipation, the anticipation, the anticipation and then boom, then the payoff and which is What your cortisol, like what's the, like what's going on? I mean the, the nerdiness doesn't matter as much as you, you have a a a biochemical response in your body that begins to build that apprehension, apprehension, apprehension.


And the great Anna Lemke describes it as a teeter-totter. The more on one side of the teeter-totter, your body's way of leveraging it is to, is pain. It hurts, right? It's the next morning after a bender. It, you, you are in physical pain and the only way people sometimes handle that pain by doing it again right. Is increasing it again. And you just get on this teeter-totter of of anticipation. Anticipation and then wham and it, it drops you below baseline and so of your dopamine falls off a cliff. Right? Yeah. And is that where the addiction starts to play in? 'cause some people I know it's like they have it's Addiction is I don't wanna hurt. Yep. Right? And so I'm gonna come up with a behavior instead of dealing with that core hurt, I'm gonna come up with a behavior and my body's gonna begin to automate a behavior that helps hurt less.


And unfortunately when it comes to addiction, you need more and more of that behavior to cover up higher and higher amounts of pain of, of your body trying to equalize itself. Right. Get back to equilibrium. And it just hurts on top of hurts on top of hurts. And you find yourself, I'm putting sports gambling on a credit card, right? It's a mess, mess, mess, mess, mess. What a mess we're in. What does this mean? Don't gamble unless you can set that money on fire in your living room and you can laugh about it. Yep. Right? Totally. Yes. Yeah, we always say that. I mean, if there's anything that you're doing financially that has a big risk, gambling would be one playing craps when you're in Vegas once a year. I would include that.


Yeah. Crypto, I would put crypto in the same bucket. Like anything that does not have a long-term track record. Anything that has a high level of risk for you to lose that money, even investing in a friend's business or something come to you with this idea, Hey, hey, hey, Make sure you've got the other side of the barbell secure. That's right. So that's the point is like, anytime you're going to do any of these like risky level moves financially, to your point, emotionally, you have to be able to set that money on fire and you're, you're fine. Meaning you're outta debt, you have a fully funded emergency fund, you are investing 15% of your income into retirement. So instead of investing going down the amount of people investing going down, it needs to be the opposite for you.


If you're not investing, you need to get yourself in a place where you are because that is a proven track record for your money to make money in the long term. And If you have kids, you're saving for college, you know, you're, you're paying off the house and once the house is paid off, then it's like, okay, I have disposable income. We are in a solid place financially that we're not gonna harm ourselves by, you know, putting, you know, a small amount of money and this, that or that, you know, playing this, playing that. But just know what you're getting into as well and know yourself. There's a level of self-awareness that like, if you do have that kind of personality that you know yourself, that you're gonna keep going, going just don't just, I I like to say any sort of advice needs to be for fun, not for strategy.


That's great, John. So if you, if you, that's good. That's good. If you wanna have a drink with your buddies and you all laugh real loud, you tell those stories, great. If drinking makes you feel better, at the end of the day, you need to deal with that. Mm. If it's a way you can deal with, I remember this is a, gosh, this is gonna get dark. I, I used to give a, a survey to my grad students and I remember every year I started stopping the conversation because one of the, of the questions was, I need three or four drinks or two or three drinks to engage in some sort of sexual activity. and I remember saying, Hey If, you have to drink to override your body's natural break system. Don't do that. Right If, you have to gamble to feel alive again.


Go talk to somebody. Yeah. Right. That's good. 'cause I want you to feel alive in your own skin. So, so it can be fun but don't use it as a strategy. That's a great point. So good. Well Thank you guys for listening and watching if you're on podcast or YouTube, but this is it for you. But make sure to go over to The Ramsey Network app. It is completely free and you'll get the third hour of the show there. If you're listening on traditional radio, we are still with you. thank you America, this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.