
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, number one, bestselling author, Ramsey Personality, host of The Ken Coleman Show, where he does help people with their work and their careers. He's my co-host today, so we'll be talking to you about your life, and we talk about you right in front of you. The phone number's eight eight eight two five five two two five. The call is free. and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. So come hang out with us. We're here for you, baby. This is how it works. Chris is in Boston to start this hour.


Hey Chris, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Thank you, sir. how are you today, Better than I deserve? What's up in your world? So I'm trying to figure out a way that I can set my parents up for financial wealth. They're in a tough situation right now. Okay. What, what's their situation? How old are they? Well, so they have 300,000 mortgage, no other debt, but they are way over the 25% they should be at. It's Alex, almost 70% of their income is their mortgage payment. How old are they? And They're very much struggling to pay for everyday things. Sure, Okay. How old are they?


Dad is 64. Mom is 62. Okay. How did we get into this mess? Did they quit their jobs retire and couldn't afford to? No, just, you know, poor, poor financial planning. My dad's looking to retire in two years, but they have no savings and no retirement. Okay. Well, typically they don't want your advice. It's the powdered butt syndrome. Once someone has powdered your butt, they don't really want your opinion on money or sex. That's Fair. And so it's hard to, it's hard to talk to your parents unless they invite you into the conversation.


And that would usually say something like, Hey dad, mom, I've been doing this stuff. And you talk about you a lot and you talk about some of the dumb things you've done and some of the dumb things you stopped doing and the good results that you had. And then mom or dad says something like, well, that'd be good. I wish I could do that. Can I show you please? Can I show you? Yeah. You invite them to ask you in by talking about you. Okay. But going over there and wagging your finger at them, it's probably not gonna work with most moms and dads. Would you agree? No, of course. Yeah. So I. That makes you what, 30 or 40? I Am 33 sir. Yeah. Okay. All right. And So I mean you And I both know the guy sell the house.


Right. That's actually, that, that was the first thing I told them. And they, they fought me tooth and nail for about three months. They just listed it two weeks ago. Oh, good. Okay. So you are actually making headway. I, I'm trying to, but I still feel like it, it's a long road ahead. And I was just hoping to find some better advice. There's no hack. I mean, you live on less than you make and you save and invest some money. That's the hack. Right? Of Course. And so we gotta get their housing where they can afford it and then get, you know, get on a budget and start stacking cash into their 4 0 1 Ks and so forth. What are, what are their careers? What are they doing? My father works in the welding industry.


He is a welder. He's not a welder. He, he sells the, the gases and welding equipment. Okay. For welders. All right. And your mom does what? She's retired. She's on Social security. How old is she? 62? Yeah, she's unable to work. Oh, okay. Why? She has a, a serious back condition. Her back's all messed up. Okay. Alright. That's sad. Hopefully she could find something to do in spite of that, that, that, you know, use your mind instead of your back type of a position. And 'cause what they desperately need is an infusion of cash.


And that comes from career, right? Correct. Yeah. Get that, get the house down where they can afford it and get, just get a rental property or whatever. And then let's see how fast we can stack some cash. Yeah. Is she bedridden or is she completely immobilized or can she actually do What? No, no. She's able to walk around. But you know, doing a regular day-to-day job would, would be impossible for her. Not true. Not true at all. What did she do prior to the back injury or, or retiring? She hasn't really worked in a long time. What did she do? Well, she was a manager for a restaurant maybe f maybe 10 years Ago. Fantastic, fantastic. So she understands customer service.


Yes. Yes, Absolutely. We live in a day and age where I think it'd be pretty darn easy for your mom to get a job where she can do customer service. She does it from her own home, does not require any physical effort at all. It's not going to require her to do anything she's not already doing in her normal life, customer service role or some type of a a, a phone role where she's working for a company. She could probably make pretty good money per hour and really help the cash infusion. That's an idea that she gotta bring to the table. This idea that she can't do anything is just completely false. Yeah. The good news is with the digital world that we're in, that there's a lot of options for folks, A lot of remote Work and that kind of thing that obviously she's not gonna carry a waitress tray around.


I get that right. Absolutely. And I don't have any problem with that at all. But yeah, so all I wanna do is get the income up, the out go down and that creates the space in between those two things called margin. And we throw that margin towards investments and we try to start, start building an nest egg. And, you know, you got 10 years to do it. If, if their health holds out, if his health holds out, but he's not retiring in two years, he, and, and you know, and they live on social insecurity with no money, you're gonna buy that cookbook. 74 ways to prepare Alpo. That doesn't work. You know, the old dog food thing is gross, you know, so it's a tough one, Chris.


But yeah, there, if they follow everything you te tell them, which is what you're gonna be telling them, what we would tell 'em here on the air is get on a budget, get your lifestyle down, get stack cash with the money you create in the middle. Get your income up. That's where it comes from. It's, it's, there's not a hack, there's not a short, you know, oh, let's go buy Bitcoin. No, that doesn't work. That just loses what little money you have. So that, that's the kind of cra you know, don't get desperate in other words. And fall for some con there's not a shortcut. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's the hard part of this whole thing. Open phones here at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Ken, the book you did find, the work you're wired to do, it goes along with the, the assessment, the get clear assessment to get clear on what you can do and what you're good at.


Right. I think sometimes when we're pinched in a corner like that, we don't, there's something about the stress of being put in a corner. Yeah. That you don't see all the po you don't do what, what Schuler used to call possibility thinking. That's right. Yeah. It's 'cause you're panicked. You've got a lot of fear and doubt and it's really, really hard to replace that narrative. That's why we call that assessment, by the way, the get Clear assessment. Here's what we've learned from studying psychology. And you look at successful people in times of confusion, in times of defeat, whatever you want to label it. They retreat to clarity, they get really, really clear. And what we teach is if you can get clear on what you do best, this is just raw talent or skillset that you've acquired.


And if you can focus on that, you've got an opportunity no matter what your financial situation is, to leverage that, to use that talent to actually go make money. That's just baseline and, and getting clear on like in his mom's situation. That question is, is the right question. Well what has she done in the past? Well, she was a manager of a restaurant. Lemme tell you something, she can take great care of somebody on the telephone and once she's trained and she understands the process and you know how many companies are looking for somebody that know how to talk to another human being. I mean, she's got a real talent that is transferrable to start making money right away. Yeah. She actually used to have face-to-face interaction with humans. She didn't grow up with a text. That's right.


Whoa. What a skill. That's right. Increasingly valuable skill in today's world. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey good Folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well in whole And I. Know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself. And most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Have y'all noticed that real estate is weird right now? It's weird out there. I mean, it's strange. If you're gonna buy a house right now, if you're gonna sell a house right now, you don't really need to be screwing around with this unless you're dealing with somebody that really knows what they're doing. 'cause it's a strange time and you need someone to help you navigate that. If you're a buyer that way you don't get ripped off and you don't get pushed into some kinda weird thing. Or if you're a seller, you get the proper amount for the property and the right kind of marketing advice from a pro who's actually done it before, not your Uncle Henry who got his license three weeks ago and demands that you li list your largest asset with him. That's dumb. Don't do that. No, no. We're gonna get like somebody that sells 30 to 300 houses a year. That's somebody who actually stays in the business. When things are good and when things are bad, they know the market. They know how to navigate weirdness and they can help you. We vet all of the agents that we put in the Ramsey trusted program. We coach them. They're lined up with what we teach here. They're line, they understand what you're call if you're listening to this show that you're gonna be calling with that mindset. And they really are. High octane, high protein getter done people with proven track records. To find a Ramsey trusted real estate agent for free, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


Amit is with us in Greensboro, North Carolina. Hi Amit, how are you? I'm great. how are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up? So I, long story here, but I was, my, my background and technical background is engineering and science. I did that for a few years. I went to school for it and everything, but loved basketball. Ended up switching careers, And I. Ended up coaching basketball first at the collegiate level, division one, and then into the NBA for the last two years. The NBA is moving more and more towards hiring players, even with 10 years experience in, in coaching at those levels. I'm having a hard time finding jobs that are paying me enough to, to get by.


I'm married, I don't have any kids, but we don't have, my wife makes exponentially more money than me. So financially we're okay. We have no debt, nothing homes paid off, cars are paid off. So we're good there. But I'm thinking now of transitioning into a different career. I have no idea what to do. And I've been so out of touch with what my degrees are in that. I don't know if I could go back or if anybody would take it, you know, bring me back there if that makes sense. It does make sense, but I want you to know that that's your fear and doubt. That's clouding your judgment. And just somebody who's completely objective, a former division one basketball coach, a former NBA coach is a highly attractive bio and resume, especially if you have some skillset that will apply to what you're going for.


Just, I'm just interested, what's your favorite part of coaching? To me it's about the relationships and the people I interact with every single day. Yeah. Whether it's players or other coaches or executives, whatever, administrators, whatever it may be. It's, it's a very people and relationship driven business. And that to me is why I got into it in the first place. I know the salaries are crazy right now, especially in the NBA. Right. But I never was about it for the money. I was in it for experience. Right. Opportunity. And just because it felt so satisfying and it still feels satisfying. And, I want, keep doing it right as long as I can while I'm Did you play, Do, did you play college basketball at any level? Did not. Did Not. You did not. And that's, that's the crazy part. So no, it's not. I'm five, I'm five 10, I'm Indian and there are not a lot of people that look like me that do this.


Right. Okay. You actually led me right into my question and you're making my case for me. You aren't in that position because of your X and O'S knowledge and being a guru, a guy who put up 25 points a game, you're not in that role and you haven't gotten into that role based on that. Is that true or false? I, my, my, my success is all from work and relationships. That's it. I don't have the 15 year NBA career that some of these guys. Exactly. And you have managed to get to the highest level of a sport. The NBA as a five foot 10 Indian, I mean, you really are an absolute freak in a good way.


Okay. And it's all based on your skillset of connecting with others. Can I just tell you something and Dave can chime in here. He's a guy that is the founder and active CEO of a company of over a thousand people. And he hosts the one of the largest, most influential leadership podcasts in the world. We talk about leadership all the time. America needs leaders. I'm paying attention to this stuff every day. And, and companies need people who can lead, people who know how to connect with people who know how to communicate with people who know how to instruct people who know how to encourage people. Amit, you got an incredible resume. Oh. And an engineering degree.


So if I'm you, I'm going, I'm gonna start with, let me take that degree of engineering And. I'm gonna look at the engineering field. I'm not gonna limit myself to engineering, but I'm gonna start there because I got the degree. And then I'm gonna, I'm gonna start working my connections by the way, I'm gonna give you my book, the Proximity Principle, which for a guy like you who's a learner, it's gonna give you the absolute formula, the five people you need to be around that will help you get where you want to go. And by the way, you have an unbelievable network. And so all those coaches who know business guys, your college connections with all these business guys who used to donate money big time, they were hanging around those D one programs. Those are your connections.


And you go, look, I got an engineering degree. I can get in the engineering field and lead people today. I may not be the most talented engineer. Which by the way, Amit, tell me if I'm right or wrong. The guys and gals that are leading teams of engineers are rarely the most talented engineer. True or false? I Wanna know, I've been, I've been removed from it for so long that I, that I don't remember. Alright. I'll tell you the answer. The answer is leading engineers. You don't have to be the smartest Dave the most talented engineer. You just gotta know how to lead people. And this guy, he's bonafide. That's my take. And he's, he's going for management and leadership positions across the spectrum of the business world. I think he can go just about anywhere because it's not about the trade and it's not about the industry.


It's about his ability to come in and bring a team together. That's my, that's my 2 cents on that one. You're exactly right. The, you know, what we teach when we're teaching entree leadership to business people is what happens a lot of times is small businesses, people become accidental. Yeah. Entrepreneurs, you know, I'm really good at heating and air And, I, get me a truck and then I look up And I got 40 people and 10 trucks. Yeah, that's right. Running around now. I'm no longer, now I'm no longer a heating and air technician. Now I'm a leader. That's right. And leading and running a business is a different skillset than fixing your air conditioner. And leading and running a people is a different skillset than playing basketball or being an engineer.


The leadership skillset you excel in. That's right. And so you do have a great resume in that sense. Now the trick is where do you want to Right. Plug it in. What type of a business? What kind of dynamic environment do you wanna be in? Yeah. Where you are leading and then finding people through your connections with proximity principle to plug into one of those locations would be, it'd just be amazing. Yeah. I mean he can absolutely make this transition and do very, very well. Because what he has going for him that a lot of NBA coaches don't have, if they leave the, that industry is he's got a really good degree. That engineering degree is very helpful. Meaning he's got that skillset, he's got the mindset to think like an engineer.


You add the leadership to it. Unbelievable. Absolutely. That's exactly how it works. So hang on, we'll have Christian pick up and we will get you signed up for that. Send out that book to you, Amit. So Ken, the proximity principle, the, the give us the thesis of that. Yeah. It just simply means this, if I am around the people and in the places that of the space that I wanna be in, then opportunities come my way. And so the formula is this. The right people plus the right places always will equal opportunity. I gotta get around the right people and then I get in the right places. And when I'm in the right places, I meet more of the right people and then they point me to the right places.


And it is this knowledge and connection combination that just keeps moving, moving, moving, moving, moving. And if you stay with it long enough opportunities show up on your doorstep. This idea of kicking the door down is Hollywood bravado. It makes for great fantasy, but in the real world, connections come at the most le at the most unexpected times because we keep showing up in the right place or we keep showing up around the right people and all of a sudden I'm top of mind or I've got the experience. And I was showing up and then boom, I'm ready to step into it. Speaking of basketball, John Wooden, arguably one of the greatest coaches of all time, certainly basketball. My favorite quote Dave.


He said, when opportunity comes, it's too late to prepare. And the proximity principle gets me in a place when the opportunity shows up, I'm ready to step right into it because I kept putting myself around the right people and in the right places. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys. Emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The. Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't bandaids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one. And you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey


in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Nathan and Brittany are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Doing Well. how are you? Doing Better than we deserve. Where do you guys live? Chattanooga. Alright, just down the road. Well, welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off $73,545. Excellent. And how long did that take? About 14 months. Good for You and your range of income during that time? 80 to about a hundred thousand. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a first grade teacher And I'm a mental health therapist. And I Direct. A college counseling center for a local college. Oh, excellent. Very good. so what kind of debt was the 74 grand? It was taxes.


It was a car. Credit cards. And I. Had student loans. Student loans. Yeah. Y'all were kind of normal. Yeah, Yeah. Very normal. Yeah. Normal sucks. Yeah, it did. so what happened 14 months ago? What was your wake up call? What was your Something's got to change moment. Yeah. Well we went through Financial Peace University whenever we got married five years ago. And we were Ramsey ish for about three and a half years and paid off only $30,000 of debt. So you Flunked? Yes, very much so. A big F. And then 14 months ago we owed in taxes for the first time and had to get new tires on our car within a couple days of each other. And we both felt like we got punched because we had a bunch of bills.


We had student loans, credit cards, and now we had to get new tires and pay the IRS, which is a scary feeling. It's interesting that owing the IRS suddenly like that is like a hundred x more drama than owing the exact same amount to a credit card company. Yes. It was scary because They're, they're just like, yeah. And, and with good reason. 'cause they're scary people, but Yeah. But wow. That does, there is something puts a lump in your throat, a knot in the stomach, and you gotta, okay, this has gotta stop. We gotta get that old financial piece book back out this time we're doing it. Yes, exactly. Is that what it sounded like?


Yeah. I mean we, I started working at my school. We have an opportunity to work the late stay program and So I started working from 7:00 AM to 6:00 PM every day. He started door dashing, he started teaching classes. Yeah. So we, Any extra that we could do, we were trying to do, we cut up our credit cards. Yeah. The whole nine yards. Yeah. It got very serious. Yeah. Got on a budget. Yeah. Well we were on a budget, but we started actually following the budget. Oh yeah. Actually doing It. Yeah. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. See, here's what I want people to hear. You knew the plan, you said you were ish and then you go from ish to R Right. Like that r that Ramsey was like, it's a, it's a guttural kind of a sound. so what word?


Beyond working hard, what were some of the communication changes in order to actually finally go, we're doing this thing. Yeah. Yeah. We had to quit making excuses and you know, our date knots look a lot different. Friday knots, we were having cheap pizza watching Smart, Money, Happy Hour at home. You know, I mean just Yeah. The communication. We begin to more just breathe and communicate Ramsey. Yeah. And we communicated about everything. Yeah. Like people in our lives would be like, you're talking about buying gum, but it'd be like, no, we're, we're communicating about everything. Saying this is where our budget's going. Is it okay that we put this in the miscellaneous category? 'cause it came up unexpectedly.


Yeah. We just communicated about every little thing. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Glad the wake up call was something small. Yeah, us too. Yeah. Knock out. Yeah, us too. That the why. So, so your, your core reason was to get away from that fear. That's what drove you. That, that that moment, you know, I don't ever wanna feel like this again. Yeah. Right. And to change our generation that comes after us. We want Yeah. That's the more noble step. Once you get past the fear, you're like, okay, we're gonna change the family tree. Yeah. Yeah. We never want our kids to experience that. Right. The fear motivated us, but then also, I mean, we're both Christians and so once we begin getting on that, that path, like it wasn't easy. It felt like spiritual warfare at times. Like things kept on coming up, coming up, coming up.


But we realized like, you know, we also want to use our finances to honor God and steward what we've been given. Well, yeah. Yeah. Good for you guys. Well done. Well done. What do you tell people the key to getting out of debt is? Well, other than getting to Brittany in their life, because like I could take an hour and talk about how incredible that she is, but other, other than that, 'cause I've got her and that's my, my step, but, but I would say know your why. Just, I mean, tying it back into that and for ours was for giving praise to the lord Jesus. Yeah. And intentionality because as we said, it took us three and a half years to pay off 30,000 and then we paid off 73,000 in 14 months.


In 14 months. Oh yeah. And it's just funny how we had so many people tell us on while we were on this journey. Oh, I just wish we could do that. I wish we could do that. Yeah. And it's like, well you can't, all you have to do is make the hard choices. Yeah. Because it is hard. It's not an easy thing. It was the hardest season we've had so far. Yeah. But the intentionality is what changed it. And if we can do it, anyone can. Yeah. Delony says choose your hard, I mean, it's hard to owe the IR Rs money. Yeah. And not be able to put your tires on your car. That's hard. Yeah. But there's also the hard of I'm gonna sacrifice So I. Don't ever have to face that again. Yeah. That's, that's a better hard to choose. Yeah. Choose that one. And that's the one you chose the second time. Exactly. Good job y'all. Yeah. Well done. Very, very, very well done. So what was the hardest part?


What was the biggest fight you had while you were doing this? 14? The hardest part was just making sure that we were both serious at the same time. Because it is hard and it's really nice to do this with somebody to keep you accountable. And so when I would say, I think we should use the budget for this, or he should we, he would say that we should use the budget for this. We, it was just hard sometimes getting on the same page and it was really easy to have one person say, well why not for this? Oh, also, no, spend months are hard. Yeah. Those are really, really hard. And so just making sure we would get on the same page.


Yeah. And I'm, you know, Rachel Cruz talks about like, I'm a spontaneous giver. She says that in her book, know yourself, know your money. And for me, I had to be like, no, I can't give. Right. I mean we gave to our church obviously. Yeah. That was our plan to giving. But for me, I had to keep that like long distance goal of like, I wanna be able to live and give like no one else. Yeah. Yeah. So right now I'm gonna not do the spontaneous. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Because everything's gotta be dialed into a plan Right. For a period of time here with this intensity. Yeah. Right. Well done. You guys proud of y'all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Who was cheering you on? We had a lot of good cheerleaders in our life, but our main ones are here today. Yeah. We have my parents, as I said, my dad, he had us do financial peace university whenever we first got married.


And then my mom, she is an avid couponer and so we haven't paid for toiletries or anything like that because of her. And then also there were some times that we'd come home from work and our fridge would be full of groceries. Yeah. Oh. Because She was just being a great blessing. Yeah. And then my best friend Megan is here and she has just been the ultimate cheerleader. Like every little thing she'd be like, you paid off $50. Yeah. That's awesome. Just cheering every little step along the way. So just truly done a great cheerleader. Very Cool. Yeah. Good job you guys. Yeah. You surround yourself with people that love you and support you and that instead of a bunch of Debbie downers around you. That's very smart. Very smart. Well done. Good stuff. Good stuff. Poor Debbie and poor Karen. They've just gotten missed over, haven't they? Yes, Absolutely.


Oh. my gosh. Wow. Well way to go. You two. Very, very cool. Good stuff. Nathan and Brittany from Chattanooga. $74,000 paid off in 14 months, making 80 to 100. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We Debt free. That is how it's done. Wow. Ken, if we can ever solve the formula to get people to be intense automatically Yeah.


While they're in the class. Sometimes they are, sometimes they're not. That's right. But if we can solve that formula and not have that three and a half year gap of Ish Yeah. Before something has to come along, punch you in the gut to get you awake. We will, we will have hit, you know, we will hit a milestone. That, that will be huge. Yeah. 'cause the number of people, the number of you listening out there right now, you know, you you, you listen to this stuff but you don't do it. Yeah. And, and, and here's the thing, I'm just sitting here watching this and those of you that are listening, you could hear it and Nathan Nathan's this very nice soft-spoken young man and he just let it rip. And what's fun about watching that and there's no judging whether you're louder than, than the next deck, free screamer.


But there's something emotional there. And to your point, Dave, if you can figure out how good it's going to feel in that a class like, and you see what it feels like, that's the idea is bottling that and going, why would I want to delay that? I want to get through this now and experience what's on the other side of it. Yeah. Fantastic. Step away from the ish, Right? That's Right. Don't do the ish back away. Don't do the ish don't do it. Just cannonball. Don't do It. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


Hey guys, we could use your help. It helps us a bunch and we know you're doing it because we're seeing the numbers are incredible. If you subscribe to the show on the platform that you're doing or follow the show on the platform that you're listening or watching, whether it's YouTube or Spotify or you know, apple Podcast, putting Google Play, whatever it is, just click follow or subscribe. It makes a big difference. Also share the show. Some of these things. Have a share button where you can share it. Maybe you're just listening on talk radio. Tell people where you're listening. You know, I'm in Phoenix, I listen on KTAR, you know, and, and The Ramsey Show on there. It's changed my life. Tell people, tell people when you read a good book, tell people when you see a good movie, tell people, when you hear a good show, a good podcast, a good YouTube show, whatever it is, spread the word and we know you're doing it because the our numbers are are up astronomically and we appreciate it.


But when you do all that, it also affects all of those platforms, algorithms and the way people are behaving on there affects whether they push the show out forward in front of people that don't even know they're searching for it. And so it it, it changes everything when you do that, guys. It's a big deal. Thank you very, very much. Even the five star reviews, those help a bunch too. Thank you. William is with us in Providence, Rhode Island. Hi William, how are you? Hey guys, I'm great. Thanks for taking my call. I appreciate it. Sure. How can we help? So I'm in the military, And I just got married two months ago. Congratulations You all about four months ago. Thanks man. I appreciate it. I discovered you guys four months ago.


Life has been excellent. So we're in the process of moving and we're paying off my wife's student loan debt. It's about $28,000 and we figured out we're gonna be moving to Hawaii in March, looking at housing prices over there. It's gonna be pretty insane, at least to do like first month's rent, security deposit, everything like that. So I'm looking at your advice on how to approach that, taking a pause at baby step two and how to move forward there. It's not really a pause on baby step two, it's just a pause on the whole thing. 'cause you've got a, you know, something staring, you're, you're staring, you know, you're staring at this thing in front of you and you've gotta deal with it.


Right. And so, right. You know, what I would do is put a detailed number on the March move, stop everything and pile up that number 'cause it's coming. It's not if it's just Oh yeah, it's not, there's no question about the probability of it. And so, and then when you've got that number, then push play, set that number to the side, push play, and then start working it again. Okay. Yeah, that, that's exactly how you do it. So I do that. So, so which branch are you in? I'm in the Navy. Okay. Yep. Well thank you for your service, sir. We appreciate you guys and Well, I appreciate you guys. And how old are you? 2 28 and my wife is 26.


Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Have you been through Financial Peace University yet? No, sir. We've, we've been just kind of listening to the show and, and making a go at it. Okay. So it's been A, we're gonna give that to you as a belated wedding gift. Mm. Two months into my wedding. I wish two months into my marriage, I wish somebody had shown me this stuff. My life would've been completely different in a good way. So yeah, And I got a pretty good life. But yeah, so anyway, hang on. Christian's gonna pick up, we'll get you signed up for Financial Peace University. 'cause Hawaii is expensive. Yeah. You need to, And that's the truth. Dave, I gotta ask a quick question because this is, I'm curious to know your take on this. If I was in this situation, now he's in the military, so he may not be able to do anything outside of his military service.


But if his wife is not working outside of the home, or even if she is, I'm the kind of guy that if I were in that position in the baby steps, certainly in baby step two, And, I had an expense like that that was coming and we knew it was gonna be a chunk. So let's just say it was, I'll make this up, for example, purpose. I had to come up with $5,000 for something in March. I'm the kind of guy that's going to go crazy trying to make extra money and fund that 5,000 above and beyond what I'm doing outta my normal budget, towards the baby steps. Do you, do you, does that bother you? Is That, that's, that's an okay thing. The the thing is, it works exactly the same way if you just push stop That's true. And then go crazy Right.


And pile it up that much faster. But I'm the guy, guy hates losing the progress. Yeah. Put, put, put, you know. But if you pile it up twice as fast right. Because you're not staying in play mode, you push pause then, then you, you boom, you're, you're back at it. And mathematically you'll end up in about the same place and, but you're right. It does, it does light a fire under you to get it done quick. Yeah. Jack is in Los Angeles. Hey Jack, how are you? I'm good. how are you doing Better than I deserve? What's up? My fiance And I are both 25 years old. We're getting married two months from now and we're of course looking to combine finances.


Not sure the best way to go about it on a couple fronts. One, should we be waiting until we're married? Two, we both do have credit cards. We both as of last month are debt free. But we're wondering should we be keeping them, should we get rid of them? We're worried about, you know, canceling them, impacting our credit scores as we look to buy a house. So hoping to get your advice on all of that. Okay. You don't combine finances until you're married. Okay. And after you're married then yes, you combine them. 'cause the preacher will say, and now you are one. And that's what that means. Until then you've got all kinds of issues when you combine things that can happen.


If, if something terrible happened before the wedding, you get, you get yourself into a mess. So we just wait until then. As far as keeping your credit cards open, the best thing I know to do is cut them up and close everything and have zero balances. And if you have no active accounts going, it takes about six months for your credit score to just disappear. You. What you don't want is a medium credit score. You, you either want a very high one or a no credit score when you're going for a mortgage. No credit score sets you up for manual underwriting with someone like Churchill Mortgage hour per, you know, the team that we've endorsed for mortgages for almost 30 years now.


And, and they can help you do a manual underwriting with zero credit score. But you don't want, you don't wanna be a no man's land in the middle. And that's what'll happen if you keep a bunch of stuff open with zero balances because the FICO is algorithm is built to where it wants you to be in debt to drive an 800 credit score, you have to get in debt and stay in debt and pay it regularly. I pay my credit cards off every month or I don't use them at all. And they're open will damage your credit score. So will closing them, we'll damage your credit score, but closing them is the path to get to zero. And that's where I would recommend you go is to zero.


And it's okay to not buy a house immediately, by the way. It's gonna take about six months for this to happen. So six months, six months from the time you're married, you both close all accounts, you have zero balances, zero activity of any kind on anything that's reporting to fi CO you will disappear, you'll fall off the grid, which is what you're trying to do here. And the, you know, that's the goal. And we recommend in general, young couples getting married, that they wait a year to buy a house. It takes about a year of marriage to know how close to your mother-in-Law to buy. You gotta get to know each other. Okay. And you, you know, you, you've been married 20 minutes, you're gonna buy a different house then than you will when you've been married 20 months.


It's a different, it's a different property you're gonna sign up for. And so it just, you know, just take your time. You got, you got the rest of your life, you're gonna be okay. I don't want you to take 10 years, but you, you can take a few months and, and during that time, you had the opportunity for the credit score to go away. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm thinking back to when Stacy And I got married and, and this whole question. And we, we were walking through premarital counseling. Both of our dads were pastors. And so they were, you know, really driving home the point that you made keep everything separate. Separate of course. But it was us trying to clean everything up and Stacey had some debt and we worked really hard to help her. And she, she went after it and to enter into marriage with, and we had a little debt.


I had a little bit of student loans left and she had a little bit left and then we knocked 'em out in that first couple years. But it was such a big deal for us to, in the first 12 months, just learn how each other handled money. You know what I mean? How you handle life. There's that too. But it's like to make a big purchase decision like that and strap yourself into a a, a mortgage like that without kind of, as you said, experiencing marriage and the way we viewed money, that first 12 months for us was really eyeopening. And we had to learn how to get on the same page. Yeah. It was for my wife Sharon, she realized she'd made a huge mistake. Well Stacey as well, poor woman. They have the patience of Joe Thought, thought she married Sir Galahad.


Turns out it was goober. Right? I resemble that. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you And I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to myself, two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love The Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. This is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download The Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality number one bestselling author and host of The Ken. Coleman Show. A great podcast on the Ramsey Networks. He's my co-host today. Open phones here. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Rashaan is with us in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Rashaan, how are you? Hey, how are you doing guys? how are you doing Better than I deserve, sir, how can I help? So I'm kind of in of a little dilemma to where I feel like I've wasted 10 years of my life and how So long story short, coming outta high school, I didn't know exactly what I wanted to do with my life and you know, I scrambled, I went from nursing land care, being an entrepreneur.


I did a whole bunch of things and found myself in trucking. Now I've been in trucking for about four years and throughout me trying to figure myself out and going back and forth through college, online courses and things of that nature, I've, I've tackled on a little bit of debt, which is minuscule compared to others. But I also got into a couple of vices. Drinking, smoking. And I guess the biggest one would be gambling. I have two sons and a daughter. And I recently popped the question. So now I'm on my last year in my twenties. I turned 30 in November.


And now just kind of reminiscing of what went wrong and how many years and days, months and seconds have I really wasted of just not figuring out life. I don't have a savings. I don't have, if it wasn't for my current employer, I wouldn't even have health insurance. No. 401k, no big plans. Most of my life has been basically paycheck to paycheck. Just surviving. I'm Not, you're in a great place. Yeah, I would say so. My dad told me growing up, 90% of solving a problem is realizing there is one. Right. And I just and And I realized that And I, I've listened to you, I listened to you guys for a while now I just never really had the courage to really call.


But speaking to my fiance, you know, she, she said It'll be a good idea. Don't be scared. You know, and and from what I've heard from what, what I'm here, what I've heard from you guys in the past, especially giving other people advice, you guys are very blunt. And I. I feel like that's needed. So, I. I'm just kind of just wondering where should I start? Okay. So, I heard, I heard four things that you described as problems. Smoking, drinking, gambling, and not sticking with a career track. Did I hear that right? Right. Okay. If those are the four problems, what is causing that get down under what?


The cause of those things. And I bet. It's the same thing as causing all three of them. It could be simple immaturity, it could be, you know, you got demons from your childhood chasing you or something. I don't know. Not literal demons, but possibly. But the, but, but I mean, okay, so, so, because I mean, the obvious answer is it's almost like a joke. You know, Bob Newhart just passed away, but he had a famous routine that he did as a psychiatrist. He wasn't a psychiatrist, he played one on tv. But he, he would, you know, people would come in and tell him their problems and he would just yell, stop it. You know, just stop it. Yeah. And that, and then that'll be $5, you know, stop it.


That'll be $5. And so that, that's kind of, it's kind of like where you are, right? I mean, it's like, okay, the gambling, the drinking are are, have you stopped it? I have. I I can, I'll be honest. I've, I've doubted That was a no. Yeah, no, I haven't, I I haven't, I have stopped, I forcibly stopped myself from gambling. I, I self exempt myself. Banned myself within Virginia State. So for about five years of that five years has been, I want to say close to three. I haven't smoked in about a good, almost nearly a year. Okay. And my last drink was probably last weekend. Okay, well a start. So then I guess the other thing you think about is who are you running around with that was caught that, that was thinking that this is a good idea and you're not running around with them anymore.


'cause you know, you become who you hang around with. That's right. That's true. Rayan, Rayan, I'm gonna be real blunt with you. Just 'cause you opened up the door and usually Dave does all the blunt. But I'm gonna tell you something. You have been trying to escape a life that you don't enjoy. And you need to start building today a life that you don't need to escape from. Gambling is a rush. It is trying to discover what it feels like to Be, I enthralled Went win to win. That's right. And I think it's building a life. And I. I know I'm the work guy at Ramsey, but the, the research backs me up. This is not my opinion. When, when a, when a human being does something in their day that is meaningful, then they don't need to escape from life.


The, the reward is knowing that you are doing something that matters to you because it matters to someone else. So from a work standpoint, we're gonna give you some tools by the way. 'cause there's a lot to cover here. But I wanna give you the get clear assessment in the book. Find the work you're wired to do because I think it'll really help you. And then we could also set up a call for you to come on my show where we can go a little bit deeper here. But my friend, what is ailing you is that there Dave's right, there's something in your soul that is longing for meaning and purpose. Or there's this vision you had of your life that maybe you don't think is possible. And a lot of fear and doubt along this way.


These 10 years in your twenties, you've gotten to a point where you didn't think it was possible. And so to medicate you medicated through alcohol and you medicated through nicotine and you've medicated through gambling. And, I think Dave's right stop it. Is, is you don't need to be sad, you need to be mad. And I think a good, healthy sense of self anger to say as Dave, you said it on the stage. I'll hand it to you. It is the most powerful thing I've ever heard you say. And I've seen you say it. I feel like I've seen you say it a thousand times, but it it's where you get to a point where you're sick and tired of being sick and tired and and he's at a great place. Yeah. You gotta say, I've had it. I've Had it. I'm not living like this anymore. And it's with Erv. And, and so, and and the good news is, is that you're doing some real manly, masculine things.


Absolutely. You're taking ownership of this stuff. You're engaged, you're gonna be a dad, you're actually gonna show up and be a dad's. Right. Not just father children. There's a difference. That's right. That's right. You're, you know, you're entering into all of these things and so what would you do? What, you know, what, what's the course on how to do life Right. That you'd sign up for? Well, I'd get plugged in with some men Yes. That are who I wanna be when I grow up. Oh, that's true. And And I. I, And I would, you know, get a group of guys that I hang out with all the time. 'cause you do become who you hang around with. So True. As a matter of fact, folks, the research says that your income over a 10 year period of time will be within 15% of the average of your 10 closest friends income. That's right. Some of you're going, I need some new friends. That's true.


Well, you might. Okay. It's okay. So that's, you know, and, and so in my case, what happened with me Rashan was I, I got plugged into a good church. 'cause I met God And I met other men that were trying to be men, be good dads, good husbands. And I started learning from them. And I, So I was hanging out with people, had the same aspirational goals that I had from a spiritual, emotional, relational, financial, everything. And, and instead of just hanging out with my drinking buddies, it's a different group of people. I can tell you that. And so that, that's how I did it. And, and that's what we'll, we'll plug into a bunch of Ken's materials though. Hold on. Christian will pick up, we'll get you some of his stuff to get wired.


They get clear assessment with the find the work you're wired to do book and the whole thing will help you with all of it. You're a good man. You got a good heart. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, it doesn't take a degree in statistics to realize this one stinks. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're delinquent and drowning, mom or Papa or Uncle Joe is stuck in that financial stress along with you. But there is a way out. Why Refi Why Refi offers a custom refinancing option with a fixed rate loan based on your ability to pay. And the average interest rate Why Refi offers is 3.9%, which can significantly reduce your monthly payment and decrease your total cost. Contact Why Refi at 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or the letter Y, then REF y.com/ramsey Why Refi is not licensed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Why Refi is not authorized by the New York State Department of Financial Services to service any New York loans. Funding may not be available in all states.


Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Our question of the day comes from Kevin in Georgia. Kevin asked with the presidential election coming up, I have been doing research on who to vote for. Sorry, I can only laugh at that. Some politicians want to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. What are the pros and cons of this? My thought is that it means products and services will go up in price and everyone will be right back to the same financial spot they were in before the increase. Yeah. Okay. This is one of my favorite things to talk about. This is economics 1 0 1 and Dave. I talk about this some on my show and it's hysterical to see people just come at me with the vitriol and the hate over basic economics as though I came up with it.


But it's very simple. When a minimum wage is raised, it puts financial pressure on the economy in a negative way. But, but the bleeding hearts and people who don't understand basic economics go, well, this is, well, they Great, well, they think Santa Claus is providing the money, right? But the reality is, is that those in The customer pays for it. Well, Yeah. The grocery store, the, the fast food place passes on the increased cost to your combo meal. And so you gripe about inflation and yet you celebrate federal minimum wage ideas. Now, let me just address that. This is nothing more than a political football because 1.1% happen, 1.1% of Americans are on the minimum wage.


That's exactly right. And one freaking percent. Right. And if you look at what happened during Covid, there was societal pressure on this. And we saw a couple big stores, namely Walmart and Target, raise their minimum wage voluntarily. And a lot of companies followed suit. And then came, we Went from $10 to $15 to $20 in about 18 months. And then You saw the great resignation as a result of that. And now very stubborn inflation. So if you Wanna know how it actually works, pay attention to how inflation rose from 2020 to the end of 2022. So it's not arguable, you can't debate it. You know, you can chase your tail if you want to. It's mathematics.


But it Just, it is, it's math. When The person putting the bread on the shelf At the grocery store makes $20 instead of $10, that cost of that bread has to go up. Or the grocery store loses money and goes out of business and the cost of the bread goes up. And so you buying the bread pay more. The cost of the eggs go up when the person handling the eggs is paid more. It's very simple. It it's because it, it's like, we're gonna raise taxes on corporations. No, you're not. Corporations don't pay taxes. They pass the cost of the tax through to the buyer of their goods and services.


Their customers pay the taxes. They're built into your product. So if you raise taxes on corporations, you raise prices on the people that are doing it. It's economics. It's not, it's not, it's not liberalism or conservatism. It's just freaking math. If you run a business, you have to charge more than it costs you. Which by the way, Dave, let's point this out 'cause we have a very large audience, all political spectrums. Make sure you hear this. If you're somebody right now, and there's a lot of Americans, three out of five Americans, new data just came out, believe we're in a recession, which we are not by the actual definition of it, but it's inflation that's making people feel this way. Hear this, when you hear certain people on the left say, we're gonna raise taxes on small business and we're gonna raise taxes on the corporations.


What you don't understand is, is the opposite of that policy. To cut taxes on small business, to cut taxes on big business means that the cost of everything in your life will go down, which means you keep more of your paycheck if you're disciplined. It's really important that people understand this stuff. 'cause it gets politicized and, and you don't look at The math. You think that there's not a, there's not, you think it's a one and done, but all it is is a chain reaction. It's exactly. You're pushing a domino when you raise the cost of something in business. That's right. That's right. You're pushing a domino. And then the next thing down costs more. So if ga here's an example. Okay. If gas is $5 a gallon, instead of $2 and 50 cents a gallon, the truck delivering the stuff to the store has to pay twice as much in fuel cost.


So they're gonna charge more to deliver the stuff to the store. So the store is going to charge you more when you buy that loaf of bread that came off the bread truck. Yep. It it is a domino. There's a domino's going all the way down the line here. And, and so you are paying for the truck driver's higher fuel bill when you buy stuff that, that truck carries buy definition, you don't have a choice. And it's not a, you know, you can not like that or like that. Well, that's evil. It's capitalism. Well try communism. If you visited those countries, they have a line to get the bread. The bread sucks. You can't get it. There's a shortage because they don't produce goods and services.


And so these are, you know, I, people who love communism are people who have not traveled. Okay. Go to the country. I've traveled all over the world about, the only thing I'm sure of is I'm always happy when I get back to America. That's right. Okay. And, and you can dislike some of the stuff that goes on in America. We're not perfect. I don't have that. But I gotta tell you, man, there's very few places in the world you can have this quality of life. And it is this freaking system that gave you this quality of life. So that's your minimum wage answer. Oh, by the way, 1% of Americans are on minimum wage. So if you raise the minimum wage, it does absolutely nothing. That's correct. So it's political bull crap is what it is. Yeah. The only other people that are affected are, some of the union contracts are indexed off of minimum wage.


So whatever minimum wage does, the union contract gets the same bump. So it does affect actually more than the 1%. But it's still a minuscule thing. It's absolute political bull crap. Yeah. What does drive the cost of entry level work up is a supply demand issue. That's what we ran into at Covid. There was a shortage of workers and these stores were having to pay people more money to come to work. And so that's the only way they could get them, was to pay them more. That is a free market pressure to drive wages up. Not a regulated pressure. There's a difference. And so it, in either case though, the $20 person versus the $10 person putting something on the shelf is built into the cost of whatever they put in the shelf.


Whether it's driven by the rise of minimum wage, which it probably doesn't affect that. Almost every grocery store is paying more than minimum wage. Almost every restaurant's paying more than minimum wage. They can't attract workers right now unless they do targets. Walmarts. Yeah. By the way, Amazon, that's an absolute fact. Amazon, everybody, nobody's, none of these people are working for seven and a quarter. That's Right. They're all paying above the, the actual federal minimum wage. It Is a, is a full price. So you could move the minimum wage and it wouldn't change those people's pay one dime. That's correct. One dime doesn't change a thing. But, but it's so, it's political bull crap. We we're, we're for the working man. We're trying to help the little man.


Oh, bull crap. You haven't tried to help the little man in decades either One of you. If you did, you cut your own pay and balance your budget. Quit spending the dad gun much. If you wanted to help the little man, you cut taxes on the little man. If you actually cared about the little man, both of you, you s and D's sicken me. That's right. You just, the cra we're for small business. You haven't done anything for small business in decades except tax our assumptions off. I mean, it's absolutely crazy. While we're at it, if, if both parties cared about the average American and their income and their children's children's opportunity, we'd have a balanced budget amendment. It'd be a single issue balance. The federal budget states all across this country have a constitutional requirement to actually balance their state budgets.


And we don't have a, and we're, we're now $35 trillion in national debt. And, I think it's the issue. No one's talking about it. And we, the people, it's not gonna come up. It's not going to, we just walk around going, well, they'll figure it out. No they won't. And so, you know, anyway, that's, they don't really care. So all of this is politics, all of it. And it's all perception. It's all emotion. And, you know, and this idea that somehow you're going to straight, you know you're gonna ruin the economy so that you can ruin America. It's a bad plan, y'all. It's a bad plan. 'cause you can't have this good a life anywhere else. Anywhere else in the world. The best shot at going from poverty to wealth in the history of the world, statistically, is to be born in America right now in poverty versus being born anywhere else in poverty.


Communism does not lift people outta poverty. Socialism doesn't lift people out. Poverty. Margaret Thatcher said it best. So the problem with socialism is eventually you run out of other people's money. Venezuela in the news Today. Today? Yep. Today. Alright. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years, and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am the Middle, how gonna be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And it Doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud. And you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today, Thanks for hanging out with us. America Luke is in Maryland. Hi Luke, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hi. how are you guys doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? So, just a bit of background. I'm, I'm 19, I'll be a sophomore in college this fall, graciously through five 20 nines. The first two years of college will be paid for. However, my second two years of college will not be. And even with me living off campus for those last two years and paying for my own groceries and stuff, I'll still need about $48,000 to complete college and get my degree. As of now, the option of in front of me is student in debt.


But I've been listening to you for a while and I'm very anxious to do that. I currently do not have any debt. I have a paid off car, very reliable. I have no credit cards, I have no other debt. However, I recently just got in contact with a recruiter through my school for the Army National Guard. And through the sixth year contracts, I would be able to have, once I'm completed basic training and schooling for the job, I would be able to leave college without any debt. And I would be able to have a nice little chunk of change around 17,000, maybe more, leaving college in my bank account. So, I can just start my life. Yeah. So, but the National Guard has a phenomenal program for students in your situation.


What you, what you, what you stumbled into, there was a gold mine. Yes. It's an excellent, excellent program. And it's not gonna be bad for you as a man at all to go through the whole process. And so I can't Yes, absolutely. Hands down, go do that. So, okay. The last time I looked at it, we endorsed them for a while because they had like a, like $10,000 cash at sign, like a signing bonus that went towards tuition immediately. Is that, it must be more than that now with, with numbers you just gave me. So in one more detail, basically I'd get a $7,500 signing bonus I signed between October 1st and May 15th.


That would be given to me after I finished my job schooling. I would get $4,000 immediately as federal tuition assistance. That's per year. Everything else, But, and it maxes out. Yeah. So you got 7,500 plus eight grand there. Yes, sir. Yeah. And then I get 20, $20,000 per year for state tuition assistance after I've completed my basic training and job schooling that would, right now, if I'm trying to get the best or max out the benefits, I would need to basically slightly defer my spring semester this year of college. And then that way I can do my basic training and schooling without missing any more college.


That's kind of my only holdup. I've been talking to my college counselor and as long as I take one online class, I can still be enrolled in my college. So that should not be an issue. Perfect, Perfect. Do that. You're not, I hate the word defer there. I understand how they're using it, but this is the no-brainer for you to, to, to do the one class stay eligible. Yeah. You're gonna come Out debt free, you're gonna be 25 years old and have served in the National Guard Fantastic. And come out and have, come out of college completely debt free. Okay. Great. Thank you guys. This Is, we, we've worked with these guys for years. I, I I, I think the numbers changed from state to state if I recall, in terms of what, how much assistance they give and different things.


But the package they're offering you is solid. I mean, you're looking at it and you're, you're going, this looks good. You're, you're kind of almost like, it's too good. You're kind of worried, right? Yes, sir. Yeah. I think the, I think the downside is, is you are gonna be in the military and that means they own your butt. Right? Yeah. And I don't have a problem with that. My father was a member of the Air Force. So. I have no issue serving my country at all. The, the only slight holdup I had is my contract starts immediately when I signed, like this October. So I'll be done, I'll be getting, getting three years done. I'm in college, but the last three years I'll be doing while I'm, while I have my career. Yep. And I know Legally jobs, can't say no to hiring, but I'm still just a little, No, we hire, we hire folks.


We got several folks in the next, we just got an award from 'em for the, our employees, when they go out, we pay 'em. Yeah. We keep paying them. We, we, that's one way that we're show our patriotism here at Ramsey. So there's some jobs that not only that, that are, that go the other way. Like they're really proud to have you on. Yeah. And proud that you're not here. I mean, some of our guys, one of my tech guys the other day stepped out. He was gone for a period of time with a guard and then came back and he, And, I were talking about it at lunch. And, but they came the other day and gave, gave Ramsey a an award for this for the number of times that we've supported our guard people when they go out. And so yeah, that's, but there are, there are actual Americans that are proud to support you and that own businesses out here.


Like mes That's right. And so, but yeah, I, I don't think it's a Hold up. No, I wouldn't hold that up a bit. As long as you get the idea that, you know, you're not, I hate the military, but I'm doing this for the money. I wouldn't do that. Right. But I'm not hearing that at all with you. You wanna serve your country, your parent, your dad was in the forces. And so Yeah. I, I, Luke I think it's brilliant. Brilliant. I'm totally signing on for this. Yeah. I, you know, I'm, this is, I'm not gonna get into policy here, but you know, we've got this, the, the federal government Dave is in the banking business in the onerous student loan program. And they, you know, certain administrations will make it a political football and yet not shut the program down.


But this to me, there's something here. And I. I've long felt like we need some type of national service program, whether it's in the military or something else. And, I love this option. I wish more young people would do this to combat their rising tuition costs and not be stuck with generations of debt. This is such a viable option in good, because you become a part of something far bigger than yourself. I I love this program. You know, I, until you said that just then in my entire life, I have never thought until just this second, that if you want your student loans forgiven, that you go serve your country for a period of time. And we will forgive some of them. That might be a student loan forgiveness program.


I could actually get behind. I think millions of Americans would get behind it. I I would get behind it. Yeah. But I'm sitting on my butt. And, I'm a victim. Right. And so you need to forgive my loans. I'm, I'm, I really have trouble getting behind that one. I Don't like that one either. Yeah. I paid mine off. You should pay yours. Yeah. It's not fair. People like me finally get to say it's not fair. You don't get to say that you're not allowed. I know. Oh, that's Shame. Fair. Fair is where the Tilted Whirl is. And the cotton candy So I know that's where fair is. Open Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Maddie is in Phoenix. Hey Maddie. Welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi. So little backstory on me.


I am 26 years old. I work as a pharmacist for a retail chain. I'm currently on baby step four. So Good for you. So you're a pharmacist. That's correct. Way to go. And you're out of debt. No pharmacy school debt. I know. It only took 18 months to pay off. You are a rockstar kiddo. That's awesome. Very Good. How can we help you? Thanks. So the store I currently work for only gives me 32 hours, which is not enough hours for me. And that's pretty standard amongst all of their stores. But I do go to a busy store that has a little bit more hours to make up the 40 And I often pick up, well, the busy store I work at, they're, one of their pharmacy positions is opening up.


And I have been asked to apply to it. So this would be a guaranteed 40 hours every single week. I could still pick up if I wanted to. It would be about $28,000 more a year. What are we waiting on? Why aren't we saying yes? Why did you even have to ask? Wait, I can do, I can actually work a whole 40 hours and make $28,000 more and work while I'm at work because they're busy instead of sitting on your butt while you're at work. Yes. Go take the job, kiddo. It's just a very stressful store. What's stressful as well? You're counting pills. What's stressful? Yeah. It's, it's a lot more of that. You know, I deal with insurance, I deal with people who don't feel good.


Okay. Let dive right in on this. You don't, okay. Okay, Maddie, let me dive right on this. Do you know It's what you, it's what you went to school For. That's right. But if it's more intense, do you know how to actually handle that once you're done working, do you know how to eat right? Exercise, have sleep, hobby, get sleep. These are the things that allow you to handle a high pressure job. Can you do that? That Why I'm working on it. You know what, Maddie? Go do it. You, you have already proven you're the kind of person that can handle this. You're not a weak sister. Yeah. You can do this. It's not, it's 40 hours. You have what it takes. It's 40 hours. Yeah. You can do this. You, you, you got what it takes. You need to go do this. You're already signing up for this kind of stuff anyway because they're not challenging you at the other place.


Don't you hear yourself? You've already done this, so go do it. Yes, go take the money. Good. Good job. Proud of you


Ken Coleman. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. He and all the other Ramsey personalities along with me will be on a seven day cruise. The Ramsey cruise, the live like no one else cruise. For those of you that are baby step four and beyond and are ready to do vacations and strike some milestones, live like no one else. So that later you can now go on the live like no one else cruise. There you go. We're gonna be doing this in March. That's March 22nd through the 29th. And it's all the Ramsey personalities on there all week long. Along with my friend Steven Curtis Chapman, Grammy Award-winning Dove Award-winning. And Ken, I was with Steven Monday night at my house at a thing and he just got inducted into the, I saw that Into the Grand Ole. His Instagram. What a cool moment. Grand Ole Opry. First Christian, major Christian artist to get inducted in the Grand Ole Opry. Ricky Skaggs brought Him in. I saw that. Really Cool. So really fun stuff. Proud of him. And so he'll be with us and Monit Shohan from the food channel. Famous Iron Chef will be with us. She's a great entrepreneur. Owns a bunch of restaurants here in Nashville, is a good friend. Be doing some cooking demonstrations. Dina Carter, famous country artist as well. Tons of other entertainers. And all of us will be doing events and talks on the ship. There won't be any regular dancing poodle people on the ship. We'll just, we'll be it Dancing. Hey, I have some breaking news though, Dave. Oh, what's that? This, this might hit a small percentage of the folks that want to come 'cause it's gonna sell out quick, by the way. So you gotta move. But I found out from the actual cruise line themselves, I took a shot. And I said, is there a pickleball court on this cruise? And I'm happy to report that there is a pickleball court or courts on this ship. So I will not be at the pool. You will find me when not speaking or saying hi to folks. I will be hosting holding court. Literally Dave. We can teach it. We can compete. All levels fun. I'm gonna' There to make our fans feel better. Well, sure. By beating You. No, I'll teach 'em. I just, I I gotta tell you James, I'm so excited. So this is a fact. If if you're thinking about coming, you're going, wait a second. I won't miss my weekly pickleball game. There you go. And I. Maybe get Dave out there. Can you, will you commit to playing one game? Absolutely not. What? Not a chance. I don't know folks. I'm telling you it's the number, number one thing that puts men over 55 in the emergency room. Well they have Doctors on board. It's gonna Be fine. So I know That's what I need. We'll put you in an air dadgum pickleball injury. That would be embarrassing. Alright, so Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas, we would love to have you come with us. We're gonna have a lot of fun. My wife Sharon And, I'll be there the whole week. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. You can put down a $600 deposit. There is just a few. That's right. Cabins left. It is almost gone. You're gonna hear us quit talking about it and then you're gonna go, oh, I missed it. And then you're gonna have FOMO or whatever they call that. And you're gonna wish you could have come and then you're go. When you gonna do another one? Dave, And I. Probably not. So don't miss this one. I'm telling you that's, this is great. It's Holland America. It's a high-end ship cruise. This is not one of those cheapos, this is not Walmart on the seas. This is a great, great high-end thing. I don't do that stuff. I do nice stuff. So come hang out with us guys. It's gonna be fun.


Alright, LA Latrice is with us in Detroit. Hi Latrice, how are you? Hi. how are you doing today? Better than I deserve? What's up in your world? Just kind of going through with Capital One. So to making sure. Capital One did pursue me legally to pretty much get payment for a credit revolving credit card that went negative just because I went through an economic hardship. We've been to court once they asked could I settle for the overall debt with legal fees was 7,000 and they wanted me to settle out for 6,000 with interest incurring, I told them that I could not afford that as my health does not, you know, yield need sustainable employment right now because I can't stand up.


So I'm still on a job hunt and it's just causing me a gray financial deficit. You, You don't have a job? Yes, I do have a job. Oh, you Do have a job? Yes, but I'm, it's, it's, it doesn't bring in much. It's only part-time because of just the way my, my physical health is set up right now. And what's Wrong with your physical health? Basically I'm suffering from a heart murmur. And also I have, I was in a bad car accident. And I have one of my spinal disc dislocated and I'm supposed to have a surgery, so it's hard for me to stand. Wow. How long ago was the car wreck? It was 2022, the end of the summer. I wanna say August. Yep.


That back stuff is so painful. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm suffering a lot. But When's the surgery? I'm scheduled to have it in October. I'm looking for my official date. My physician is supposed to contact me to let me know that official date, but I know it's in October. And what can you do to earn some money until you get the surgery? 'cause you're, you're, well, I have You're suffering 'cause you have no income. Yeah, basically No capital. Capital one's not. Capital one's not your problem. You have no income is your problem. Yes, but I was a family member was actually able to help me. And I was able to, you know, gather up $2,000. And I asked them would they settle out with me.


And I actually filed a second motion and they pretty much denied it. Yeah, it was the installment payments. And so now they're trying to go for the full amount. And I guess I'm trying to figure out where Are they gonna get the full amount. You don't have it and they, you don't even have a job They could do. They don't, they garnishing part-time jobs. Okay. I mean, What are you making right now in your part-time job per hour. I'm making about $20 an Hour. And what are you doing for that? What's the work? So basically I'm doing fulfillment warehouse work. Are you sitting down doing the fulfillment work on a chair? No. So you're standing. No. That's why it's part-time. Yes. Okay. Can you drive your car with, with not too much discomfort?


Can you drive Your car? Not really. No. You can't drive. No, no. Someone's driving you to and from work? Yes. Okay. I mean, here's, here's my point. I, I understand. I've had back injuries, really rough stuff before where you can't even move. I get that. But the fact that you're part-time, you're able to do something that, that you're standing doing fulfillment. I would be looking at call service work. That's customer service stuff where you're answering the phone, following a script. Can you be a receptionist and just be smiling and say hi and sit down behind a desk and welcome people at a small business. I mean, Latrice, this is, this is serious business. And, I think you can do more than you're doing.


And I'm not being unkind in any way, nor am I in any way overlooking the injury. But you can do more. And at $20 an hour part-time, you've proven that you can do that. Yeah. That, that's pretty impressive that you're doing that. So yeah, I, I'm gonna do anything I can to get my income up and then I'm gonna up the offer because I'm gonna have some cash to stack from on top of the 2000 and I'll up the offer to 3000 or 4,000 in the meantime. Honey Capital one can't do anything. You can't get blood out of a rock. And right now you're a rock. Okay? Can't get blood out of a tournament. You a turnip, you can hit a brick with a hammer, but it doesn't do anything. And so they can't get money that you don't have.


There's nothing that, and there's no debtors prison. They're not gonna put you in prison. There's no such thing. So you have been very proactive and have engaged with them. And it might have given them false hope that you were actually gonna come up with the whole thing. You're not So I 'em 2000 and say, Hey, I'm over here. I can do 2000 if you wanna call me back, meantime, good luck collecting this 'cause I got no money. And the 2000 is not even in my name. It's sitting in my relative's name. So you can't even get it. So I'm gonna go to work. I'm gonna get my back fixed. I'm gonna pile up some money. I'll call you back when I got a little more money. We'll try to do this again. But in no case am I gonna be paying you 7,000 or 6,000 or the whole thing.


You can, you can just bite my ankle. It's not happening. Okay? And just, you know, walk away. There's nothing they can do, just like a dog chasing a car. Nothing they can do. And they catch it. They don't know what to do with it. So it's the same thing. That's exactly where you are. So you're what we in the business call judgment proof. They can't do anything with their judgment because you're broke. There's nothing to get. Now you go get a big time, full-time job. They may figure out where that is. Don't tell 'em, don't volunteer anything about your employment to them ever in this until they're never in.


Never do they ever need to know where you work the rest of your life. And you're not required to tell them So I would just ignore their butts. And there's nothing can do about it. 'cause you're, you know, well, we got somebody with a broken back who works part-time. Good luck. So I, I just tell 'em to wait and you know, you can take the 2000 or you can wait and I'll try to get you some more and we'll try to do it later. I'll call you back when I got three and then I'll call you back when I got four. And, but eventually you're gonna have to say yes because I'm not going to do anything else. And that that'll work out for you. That's what you gotta do. I'm sorry you're facing all this.


But yeah, anything you can do to get your income up. Anything you can do to get a long-term career path going here, that works. That's a smart move. This is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Today, this hour is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour. What does that mean? It means we're going to talk to actual millionaires, not your broke brother-in-Law with an opinion. We wanna talk to people who actually have a net worth of $1 million or greater.


Learn a little bit about them and then you can listen in and say, gosh, I could do that. I could be like that person. This is an, this is an hour about hope because we have discovered that the typical millionaire in America started from nothing and became a millionaire. And we're gonna walk you through that. We'll help you with this. 'cause there's a lot of misinformation, lies out there about wealth, where it comes from. It's all inherited. No it's not. That's just not the facts. And I can prove it to you, and I'll walk you through it this hour. So if you have a millionaire net worth, a gr, a net worth of $1 million or greater, call us.


We want to talk to you and interview you and learn a little bit about you folks, let me help you with this. One of the things that gets confused out there is the definition of a millionaire. There's only one definition. This is an accounting definition. There's only one net worth. Millionaire is redundant because net worth is how you measure whether you're a millionaire. So there's not a different kind of millionaire and a net worth millionaire. There's only a millionaire who's net worth is greater than a million dollars. So by definition, they're the same thing. So there's no such thing as an income millionaire. You can make a million dollars a year, but that doesn't make you a millionaire. What makes you a millionaire is if what you own, minus what you owe your assets, minus your liabilities equals $1 million or more.


You are by definition a millionaire. Well, people shouldn't have that much money. It's not a moral construct. It's a math thing, darling pe it's too difficult. It can't, million dollars isn't enough in this inflationary market. It's not a question of that. The question is, do you have a million dollars? That's the only question we're talking about here. You have a million dollars worth of assets in exceeding your liabilities. That is the definition. You can like it, not like it, agree with it, not agree with it. This is not a feeling. It's a math thing. And then we wanna learn how you got there. Where'd the money come from? Did you inherit it from your rich uncle? How'd you get your money? So that's what we're doing. The phone number here is Triple. eight eight two five five two two five.


Our first millionaire is in Flint, Michigan. Dave, what is your net worth? Hi Dave. My net worth is around 2.3 million Good for you. Can you give me a little bit of breakdown by category? How much in retirement, how much in house, and so on? All right. So 750,000 is the assessed value of my paid off home. And the rest of that is spread across some high yield savings accounts. A Charles Schwab stock account, a brokerage account, some 4 0 1 Ks and my wife has a 4 0 3 B as a public education Teacher. Okay, so you've got about a million and a half in investments.


Yes sir. And most of that, it sounds like it's 401k Actually as a business owner, I'm kind of, most of it is in my brokerage account because I don't qualify for the Roth IRAs. Okay, I got you. Okay, good. Good for you. Well done. How old are you? Good. 51. How much of this did you inherit? Zero. Zero, okay. What, since you've been working as an adult, what has been your best year of income and your worst year of income? So my worst year of income was 32,000 and my best year was 855,000. Holy. What do you do? Oh, you own a business? What's your business do?


So two businesses. I have a electrical contracting business. And I have a overhead door contracting business. Gotcha. Okay. He's in the trades folks. Love it. You got a four year degree? I do not. Okay. High school or that? I went to, I went to trade school to be an electrician. Nice. Okay. Trade school. Alright. And you made $855,000 one year. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Okay. I like this. I like this. Well done. Okay. Thank you. So what do you drive? I drive a GMC Sierra pickup truck. How old? A year. A Year old. Okay. What, what's your wife drive? Thousand miles On it.


What's your wife drive? Chevy Traverse. Okay. And how old is it? It's four years old. Okay. And you have $2.3 million. Okay. Yes sir. Good. Alright. I'm just making sure people are hearing this. This is what it sounds like to be a million in America right now. This is exactly what it sounds like. Well done. Do you think people can still do this Dave in America now? Absolutely. Okay. Very cool. Without a doubt. Good, Good. Why? Why? Why so strong in that opinion? Basically. Because I didn't think I could get there until, until I did it. Yeah. Yeah.


And I never thought I had an opportunity to be where I'm at today. It still amazes me. Yeah, Ken, I would go, thank you Dave. You're a hero. I'm proud of you. I would go so far as to say the trades are in such desperate demand right now. Yeah. That if you go his route, you're probably more likely to get there than it was when he did it. There's No question Today, there's, Here's what happens. This is the progression. You get in, you make really good money. You're not saddled with student loan debt. You learn a skill, you get really good at it, you keep moving up the ladder and then all of a sudden an opportunity pops up to where you can start your own business. And now you're, you're like a Dave, where your best year, you make $800,000 and you're also a small business employer and It's 51 years old, 52.3 million, starting from nothing.


That's gonna turn into a whole lot more money over the next 30 years. So because of all the leftist, communist crap that is spread out there in America right now, we decided a few years ago we were going to do the largest study of millionaires ever done in North America. We studied not just people that knew who Dave Ramsey were, but in general we had a studied 10,000 millionaires. We ended up talking to 10,167 of them. And in detail, we had an outside research firm looking over our shoulder to make sure there wasn't co confirmation bias or other survey, other research problems. Our research techniques were airtight because we knew the lefties would be pissed off and they knew then we knew they would question the validity of the study.


This study is so airtight that it's what's known as a fact. The conclusions of the study, if you disagree with them, you're what's known as wrong. In other words. Okay. So 79% of America's millionaires inherited precisely nothing like Dave. Our last caller, another 5% inherited money, but it was like 5,000 bucks from grandmother. It wasn't enough to mathematically make you a millionaire. Another 5% received a substantial inheritance, like 250,000 bucks or something from grandma after they were already millionaires. So let me help you with this. 79 plus five plus five is 89% of America's millionaires are not millionaires because of inherited money.


They're millionaires because they lived on less than they made. They funded their 401k, they got their house paid off and they used common sense over an extended period of time of their life. The typical millionaire is 48 to 51 years old. Dave fits the profile perfectly. Our last caller, we did not tell Dave what to say. He just happened to fit what we discovered very closely. We talked to some 25-year-old millionaires. We talked to some 85-year-old millionaires. But the typical profile we talked to falls in that late forties, early fifties range. And by the way, if you're a millionaire by then, you're gonna be worth 10 million when you die. So that's how that works. Just to help you with the math, this is a baby steps theme hour.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. This is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour. Where we're talking to actual millionaires. Alex's one in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Alex, what's your net worth? Oh, hey, Dave net worth $2,124,000 2 1 2. I love it. Okay, gimme a little breakdown by category, home, retirement and so forth. Sure. My house paid four house 475,000. I've got about 63,000 in cash. About 75,000 in just cash in a brokerage. Mutual funds $75,000 for the kids college.


I've got about 1.3 million in different retirement funds. IRAs, 4 0 1 Ks have an esop, my wife has a, has a pension as a teacher. And then about $20,000 or so in health savings. Well done. How old are you? 42. 42. How much of this did you inherit? Zero. Okay. And your be, since you've been working as an adult, what was your best year earnings and your worst year earnings? Yeah, my wife And I together our, our our, I guess our worst year, the first year we got married was about 60,000. We had entry level jobs and then my highest here in the last couple of years, we together we at 290,000 Good for you.


And what's your career? I'm in residential construction, the construction industry. And my wife's a teacher, high school science teacher. Okay. Alright, cool. You got a four year degree? I do, but at first I, I went to a trade school, got that two year degree in residential design and just worked my way up on a company that was willing to pay for a four year degree. And. I. Got that four year degree in industrial management. Got it. What was your GPA? I wanna say it was right around 3.9. 3.9? Yes. Show off. Yeah. You were an adult.


You were an adult student. There's no beer involved in that number. Okay. My wife's the winner. She got a 4.0 on her now. Oh, there we go. They can stop. I love it. What advice would you have for the younger version of you that's listening that's 22 or 23 years old right now? Can they still do this and what should they do? Oh, heck yeah. They, they can do it. I mean, be educated, be a a champion for yourself. There's gonna be a lot of chat out there. A lot of people that are gonna tell you what you think they think you should do with your money. My advice to me, again, if I were to go back is just stay the course. I'd like to. I told my kids as, as they're starting to learn about money now, I was 16 when I finally had some W2 wages, And I.


Think I took most of my wages. I And, I wanna say, at that time it was like $500. And my dad said, Hey, you gotta put this in a Roth IRA. So at 16 I, I put my $500 into a Roth not knowing what it was gonna do. And as a matter of fact, I saved that statement as I moved houses here a few years ago. Found it in a pile of papers, but I showed my son Right. That $500 is at, at the eight 8% s and PI mean, it was like $12,000. And I've done $500 into my Roth and my retirements, you know, 5, 6, 700 times over in the past 30 years or so. Yeah. And it it's just huge.


Yeah. You're you're loaded. Yeah. Yeah. The 1.3 in retirement. You've loaded that up. You did a great job. Well done Alex. Well done. What do you drive An an oh two F1 50 0 2? Yeah Dude, that's old. Hey, beautiful. You a truck Min. Oh, come on now. You need to upgrade your truck. You got $2 million. Okay, so what's your wife drive? An oh five Ford Focus. God, y'all a focus. Geez, man. And, and my my Don't you love your wife? You should see, yeah, you should see Your Oh my gosh. In the back Of that thing. Yeah, that thing. That's awful. I'm kidding with you. But hey, do, do, seriously, I most the millionaires I meet with when they're your age and they hit this, the, the thing you guys are the worst at is upgrading your cars and you really can't afford it now.


I mean, it's god almighty. A focus. Yeah. Way to go. Dude, I'm so proud of you. Thanks for letting me make fun of you. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. If you have a million dollar or greater net worth, we want to talk to you. Amy is a millionaire in Dallas, Texas. Amy, what's your net worth? Hi. Yes sir. My net worth is 3.1 million, 3.1 million. Gimme a little breakdown by category. How much by house, retirement and so on? Sure. 1 million in our four one Ks. 500,000 for our house. 900,000 in company stock. 400,000 in non-retirement investments like brokerage accounts and then 200,000 in Roth IRAs and about a hundred thousand in cash.


Way to go. I love this. How old are you? I'm 35. My husband's 34. Wow. Look at you. Way to go. How much of this did you inherit? I think my husband inherited little less than $50,000 after we've been married for a while. So obviously after we were already millionaires. Okay, so you were not, you're not millionaires because of an inheritance. Correct. Just make sure the lefties hear this. Okay now. Alright. And now, so what did, since you've been working as adults, what's your best year working income and your worst year working income? So obviously we started out separately. So we started out like individually making about $60,000 each.


When we combined it was about one 20. And then our best year was 375,000 plus bonuses and equity. Okay, Cool. What do y'all do? We both have electrical engineering degrees. Okay. All right. And is that what you do? Yes, yes. Okay. That's a very broad field, but yeah. So we're both engineers, working engineers? Yes. Gotcha. Okay. And it got you into some positions where you got some stock options and everything else well done. Okay, cool. So your degrees are obviously in engineering, electrical engineering. To be specific, what was your GPA? Mine was 3.4. His was 3.1. Now we know how this works now works at your house.


Okay. Not proof of anything. Yeah, I love it. Very fun. So we found the top five categories of careers in the most often occurring in the 10,167 millionaires. number one was engineer. Yes Sir. Yeah. Number two was accountant. Number three was teacher. Number four was lawyer and number, or I'm sorry, business executive number five was lawyer. Medical doctor didn't even make the top five teacher beat em and engineers the top of the heap. You're right there. And you doubled up on the engineer thing here. Yes sir. Yeah. And so at 35 years old you're worth $3.1 million. That's amazing.


What would you tell somebody that's in school studying engineering? Is it still possible in America or is the dream dead? I tell even, even my cousin who's a sister that or or my cousin who's a teacher, it, it's still possible. But I think I might be repeating you Mr. Ramsey, but no discipline seems falls at the time, but it yields the harvest of righteousness. Well that would be the Bible you're repeating, but yeah, that's good. Yeah, fair Enough. Fine. Tortoise always wins. Yeah, there we go. That would be me. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's exactly it. Yeah. You guys just, you've used your systematic, your brains are built for systems and that, and you used a system. I Also play basketball.


So, I. Gotta have a game plan. There it is. Gotta have a system. Gotta have a plan. Well it does. And execute. And you did it. You did it beautifully. Alright. What do you drive? I drive a Chevy Impala 2017. Be nice. Dave. My drive. Oh 5G TO. Oh boy, that's a fun car. But we did splurge a little bit a couple years ago as a family car. We bought a 2021 Yukon. Good. Oh, there we go. Thank God. Okay, Good cash. Yeah. Dave did not like the Impala. He doesn't like the Ford focus. I don't mind. I don't mind that. Impala's not a bad car. It's just the old school. You got 3 million freaking dollars. I mean, so yeah, it's just it.


This is a pattern. Yeah, that's right. So. I. Let's do, let's do this one. Here's a fun one. What's the most expensive pair of jeans you've ever bought? Ooh, I, I hate spending money on clothes. I'm not the typical girl, so maybe $25. Wow. What about your husband? Same. We hate money. What do You get? $25 blue jeans. Walmart On sale. Yeah. With a coupon. Yeah. $3.1 million net worth. When you're 35. Are you people out there learning anything? Everybody say Go Amy. Go Amy. Go. Amy. Wow. You're incredible hero. I love you. I'm proud of you. Good work. Very well done. This is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour.


Ken Coleman Ramsey Personality is my cohost. This is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour. Thanks for hanging out with us.


Amy said it a minute ago. The best way to win a game is to have a game plan. No one wins or is successful at any area of their life. Accidentally winning is not an accidental event. It's a series of good choices following a proven process. A game plan, when you do that with your money each month, it's called a budget. Tell your money what to do instead of wondering where it went. My friend Zig Ziglar used to say, if you aim at nothing, you will hit it every time. And so you need to write it down. You need to have a game plan for your money. And the world's best budgeting app is called EveryDollar. It is free to download at the app store or Google Play. Or you can go to EveryDollar dot com, you can spend a little bit with it and we'll put you through the baby steps, a paycheck planning thing, and hook you up to your bank. And it starts to do all kinds of d fancy dance things. Millions and millions and millions of people are using this EveryDollar. Check it out in the app store.


Damon is with us. Damon is in Oklahoma City. Damon, what's your net worth? About 1.6 million. Dave Good for you. And what is your breakdown by category? A little bit for me. So I've got about 700,000 in my TSP, about a hundred thousand in Roth for my wife, And I have got about 400,000 in rental real estate and the rest is in cash. Okay. And, I, And. I'm sorry. My personal residence is worth about 360. Okay. All right. There you go. Good for you. Very cool. How old are you? I'm 45. All right, good.


Another young millionaire here. How much of this did you inherit? We inherited about $10,000 about 15 years ago, and we used that to pay off our house if we were on a plan to pay off our first house in, in about 70 months. And we did it in 60. Okay. So but so mathematically you're not a millionaire because of an a $10,000 inheritance though? Oh, no, no. It just, it just sped things up for us for about six Months. That's excellent. Good. What is the, since you've been working as an adult, what was your best year of income and your worst year of income? My best year of income will be this year, probably about 1 55.


And then our first year of marriage, which would be 26 years ago, tomorrow we made a grand total of $14,000. Well, happy anniversary. Good for you. What do you do for a living? I'm a criminal investigator for the federal government and a certified fraud examiner. Oh, cool. Okay. A four year degree? Yes. In criminal justice, Of course. Okay. And you're a GPA? My GPA was 3.7, but my wife's was a 4.0. There's a pattern here. All these millionaires marry women smarter than they are. I'm just saying. Okay. I'm kidding. But, yeah, or or or more studious or something.


Yeah. Way to go, man. Congratulations. Okay, so you're 45 years old, you have a $1.6 million net worth. Can this still be done if you're talking to a 25-year-old, 20 years younger than you Younger? Absolutely. And in my household, I've got a great example. My son is 18 years old. He just graduated from high school. He started a lawn mowing business when he was 14. He's got $50,000 saved right now. Wow. His plan is to stay at home while he goes to trade school for two years, and he wants to save about 40 or 50% to put a down payment on a duplex.


Wow. What Trade school is he going to? He's gonna learn to be an aircraft mechanic. Oh, very Good. What's that? Starting salary. Starting salary is around 70,000 for that. And they've told us, and I've talked to other people that within two years you're making six figures. Yeah. Yeah. That's more like it. Yeah. That's very cool. Wow. Very cool. What do you drive? I drive a 2,800 with 160,000 miles on it. Good lord. And what's your wife drive? She drives a 10-year-old minivan with 150,000 miles on it. Okay. Would you please get your wife a good car?


Well, We, we still have a car that has a name. We had one when we were in college. It was Uncle Jesse. It was all white pickup and we carried on the tradition with my kids. I've got two drivers and they drive. We bought a 98 Oldsmobile and they called that gang gam because it's a little old grandma call. That's perfect. And Uncle Jesse From the Dukes of Hazard. I love that one. Yes. That's great. Yeah. Oh yeah. He drove a PA White picked. He did. He drove, drove, drove. White truck. I forgot that. Yeah, it, it was an Old white truck. Yeah. Okay. Oh. my gosh. That, that's so fun. What's the most you guys ever spent on jeans? You or your wife? Oh, I probably spent maybe 50 bucks on a pair of jeans.


My wife probably has spent, oh, 80 or 90 on a pair of jeans, but she looks pretty good in 'em. So I, don't mind. Well played sir. Well played Good movie. Did that on national radio's and a podcast with millions of people listening. That's right. Smooth, very smooth. I like that. Way to go, dude. I'm proud of you. Good work. Bill is in St. Louis. Bill your net worth. Hey Dave, it's 1.8 million Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category, please. House and yeah, retirement and so on. Yeah. The 4 0 1 Ks for my wife, And I, 1.33. Cash, 1 4 140 5,000. And the house? 323,000. Gosh, Good for you.


How old are you? 58. My wife's 54. Alright. And how much of this did you inherit? I did inherit some last year, but we were already millionaires, so didn't matter. How much did you get? 120. Okay. Substantial. But it was after you were already there, so you're not a millionaire sir, because of an inheritance. Okay. And since you've been working as an adult, what is your best year of household income and worst year? Best year is now it's 270,000. And when I started out 24,000 in the military. Gotcha. Thanks for your service. What's your career? Thank you. Logistics, both of us. Logistics. Very good.


Supply chain. All right. Yes sir. Degree in logistics. I have a two year degree and my wife has a four year degree. Okay. What was your GPA on your two year? Mine was probably three and hers is, I'm gonna be nice 'cause I, I, I don't know for sure, but three and a half, nah, 3.5. Be careful. Yeah, very good. That's right. All right, so there's a 23-year-old listing, I promise you today that is just coming outta school with a logistics degree, which I think by the way is an excellent degree right now to get supply chain's huge. Right now. Some of these guys are coming outta school making almost a hundred right now with a four year degree in that field. And they should 'cause the service they provide to these companies is incredible.


What you do is a very valuable ROI can they still do this? Can they still be worth a million, 2 million, $3 million when they're 58? Yes sir. Dave, lemme tell you something. We didn't really start your program till about 11 years ago. We paid off all our debt in a year and we started saving 15% and we were able to accumulate this much wealth in that short of time. Wow. So you did this on a little over a decade. Yes sir. That's pretty cool Good for you. So it can be done And, I. Just tell people to do it early. My, my daughter paid off her debt five years ago, I mean five years after we paid off ours and we came down to a debt free scream on your stage together with her and, and now she's a physical therapist making $150,000 and she's debt free.


So she's doing really good. Love it. And my son and his wife are debt-free as well. So it's all been passed on. What do you drive? I drive a 2015 Tacoma and my wife drives a 2016 Lexus RX 200 and we paid cash for both of them. Excellent. Quick question for you, bill, for, for a young person that doesn't want to get the four year degree, can they still do the two year associates like you did and get into a really attractive industry like logistics? Is that path still there? Absolutely. The military, you know, I was in logistics for 20 years and when I got out it was, it was fairly, I'm not gonna say easy to get a job, but I knew some people and I applied at the company.


I've been, I've been at the company for almost 20 years now. Wow. After I got the military and yeah. Great company and yeah, you can do it no doubt. You bet. If you had the experience, no doubt about it. Yeah. Way to go, man. Proud of you, bill. There's that Military option again, Dave. Good work. Well, it's not a bad thing. A lot of people that are very successful start their careers in the military. Some of 'em conclude their careers in the military. This is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour on The Ramsey Show. Our scripture of the Psalm 1832. It is God who arms me with strength and keeps my way secure.


Jerry Seinfeld said, sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason. Ken Coleman, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. This is a Baby Steps Millionaires Theme Hour. One of the mythology things out there is that you have to have a 4.0. You have to be a genius to build wealth. The truth is, the average millionaire has around a 3.0 GPA mine was 2.97. I'm still pissed about that. Three one hundreds of a point. Missed it by three one hundreds. So I think beer was involved, but yeah, the, yeah.


'cause I was smart enough to do it for sure. But anyway, the, yeah, there you go. So the typical millionaire, you, you know, we don't find people with a 1.2 GPA, you gotta have some gray matter going on upstairs, right. Dumb people really can't do it. But but you don't have to be like the valedictorian of the salutatorian. As a matter of fact, there's some really sad research that just came out on those two, how they underperform in the marketplace, but sorry if you're the valedictorian of the salutatorian, but anyway, yeah, it's that, that's, you know, not always, but there's, it, it is not an indicator. It's not an indicator. So there you go. They, so, A, they're not geniuses. No b they're not people that didn't have a life.


They have a life. They're not entertainers, these millionaires, they're not professional sports figures or Hollywood actors. Less than 1% of America's millionaires are celebrity types that you know who they are. Hardly any of them. Okay. And so th this should give you great hope. It should tell you that it can be done because this is who does it. And we talk to him every time we do this theme. Hour. Nathan's in Salt Lake City. Nathan, what is your net worth? Hey, Dave, it's right over 1 million Good for you. And gimme a little breakdown by category.


Sure. It's about 610,000 in a home, about 320 in retirement, like 401k Roth, IRA 500 or 50,000 in cash and 40,000 5, 29, and about 20,000 in cars. Way to go. How old are you? 41. And my wife is just a little bit younger than me. Okay, good. You did it. Way to go. How much of this did you inherit? Zero. Zero. And what was your, since an adult, what's your best year of income and your worst year of income as an adult? Worst would be about 60,000 and best would be about 160. Okay, cool. What do you do?


Business intelligence. Okay. Very good. Good for you? Four year degree Master's in business. Okay. MBA. All right. Yeah. And what was your undergrad? GPA? Both undergrad and grad were about 3.8. Okay. All right. Good. Good. Yeah, you're unusually high. Typically people do better at grad school than they did in undergrad. That's why I ask some, some somehow when you get to grad school, it's usually a little more serious, but you just Yeah. You evened it out though. Okay. Good for you. Good for you. So, you know, a, a 20 year younger than you, 21 years old, getting ready to come outta school, can they still do this? Or is the hope of wealth building in Evil America gone?


Oh, it can, it can absolutely be done. Compound interest isn't a mystery, so getting on it early is better. I, my wife, And I, we really didn't start until we were about 30, but once we started working your plan about four or five years ago and really just picked up and picked up steam. Wow, that's two in a row that in 11 years did this. Yeah. Yeah. That, that is really, really exciting for people to hear because they think they've gotta have this 30 year runway. If, if they didn't do that, then they're way behind and this proves that it's not the case. Yeah. Wow. Well done sir. You're a hero. I'm proud of you. Congratulations. Brent is in Salem, Oregon. Brent, what's your net worth?


1.58 Dave. Got it. And gimme a little breakdown by category, please. Yeah, you bet. So 1.15 of that is the house. Okay. Minus our mortgage. So equity in the house is almost 900,000. Okay. We've got 105 in cash savings. Got It. We Have about another a hundred in college, saving accounts for our two boys and another 467,000 in retirement accounts. Gotcha. Good. How old are you? 36 years old. Good. And how much of this did you inherit?


Lucky enough to inherit just shy of a hundred thousand. How were you already a millionaire? No, I, I wasn't, I, the, the story there with that 100 was, that was earmarked for, for college. So. I was lucky enough. My parents set up a college fund and ended up going to community college and in-State School. So through some, some wise and smart college decisions, was able to, to cash with, with my work and my parents work cash flow college and that a hundred thousand that was maybe supposed to be for college tuition ended up rolling into a house down payment. Gotcha. Good for you. And what's your, as an adult, your best year of income and worst year of income?


Worst year of income would definitely be when we, when we started your plan, 13 years ago, $29,000 a year. Both my, I was a full-time student. My wife was the only one working at $14 an hour and Best year would be right around 300,000. Just over. We, my wife worked at a startup and was able to, you know, be one of those great stores where the startup ended up selling and we got a lump sum of about a hundred thousand dollars at that time. That definitely boosted our income for that one year. Yeah. Very cool. What do you, what do you do for a living? My wife works in marketing. And I work in operation.


Okay. You got a four year degree? I do 3.6 GPA in my four year degree, but it, it took me five and a half years to get that four year degree. What is the, what's the degree in Just minor in business and a major in social science college was, was tough and kind of just did what I could to get through. Good way to go, man. 36-year-old millionaire. What do you drive? 16-year-old Toyota Tacoma. They Always laugh and say Toyota. Yeah. The, The laugh by the way, always lets us know that it's an older car. Like Yeah, it's a Toyota. Yeah. How many?


That's like four Tacomas. I know, I know. This is like the, is this the, is this the millionaire truck? The Tacoma Winston drives a Tacoma. That's good. Yeah. Well, you know, you've got a very reliable brand there. We've had a nice mix. A lot of Chevys, a lot of Fords, the Toyota, A lot of trucks. A lot of trucks, a lot of Pickup trucks in these millionaires. And at least in our eyes, by the way, No electric cars. Just, I wanna point that out. Yeah, just no, Teslas, I didn't hear a single one. Not 1 51 years old. 42, 35, 45, 58, 41, 36. The last three callers all did it in 13 years or 11 years from the time they started listening to us, following the baby steps, their baby steps. Millionaires.


That should give you guys hope out there. That's what we're doing. And 2 million network, 2.3, 2.1, 3.1, 1.6, 1.8 1000001.58. This was a fairly young crew today to a 35, 30 6-year-old and a 41 that that's, you know, we didn't have a single one over 60. You know that, that's fairly young bunch today. So very interesting. And you know, again, engineers, criminal justice logistics, masters in business, business trades. Yep. Construction Strong one. Clear pattern, strong investment strategy.


The diverse and stable. And they've stayed with it some longer than others, but there's a consistency there. When we saw the breakdown. Always a really good investment strategy. Very stable. Yeah. The reason we do these things is because all of the hogwash that's out there running around in the media and on tic-tac that the American dream is dead and that you can't do this anymore. And it's more alive today than it has ever been in spite of the morons in Washington, not because of them. Okay. So you guys out there, don't let people steal your hope. Don't let broke people that were trained by a communist college professor.


Steal your hope. It's not real. This is real. We were talking to real people here. We didn't script any of this. This is all we, and we've been doing this for years. I've talked to thousands of these people. You can do this, guys, you can do it. That puts us out of The, Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey folks. Dave Ramsey here. You know, budgeting doesn't have to be boring. You just need a budgeting app that's made with you in mind and that's EveryDollar. The EveryDollar app has helped millions of people work the baby steps and take the stress out of planning and managing their money. Start budgeting with EveryDollar for free right now. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar and download the app today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar.