
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my good friend Jade Warshaw. And we'll be answering your questions. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll be talking about your, your life, your money, your relationships. Yes. Your work, anything and everything. So give us a call. We're starting off in Tampa, Florida with Jasmine. Hey Jasmine, welcome to the show. Jasmine, are you there? And Yes, I'm here.


Oh, there she's, there she is. Hi Jasmine. Yeah, absolutely. Hi. How can we help? So, I've been watching for about three days now and just kind of learned a whole lot. It's like a whole mind life changer and I'm just trying to figure out how to approach, I guess, what, you know, what you guys are seeing is the best thing for us to do and how to pay off our debt. Because we did have a situation recently where both of our cars broke and so we did have to get into a different vehicle. It was within like two weeks apart and they both, both the motors went out. Oh Man. And So, yeah. So this, it was, it was bad.


Yeah. I was on the side of the road about three times 'cause we, we tried to kind of save it and So, I had to use roadside assistance, things like that. But one of the cars we sent back and the other one we traded in. And so unfortunately we do have a, a note now. And in the state that I live in, they don't allow you to like change your mind. 'cause we were thinking about sending it back, but they said were not allowed to. What'd you trade up to? It's a Ford Expedition. 2020. 2020. Okay. What, what, what do you owe on it? 41,500. Mama. Wait a second. You traded, you traded all the way up.


Okay. I know, I know, I know. If you were to sell it, 'cause I mean this is still pretty fresh and thankfully, thankfully you got use vehicle. So somebody else took the biggest hit. If you were to sell it tomorrow, do you think you could get, could get the 41,000 back Private side? I Have no idea. Okay. I think that you probably could. Did you get, Get it from a deal from a dealership? Yes ma'am. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because yeah, usually you'll get a better deal from a private seller, so yeah. So there's a good, a good chance there. So Jasmine, how much, well, number one, thanks for being a new listener. Yeah. And three days so that you're, you're already your mind's churning, which I love. So give us your overall just kind of financial picture. How much debt do you guys have in total?


So it's my husband And I. And we do have in total $123,865. I've been totaling this up since I've been listening to y'all for the past three days. I've been going crazy, like writing everything down from least to greatest Good. But I do have student, I have student loans and these student loans are mine. They're not my is they're mine. Okay. And it's 63,000. Okay. And 508. I did just graduate nursing school in July. Okay. So I'm, I'm about to take my board. And the 63 is part of the 1 23, correct? Yes. So what the remaining, what's the remaining 60? The 41,000.


Okay. $526 for the truck. And then we have like other debt what of 18,831. What is that? Credit cards. Credit cards. Old energy bill or electricity from like back in the day. We've been together for 13 years. So You got some stuff in in in default. Yeah. Collections Basically. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Are you, are you prioritizing the collections stuff at all? I, I don't know that, that's why I'm calling. I don't really know what to do. I know that that snowball was supposed to go from least to greatest, but I didn't know if I'm supposed to just keep going with that or if you shouldn because my student loans right now, they're not, they're in deferment because I just finished school.


Okay. So I'm not supposed to start paying until like December, January type. Not Well, I do Want you shy. My, I do want you current on things that need to be current on things like electricity. If you're not current on your phone bills, anything like that that you're not current on, that's part of your monthly flow. I don't want you not to be current. So the first thing would be let's get current on that. Then we're working through this debt snowball. That way you're not, it's not getting worse and worse for your month to month stuff. Yeah. And the collection aspect, Jasmine? The energy Bill is an old energy bill. It's from like 10 years ago. Okay. All of our current bills are current. Okay. We're, we're actually like the head of our current bills. We're a on top of that. It's everything is current. We got money in our emergency fund and everything, but I just don't know how to work stuff.


What's the emergency fund? And our emergency fund right now, seven, like eight $1,803. $1,803. But I know we're only supposed to have a thousand. So I was gonna take the rest of it and put somewhere else. I just don't know What I would do. What's in collections? How much is it? 18,830. Oh, that's all in collections. Oh, 18,000 is all in collections. Yeah. It's like old, it's like a gang of old bills, Old complex, stuff like that. Yeah. so what we found when, when this happens, you actually probably can negotiate a lot with this considering how old these bills are. Yeah. 'cause they've probably been sold to collection company.


I mean it's probably on the fourth person now that, that has these bills. 'cause they just keep selling them. so what I would do is, and they're all gonna be different ones, right? So maybe what, four or five different types of debt within that 18,000? Yeah. You've got the energy bill. What are the other types Of Cards? It's 11 different ones. 11, okay. So I would be, which is gonna take, it's gonna be your part-time job here for the next two weeks. Jasmine is, I would contact all of those collection companies and just say and get it in writing if you can. But sometimes, I mean, honestly, I mean sometimes pennies to the dollar. Yes. You know that they will actually settle with you. So that would be my first step just to say, Hey, these are old.


I don't have any money. I have $1,800 to my, or I won't even tell 'em that, but like, I, I don't have any money, but, and what, what can I do to get these settled? 'cause I'm ready to get these out and just see from a And they're gonna hear you as motivated, which is good. And see if you can talk 'em down. 'cause you really might be able to, and Yeah, you've got $800 cash that they don't have to know that. But say one of them is for $400. Say, can I settle this today for 150 bucks? Yeah, I bet they will. I'll give you cash. Get it in writing. Yeah. Yeah. Just get everything in writing in that Jasmine. And how much are you guys making a year? You and your husband combined? So I just finished nursing school. Okay. So. I. I start working on the 23rd right now. So I make nothing, but he makes somewhere between 90 and a hundred K.


Okay. And how much will you need? And when I Start, I'm projected to make about 70. Oh Great. Oh, excellent. Okay. You guys will be good. So honestly, Jasmine, I mean yeah, if I were you, I always like to play like a theoretical game. Let's just pretend you guys got rid of the, of the car, right? You sold it. Maybe make $3,000 on it since it came from a dealership to privacy. Who knows, right? You actually could get more. We'll see I would do that. I would save up ASAP and get a, and get a couple thousand dollars to replace that car. I would do that first. And then you look at your debt and that's 81,000 left. If you get rid of that $41,000. And then let's pretend that that, you know, some of that debt, the 18,000, what you, it's 10 a?


Yeah. And half maybe. Yeah. Yes, Yes. So that's 71,000. And you guys could pay this off in 18 months. Like if you guys throw your entire salary at this debt and some of his and live on a really tight budget. I mean, Jasmine, you guys could have a completely different financial picture in 18 months. It's not even my debt and my heart started beating fast. I got excited for you Jasmine. So, hey, hold on the line. Jasmine and Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna give you Financial Peace University. This is our nine lesson course that's gonna walk through everything from the debt snowball, building a budget to marriage and money even talking about you and your husband working together to insurance, mortgages, everything you need to know from a basic love about money.


That is our course. You guys sit down, go through that together and then EveryDollar the premium version that connects to your bank accounts. We're gonna give that to you as well. We're excited for you. Thanks for the call.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds, Credit, Union is different. Guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on fairwinds.org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to fairwinds.org/ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ramsey.


So one thing that is approaching quickly, Jade is the live, like no one else cruise. Yes. We have 85% of the cabins booked and you guys don't wanna miss it. We're going to Turks and Caicos. We're going to St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. It's just gonna be, it's gonna be amazing. I mean, so good. Yep. And your tickets of course include with a cruise ship. All your food is included, even room service. Mm. There's lounges by all the pools and the hot tubs and we're all gonna be there. All the Ramsey personalities and a whole lineup of other, other guests. So it's gonna be a really, really fun week, you all. And again, this is for those of you on baby steps four and beyond. And we wanna celebrate you because we talk about living like no one else. So later you can live and you can give like no one else. And this is part of enjoying the money. Yeah. And where you are financially. And you're gonna do it with us and we can't wait. So fun. It is March 22nd through the 29th and it's coming up fast. So you do not want to miss this incredible vacation. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise or you can click the link in the description if you're watching on YouTube or listening on podcast. Love it.


Up next we have Shannon in Pensacola, Florida. Hey Shannon, welcome to the show. Oh, How are y'all? We are doing well. Thanks for calling. How can we help? Yeah, Well, well I just have a random question because I've been getting a So I own a home here in Pensacola. That's my only debt. And I have a current interest rate at 7.49. And I've been getting, and you know, I just feel like there's just so much fraud going on. And I. Don't know how y'all feel about that. What Kind of fraud? What do you mean? Well, I just mean like on so many different levels. So I had a kid called me today who said, oh, well we can give you, you have an FHA loan so we can give you a five point.


I don't know what he said. Four, two and oh no money down. I go, wait a minute, I'm a business development person. So I'm like, well what's in it for you guys? So he wanted you to refinance and he's gonna get the fees associated with that. And he wanted me to refinance, but I'm like, wait a minute, how does this work out? Because I keep in touch with my current mortgage broker that I use to buy the home. I keep in touch with her And, I say, Hey, what are they at? Because I got a letter from FHA. Yeah. Who said, Hey, we can go down to 5.25 to 5.2% And I.


Just wanted to know y'all's thoughts on that. And. I just feel like I'm like, okay. I mean, you're right. You're gonna start this. I need To wait. And I know this election. There's just so much. Don't, Shannon, don't Wanna to do it again. Shannon. Shannon, let's roll it on home. All right. Here's the thing. Yeah. Yes. I think that we are starting to be at a turning point when we're gonna see, I mean we already have seen mortgage interest rates go down, And, I think they're going down again this month. They should. Is what the Fed is saying. So they Should, yeah. And we might even see it before they release, you know, their report or in their report of the interest rates, whatever. But my point is, you get to decide.


Right. If you don't wanna refinance, you don't have to refinance. And if there's an offer You want my mortgage to go down y'all? Okay, sure. Yeah. Well if there's, if there's an offer that presents itself to you and you're interested in it, I, I just, you started out the conversation, start talking about scams and then we kinda went to the election, then we kind of went to interest rates. And, I wanna kind of clear it out. Being able to refinance your house at a lower interest rate's, not a scam unless you do your due diligence and find, okay, this is not reputable unless use A scam or for it. Yeah. Some random guy that calls you. I probably wouldn't use Him. Well I think the guy that called me I'm could be, I'm just making a point, is that he's like, oh, it doesn't cost you anything.


And I'm like, Hmm, wait a minute. That's kind of where I'm coming down On stand. So they're probably to your point Yeah. Anything that comes up that is, that is exciting right now. We find this always in the financial industry, there's always gonna be people crying on that. Right. So whether it's mortgage, you know, mortgage rates are dropping so people are gonna clamor to refinance and there may be scammers outta that. That's crypto became a big thing. Scammers flock to that. They will flock to try to get people's money. So that's where your discernment Shannon comes in, that if you choose and probably will and anyone listening, refinancing, you know, if you're gonna be in the house long term, it's a, it's a great option. Good. Yeah. And so maybe you wait another six months to see Conti, you know, after the election to see if it keeps dropping and then maybe Shannon you decide to do that, then I would use a reputable broker.


Whether you have one Churchill Mortgage is one that we recommends here at Ramsey. I'm from Oklahoma, she's from Oklahoma. And I Trust. Yeah, that's, you know what I That's great. Yeah. Yeah. So doing, doing it Reputably. So yeah, I think for sure that it would be, I think it's a great option and people will be doing that more and More. And I think you had great advice there Rachel. If you're looking at rates and you're seeing them go down, I wouldn't like jump to refinance instantly. I'd like let it happen. Let them roll back because they're probably not gonna jump right back up. Right, right, right. We, we have finally gotten to the point where it's like, okay, inflation is at this point, unemployment's at this point it has to happen. So I'm with you. I'd probably wait until after the election, let the chips fall where they do.


Yep. And then you can make the wisest decision For sure. All right, up next we got Mike in Dayton, Ohio. Hi Mike, welcome to the show. Hello. how are You? We're doing great. How can we help? Okay. I'm 42 years old. And. I made some bad financial decisions in my life regarding 401k and stuff like that. Okay. Got divorced, ex-wife, took half the 401k and I've cashed in a few times and I'm basically starting over at 42. I have like 21,000 in my 401k now. And I'm only putting in like 6% 'cause we're on baby step number two. And I. Just wanna see, is it too late?


No, Not at all. Not at all. Not by long shot. No. And if anything, this will probably scare you more, Mike. I would advise you to even pause that 6% while you're getting outta debt. Because here's the deal, when you free up so much of your payments, you're able to throw then 15% of your income at retirement and be able to catch up. So how much debt do you guys have? The house we got like 83,000 on and the truck we're trying to get paid off. you shouldn have paid off by the end of this year. How much is it? I got like 10, almost 11,000 left a minute. Okay.


And we're we're, you keep Saying we 3000 saying who's we? I know you were divorced. Me and my wife. You. I thought you were Okay, so you got divorced so you remarried. Yeah, My, my ex-wife took half the 4 0 1 KI got remarried. Okay, perfect. Okay, perfect. So 11 business on the truck a Lot better. Yeah. That's great. Okay, so 11,000 on the truck. What else do you guys have? Just the mortgage. Okay. So the 11,000. Okay. Yeah, so the mortgage goes obviously in baby step six. So we're not worried about that right now. So yeah, I would get this 11,000. How much do you guys make combined income? I make 37 84 an hour and she makes about 30.


Okay. What's that amount to every month? Do what now? What's that amount to every month? What do you see monthly on your budget? Oh, around five, 6,000 a month. Okay. Just Just for me. Just for you. Yes. And then what does she bring in a month? It's close to 5,000. Okay, That's Great. Okay, so you guys are making 120,000 a year Fair? Yeah. Close to. Okay. Before text. So yeah, I would pause that 6%, Mike, honestly, until this truck's paid off. And then you guys get a fully funded emergency fund and then press play and then you got 15%. Jade's got her fancy calculator out.


So we're gonna be Are you able to Yeah, I got it in there. Say, so you were worried earlier. You're like, I'm 42, I've made these mistakes and here's the thing, this is just the picture you painted today. Let's pretend you clear out this car, you clear out this step pretty quickly and you said you make a route 120,000 a year. You know, if you're putting around 15% into investments, that's about $1,500 a month. Let's say you do that from the time you're 42 to the, to the time you're 65. And I'm just using the Ramsey Solutions investment calculator. You already had 21,000 in there, which is great. So if every month you contribute 1500 at a 10% rate of return, which is average contrary to popular belief, I mean that's almost $2 million.


It's $1.8 million and that's a big deal. That's plenty. And that And on the current income you have Mike. That's right. That's not you getting raises and your wife changing jobs. I mean it will continue. Usually for most people their income continues to go up in their lifetime. That's right. So $2 million. Mike you're on track, don't you worry that ain't bad. But hey it's a good little like, you know, we talk about how fear can be a gift. There's a great book called Fear is a Gift and there was a gift of fear and there is, there is a, a beauty in it 'cause it kind of does shake you up a little bit. Yeah. Oh my gosh, am I late? Oh, and then you're able to say, okay, what changes do we need to make for this not to be a reality? That's right. So you're doing great Mike. I I appreciate you calling and good luck to you and your wife 'cause yeah, you guys are on track.


This is The Ramsey, Show


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 even if you don't have a cash value policy. If you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or Xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with Jade Warshaw and answering your questions. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are going to Cameron in Atlanta. Hey Cameron, welcome to the show. Hey, how's it going? Doing great. How can we help? Yeah, I'm contemplating bankruptcy. And I. Wanted to call you guys and see if that's something that you guys would recommend. Oh gosh. Cameron, what's going on? Well, I stopped paying my credit cards probably about seven to eight months ago and when I stopped paying I was at approximately $85,000 in credit card debt.


Mm. What caused you to stop paying So? I started a business about three years ago and we just had a hard year and I'm on and off working with my brother-in-Law who owns his own business as well. So when I get slow I call him work for him if he has the work. But it was just a very slow year last year and so we kind of had to live off credit cards. Is there other debt or just the 85,000? I have a mortgage but no car or anything else like that. Okay. And was this 85,000 for business expenses that you're trying to keep afloat when you were slow?


Or was this, was this lifestyle that you were This was all personal. I'd say probably 20 to 30,000 of it was business and the rest was just Okay. Paying bills and any cash that I came in that, you know, mortgage doesn't take a credit card. So yeah, I would You got the mortgage, are you married? Cash, Mortgage and then Yes, I'm kids. Two kids. Two kids. Okay. how are you and your wife? How's she doing? I good. I mean we're doing as good as we can. What's she bringing in? What's her income? She's a stay at home mom currently. Okay. And what are you currently bringing?


In? My last year as adjusted gross income was 35,000, but that was the year that, you know, we really had to kind of make things tight. So Cameron, Does your wife know General, does your wife know everything going on? Yeah. Yeah. That you're gonna very transparent with us that you're gonna be filing ba like that. Y'all are talking about bankruptcy? Yeah, yeah, yeah. The debts in both are, or some of the debts and her name some's in my name. And we're both on the same page. Okay, so here's my take on this. I have one more question. I Wanna know how old are the kids? Four years old and two years old.


Okay. And. I also Wanna know. What were you making? What was a good year for you? I Probably be, the year before I think business made about 200,000. I made about half of that. So that was a really good year. So you took, you, you pocketed a hundred thousand as your own paycheck? Approximately? I'd, I'd have to pull up my paperwork, but yeah, between 80 and a hundred thousand probably a good year for me. Okay. So I think the problem is, there's, there's several problems here, but there's been an inconsistency in pay and it's been on the lower end for a really long time and you did have a really bad year, but I don't think that was, I think that just was the final nail in the coffin so to speak.


Yeah. What's happened here is you guys, whether you realize it or not, you're making a series of choices. The longer that you go with this lower income and that you go where your wife says, Hey, I'm, I'm staying at home. Because again, staying at home is a, is a choice that you afford to make or don't afford to make, if that makes sense. And right now you guys both have to be working. You got, you've gotta get a higher income, she's gotta get some sort of income. That's the only way this works because even if you file for bankruptcy, you're gonna find yourself right back in the same situation again and it's gonna be that much more frustrating. So the root of the problem has to change. What do you, what do you do by trade?


What's your specialty? So by trade, when I work for my brother-in-law, commercial electrician, I currently work for myself building decks, pergolas, outdoor wooden structures. Okay. So, I think that obviously you know how to make money doing that, but right now that feels like an amazing side hustle while you do something full-time, Which I have this year, I have gone fulltime with my brother-in-Law. Okay. So. I. And what are you making from that? Four For this year. Okay. 33 an hour. So I think that's roughly 63,000 a year or something like that. Okay. That's that's great.


Okay. So at this point it's all about figuring out how to pay off this debt, right? Their credit cards, how many separate credit cards are there? I would say, I mean I have 'em here. I can count 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. Okay. So if you were to file for bankruptcy, basically what they're gonna do is a lot of what we're doing right now, they're gonna analyze your income, they're gonna analyze how much debt you have, what assets you could sell off in order to pay it. And that's basically what we're gonna do. Only you're gonna have control in the process. It's not just the government reaching in and doing it all for you.


Yeah. 'cause what's gonna happen, Cameron, you know, the bankruptcy route, even though it stays on your report, it follows you for a decade, right. I mean, like, it, it, it, is it, the long-term play here is, it sounds easy just to wipe it clean and start over. And I'm afraid. Cameron, the way you're speaking about this is that that's where you're leaning because that's the easy button is what it feels like and what you have to realize about money is that money it is, it is behavior change because to Jade's point, if you do this and you guys go back to, I mean you charge $55,000 for your lifestyle on credit cards, instead of saying, oh crap, I need to probably, I gotta go work, I gotta go up my income and we can't keep doing this.


And so by just quote unquote the easy button, which it's not easy, I mean it, it it is bankruptcy is traumatic. I mean it's terrible. No, I completely agree with you. Okay. Not to cut you off, I apologize. No, No, no. I want you to because I am a little wor I mean there is a part of me where I'm like, how are, how's your wife? You said she's good. I'd be like, Cameron, I would be, I would be well like good, I mean like she's, you know, obviously worried about the situation as well. Yeah. But She knows what's going on. Okay. I know. I just, I I want the where want Yeah. The urgency of, since we've Stopped paying our credit cards, we've just been cash only. And I've made that a point to her as well that there's just, you know, we have one other credit card that's still open and we haven't touched it.


Yeah, you gotta cut, you gotta cut that off. So you, you've closed, have you closed all those accounts? The one that we have, I only use it when I run work 'cause I have to buy material to build decks and stuff. I bought, I buy the material, I get paid, I pay it off. Yeah. That's the only credit card I use now, but I'm trying to get to a cash only. That's the only time I ever use it is because that makes me my cash. So what are y'all doing with, okay, so so to, so when we get off the call, Cameron get out pair of scissors and cut up all 19 credit cards, get rid of them. So it's not even, they're not even there. And then Oh the other ones are gone. But that's the only one we have. Right? So, I. I wouldn't even keep that though because to Rachel's point, this is a behavior thing. This is, if I don't have the money to do it, I put it on a credit card.


And that goes for personal, that goes for groceries, that goes for business. And what happens is, and I'm speaking from experience, when you cut off that, you know, that supply like Quote unquote lifeline or whatever, That lifeline Yeah. When you cut that off, it, it rises up a creativity inside of you to get stuff done. GSD that's what we call it. And that's what happens. You go, okay, I gotta do this, what do I have to do? And suddenly you notice your lawnmower and you go, oh, that could make me some money. And suddenly you note your wife notices the oven and she goes, oh, that can make me some money. And you start looking at other things that can give you money that's actually your money that you don't have to repay. And that's so powerful.


And right now that credit card, it's a crutch and it's keeping you financially weak is what It's doing. So for the jobs have them fund the money beforehand. Right. It just, yeah. It changes the whole perspective. So, so yeah. So Cameron, you are not, as we finish up this call, I would, you are not bankrupt. No, I would list out all of those debts. Those credit card debts smallest to largest. You are behind on them. So they've probably at this point gone into collections. Some of them may have So, I would contact them and just say, Hey, we don't have any money to to to pay this, but will you settle with us? And if you do that, get in writing and then, and it's gonna take you guys, I mean yeah, you're making 63 with hopefully some side hustle.


You can get that up to maybe 80 mama's gotta work too. And, and, and she does. She like anything that she can do in the evenings, she can do it things remotely, virtually. And she's probably gonna hate it Cameron. She may not want to, but for you guys to get out of this ASAP, something has to change. Yeah. If you keep doing what you've been doing, you're gonna keep getting what you've been getting. So, I'm thankful that you guys are on a cash system now you're, that's like, that's, that's very good. Great habit to get in. But I, I would, I would grind it out and it's gonna take you guys, you know, three to four years. But you can do it. You can do it. We see it all the time. So we're waiting for you guys. Cameron, thanks for the call.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright, so we all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I bet there are things that you loved learning over the years. Like gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us spend our lives learning deeply about anything other than ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you, to regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere as to it's convenient for just about any schedule. You just fill out a brief online survey and get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change it anytime for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The. Ramsey Show. We're gonna go to Mark in Chicago. Hey Mark, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well I've been doing a bunch of research on investment accounts and what I have available. And I made a change in my investment strategy that feels very unorthodox. And I was looking to get your guys' opinion on it. My employer offers profit sharing so typically the order of operation would be to invest in the 401k up until the employer match. But they do profit sharing and it's not dependent on my contribution.


So I recently just pulled back almost all of my 401k contributions and we also have an HSA and I've been putting the contributions into that. So looking into it, the HSA seems to be a, what they call a triple tax advantage account. Yeah. So the math shows that this would be the correct route, but it seems like such a big shift and over the span of 20 to 30 years, it seems like it could have huge impacts either for good or bad So. I. Just wanna get your guys' opinion on that. Yeah. What's the, what's the current match that your employer has or the contribution that you don't, you don't. How much is it?


15%. Nice. Wow. So they're giving you 15% without a match, is that what you're saying? Correct. Yeah. No, it's not guaranteed every year, but I've been with the company for about three years and I've talked to people who have been there for 10 and since for that whole 10 years it's been 15% every year. Sheesh, that's awesome. Well Yeah, that's pretty great. Okay. And then the profit sharing, how does that shake out? Is it a monthly thing? How do they distribute That? Once a year. Once A year. So it's a lump sum. Yeah. Okay. And why can't that just be a great bonus and part of your income? Like are you're not viewing it as a supplement to your income?


I'm viewing it as a supplement to my retire. Well yeah, a combination of my retirement with the 401k and the HSA if I were to But they're not investing it for you, you're seeing it reflected into your paycheck, right? No, they're investing it into my 401k. Got it. Interesting. The, the entire amount. Correct. And then So I basically shifted my contributions to the 401k to the HSA, which I can invest the funds in there without any taxes being taken out. So again, I just wanna clarify this. So you've got the profit sharing that is equivalent to however many thousands of dollars a month that they're investing and you get a 15% match.


Is that right? No, I'm sorry. It's only the 15% or the profit sharing is the 15%. Correct. They do not match anything that I contribute. Okay. They just give the 15% contribution then I I probably wouldn't do your strategy. I would consider that 15% a match in the words that you used And I would invest my own 15% because it sounds like this is something that happens consistently but not necessarily all the time. Do You have a Roth IRA Mark? I do, but I haven't been contributing to it. Okay. At $8,000 in that. Okay. Yeah, because there's something powerful about having control over those investments in something like a, like a Roth IRA and the HSA It is a great, I mean my husband And I, we do this, we, you know, we'll max out what we can every year.


Yeah. And the HSA is another great vehicle to do it. So, but I, 'cause he's prob you're probably ma maxing out your 401k with their 15% contribution plus maybe whatever a couple percent percentage is on your end. Right. So right now I'm contributing 4% to my 401k. They're contributing 15% of my salary. And are, are you maxing it out? I'm doing about 12% into the HSA. Okay. But are you max maxing out the 401k every year? No you're not. Okay. So you could, it's a great match. You could max that out. But I'm with Rachel. I would then go to a Roth IRA and max that out before I went to an HSA.


Okay. You're gonna have the whole, you're gonna have the whole market open to you. Yeah. In a Roth ira. Right. But if I invest the funds in the HSA as well, wouldn't that be equivalent to No. A Roth IRA or similar? Not necessarily. I mean you have to wait number one until I think your age 65 for those funds to be available to you. So it does Versus 59 and a half. Yeah. Versus 59 and a half. So it's a longer tail on that. But also I think that again, you're gonna have the entire market open to you in a Roth IRA, which is what I'd be looking for. Yeah. That's just what I would do. Yeah. And I think for anyone listening, you know that 15% mark, which you know, once you're outta debt and you have that fully funded emergency fund, we say to go, you know, use the employer's match 'cause that's free money.


But in his case you're getting that regardless of whether you're putting money in or not. Yeah. But you wanna go up to the match, use the Roth IRA, max it out. If you have money left, you can go back to your 401k max it out. And then above that then looking into other investment options. You know, 'cause those are two retirement type sheltered tax sheltered accounts. And so, you know, prioritizing those for retirement specifically. And then other investments strategies that you can do. I mean you can do HSA, you can do paid for real estate, you can do even index funds, right? Yeah. If you wanna, you know, a Vanguard type account, right? So there's other options for investing out there, but just looking at those retirement buckets first and foremost is key.


But I would also sit down with a smart investor pro in your area and get some of that. 'cause from the tax perspective, I would wanna see the numbers being laid out. I agree because you, it is a little bit of a unique situation with your employer match. I mean That's crazy. Yeah. Contributing 15% into the 401k without you even having a match or you putting in a portion of yours. So it may be good to run some of those numbers long term. 'cause I would want the most tax benefit for you. But the Roth is a great tax benefit because even though it's after tax and your income, it is gonna grow tax free. All right, up next we have Sam in Bismarck, North Dakota. Hey Sam, welcome to the show. Hey, how are y'all doing today? Doing great. How can we help So?


I am in a pickle. I got in a car wreck Monday night. Oh, I'm sorry. Are you okay? I'm Fine. Everybody's fine. I was not at fault, thankfully. I got my insurance, I got all the insurance information. I had an adjuster come out and look at my pickup this morning and he told me that it was totaled. So I got the phone a couple hours ago with their insurance and they made me an offer for what my pickup's worth, which is $10,400 and some change. Okay.


So I got a rental car this morning. Their insurance is covering that. They told me if I take the settlement, the the 10,000 And I have the rental car for five days before I need to turn it in. So I'm kind of, I don't know what to do because I have to leave for work in a week. Which is, What was your pickup worth? If you had, if you hadn't gotten in the accident, if you, Kelly Blue booked your truck, what was it worth? Ten four. Okay. So why don't you go buy a truck today or tomorrow? Yeah. For 10,000.


I don't know if you shouldn do that. What do you think you should do? I Don't Know what's, why, why? Because this has all happened quickly. Well here's the thing. I don't wanna make a mistake Sot No, that's not a mistake. You're, I think yeah, your, your car before it was totaled was worth ten four. So it's a fair offer. They're giving you exactly what it was worth. And so you're not, you're getting the car the same value you're getting, you're gonna be able to take that money and get the same value of vehicle. You might be thinking of it as, well, when I got my truck it was worth, you know, 25,000, but it's depreciated. So you're not gonna go in and be getting a brand new vehicle.


You're gonna be getting something worth $10,400, which is truly comparable to the truck you had. Yeah. And, I do That. Yeah. And if, and if this is overwhelming you, Sam, to make a quick decision, you're saying you have to go outta town. How long will you be gone for? For work? Two weeks. Okay. So why don't you just turn in the rental car, go to work for two weeks, start shopping online. Yeah. Calling some private sale, you know, people that have, have a truck on sale and then when you get back, then maybe you don't have a car for a few days. Yeah. And or rent a car for a few days for 35 bucks or whatever, you know? Yeah. And then make sure it's inspected. Like do your due diligence Sure. When you're buying it. But I think you Could spend less if, if You wanted to And I think you still may have been shaken up.


I mean, we're talking to you three days after you've been in a wreck that a car's been totaled. So that's, that's no joke. So maybe you just take your time, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't be so paralyzed by it. You can make a quick decision in this And I. Think you're gonna be okay. Just don't go get a car payment. Use that 10 grand Thanks for the call. Thanks to everyone in the booth. Thank you Jade. Thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like You're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. This is at The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author and my good friend Jade Warshaw. And we are taking your calls. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll talk about your life, your money relationships, your work, anything and everything. So give us a call at first we have Michael in Cincinnati giving us a call. Hey Michael, how can we help? Hey, How are you guys? We're doing great. how are you? Well, it's been a heck of a day to say the least.


Oh no, I actually just got, well it's the first time I've ever been fired today. Oh, you Got fired today? Yeah. Like wow. Literally an hour ago. What? And you guys are the first people I wanted to talk to. Oh God. That's My life. And my daughter. I was gonna Say, have you Told your wife yet? Yeah, yeah. No. Oh No. What happened Michael? What, what, what's going on? Well, I'm, I'm, I'm in sales. I've been in sales my entire career and you know, I I've talked to a lot of leadership and before and they said it's bound to happen once. And this is actually the first time I've never excelled in a, in a sales role.


Okay. So that was, that was very interesting for me and very difficult for me to, you know, swallow some pride and deal with some humble pie there. But yeah. You know, one door closes, another one's bound to open. That's right. Is my outlook. And so right now, just to give you the situation of my life, my wife And I just moved into a house, our house. And it's kind of a kind of co-ownership with my parents. Oh. So technically we're renting, which is really nice. It's really affordable. What does that mean? And Whose name is on the, on the deed and whose name is on the mortgage? Well, It's theirs, it's their name.


But we're paying for everything. Right. Like we, we just needed some help to get into a house faster. 'cause my wife is, well she's gonna give birth here in the next couple weeks. And with their, to put a more sizable down payment that would be able to, that would allow us to escalate the closing. So they put down the down payment. The mortgage is theirs, but you guys pay the note. Yeah. It ever be transferred into your name. Is the, is the goal of this to eventually you guys owning the house? Yeah. Yeah. I mean it, it could be that that's, you know, future discussions down the line, but it was really just to escalate the closing.


So it's your parents' house and you're renting it because You couldn't afford it And they're renting it to you at cost. Yeah, I mean we had money for a down payment. It was really just so that they could escalate the closing from, you know, 30 day standard to like a week or two weeks. So did you put money down as well? No, they, they allowed us to actually keep some money. So yeah, it's, everything's in their name. But I mean, okay, So it's just a rental house. We Treat the houses. Yeah. We treat the houses as our own. Right. We pay for everything. That's And Money. Yeah, that's, I'm a little bit, okay. So that's, gosh. Yeah. So that's what I'm a little bit concerned. I am a little bit concerned about. 'cause whenever you do a deal with family, which we usually don't recommend, everything needs to be laid out.


And so the fact that the future of the situation has not been talked about. 'cause Michael, what I don't want is you guys in this house for five years, something happens with them and So, I don't know whatever, whatever. And then you could have been building equity in your own home that you could afford. Right. So, but I think that's a separate, let, let's pause. It's a separate issue. Let's, let's pause that because I think that We also, we also have a own rental And I house that, Wait, say that again? You were breaking up. My wife And I. We actually have another home that was our rental property, but it's, it's currently rented out. They signed a three year lease, actually. Rental. So you own a rental property as well? Yes. Okay. Yes.


But what's really going on is we, we're trying to pay off our debt. We have about $75,000 between student loans, car notes and that type of thing. But we have a 1-year-old, we have a baby who's gonna come really in the next couple weeks. So being the only income, the person who provides income, based on my situation, I will be paid for about the next two months. I will have insurance for the next two months. Good. Okay, good. I have, well you shouldn say we have about 45,000 in cash sitting with one of my brokers. I have about four grand in cash and just disposable physical cash in one of my safes.


I have about 3000 in silver and, and a couple thousand. And just like the emergency, like a immediate emergency fund. Like 2000 or like 8,000? No, 2000, 8,000. Sorry. Okay. And right now I'm just trying to understand because, oh, I also have a Jeep, a car that's paid off that I'm going to sell. What's it worth? About 14,000. Okay. Okay, good. So you, so Michael, I mean I could give you my timeline asap. Yeah. I would 100% be looking for another job today. Even though you're getting severance. Right, right, right. Yeah. So once you get a full-time job, then I would press play on the baby steps.


We do say that that snowball can go on pause if you guys are pregnant, which you are. So that is a reason to pause. And if a big life change happens, if you're gonna be moving soon, if there's a job change, I mean all of it, you know, you can pause for a season. So that's exactly where you guys are. I would pause until baby comes, until you have a new job. Which again Michael, I would say a new job. This isn't you calling us in 12 months saying I'm still looking for a job. This is you finding a job in the next 60 days, 90 days. Take any job until you get the job. Yeah. And then I would be cashing out the silver. You have that emergency fund you had the 45,000, that's 50,000 that can be thrown at the 75,000 and then you had 14,000 from the Jeep. So you guys are debt free. I mean you're done. Yeah. The 4,000 cash too. Yep.


So that's, so that's, you're done there. You can use that 4,000 as your starter emergency fund, the fully funded emergency fund. And then I would just, I would just keep rocking and rolling. And then the next question for me would be the house And I would sit down with your parents or your in-laws, whichever set of parents that was And. I would have a very clear, kind, but very clear written down idea of what this next step is gonna be. Because in your rental house, I'm curious, do you guys have a clause that if you sell that, the renter, I mean, do you have anything in your lease that gives you the ability to sell the rental house There? I have a property management company. He did everything because he bought the house.


Okay. Do you know what's in the lease? My job, I have to take a Look because if there's A house four months later we had to move to Florida. Okay. If there's a clause that you can sell that property, I know rental properties are so cool and all that, I would sell it. And. I would use that. Michael and the down payment you guys had saved, where is that money you said? I had, we had saved for a down payment, but it wasn't quite enough. Saved 40 5K. It's in an, it's in Ameri, an Ameriprise account. What is that? How much is that? That's, that's a 45,000. Oh that's the 45,000. Okay. So then I would use, yeah, the money from the rental property and use that as a down payment on a, on a home. Your own home or or to sell, to sell out or change the deed out of the current home if you guys can afford it. Right.


Yeah. But I would kind of just like liquidate everything. And that is an amazing starting ground. Yeah. I mean if you have no debt, you guys have an emergency fund, which you could use some of that proceeds. Yeah. Because your rental house is in Florida, right? Is that what you said? No, it's, it's in Cincinnati. Okay. We got it. And then four months later we had to move to Florida for my job. Okay, I gotcha. I gotcha. So yeah, I mean I, I probably get rid of the rental. And I would be doing, you know, pretty traditional investing. And I, I'd wanna get outta the rental house with the parents because you're, yeah, they're letting you rent out costs, but you're paying for everything. You're paying for all the repairs, everything that's, And there's no equity to your name at that point. So yeah, I would probably change that. And again, if you guys need a minute, 'cause you're about to have a baby, you can, it's not completely urgent.


But I would have that conversation and start that path. Yeah. So we threw a lot at you, Michael. Maybe you can go back and re-Watch this and listen, go back and listen. But that's, that's what we would do. And I know that takes time. It's easier said than done, but you guys have, have some great options, which is so exciting. So congrats on the baby and congrats on the new job you're about to find. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird. If that means doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment that you couldn afford with a low fixed interest rate that you couldn't get anywhere else to help stick to your budget and to work with the debt snowball. So go to Why Refi dot com today slash ramsey. That's the letter Why Refi. REF y.com/ramsey may not be available in Allstate.


Okay, So today's question comes from Evan in Kansas. He says, my wife And I are debt free except our mortgage, which we owe 120,000 on. My wife recently quit her job to stay at home with our baby. And now after all our basic expenses are paid, there's nothing left over. We've been contemplating ways to save and the only area we could really cut is food. We're considering going to some of the mini food pantries in our city a few times a month to get the majority of our food. So we could still have a couple hundred dollars to throw out the mortgage. Is this ethical considering I have a stable job and it's not like we'd go hungry without the food pantry. We agree that once our mortgage is paid, we would donate these food pantry items to give back.


Is this the wrong way to become debt free? I'm gonna go with Yes. I would not do that. I, you know, you said it best, Evan, you said, you know, you've got a stable job and you don't need this And I think food pantries are really there for people who need it like they're in need. Yeah. And there's also the side of this where, again, we kind of talked about this earlier in the show, but if you choose the stay at home route or you, you choose any route that's gonna have one of the spouses not working, then you make the that bed and so you lay in it. Yeah. And that's not a bad thing, it's just you've both decided, okay, this is gonna take down our income significantly and we're okay with that.


And then you've decided if this means it's gonna take a lot longer to pay off the mortgage, you two decide on that. And I would not. Yeah. You use like community resources. Yeah. Basically for Yeah. That, that are not of need. Yeah. I wouldn't do it. Yeah. I don't think I would either. I wouldn't do that. So yeah, And I think he knows that. To Jade's point. Yeah. He wouldn't probably be asking Yeah. If you didn't feel great about it. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think again, it's, it's a, maybe a shift in the budget. Maybe it's waiting a year or two and you'll get a raise and you can use some of that margin because when you get to the point of paying off your house, that's where we always say, you can kind of relax off the accelerator. Yeah. And you make decisions then, you know, that may be different than baby steps one through three. Right.


And And The baby's gonna grow up and she might decide. Yeah. When the baby goes to kindergarten, she goes back to work and then you guys are, you know, that's right. Going Forward again. Absolutely. Well, thanks for the question, Evan. All right. Next we have Connor in Jackson, Mississippi. Hey Connor, welcome to the show. Hey guys, thank y'all for having me on. Absolutely. How can we help So? I am a 19-year-old college student in the Mississippi area, but I'm also a business owner and I'm kind of teetering on, this is my second year of college. I'm at a community college in my local hometown and I'm just trying to figure out if I want to go off and pursue a four year degree from a university, or should I stay at home and continue working on my business.


Hmm. What's your business? So. I own a landscape company. It started off as, you know, just a side hustle. When I could first start driving at 16, I just bought a push mower from Home Depot and started put mowing yards Over you. Connor it, Thank you. Over time it just got bigger and bigger. Now we have three full-time employees plus myself. Dang. I'm just, how much are you making? How much you making a, a month off this? So it varies, obviously, you know, in the winter Sure. It doesn't, we don't do as much. But right now we're doing about last, I'll say this, last month we did 40,000 in sales.


so What do you take home? So? I? Think I will. I mean, I, I try and spend as much as possible. I try and reinvest as much as possible. Since I'm young, I don't really have any bills. Okay. I do live in an apartment. Yeah. But I, I really don't have any Bills. So, I kind of If you did, if you did though, because what you're talking about not going to college at some point, then it's like, okay, well you're gonna get your own place and you're gonna do, you're gonna need income. So if you did draw an income, what do you think it'd be? If I, if I needed to, I could probably scratch out probably about 60,000 a year right now. Okay. That's great. That's cool. So, so the question is, do you go to college or work on the business that's growing?


What do you wanna do, Connor? Do you, are you enjoying this business? Are you wanting to do this full-time? Yes. Are you gonna go to, is your, is your mindset for going to college to help grow the current business or to start something new, get a different degree? Like what would be the four year college goal? It would probably, so my major right now is just a business administration. It's not in like landscape architecture or anything like that. I'm not necessarily tied down to landscaping, but I do, I do enjoy working with my hands. But what I enjoy more is being a business owner. I've always been an entrepreneur ever since I was young between flipping shoes and clothes and buying stuff low and selling it high.


Yeah. It's just always, it's, it's in my blood really. I think That's, I think that's a, a great indicator because obviously the college and university route is not for everybody Growing in your education is for everybody. What I would say is really looking at your five to 10 year picture. If you, when you picture yourself in five years, what do you see yourself doing? And when you look, and then when you reverse engineer that you go, okay, does that require me having a degree? How did I get there? Like, really think through that. Yeah. Because there, you know, there's the societal timeline of when you're 18 you go to college, but if you're not ready to do that yet, and if you can't afford to go there yet.


Yeah. Well, I mean, 'cause I was gonna say Connor, there's, you know, you go to college to either get some type of degree to get you in a field that you need. Right. And there still are definitely, yeah. Routes, career routes that require a college degree. And you mentioned like landscape architect, right? Maybe there's a architectural degree that you need 'cause you wanna work for this firm in five. Like there's a, there's a route, so you're getting somewhere. But I would personally, I would not go and get a business degree and spend Yeah. 60, 70,000. No, because you know what Connor, I'll be honest, you're learning a heck of a lot more running your own business than you're going to be some theory sitting in business class. It's gonna be behind anyway. I Mean, honestly, seriously, it it's so true.


And like the life experience that you have is so much greater than usually what you can learn in a classroom. Not always. Yeah. But in a business entrepreneurial route, people run and grow businesses all the time without a college degree and you're getting, you know, a really basic degree. Yeah. You know, degree there with your community college, which I think is really smart to do. I do too. But I mean, if, if your goal is to have this company continue to grow it, Don't, I think you play that Out. I don't, you don't need a, you don't need a college degree to do that. So I would save the investment of what you would pay for college and continue down this route if I, if I were you. But again, if you get into something that's a little bit more specific and tied to some type of licensing or, you know, degree that you need, then maybe you look into it.


But for now, Connor, I mean, you're killing it. Is there anybody that's true. You thousand dollars with three employees last year. I mean, it's pretty impressive. Do you have a, a thank you. A business that's doing what you wanna be doing? That you're watching? Yes. So, I actually have two mentors. Okay. Before I started my own company when I was 15, I worked for one of my good buddies. His dad is, has been in the landscaping industry for 30 years probably. Okay. And he's very large and he did not go to college either. And so he, he is from a suburb of Jackson and as Jackson in the metro area grew, he just, like, his name just spread out everywhere.


And he's, he does multimillion sales every single year. Oh. I Believe it. Good. I believe it. And no commercial. It's, it's all residential. Yep. And so that's kind of what I want to do. And I, I talk to him very, very often. Okay, Good. Good. You know, I'll hold on the line. Connor and Christian's gonna pick up and we'll give you a copy of Entree leadership because I think there is a, what you're experiencing as a small business, I mean you're having to lead people, which is what you really enjoy running that business side. But it can be tricky and as you continue to grow it, there's gonna be, you know, more avenues to go down and That's right. And it's gonna get a little bit more complicated. And then the entrepreneurial side that is so ingrained in you, you obviously have that Yeah. Inside of you, which is just amazing. So we'll send you a copy of Entree Leadership and make sure check out even the podcast.


Yes. That's great. We have a Yeah. Part of Ramsey is helping small businesses 'cause we believe in em. We think it is the backbone of America and it's incredible. So Connor, 19 years old guy man, kid. I was gonna call you kid. You're not a Kid. A man, A man. Yeah. But you're doing really great. Connor So I, appreciate the call. Very good. This is The Ramsey Show Up trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job.


That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls at AAA eight two five five two two five. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting with Jade Warshaw. And we're gonna go to Brandon in Columbus, Ohio. Hey Brandon, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you doing today? We're Doing great. How can we help? So the reason I'm calling is I can't seem to build any kinda wealth whatsoever. Hmm. Wow. What's happening? Tell us more.


Well, you know, I got, I got three boys, And I got a wife that stays at home and I'm the only income, but I think I'll make okay money, but every time I try to build some wealth, you know, like something happens with the kids or, yeah. Okay. You know, something on that long. Tell us about your income. What are you making every year? Well, I'm a union electrician. Okay. So, I make I bounce 1528 if I work on Saturdays. Okay. And, I usually work Saturdays. So every month. If you look at your budget, how much is on that top item?


My budgets, it takes about 4,800 and some change maybe. Okay. But Is that what you're bringing in 4,800 Income wise? That's what you're bringing in? Income wise, I'm bringing in maybe about six. Okay. So 6,000. Okay. And then do you guys have debt? Well, you know, I got, I got my Jeep and my old lady has her, her van. And is is that on payments? It, I wish it wasn't, but it is. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. How much, how much do you guys owe on, on yours? Well, my Jeep, I got maybe, maybe eight, 8,000 left.


And on her van we just had to get, so it's around 22. Okay. How much said you just got it? Yeah, we just got it maybe about a week ago. How much are your car payments in the, on those, both of those? Well, that's where it's eating me. Yeah. 'cause on my Jeep, on my Jeep I'm paying about four on her van. I'm paying around six. Oh, I bet you. Ooh. Yeah, It's a thousand dollars. Okay. What else? Yeah, so, so you got the Jeep, the van, what else do you have? Are there credit cards? Do you have any other loans? No, I really don't have loans. I mean, I mean we got, you know, groceries and we got, we got rent.


Okay. So those, that's fine. Those are fixed expenses on your budget. But do you have any other debt which is, you know, a lump sum of money that you owe? Mm, I mean, maybe when I was a younger man, let's, I'll just keep it easy. I'd probably say maybe about 10 grand maybe. What would it be? And credit cards? Oh No, it, it, it'd probably be a little bit of hospital. Okay. And may maybe mis miscellaneous. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm kinda lost the word. That's No, you're fine. That's okay. Brandon, how old are your kids? I got a 10-year-old. I got a 6-year-old And I got a one about to be 2-year-old. Okay, Perfect. Okay.


So here's the thing. I think you're having a hard time building wealth because your biggest wealth building tool is your income. And right now a thousand dollars of your income is going, or, and maybe a little bit more is going towards your debt payments every single month. And it sounds like, I'm not sure, but it sounds like maybe you're trying to do a little of this, a little of that, a little of that over here. And the method that we teach you is going to give you focused intensity on one area at a time for the most part. So Right. Do you have any money saved? That's a problem. I don't. Okay. I can't seem to save a dollar. Okay. So let's go back to the, the, the essentials here. I think the first thing here is the budget.


You told me that out of $6,000 a month, it takes 4,800 to run your household. So that means somewhere along the way there's $1,200 left if you're doing your budget. Correct? Correct. But you just said you, you can't find a dollar. So something about that budget isn't adding up. So let's kind of let Rachel And I give you a quick crash course with the budget. Yeah, because the, the thing is with the budget, Brandon is like, it needs to be realistic. So you keep saying Okay. You know, which I get we, Jade has kids, I have little kids. Yeah. So stuff does come up, you know, when you're a family and there's multiple people here keeping afloat. So either you need to redo the budget and say, okay, realistically we need a kids' line item because stuff is gonna come up every month that we have to pay school fees, like whatever it may be.


Yeah. Sports Yep. That we're gonna put in. And then there also may be Brandon a, you know, a a a time that you and your wife sit down and you say, okay, we're gonna limit this budget and just because we feel like, you know, the kids need X, Y, and Z, we may tell them no right now because your goal is going to be to get outta of debt. And so that budget is really, really key. And tightening up that budget is gonna, is gonna be huge. So that's gonna automatically probably give you some of that breathing room of that $1,200 that we don't, you know, it kind of just disappears. Right. The next piece of this I would do. Okay, RA so Rachel's telling you to tighten up the budget Yeah. And you have a lot of car.


Yeah. Is that what you're going next? Yeah. You just bought this car for 22,000 I To $600 payment and a month. Brandon, Sell it. Sell it. Yeah. Because, and we always say not to have anything with wheels and motors that is more than half of your annual income. Yeah. And you guys are right over that. I mean, you're making 60. Yeah. And, I mean you guys are, you're, you're, you're close to that. You're at 30. I mean like, so you're, it's too much. You have too much car. And, I think you're feeling that Brandon, you're feeling that. And so looking to say, okay, what are our options? What can we do that is different? And it's probably gonna be selling that van And Yeah. And that's gonna take, so let's put this in the timeline.


So the first thing you're doing what Rachel said, you're getting on your budget, you're getting a realistic budget. You're figuring out what can we cut so that this $1,200 is actually a reality and it's you and your wife agreeing to that because you need that money so you can save up a little bit to get out of this car and get into a car that you can afford. Because no more car, no more car payments. Right? So you need at least five, $6,000 to make this thing happen at least. Right? So we're getting out of this car and then after that it's okay, we freed up $600, we can breathe a little bit. And maybe it's you picking up a side hustle, your wife, she's got the 2-year-old at home, but there's, you know, at least it's one at home and not the others. And so what can she do to bring in extra income?


And from this point on, it really is you guys deciding how quickly you clean up this mess by deciding how much more money comes in. Because the ultimate goal is building wealth. The debt is standing in the way that you clear out the debt and then you get yourself that emergency fund of three to six months saved. Now you're gonna feel peace about day-to-day life. Right? So if an emergency hits you, you're fine. And now you can actually start building wealth. You can start investing into your 401k if you have it. Start investing into a Roth IRA as an option. But we've gotta get through baby steps one through three. One through three first. Yeah. Brandon, I have you looked into, you know, other small businesses in your area and what they're paying for electricians.


I just wonder, even if you switch out of the union, if you could find a better gig that pays more. Well, I mean I've, I mean I've done, I did solar for seven years and you know, I I I have a little LLC with that, but I mean, and realistically until I hit a journeyman's card, you know, I'm not really, there's really nothing out there that's maybe paying more. I may, okay, it may be a dollar, it may be $2, but it's nothing like jumping up another 10 to $12,000. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I was just curious if, you know, sometimes in the private sector there's, you know, other opportunities.


So I just didn't know if you had explored that because, 'cause I think the gold two, Brandon is, you know, you guys make 60,000 and yes, there's a level of intensity during baby steps one through three to kind of get you outta this hole. So there will be, you know, extra work here or there, all that. But I think the goal is eventually to be able to live off of your income Yeah. Comfortably and enjoy it. Be able to put some money aside for retirement. You know, do some of these things to enjoy your life. And so if that is not coming to fruition, got shift. Yeah. Then that's where a bigger conversation is. And, and you guys are renting right now, right? So even home ownership to be in the picture eventually, which I know can probably feels very overwhelming right now to think about.


But, but to be able to, to get there. But hey Brandon, I want you to hold on the line because Christian's gonna pick up And, I wanna gift you guys, financial Peace University, you and your wife. This is our nine lesson course and go through this and, and again, it runs the gamut. Everything from the budget to getting outta debt, all of it. And then, you know what, and hold on the line too, and Christian, we'll throw in some McKen Coleman's stuff. He has a great career assessment. That would just be interesting Brandon. And again, being an electrician making 60 grand, that's fabulous work and wonderful. But I think we, I think people do get to a reality of, okay, how do I sustain my life? Yeah. And if you can ever make more that's gonna help it without completely shifting your lifestyle.


So just outta curiosity, maybe dig into some of that too and see if that kind of triggers anything for you. So thanks for the call Brandon. You guys got this. Just stay on track. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So just imagine you look up a year from now and everything that you wanted to accomplish, you accomplish. Because when you wanna do something, it doesn't just happen by chance. You have to be motivated, you have to have a plan to really get there and be organized. That's why we are so excited about the new 2025 Ramsey, Goal Planner. It is here. And myself and Jade Warshaw and our friend Dr. John Delony, we have content in there for you. We're gonna walk you through different months talking about your money, talking about your spiritual life, your relationships, and within it, it features so much you guys. And as a month and weekly calendars, stickers, a vision board, goal setting system and all of it. Mm. So this can be yours today for 49 97. And don't wait because it has been selling so fast. Yeah. And these sell out 'cause we only order a certain qua quantity because once 20, 25 hits people Yeah. They're, they're not buying planners. So we have a limited availability. So make sure to get it and it's been fantastic. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description if you're watching on YouTube or listening on podcast.


Up next we have Vanessa in Seattle. Hey Vanessa, welcome to the show. Hey, Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. Okay. So I'm just gonna dive right in. So I'm a 54-year-old woman. I live in the Seattle area. I am not working right now. I'm at the tail end of a bankruptcy. I was married, And, I got, I there was just too much debt. I couldn't, there was no way that I could get out of that. So I did file bankruptcy, it just discharged. And so there's that having, you know, just starting over with credit. I I am not gonna have a place to live as of December, the end of December, the owners of the home that I've been living in have decided to sell.


It's, and it's been an absolute shock because my ex-husband completely remodeled the inside And I thought for sure, you know, I'd have some time here. Oh wow. So gosh, you've had a lot Vanessa. I have a lot going on in my Yes, Absolutely. Yes. I'm so sorry. Divorce and the bankruptcy. Thank you. And a living situation that's up in the air. That's Hard. And you said your ex-husband remodeled the inside of the rental house He did. Of a rental. Yeah, because When y'all were living there together We were for four months and then he moved out. It was an abusive marriage. So it took me a long time to get out of that. But I did know I did. I'm so proud of you. Yeah, it's extremely Bright. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that. So I was making anywhere between 15 and 18,000 with an eBay business while I was married.


He was the primary, you know, he, he had the job, he was bringing in very good money. But we were renting in the previous house we were at for nine years. So this is my third marriage. I just wanna say that if, if I knew that I was gonna be here, I would already have a house. But it just didn't work out that way. So. Okay. So I. so what I, yeah. so What are you doing right now, Vanessa, for how are you paying your rent right now? how are you paying for expenses? Well, I, I was living off my savings and then I lost on top of everything. I lost my daughter. It was very sudden.


She, she died. She was 26. I'm sorry. I know there's so much going on. So that just killed me. I mean it so hard, so horrible. You know, any, there's nothing like losing a child. It's Horrible. Oh, I can't even imagine. So it's been hard, you know, to work, to concentrate on eBay, to do anything really. I mean, it just completely, it was debilitated and just from everything. So Did you get anything out of the, out of the divorce? I did and I've been living on that How much over the last three years? Let's see, So, I was receiving maintenance and then I, I had about 50,000 saved.


So what's that down to now? It's down to zero. However, there is some good news. I just inherited $30,000. Okay. So, I need to know what to do with my $30,000. I don't have any debt other than the car payment. I have a car payment that's 300 a month. And how much do you owe on the car? What's the total amount you owe on the car? I owe about 18,000 on that. Okay. So 18 to 20 It's, it might be about 20 with the payoff. Fine. Okay. So, so, but if I take that Yeah, let Tomorrow let us, let us give you some help here. Yeah. And, and real quick, will you, you just gimme a quick timeline. These are big, these are big things that have happened. Will you, will you just kinda walk me through really quickly, really quickly when the divorce happened, the loss of your daughter and the bankruptcy.


When, when, when did all this play out? Okay, so the bankruptcy was it, it just discharged. So that was 90 days. It's been about four months total with That. Okay. Okay. Losing my daughter happened, it was last January. So it's been a, it's been a year and a half. Okay. Okay. And my divorce, we separated after we moved into this home, which was November of 2021. So he moved out in April of 2022. Okay. So since then I have been living off of what I have, what I got, what I received from that. Okay. That's good. I just Wanna know 'cause I mean these are like three very traumatic things. Huge that have occurred. So, I just didn't know how timeline wise.


Because I think for you Vanessa, this, I mean you're, you're the biggest glaring light that I see is, is the income side. Right? I'm not because as you experience with the 50,000, if you continue to live on savings and you're not, you know, replacing that with other income, it eventually dwindles and that's what you've experienced. And so making sure that this $30,000 does not dwindle And the only way to really do that is to be able to be bringing in some income, which I know is right. So, Sorry. No, you're good. Go ahead. Okay. So I, I've been working on my master's degree.


I was busy with that Good in art history. Now what I'm gonna do with that, I have no idea. I mean, people ask art history, what whatcha gonna Art history. Yeah. 'cause I love, I just love it. I love architecture, art. What did you plan do with it when you got It? And. I. Yeah. That And how are you paying for it? I don't Know. May maybe teach. I was, I was paying for my, my education as I went. Okay. So, I. Still have some, I have some loans I think. Oh, I'm not sure exactly. Yeah. I have student I wasn't able to file. You can't file on those So I. No, you can't. Was not able to. Okay, so let's get, let's do thats we gotta, we gotta get organized and we gotta get a game plan going forward.


Right now is not the time to keep taking those classes 'cause you can't afford to pay for 'em and you still have some existing student loan debt. It sounds like you've got the 18,000 for this car. What I believe your homework should be And I think Rachel probably agree is first things first you gotta get a job. Yeah. And, and, and a job. And this is, and you know this is target, Vanessa. I mean this is making 18 an hour at Walmart. I mean this is truly job, truly doing what you can because the decisions so far are not panning out in reality for you. Right. An art history degree. I'm gonna go get a master's, but I don't know what I wanna do with it. Right. So, I wanna make sure the ROI on your time is realistic and, and so being able just to get something in, I think it'll be Good for you Vanessa.


I think there's gonna be a level of dignity. Yes. And confidence of you going and earning your own money. That's gonna be huge. So for the time being, I mean it would be tomorrow I would be out and just retail whatever you can just to be getting an income in and then eventually figuring out what does Vanessa wanna do and what can Vanessa do to support herself and be able to, you know, advance throughout life. You know, you're, you're in your fifties and there's, you know, there's still a great a lot to go. Yeah, yeah. A great life to live. And I want you to be able to, to do that. But the steps would be number one, finding a job tomorrow. Any job And, I would be, I would be working like crazy. I think my goal would be not to touch the 30,000. That Would be the goal. Yeah. And I. Think selling the car is probably gonna, Selling the car is Big because you don't need an $18,000 car, Vanessa, you need a $6,000 Car.


And then third I'd say, you know that, you know that the time is coming where you won't be living in this house anymore. That's right. So let's start doing research on a place that we can live. Live that's less expensive possibly. Right. So that you can, Studio, apartment can be just tiny. I mean anything, again, it's gonna be uncomfortable for a little bit, but I think making some of these wiser more conservative decisions is gonna give you some bandwidth and some margin. Yes. You need It. Yes. Okay. The car might be a little bit tricky and the reason is because I kept that through the bankruptcy and then just negotiated the interest rate. So if I let that go, then it's gonna hit my credit, which I want Squeaky.


If you sell it from here forward possibly Yeah. I, I probably could sell it at 'cause Yeah, That's what we're talking about. We're we're talking about you, you looking on Kelley Blue Book, decide and seeing what it's worth and then you selling it and buying something cheaper in cash, not a payment. Yep. That's right. Okay, Vanessa, that's a lot. Why don't you hang on the line. Christian will pick up and we'll get you with a Ramsey coach to help you. Well if you're listening on radio, keep on listening. But if you're on YouTube or podcast, make sure to go download The Ramsey Show app to get the third hour there. Thanks to everyone in the booth. Thank you Jade Warshaw and we will see you soon. America.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.