
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We help you win with your money. We help you win in your work. And, we want you to win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me this hour. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Rachel is our resident money expert today. She's gonna help you figure out how to spend it, how to budget it, how to save it, how to invest it, and then I'm gonna help you make it. How about that? So it is your money, your life. So we've got income and outflow is what we're gonna work on today. So we want to help you. Let's get started with AJ in New York City. aj, how can we help you today?


Hi, I'm just calling in because I got this big loan from my mom and what happened was I was supposed to get a loan from the bank, but we didn't have a credit score. I was just a recent grad. So we took a loan from my mom who I really don't have a good relationship with. And so it ended up being she wanted, we tried to ask her to do monthly payments, you know, pay her back and she wanted the whole payment in full. So then we actually had to end up getting a loan from a bank anyways. and I just feel like this loan is like, I have two small kids.


I just feel like this loan is stopping us from getting a house, just like starting our life. Sure. You know, it's a huge chunk of payments every single month. How much is the loan in total? Did you borrow from her? From her? I borrowed $41,000. 41 40, Okay. And what was it for? It was to start a business. My husband, he's a MMA fighter and he opened up a fight show and, you know, that was his dream. He did it, we did it with that loan, but is it Making money? Came Back money right now because it got closed down during Covid and we're still recovering from that.


I think this year. Finally we're making, he is making a little bit off of it now and he is thinking to expand and things like that this year. Okay, well Hold on a second if we don't wanna expand until he pays off the 41 k because the, the, the, the $41,000 is on the actual gym, the business itself, correct? Yes. Right. Yes, absolutely. so I would be cautioning him. Let's not expand. We, we actually, at this point, after he pays himself, is that your primary income as well or has he got income from another, I'm guessing from his fighting? Yeah, he does have income from fighting and also I have income from my job as well. What's your combined income? Let's not include the gym right now. About 80,000 a year.


Okay. And how long, how long has it been? Because you said you borrowed this money, it's before Covid, so how many years has it been? Yeah, It's been since, that was in 2018. That was in 2018. And then the loan from the bank that we got was around two years ago, I wanna say two and a half years ago. Okay. So you got the loan from the bank to pay your mom back so your mom's no longer in the equation. Correct. This is just now the Okay. No, that's good. Which honestly, aj I know, I mean in that case to, to solidify or heal any part of the relationship, not having money in the middle of it, if that was ever to be a day I think is better. I'd rather owe a bank than have a strain on a relationship, you know, with, with a parent.


Okay. So how can we best help you today? Is it just, is it figuring out how to find margin to help pay this loan off faster? Absolutely. So like, I do wanna find margin, but then there is like a little twist in the story. So my husband, he has a student and I guess the student is, you know, very well off. He told my husband that he wants to invest $150,000 into the business to have a park. And so I'm wondering if you guys think that's a good idea. I think it's a great idea. Okay. I wanna opinion real quick clarification. I'm assuming that the $41,000 loan that's in the name of the business, correct? Or is that a Personal loan?


No, that loan actually is a personal loan. It's in our name. Okay. Yeah. Well, okay. Okay. And then the student wants to come in now and give you guys $150,000 to be a partner in the gym? Yeah. Okay. So partnership and business, I mean, Ken can speak on that more. That's a whole other ball game in a sense that like Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's kind of changing the whole Way. I, I'd want to know whole terms and, and, and that's a stickier situation. I mean, Dave has very strong opinions on partnerships. I'm not quite as anti that, but it comes down to yeah, there's gotta be a really, really strong relationship and there's gotta be very, very clearly defined roles.


Yeah. But, but it, it sounds like a great idea to you because the business has been struggling. So a cash infusion of $150,000 on the surface does sound good. There's no, there's no question that it sounds good and it, and it feels good, but we've got two separate issues and without your husband on the phone and walking us through the terms, I'm limited in what advice I could give you. What I'd rather us do, Rachel, is focus on, okay, we've got a, what we know is we've got an $80,000 combined income And. we have a $41,000 personal loan. I thought that the loan was on the business side, but this is a personal loan so you guys can clean this up and should clean this up and that's why you called. Yes, absolutely. Yep.


That's the main reason. Yep, for Sure. What other debt do you guys have? So then $5,000 in credit cards for me and then for him around 10,000 in credit cards and then two car payments. So on his Whoa, he owes around 6,000. I know. And then my car, I, I made a bad financial decision with this car, but I owe about $28,000 on this car. Okay. So it's not even just this loan, it's kind of the way you guys have been living with money up until this point. That's Absolutely, yeah. Causing You to it has been to stress and Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and I would, you know, with an $80,000 income Yeah.


You guys are kind of right at that, at that brink of of, And then we pay for daycare. Yeah. Another thing. So that's not a loan, but you know, totally. Yeah. Yeah. You You have more debt than you make. You're at about $90,000 in debt if I'm doing quick math. Yeah. So, okay. So yeah. So aj I mean, honestly, when you're looking at the financial part of this quickly, I mean, money flows two ways, right? Money flows in, money flows out. And from the expenses side, you guys sitting down and together, together you and your husband doing a household budget every single month and looking through and saying, what are the non-negotiables? So food, shelter, utilities, transportation. Next would be childcare.


Next would be insurance, right? These things that we have to have. And then everything else down below that, I mean, I'm, I'm putting a full stop on and that's going out to eat, that's subscriptions, that's vacation. I mean, any extra spending is just halted completely. Completely. And any luxury, anything that is a, that you're paying for convenience stop. Like this is down to the bare bones and that's the outflow and that's gonna, that's gonna help you guys get control of that income that hits every month. But then you're probably gonna look up AJ and realize Oh, my gosh, we're, we're not making enough to make a ton of headwinds. So the income is where the problem is gonna be. And so for him and his full-time job is great, but what he's doing beyond that is the gym.


And it's not making a ton right now. so I think you, I think you guys as a family have to say, Hey, as a couple, where is our time best spent to get us out of this financial hole? Because until you guys have a solid fin financial foundation under you, are you gonna be able to make clear decisions? You're not making clear decisions right now. Someone offers you 150 K to have, you know, in the gym and you wanna jump at it because there's cash right there, right? So like, I don't feel like you guys are making great decisions. And so there's something to be said of, hey, even though there was this dream And, we have this investment, we have this stupid $40,000 loan to open this gym. Yeah. Where is our time best spent to bring in as much income as possible for the next 24, 36 months?


Yeah. And then beyond that we can dream and say, Hey, where do we wanna go? But you guys started the opposite and untangling that. It, it's gonna be hard, but it's gonna be needed to get any, any level of progress in this. Yeah, You can do the work. Hang on the line. I'm gonna give you the total money makeover book. You guys need to read that together. This is The, Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall, Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W s.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with US America. I'm Ken Coleman, the fabulous Rachel Cruz is alongside today. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. We wanna help you win. Rachel will help you with your money. I wanna help you with your income. And lemme tell you something, when you get control of, of your money and you start increasing your income, you are on your way to living like no one else. And that's what we want today. Let's go to Matt in Utica, New York. Matt, how can we help today? Ken, Rachel. So excited to be on the show. thank you so much for taking my call. In fact, I was in the middle of driving to the hospital. We are welcoming our third child into this world and I had to pull to aside and try to call you guys.


And so I'm so thankful to get through. Wait, so here's, Hold on, Rachel, take over please. Your wife's in labor right now? Yes ma'am. I don't know if Rachel, Cruz, I don What? I don't even know if I wanna talk to you right now. I feel like you need to, Hey, I wanna, I wanted to set a first for the show. She technically is not in labor. She's actually being induced, but not For later. so I fair. so I some Well, I'll And she knows this all is happening that that Helps the helps. You saw what I did there? That helps. I immediately went to Rachel and said, shall we proceed? 'cause Matt, if I was, if I was your wife in the car like I was, I felt with three babies and went down the interstate. I got nervous, not nice things were coming outta my mouth. so I, I I was nervous. I got the Hospital, got I, got some medication.


I mean Matt, you made me nervous like I was gonna get in trouble. That's how. So I'm glad we settled that. Okay, so you're on the side of the road, you're safe. I'm Glad we started this call on a high note. She definitely wanna get to my question, kind of this kind of purpose, But congrats. Congrats. We didn't say congrats on the third baby. Congrats. thank you guys. Thank, you alright? What's, what's going on? Thank You Very, very excited and blessed. I appreciate you. So here's the question. So my, my wife and I, we have had to move three different times for my work during the Covid era. And so we find ourselves now settled in a position in a home that was owned by her grandmother who has since passed. And now ownership belongs half to her mother and half to her aunt.


We are the only ones living in the home right now. And we've assumed the mortgage, which has just 57,000 left on it and the payments about $480 a month and we've obviously taken a hundred percent of the mortgage. So we're just, we're just taking it. There was an offer No, Hold, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yes sir. Do you mean you're just paying the mortgage payment as like a rent? You haven't actually a assume essentially A rent. Okay, but the mortgage isn't in your name. Correct. Okay. Correct. I wanted to make sure that I understood that. Okay, go ahead. So we ended up getting an assessment on the home to see the valuation of what it was and it turns out it's worth $148,000.


That was three months ago when we first moved in. We've been offered by her aunt to buy her out for a number of $38,000. And in that capacity we would take on 50% ownership with her mother if we decided to move forward by paying her aunt 38,000. And you're saying the house is worth 1 38 And you and and on 1 48, Oh sorry. 1 48. Okay. And you guys owe, so House is worth 1 48. Balance is 57 K on mortgage. We were offered to buy her out for 38 to retain 50% essentially of the home's value. No, I wouldn't do that.


Rachel, do you agree or disagree? Yeah, no, I mean, where all this gets really messy, really fast Matt, is when multiple people are on deeds and mortgages and ownership and equity and you're paying rent but it's not going to you. I mean like it gets really complicated really fast. So honestly, the cleanest way I would do this, if you, number one, if you guys love this home, would you have bought this home? If it wasn't in her family, We would not. Okay. Yeah, there's your answer. So I would rent for, you know, three, four more months, get you guys in a position to go and buy your own home. Yeah, that's what I would do. Your Rent is peanuts anyway. Peanuts. It's peanuts. And the caveat to all of this is any improvement we've made.


So in other words, if we wanted to put a mini split in, which is something we're working on, if we, we just put a fence in, for example, wouldn't Have done, you're adding, you're adding value to this house that you have no ownership in. Yeah, I wouldn't have done it. Exactly. So the the, the deal is that if, if mom has to come out of pocket for her 50%, she's making us whole for EveryDollar that we've spent, we have nothing contractual on that. It was just a verbal agreement. She just said that. Okay. Oh well it's nice if she does it, that's great If she does it. But I know lots of situations where parents like, I'll pay for that and then they don't end up paying. Yeah. Matt, I mean I think if this was a house you guys loved, it's in the family and they're giving you a great deal, I would just buy it outright, get everyone off the mortgage, get everyone off the deed of the h, like it it, you and your wife assume it as your house.


You pay the mortgage and, and you drive off into the sunset. But if this is not a house that you would not have bought, then I, if I were you and your wife, I would be looking to say, hey, where and now you can rent this. Yeah. As a renter. Yeah. For the period of time while you guys save up a good down payment, but no more Improvements For another house. But I wouldn't do any more improvements and I wouldn't try to like yeah. Piece mill this together because it gets complicated so fast and it's a much cleaner. I have a follow up question with that said, We will allow just 'cause you just 'cause you have a baby coming, we'll Allow. so I really appreciate the follow up here guys and your time. so what in a what if scenario, because this is more hypothetical, I can't speak for the aunt, but she is the one of the two that's more motivated to basically turn this into money to liquidate the the the home.


Yeah. What if she comes back and says, if that's your plan to rent, we would prefer to move forward with sale of it Such Gotcha. And creating a very different situation for Us. Then you and your wife would having To leave. Yep. Then Y'all would have to, so You move, so you move and you rent somewhere. It doesn't change everything that Rachel said. What Rachel said is spot on. It's just straight up wisdom she threw at you. You don't wanna live in this house long term. So, so don't even start entertaining the idea of whoa, what if, what if it's time to move on? Yeah. The only reason I would settle for a house that I would, that I don't really love is if you get a great deal on it. And there are some family situations where they're like, Hey, we'll give you, you know, we'll, we'll, we'll we'll sell the house for 75% of what it's worth and you get a good deal, you guys get in it.


Yeah. And financially it's smart. But if it's, if it's not apples to apples, you guys don't like it and they're not gonna give you a great deal. Yeah, I wouldn't Well you're not even getting the whole house. You're gonna have to share it with mom, which is weird. And Rachel address that. So mom actually doesn't live in house, Doesn't matter. And she She has Her own but the ownership, She owns it though. The ownership part. Gotcha. Yep. Matt, I gotta say something to you and I and I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you a pass 'cause you're, you're, you pulled over the side of the road and you got a baby on the way. But I'm not feeling like you're hearing what we're saying and I you called us and that's our opinion, but it feels to me like, Wanna do this. Why do you feel like that? Because you feel like he wants to do it. He's still, he's like, but what, what if Matt, What do you wanna do? What do you wanna do? What do you and your wife wanna do? So, so Ken it's a great point and and I've been told all my life that I'm hardheaded so I'll take that Feedback.


Appreciate that. No, but also I am, I am listening. I'm gonna take everything you guys say as gold. I promise you that I, you guys mean a lot to me. You've done a lot of good things in my life. I'm debt free, I've got some money in the bank. We feel good about our life situation. That's in large part due to Ramsey. Good for you and All you, So thank you. What I would say though, what I want to do is keep expenses extremely low and and to your point, yeah, I gotta make the best move, but I'm trying to keep my expenses super low so I can buy my next home in cash and we're about halfway there and I just projected out about 18 more months where I can get more cash flow and being able to do that. So that's kind of my other thing. And the other, the thing that, the thing that hangs in the balance is I just don't know where I'll be long term. So to purchase another home, if I get promoted again, for example, don don't know what that's gonna look like.


Moving again just seems like a tall order. Okay. Totally hear you. so I would sit down with aunt and mom, I would lay out the matte formula of which you have laid out. 'cause if you keep renting, we're not mad at that. But like you said, the the asterisk here is that aunt wants to get out and mom wants cash and they wanna sell and be done with it. Right. So that would, that that puts a, you know, a wrinkle in your plan. But then the other thing is too, Matt, if you guys are not gonna be somewhere five years or more, it wouldn't even be worth buying at that point. That's right. Even four years. That's right. I I wouldn't, I don't think that's a smart use of your money and time and energy and all of it. So do what's your, what's the, what's the, you know, the probability that you guys will move in the next four to five years?


Likely I would venture to guess 75% chance. Okay. So honestly, Matt, if I were you, I mean you have a new baby coming, which is like, adds to the stress, man. I'd go find a nice great house. I would rent three years and then you're gonna move I I'm a a hundred percent agreement. Like Go get a great house and rent it with your family and, and I appreciate that you're trying to save some cash flow by staying in this current house. Yeah. So if Auntie wants to kick you out, you're going crap. Now I got this super low rent and I gotta play more. But, but you, you don't, you don't sacrifice your long-term plans for a monthly number when you're getting paid well enough you can afford to rent.


You're a big boy. That's what we're trying to say. Yeah. And, and then if you get two years down the road and it looks like your job that no, you will be here full time. You guys will have a ton of money in the bank to go and put a big down payment on a house and alright, now have your roots planted Matt. We've done all we can do. You gotta get back on the road, get to the hospital. You got a child on the way for heaven's Sake. I not believe that. Unbelievable. Oh my goodness. God bless Your Wife. My goodness. God bless all of you. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being better reactive than we have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions. Ivermectin the life-saving Medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey for 15% off. That's promo code RAMSEY at urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show Rachel Cruz is with me. I'm Ken Coleman And. we are here for you to help you win with your money.


Speaking of which our colleague, Dr. John Delony and the EveryDollar team are doing a free live training Friday, September 27th at one Eastern 12 Central. So you can lunch and learn here. It's a free webinar, EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. And we've been doing these, we've been telling you about these throughout the last month or two. We're doing more of these as the Ramsey personalities jump in to help out. And so if you want more breathing room, you wanna learn how to spend money without anxiety and guilt, emotional awareness around your money. Dr. John Dilin is gonna be walking you through that with the EveryDollar team. So again, September 27th, one Eastern 12 central EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Alright, Ryan is gonna join us now in Orlando, Florida. Ryan, how can we help? Hey, how's it going? Thanks so much for taking my call. Sure. So my question, I'm 31, my wife's 28. We just got married about six months ago. I'm kind of a weirdo and I worked at my job in finance for the last 10 years at same company, but kind of getting to the point where I want to quit my job at the beginning of next year. So 20 two five. And we're seeing it's be a good opportunity to kind of take four to six months and maybe do something like move to Europe. You know, we've kind of lived like no one else who saved up a good bit over our lives. And so we have about 700,000 of net worth. No debt other than the house. We would probably sell the house if we did go out there for six months, but kind of wanting to have kids in the next one to three years.


And so this is kind of our, our main shop from a timing standpoint. So wondering if, if that makes sense from a a financial standpoint, What do you do for a living? I'm in finance. so I work at a Bank. And how much do you have saved beyond your emergency fund? Yeah, so we have about $90,000 of cash. About a hundred thousand in our brokerage, about two five in our retirement, about 2 75 in our home equity. And then about 35 and kind of other stuff. I'm ready to rule Jo. Rachel, I'm ready. What Was the, what was the first, what was the, the first number? I'm ready. I just kept thinking I want a man in finance, the trust fund blue eyes. so I like Is that Ryan?


Is he the guy the internet's been looking for? Yeah, sorry. Foot blue eyes. You know, I, I try to try to keep in in decent shape, you know, That's so funny. Okay, sorry I missed, so I missed the first number. I I picked up 150,000 in a brokerage account. What, did you have a number before that? Sorry. Yeah, we, we it's, it's 85 in cash. Okay. 85 in cash hundred in brokerage Account. Perfect. Okay. I just wanna make sure I got it. I say do it. Yep. I say do it because you can jump back in that industry. You've worked in that industry for 10 years. You can explain your gap. I think it's pretty stinking awesome and I think if I were in your particular situation, I'd absolutely say do this. I would say 'cause you're in financial ability to do it.


It's not risky at All. Yeah. You're not taking on debt. You're, I mean from a long-term financial standpoint, I mean pausing for six months, you're fine. I mean there's nothing, I think it's A great Move. I I my the house though is a question for me. Why would you guys wanna sell the house? I mean obviously 'cause you're not living there for six months and you'd be paying, you know, a mortgage and rent. But that's just for six months. I'd hate for you to Lose out on, well wait a second. How long is the Europe adventure? It would be, it'd be about six months. Oh Okay. I thought I heard something different. I felt it In. Yeah. and I think the reason heard house we're, we're thinking about maybe moving up in house. So it'd be like a good break to sell and I love everything about it man. It's great. Pocket the cash. You don't need the cash for the Europe adventure.


Correct. You're not gonna borrow from the No, no we don't. I like it. Quick follow up question. So my wife works in telehealth and she could work part-time there and kind of wants to work like three days a week. Yeah. Do you think that's smart or, or just go ahead and actually enjoy our time there and spend, you know, the full time. Oh, I'm weighing in on this one too Rachel. I think I would have her, I would live off of, I would, I would take, that would be the fun money. Yeah. I would try to live off as much like the Europe trip. Yeah. If she can do it and She wants to And she wants to. 'cause you're over there, you know, feet up in the air, you know, with your mid-morning juice and she's over there doing telehealth. don don't know how long that's gonna last when you're in Paris, but that's so true.


But if she's willing, Rachel's right? Yeah. She may want like a routine and she's thinking, okay, this isn't for three weeks, for six months we're gonna be somewhere. I kind of want a little bit of a routine and you know, That's spa money is way I'm looking at it. Rachel, I'd be allocating that on the, some dinners out on the budget. Yeah. Yeah. We thought to do it cost neutral so it wouldn't end up actually being anything out of pocket. Are you kidding me? If she's a great woman, if she'll do that, I Oh yeah. Oh yeah. She's a Great Jackpot. Yeah, you did. Yeah. Do it Ryan. That's awesome. Yeah. What countries, I gotta know, what countries are we looking at? You know, I think we would probably start off probably somewhere in Portugal. She really likes France and then we kind of just keep moving to the east, maybe Germany and Austria, then into this like Sylvania area.


My goodness. It's great. I feel like you might need a mentor couple, Stacey and I would be available. Alright. Alright. We'll keep guys out there. We, we would love to mentor you guys through that trip. That's really fun. Good for you. Hey, I, I love this Rachel. This is a great story here. 31 and 28 if I recall. He's 31, she's 28. And the fact that they can do this before baby And cat. Yeah. This is the spice of life. Well and this is, this Is great And this is well to the degree that we talk about, about living and giving like no one else, right? Yeah. When you have no payments Yeah. You have money in retirement that's gonna be growing. Yeah. Like you've set yourself up so early in life, I love this that you were able, you know what I mean?


To Yeah. To to say, hey I'm, this is the choice and what I wanna do. 'cause that's what money is. I mean out of all of that we talk about it's to have our job is to help you guys have a plan to have peace. Yeah. With your money in your life. Have a sense of peace and to allow money to be a tool to create a life that you love. Right. That that's what it is. It's not a scorecard, it's not a, yeah. Net, net worth. You know, this idea that my net worth is my self worth. It's not who I am is the number in my account. Like it's none of that. It is just paper there in a sense. Right. To use on your life to help your family enjoy life, help others enhance your life, all of that. Yeah. That's what it's here for. Yeah. And you guys are doing it well and in a wise way.


Yeah. I think years from now you guys will be still talking about this decision. Yeah, I think it's a great decision as a couple. I couldn't endorse it anymore. Fantastic. Let's go to Bryce now. Who's waiting on the line for us in Houston, Texas. Bryce, how can we help? Hello. I'm 21 years old and for the last three years I've been working in the oil field and I got laid off about two months ago. and I wanna do a career change and join the military to better my future. The only problem I'm having is I have a 2021 F-150 and I'm upside down on it and I don't want to repo it and ruin my credit because I'm trying to better my future, you know what I mean? For sure. How Much upside down?


About 10 to 15,000. So how much is the car? How much do you have left on it to pay? How much is left on the loan? So I owe, I owe, but I think it was last time, last month I checked it was 50 and some change. 50,000? Yes ma'am. And, and it's worth 35, is that what we're hearing? Yes sir. And Where'd you get that 35 number from? On? Like, on the website. So wherever like Kelly Blue book? I'm Yes, Yes ma'am. Okay. Okay. You got any cash? No, sir. And not a lot. And any job? Are you working at all? So like, like I said, I was laid off about two months ago and I'm, I've been joining the military.


I just got outta Mets yesterday actually. Okay, so when, when does all that start full gear? When did what start? I'm sorry. Military. Military. Yeah. When you start getting paid, Whenever I go to bootcamp, which will be pretty soon, I just, I gotta go to me back to MEPS one time for a job list and then I'll, I'll get my bootcamp date. Okay. And what, Whenever I start boot Camp. Okay. And that's pretty soon after, meaning like a week after or like a month after It? It could be a month. Okay. So it could be a month. so I mean honestly Bryce, I'd go wait tables, I'd go work nights, I'd go, I mean I would go do anything that you can just to earn some cash right now. I know that's not your long-term plan, but what I mean, the ideal situation would be to get as much cash as possible.


And even if you're still upside down, you know, three, $4,000 by the time bootcamp starts, you can take out a small loan for that difference and sell the truck and then you have $3,000 that you owe versus 50,000. But I would make it a goal to do as much as you can here in the next six weeks to earn, to earn extra income. And again, that can be through any means to be able to to, to get some cash. But that's what I would do. But yeah, if worse comes to worse, do not go down. Yeah. The repossession route. Don't, don't let it get repoed to any of that. Stay on top of your payments and If. you have to take a small loan out for the difference. Sell it, you know, be done with it and, and I'd rather have a smaller loan than a $50,000 loan on a truck.


Yeah, you wanna move this truck if you can't pay it off. Get that difference made up quickly. You wanna sell this thing quickly so that you have the least amount that you're gonna have to pay back. So get the highest value for this and then learn from this. All right. You don't need the big giant truck to be successful, to be who you are. So thanks for the call. Thanks for your service in signing up to serve our country. You're a great American. Alright, we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom. Either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves This fall, I want to challenge you. Become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first a month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


How are you doing out there? America? Thrilled to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleen Rachel. Cruz is with me and This is The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. We'd love to hear from you. We wanna coach you up today. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Danny is up next in West Palm Beach, Florida. Danny, how can we help today? Hi Rachel. Hi Ken. thank you so much for taking my call. I appreciate it. Absolutely. Well pretty much, I purchased my home in 2015 and it's an older home and now I feel like there's so many home improvements that I need to make, but don don't have the money.


and I was wondering if it would be a good idea to take a home equity or a HELOC loan to fix these things before they completely break down on me. So what kind of repairs are you needing to make on the house? Well, recently I noticed there was a spot in the ceiling that had moved and I'm assuming that water is getting into the attic somehow. so I need to fix my roof and so of my doors and windows. Doors and windows. Okay. Has someone, have you had a professional come out and look at the mold and look at the leak and look at the roof? Or is this your assessment of it all? This is my assessment.


I haven't done that yet. Okay. 'cause I'm, I'm afraid of what of my, I might fear. Yeah, yeah. so what I would do, Danny Yeah, is I would call, I would, I would probably get honestly two to three different people, companies service, you know, service companies out to get three different bids because I feel like sometimes in this industry, I don't know if you feel like this kin that it's like a, the dentist I feel like can go to one dentist and I like, oh you would need a root canal. And you go the other dentist, Everybody's got A different opinion. You need this. Yeah. So the, the opinion is going to equal money in this instance. So the more opinions you have, the more options you have. So Danny Facts are gonna be your friends, our friend Dr. John Delony always says that.


So in your head you just said, you know, I'm scared to do that 'cause I'm scared of, you know what this is gonna mean. But I, I wouldn't even go there right now emotionally. 'cause you don't even know you could get someone over there and they're like, oh yeah, there's this right here and this one little patch like our roof Danny, we had to do some work on ours and it was in one little, it was one area. That's right. And, and insurance covered it. So it was like, oh, okay. So it may not be as big of a deal as you think it is, but then if it is, then we have to make a game plan. So do you have like good home insurance and everything for some of the stuff, if it comes, if it comes back really damaged and, and you're able to possibly get some insurance money? Well, I have insurance. I pay for it that I know, but I don't know what it covers.


Okay. To be honest. Okay. So yeah, so I may call your insurance company and just, you know, double check your coverage and know what that is. And then I would get, again, two to three people and I would get reputable people. If there's, if there's other people in your neighborhood that have used someone that you know that they can recommend, I always find that's very helpful to find someone that's trustworthy. But again, get two to three different bids on these improvements and then from there make some assessments. So overall though, Danny, I would not go deeper into debt on this house. I would not take out an heloc, I would not take equity out to fix the stuff. I would figure out a way to cash flow it and prioritize it. So do you have any money saved at all?


I have my emergency fund. Okay. How much is that? 1000. A thousand dollars emergency. Okay, perfect. Are you working your way outta debt? Yes. Yes. I started listening to the Dave RAMSEY show about two years ago and I'm doing my best to be in a better place financially, but it's really hard. I do have two jobs and it's just, life has been really hard. Something always comes up and it kind of throws me off that budget. Absolutely. Well I'm proud of you for doing this. I mean, you've made, you've made great, you're making progress even though you feel like you're maybe two steps backwards. Right. Four steps forward or whatever it looks like. That is life, you know, during the baby steps, which can be difficult. But I would keep going Yeah.


On paying off this debt and then once you get some bids, Danny, if it is, if it is work that has to be done right, there are some cosmetic work that we would like new windows and doors, but That's right. They may be fine for another two years. Right. I mean like if you can put anything off, I would, I would just do the necessities, the bare bones and I would pause it at snowball, save up and pay for those repairs because that's part of your four walls. I mean that's food, shelter, utility, transportation, making sure that those things are covered. And again, get, I will say it again, get multiple bids. 'cause some people they just go get one roofer and they quote this insane amount. That's exactly right. And then you could had someone else, it's like, no, I could actually probably fix it for way less.


And they don't work for a big company and they do it on their own or whatever it looks like. Right. So get some options Danny. And if it causes you to pause it at snowball to fix these, then that's what I would do. Yeah. And, and you know, I, I've just had a little bit of experience on this and, and shockingly there are some dishonest contractors out there. That's true. Yeah. But even with honest ones, you know, they're coming in and there's an exchange for time, their time and, and your money and I, I think it's always great to get at least three quotes and I'll tell you why I like to Rachel when someone comes in and I go, well the last guy said this and this is what he said he would do. And what happens is, it just comes down to everybody's got their own opinion and everybody loves their opinion.


Yeah. And by contrasting, comparing And believe it's Right compar deep down. That's right. Right. You know, but you might have one guy go, well he told you too much. I I so I can beat that by a, I'm telling you can actually get a lower price and a little bit more honest thing by doing that and letting tell, tell everybody, each contractor what the other one said and what they do. Yeah. And that, and that's a, you'd Be surprised how that works. Totally. And what that does, Danny, what Ken just said is it puts you in the power seat. Yeah. I think sometimes when you enter into parts of life or for me that I don't, I'm not super knowledgeable on it can be intimidating. Right. Getting your car fixed or whatever that I'm like don don't, I don't even know if I know what they're really talking about. But the more that you have knowledge, understanding and other people's opinions, like you're saying you get to go in now with the power to say, oh no, but I learned this and this.


Well what about that? And have that question. So there's some learnings here. But again Danny, I wouldn't, I would only fix things that are absolutely needed in this time right now. As much as you can focus on that, that snowball and getting through that, that's gonna be so helpful when those payments are out, you're gonna have more margin to do more fixing in this house if that's what you wanna do. Alright, So Rachel, we're gonna go to a social media question and I feel like this one has got Rachel all over it. Oh, okay. so I've picked this one. This is from Valley Farmhouse. That sounds like somebody that would follow You. Sounds magical. Yeah, right. It feels like somebody who already follows you is my guest. It's a good question on Instagram. Okay. How do I budget for baby items and still tackle debt? I feel guilty not having a finished nursery.


Oh, Let's say you, That's that's a first time parent By Third kids. You're Like nursery. It's just another room. You, you Should still see my kids' Charles's room. He's four, almost five. And I'm like, you got a bed? You got a nice bed. We got him a nice bed. Besides that right. There's not really much going on in that room. No. The Yeah. Oh gosh. Yeah. The, the nursery. All that. I would not, I would not feel guilt about that. The baby's gonna be fine. And the truth is, the baby's in your room. I mean, I guess depending on how you do the newborn stage. Oh. But for at least six weeks usually. Really? Was it six weeks? No. Now some people it's years.


So we can't, don't be judgmental. We, We read. I, okay, you're right. I read a book, you know The book and I read it too. And. we Had the kids in the, in their bedrooms day one. Oh, Day one. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. No. Yeah. We weren't day one. I think it was six weeks. I was early though for some of my friends. Here's, Here's a, there's a young lady in the audience that looked at me like I'm a caveman. We did feed and clothe the child. Oh. my gosh, we did do that. I'm saying when it was nighttime, baby went to bed in the crib. And, we had a monitor. And we were up when we needed to be up, we didn't, you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. We didn't let it sleep outside. I was but sleeping in our room, this particular book and I don't wanna say it 'cause I'm not trying to endorse anything, but I'm saying I'll Say it 'cause we did it too.


My eight weeks, all three of our kids were sleeping eight hours. Ours were too. Y'all shout up sleep schedule. We're about to get, we're about to get Oh, we're about to get hate On on Ken is a caveman on YouTube. He is so insensitive. People Are gonna, they're gonna hate this advice. But I, I know I I'm not saying by the way, let me be clear. I'm not saying you're a bad parent if the kid sleeps in your room with you. I'm just saying I'm not casting judgment. No, I'm just saying. so what you did, so what you did Yeah. Is yes, you would have more of a, the baby, you have cri more of a furnished nursery. so what I was say a crib to her. Yeah. She's, you know what she's talking about the the curtains and the Pillows. Yeah. Yeah. All of it. Yeah. And while you're getting outta debt and you're having a baby and once they becomes Yeah.


That, that baby whatever age, you know or number it is in the family, it may not have the nicest stroller. It may not have the nicest gear 'cause you're gonna probably go cheap on it. Right. But you know, once you're outta debt and you have a fully funded emergency fund, you and you have another baby. Yeah. You get to have the nice stuff. 'cause you have the cash for it and it's great. The Baby's fine. I was born in the seventies. I slept in a tree the first four years. All right. So, you know, come on. I kid, I kid. Rachel Cruz. Always fun to be with you my friend. Thanks for hanging out and for you America, thank you for being with us. This is your show. This is The. Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into.


Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win. We help you win with your money. We help you win in your work. We help you win in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. We'd love to have you jump in. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Rachel Cruz, the incomparable Rachel Cruz is our money expert in the seat today and I'm thrilled to be with her.


I'm Ken Coleman. I'll be captaining the good ship financial piece today. I thought I'd try that out. Set sail captain. I couldn't even get it out without cracking. That's terribly cheesy. But hey, it's always fun and we're thrilled to be here with you. As I said, I'm gonna help you with your income, Rachel, help you with what we do with that money. So let's get it started. Kent is up first in Indianapolis. Kent. How can we help? Well, I'm trying to find a way to communicate with a 28-year-old nephew and get them to buy into the Ramsey way. About 20 years ago you guys sold a product for I think junior high kids. I got all four of my nephews that product for Christmas.


And all three of them are doing pretty well. One of them is gonna have his home paid for it before he's 40. Wow. Wow. But this one nephew, he's got, he's got a good job. He's not in debt, but he's wanting to buy him a $60,000 new car. He's paying $2,500 in rent. He's got, I, I'd like to find a way for him to go through and decide what our really needs versus wants, but it's hard to get through to him. You know, he's, he's, he's not in debt, but he just, I don't think is, he's got a lot of wants that he pays for every month that he just maybe, I don't know, I think it's kind of not necessary items, but it's hard to get through to any, you know, homes interest rates are too high or the home prices have gone up too much.


I tried to explain to him, you know, we went through similar things in the eighties, but I just can't seem to make headway with him. I I tried to give him one year I was gonna match him dollar for dollar and gift him some money to put into a, he could only come up with one or $2,000 and well, Income is he, he's 28, number one he got for income, he's 28, number one. And number two, he's your nephew. So he is not even your son. So you know, this kind of Right. It feels like for you something that you're trying whether, and again, you're not doing anything wrong. I just think it's, I think you're putting too much pressure on yourself to try to, you know, get through to him. Well, you know, well know. Part of that is I never had kids, so I'm pretty close to my nephews.


Got it. And I'm just trying, I've seen from example, you know, living debt free. Right. I mean, it it sets you free at some point. Sure. Yeah. And, And he is not currently using debt to fund this lifestyle, is that right? He's just using his No, his money in your way in a, in a wasteful way in your opinion. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. so I exactly, I'd, I'd like him to come across something and, and say, Hey, maybe I, if I did this differently, I could do this or that. But don don't want preach too much to him. But at the same time, I want him to kind of realize on his own, Okay, there's the key phrase, all right. He's gotta realize on his own, this is the first time in this call where you got outside of this self-imposed pressure to get through to your nephew.


'cause you're such a good dude, okay. You're the, your, your uncle of the year, Kent. But he's gotta realize this on his own. The other two, for whatever reason they got it, he hasn't picked up on it. so I would liken this to a parent raising multiple children and some are gonna get it quicker than others. Some you might have a prodigal or whatever. In this case, I wouldn't qualify this nephew as a prodigal, but what I would tell you is I would give him the Total Money Makeover George Campbell's book. In fact, if you don't have George's book, I'll give that to you. I just think it's such a fabulous book and give it to him and, and, and then let it go. And, and he knows what you believe you've told him over and over and over again. Oh yeah.


He knows. and I seen. Right. So here's my point, when he gets to a point where he has realized some money, pain, there's a good chance he's calling you. True or false? Not probably. I think that's all you can do. Right. So do you have a different take on that? Yeah. and I would be, you know, Kent, how old are you? I'm 66. Okay, so you're 66. He's 28. so what he spends his money on. Mm. And again, he's not using debts. Right. So he's not, I mean no, in a way you can say he not using debt. Yeah. So you, you, you, for you, you think that's so, that's so silly. That's so stupid. Why would he spend his money on that? But the truth is too. People value different things in life and what, you know, Winston and I spend on a weekend away.


That's true. People may be like, that is so stupid. What a waste of money. but it is. I bought a Tesla, my dad couldn't believe that I bought an electric car, and he thinks it's the stupidest thing ever. and I understand, but I, but I want a Tesla. Like I don't care what the 60-year-old guy, you know, even though I love my dad and respect him, but like, I, I, you know, I wanted, I'm not, I'm not living for him or what's he like? Its pretty cool. She parks it next to me. It's pretty cool. And I Park next to him too, which is funny. That Is funny. Yeah. Spent, I charge next to His, I spent when I was younger. Yeah. I, I spent stuff on, on stuff. My parents, you know, nice trips and things, but I also Al, you know, I did that outside of, you know, I would always, yeah. But Ken Ken, you are different than him.


And you keep coming back to, and I did this, I Did that. and I think too, he's gonna learn Kent, because even for me, right. I didn't go into debt. I was budgeting all of it, but I, I mean, part of my financial struggle, it was the comparison game. It was accumulating. I'm a spender. I love, I enjoy spending money. So like, I had to get to a point in my life where I, where I finally just realized, Rachel, what is the motivation in all of this? What, and I had to like, learn all of that, right. And so people's journey, even with money, is gonna look different. And the lessons they're gonna learn are different. And, and, and, you know what I mean? And that's, and that's, Well, I'll try for him, I'll try that approach and see what happens. Yeah. Ken, I would just, I would just be there for him.


Be a friend, be an uncle. That, that you don't have to teach him everything. And, and, and the fact he's a 28-year-old man, and the most beautiful relationships are those that were in authority in your life and they end up kind of becoming peers with you. Yeah. You actually respect those people a lot more. I mean, you know, mom and dad, I laugh all the time. I'm like, they're not perfect. People love them, but one thing they've done so well is they treat us like adults. Like they're no longer preaching or telling us what we should and shouldn't be doing. Right. They don't do that. They just are like, how's life? how are you doing? Mm. And it's a relationship at that point, right? So, so you may actually be turning da, you know, turning off the relationship by continuing to teach and preach. He probably singing Uncle Kent.


Lemme live. I'm, I'm okay. You know? Yeah. I think it's, I do the soft. so I don't see, I see him only three or four times a year. And it's, you know, it's, I I don't go overboard, but Sure. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Just like to find some way that he could decide on his own. Yeah. and I think one of the best ways to help people get there, for them to realize on their own is asking questions. And there's an interest. Yeah. There would be an interesting exercise for you in the next conversation with money, is you don't tell him anything what to do. You ask questions. That's great. You'd be like, okay, so what are you doing with there? How, how was that? And, you know, I think that's incredible advice. I'll try that approach. Yeah. Because what happens is, is now now you're entering into a conversation.


Yeah. By handing him the ball. You're asking, you're not making a statement. And I, I'd give him a few resources, hang on, on line. I think Breaking Free from Broke is a, is a fun book. Yeah. From George is just kind of a, Hey, I listen to this show. That's a young guy. Yeah. He's got a great YouTube channel, you Know, but I appreciate, keep it simple. Appreciate and I appreciate your heart. I really do. I mean, yeah. The fact that 20 years ago you gave them as students, you know, foundations and personal finance. Yeah. And you, you know what I mean? Like, you, you've done Uncle Of the Year and honestly the fact he's 28 and isn't in debt, that's a win for our world today. Yeah, that's a great point. I'm like, that's amazing. Yeah. Take a victory lot. It's amazing You've done. Yeah. Yeah. You've, you love, you have loved your nephews really well. and I and I Bet A lot of people wish they had an Uncle Kent in their life.


so I appreciate you. Yeah. Helping out. It's so fun. thank you for the call. What a great heart. Good, good stuff. Great advice, Rachel. That's really good. Alright. Quick break. We gotta pay some bills. You know, I mean, This is The, Ramsey, Show. We're on time and we'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft, and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey, it's Dr. John Delony. Look, when you're stressed about money, it makes everything feel out of control. You run around like a maniac trying to make sure everything's covered. Everybody's okay. I've been there. It's the worst. But you can flip the script with an EveryDollar budget. It helps you track spending and expenses in real time. So you always know what's happening with your money. Talk about a weight lifted off your shoulders, start feeling in control of your money again. Download the EveryDollar app today for free.


Thrilled to have you with us here on The. Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is with me. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. We'd love to coach you up taking your calls about your money, your income. That's a work related situation from time to time, obviously. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Long Island is where Lisa is waiting for us. Lisa, how can we help today? Hi Rachel and Ken. Thanks so much for taking my call. You Bet. What's Up? My husband is not eligible for life insurance. We've been denied many times due to health issues in the past. And my question for you is we're gonna be debt free except for our mortgage at the end of this year.


Wow. great job. And I wanna know. thank you. I wanna know if I should be taking that money that we were putting towards our debt and putting it into our outstanding mortgage, or if I should just be stocking it away and making like a huge emergency fund. What's your emergency fund now? Is it more on the six month side? Well, right now we just have the thousand dollar emergency fund. Oh, I'm sorry. That's right because you're, yeah. Oh, you're working away On debt. So, so Lisa, is this the way you asked that question, is this basically, you're saying because your husband can't get life insurance, should we have a massive savings account or should we pay off the home? Is that what you're essentially asking? Yes. Yeah. The home, the, the home has got greater value than that savings account.


Just because of where you're at right now, what is the house worth right now? It's probably worth about four 50 And. we owe about 1 95 5 on it. Yeah. Do you, do you agree with that, Rachel? Yeah, for sure. I mean, I would, when we say baby step three, it's three to six months of expenses and I for you. I would definitely lean on the six month side. Okay. so I would have a six month emergency fund, not the three month on that end of the spectrum. Okay. And with his health condition, Lisa, is he, are you guys on ongoing, you know, medical treatments, is there a diagnosis? Is there, is there something that's could be happening in the near future to him and his health? Or is it, is it just He he does not currently have ongoing issues?


No, but I have seen, you know, changes in him. He works a lot. Okay. And he's, I could see him kind of deteriorating. Why did he not qualify? If you mind, if you don't mind asking, I mean, if you don't mind me asking. Yeah, that's okay. When he was 29, we were, we were still dating actually, and he needed bypass surgery. Ah, Okay. Yep. So, So they're just kind of holding him. Have you tried, we're not fans of whole life, but sometimes whole life is more, has a bigger span of what they accept than term life. Term life can be sometimes more narrow, I guess you could say health wise.


Yeah. Have you guys applied for preexisting stuff? Yeah. Have you, have you applied for whole life by chance? I did inquire about the, because he recently just turned 50. Yeah. so I went through like the colonial pen, you know, you see the ads, I'm like, oh, he's 50 I can get life insurance. Yeah. And it was just outrageous. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. What is Your, what's Your outrageously price? I'm like, I'd rather put that in my savings account. Yeah. What's your combined income? He makes, he brings home about 88 a year and I'm around 24. Okay. And do you guys have kids? I have, we have a 10-year-old and a 14-year-old. Okay. Okay.


So I'm kind of like, I, I stayed home for five years and then my little one went to kindergarten. I started going back to work and then Covid hit and then I took a hiatus. And so I, I've kind of been floating between part-time jobs. Okay. so I have a part-time job during the week. And then I walk dogs and dog sit as my like side hustle. Okay. Okay. Yeah, because the reason for life insurance, and for those of you listening and watching it is, you know, in case something happens to you that your income can be replaced if people are dependent upon it. So in the off chance, Lisa, obviously we would never pray for this, but if something happened to him, you know, in a, in a perfect world here in the next couple of months, you know, you would have six month emergency funds.


You guys would be paying down on the house after that, after putting some money away in retirement. And at that case, yeah. I mean if there's a level that he just doesn't qualify, then there's, there's no other option but to continue to put yourself in the best financial position. And that would be, in my opinion, to con to be paying down on the house. I would be putting money away for retirement. Do you guys have retirement saved at all? Yes. I have a traditional 401k that was a rollover. Okay. And that's got like about one 20 in it. Okay. And does he have any And? we have two small, like very small Roth Okay. Accounts that we are, you know, have good intentions, but Sure.


Yeah. so what I would do is after that six month emergency fund, I would, I would go down the baby steps and fund that 15% of your income into retirement. That's right. You both need to be doing that. And then, yep. And then you're kids, all of That because you're young enough, you know, Lisa, you're young enough that, that if you know, Lord willing, his health, you know, and he, he lives quite a bit longer. I mean, and then if something were to happen with that initial investment you've got going on, you can make up some real ground. But the, the reason why we really want you to pay the house off is let, let's, let's, since you took us there, and it's a good question, let's stay there for a moment. Let's say that you pay the house off in the next two or three, four or five years. Is that about what that would take? Did I get that right or is it more than that?


Well, if we take what we're putting towards the debt right now, I calculated it, it would knock like five years, eight months off of it. So it would be about six years. Okay. So let's just say that six years from now, the home is paid off and you've been investing as Rachel's been telling, been telling you to do and something happens to him. While you don't have a huge insurance policy, what you have is a paid for home. and I, just imagine being on your own with the kiddos right now and not having a house payment. You just, you just, I know you just have to, you know, that's a lot of peace, is it not? Absolutely. Yeah. And so the idea of, because if you were to call us six years from now and we'd want you to pay off the house with all that cash that you would've Stocked away.


That's right. That's right. And so I just wanna, I want to give you kind of that, that full view of what we're saying here because at this point now, the most important thing in your life is your home. Especially when you know you've got kiddos. And, and so in that situation, you are in some ways self-insured. 'cause you can always downsize and sell the home. Yes. And get a chunk of cash. So just, that's why we're saying go for the house. Okay. And live wide open praying that you know, he's gonna be okay. 'cause we don't know what tomorrow holds and it's not gonna be paid off tomorrow anyway. And you're not gonna have a bunch of cash tomorrow anyway either. So really go that direction. That's why we're telling you that that's gonna put you in the best place of peace, which is what insurance is about anyway.


Is peace. I agree. thank you so much. Yeah, you bet. Appreciate you sharing that story with us. That's, And Lisa, I would check out Xandr Insurance as well. Yeah, you can go to xandr.com and just, you know, look around. 'cause they are an insurance broker where they'll go and shop multiple companies and not just one. 'cause if the one you mentioned, you call one number for one company, you're gonna get just one answer where they actually do, and again, he may not qualify at all because of all the pre-existing conditions, but it, it's worth a shot. One more time just here for the next few years, but yep. Maybe check them out. Alright, Let's go to another social media question. You ready? You did so well on the last one. I thought she needs some more. Put me in the hot Seat. This is Riley from Facebook.


Thoughts on giving your adult children money toward a down payment on their house? Ooh, yeah. I'm picking the good ones today. This Is a good one. What do you think? I'll wait for you. Okay. I have, okay, I do have thoughts on this because initially lady In the front row says no. Okay. Okay. Initially pe people are that, they're like absolutely not. Nope. They need to work for it, work for it, work for it. What's interesting, Ken, we talked to so many people recently that have called this show that are young. I mean, they're 28 and they're paying off their house. Like, they're like, they're doing crazy good stuff. Like with right, with their money, they're gonna build wealth really quickly. And so by the time that that 28-year-old that calls us that doesn't have a mortgage payment, by the time they're in their fifties and their kids are buying houses, they're gonna have multi-millions of dollars.


Right. And there's a point that changing your family tree, is it not enabling, but is there a financial benefit to saying, Hey kids, we can fast forward. I agree 100% your financial picture. So that what if we help you and then they become 28 and debt free. That's, they start investing, they change their kid and the line keeps changing. Right. And the stipulation to this is, and I agree, you have to have the margin to do so. Yes. You are not borrowing from your baby steps. That's right. You aren't borrowing from your Progress. And it's not an enabling, it's gotta be extra. You have to know your kids that That's right. And they still have to have the dignity to be adults and to stand on their own and know how to work. That's right. But you know, we are talking to Dr. Arthur Brooks from Harvard.


He's a Harvard professor and he talked about having this and he said, you know, one of the, the benefits of this is to be able to pour into your kids financially within assets. And that's education that's home. Like if you can do that, fast forward the timeline for them. They start building wealth earlier to help their kid. It's just the trickle down effect. don don't know. I I'm not, I'm not fully against it on those two spec on those two. Good. Gotta run Those Two speculations Gotta run. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half-baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Excited to have you with us. I'm Ken Coleman and the graceful Rachel Cruz is alongside today. Yeah, I know. I'm trying to look for another adjective, so how about that? I'll take graceful. You'll take it. Thanks Ken. All right. Very nice. Hey,


today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Politicians make a lot of promises and sometimes they might even keep one or two, but if you're in over your head with private student loans, don't rely on the government Contact Why Refi Why Refi refinances, defaulted private student loans and gives you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All right. Today's question comes from Elizabeth In Missouri, we have two elementary school age kids, five and seven. We budget for the kids to buy school for to buy school lunch once a week. The school is cashless. So we add money to an account to be used for the kids to scan their ID card and the lunch line, in addition to the regular lunch, the school sells snacks at checkout. We have told the kids that they can get lunch, but would have to pay us back from their piggy bank money for any extra treats that they buy. Initially, we thought this would be a good intro in teaching them about money management, but then realized that it's more like buying on a credit card than paying mom and dad back later. Are we teaching them that credit is okay with this plan in the cashless system where there's no tangible money to be exchanged?


How else can we teach young kids about money management? Oh, that's funny. No, I don't think that's teaching them about debt. I'm like, they're buying As long as the pain comes from the piggy bank, they're learning. Yes. Yes. And and the reality is too, you know, you're teaching them about money management in 2024. I mean, there's a lot of Yeah, That's a good point. Yeah. Cashless, you know, vendors and retailers that it is what it is. So, so what are you, what are you gonna do with that, with your debit card and all? So, so I. Yeah, that doesn't, yeah, that doesn't bother me. That's great. I think this is great actually because treats at school is ground zero for kids learning to kind of be content. Yeah. You are the queen of contentment over there.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you think about it. That's where their greatest temptation I Know to is. Oh, my kids buy it by at school. Oh yeah. Do you have A story? Yeah. I, this felt, well, this just felt close to home because we're, our school's the exact same way. And there's an app of course, that you go and you can load and use Apple Pay to load the money back in the school lunches, all of it. And it turned, I didn't know this, this is back when my oldest was, this was a few years ago when I didn't know how everything works. And one of my friends was like, you know, you can go back and look and see what all they bought. and I was like, what? No. And sure enough Tracking little Amelia spending, Are you in? Sure. Sure enough. There were treats upon treats upon treats and I Was like, sweet Girls and I.


I know. I just said, Amelia. She was like, well, some of my friends wanted some, she was buying stuff for other kids. and I was like, no, no. So the teachers are great. 'cause when they're little like that, like first second grade, you can email them and even tell the teacher, Hey, they're only allowed Yeah. A treat on Fridays. Yeah. And they kind of help, you know? Yeah. Manage it. But some of these kids, it wasn't always just Amelia, but some of these kids are bartering and, Hey, you pay me that and I'll get you. I mean, they, they figure out how to work the system, those little ones. It's like an open air market overseas. It's know, It's amazing. Yeah. I don like It so I like it. She wasn't buying treats for little Johnny, was she? Do I? Who's little? Johnny? I don't know. I'm making it up. Oh, okay. Don don't know. I don't think so. All right. Very good. That'd be Carol. I'm probably, let's be honest.


I love it. I love it. All right, let's go to Davenport, Iowa, where Daniel is. Daniel, how can we help today? Hey Ken. Hey Rachel. how are you doing today? Good. What's going on? So I'm wondering if I should stay with my current employer or if I should start looking for a different job. Tell me more. I gotta know more. Should we stay or should we go is the question. So, So I am a husband and a father. I got three little girls and I got another one due in about four and a half weeks. Oh Wow. Congratulations. Thank you all girls. Oof. I'll pray for you. Oh, God bless you. Yeah, Lots of prayers right now.


So my current employer, I told them that my family's growing and what I'm making there just currently isn't cutting it. and I just being professional, informed them I'm a trucker. so I informed them. I'm getting my hazardous materials endorsement to get a job that pays me more money. A job where I can be home daily so I can be with my girls every night. Great. This, they had no problem with that. They understood. And, but then they asked me to wait about a couple days to a week later saying that there could be a significant raise coming down the pipe because they did some third party research in our area and find out that their salary is pretty bottom of the barrel.


Okay. So that was about four months, months ago. And I've been kind of politely pestering them and they, there has been no raise this far and every time I ask about it, they just say, 'cause it has to get shot up to corporate. And they said that corporate has not given them an answer thus far. Yeah. So you're being stonewalled. The, the, so this was four months ago that they told you hang out for about four days or a week. so I love the fact that you have taken this into your own hands and getting that extra licensing. So when are you eligible to step into that role or driving those hazardous materials, which gets you the big raise and a better schedule?


Well, I've done, you have to get like fingerprint all this stuff through like the federal government and everything, and I've done all that. I literally just have to go to the DMV and take the test. I've taken the test twice, but it's a very hard test and I missed it by four questions last time. so I just passed the test, get the endorsement and I can walk onto these jobs. Let's Go. But do not quit yet. We got a baby on the way. Three girls at home. A lot of responsibilities do not leave this current employer until we have the other gig lined up. That's my clear cut advice on that. So let's go. Is there, stop waiting is there for this current company, my friend Daniel, the current company, they're not going to call you back.


It's, it's, I remember in high school, you know, like I'd have some buddies that I, I always got the quick clue, Rachel, but I had some buddies who would ask a girl out about three or four times after the second. No, it's time to move on. You know, and, and they're not answering your question. They're kicking it up to corporate and I'm not even sure they're talking to anybody in corporate. So the sign is on the wall is what I'm getting at. It's time for you to take the next test. Let's get this thing done and let's move on. Okay. Now I'm only allowed one question, correct? No, I'm, go ahead. When I say will allowed I'm being a, well I, I I, I took this, oh, this just takes care of my immediate, but I actually took your get clear assessment.


Okay, great. And so I just kind of wanted some guidance on that. Sure. I'll just tell you my purpose statement. I got it memorized. Okay. But I was created to use my talents of, and I thought I had it memorized my talents of communication, instruction, and imagination. Okay. To perform my passions of leadership advising and performing to fulfill my mission of service by providing assistance and security. Gotcha. So what's coming off there for me is that's a lot of people work people and ideas, right? Yeah. So when it's, when it's, there's some creativity in that, but mostly all of those answers were driving at.


You're good at people stuff and you enjoy people work. Correct? Correct. Yeah. All right. So at that point now, I mean, you, you, you, if you don't have the book, find the work you're wired to do. I'm gonna give it to you. Do you have the book? 'cause you need, you need some more coaching. I've actually currently have it checked out from the library. Oh wow. Fantastic. I'm gonna give it to you for free Today and, and, and from paycheck to purpose. So Great. I'll give you both for free today. Christian, let's get this guy hooked up here in just a minute. We'll give you both a free, but here's what you've gotta do. What you've gotta do is take that purpose statement and you now look at that as a job description. Okay? Okay. 'cause it's all laid out for you. So now you go, okay, if this is a job description for me, then where in my area, where in the world of work where I live are jobs open that allow me to do this?


It's that simple. So you're not sitting around scratching your head, what am I supposed to do? So it's, it's, you are gonna be doing people work. You talked about the imagination piece, the instruction piece. So that is a communicative. You have the communication instruction and imagination. That is you are going to be working with people, training them. The leadership thing popped up there, the advising thing popped up. So, you know, guide, instructor, coach, that's the type of thing you're looking for. but it may take some time to get into that. so I really like the path that we're on. Let's move into the hazardous materials right now. As soon as we can bump up that salary new baby, let's get everything stable there.


And then let's take the steps next to go into that work that you were absolutely wired to do. Hang on the line, Daniel, you're a good man. You've already got your sign, your current company, they're not gonna bring the race. Let's move on, hang on the line. We'll get you those two books and I'll coach you through via the book. Alright, quick break. She's Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


If you own a small business and you like The, Ramsey, Show, then you're going to love the Entree Leadership podcast. Almost 200,000 listeners. Tune in every Monday to hear me take calls from real business leaders and give tactical advice based on my 30 years of experience leading. This is not a podcast about business theory. It's real insight from a practitioner who actually does this stuff. Find it anywhere you listen to podcasts, or if you're listening on YouTube or podcast now, just click the link in the description.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz is joining me right now for you, AAA eight two five five two two five is The phone


number. So if you've been paying attention to the news, and I, I imagine most of you have, you're seeing that the real estate market, you're, you're paying attention to that. Like, oh, mortgage rates are coming down off of some, some highs over the last several years. Still probably some move to some room to go. But the point is, don't sit around waiting, waiting, waiting. If you've got the money and you're ready to go, the Ramsey trusted program is the only way to find an agent that you can trust to keep you on track with what we teach here at RAMSEY and get the best offer on your house or find the right house for you. These Ramsey trusted agents of yours have experience, will help you make wise decisions. Find a RAMSEY trusted real estate agent for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or your favorite podcast app. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


Erie Pennsylvania is where Susan is joining us. Susan, how can we help today? Hi Rachel. Hi Ken. thank you for taking my call. My husband and I are on baby step seven and I'm calling today to get your advice on the type of loan type to apply for, to cover the startup expenses for my brick and mortar takeout business. Tell me more about these expenses. The expenses would be about 250,000, which would cover the kitchen set up plus the contracting to actually make this happen and the, you know, food and things necessary to actually get going.


So it's takeout only not Dine-in. Yes, Sir. You got it. Takeout only. Have you been doing this like via your house right now with like a startup kitchen and then you're wanting to move or what's the, what's been your history in this? So my history is just that I've been cooking my whole life, but no, I have not done this professionally. What kind of food? So it's gonna be, we're gonna specialize in smoked meats plus a couple like great family recipes that I've had for, you know, 40 years and kind of just whatever I feel like making. Have You ever sold any of this amazing stuff? I mean, just even on Facebook. I Facebook sir. Yeah, tell us, tell us Rachel's onto something here and I agree with her.


What have you sold? Like how much and, and what, give us an idea As far as quantity or far As, yeah, like, no, I mean, how are you sold? How much, how much Of you need are, is it on Facebook? Are you selling $500 worth in a year? 20,000? What are you That's what we're trying to get a picture of Right now. I'm selling maybe $500 a year. Yeah. You're not ready to launch into a business, whether it's in your backyard or like, you've gotta prove that this thing can actually make money. We know you can cook so I, Right? And so I have done, I mean, I I know that this will make money. No, you don't.


It's through, through my business plan, which, 'cause I've read Christie Wright's book, business boutique, my business plan and my market research have confirmed my But you, I love Christie Wright and I love that book. But if Christie were sitting here with us right now, I'm fairly certain she, she would Say, be cooking outta your garage. You've gotta start cooking and selling in your home. That's how we prove it. Everything else is on paper. and I, love your moxie and please, Susan, I am not in any way trying to discourage you. We just don't want you to go get a loan For $250,000, Susan, For something you've not proven.


And restaurants are the number one small businesses that close. Yeah, the number one High, high risk, low margin, high Risk. Yes. I mean, food is one of the, I mean, honestly, one of the worst industries in a sense to get get into. Yeah. But if you're, if you're just looking at numbers from an industry standpoint, so I, so what I would do, so I, so I agree with you both. so I would, so I what I would do, Susan, if I were you, I would not take out this loan and I would start to cashflow this business. Meaning I would get up and I would be selling, you know, eight to $10,000 worth out of my kitchen. Which then, you know, you're able to go and then buy some equipment for the garage. Start cooking out of there.


Start, I mean start making your way little by little to the point that you guys are flooded with cash, flooded with customers. You keep turning people away and then you start moving up. But you're going from from point A to point, you know, Z is what it feels like. I mean, you're going all, you're going all the way in. Yeah. From a location standpoint, yes', I'm going Okay. But it's not but It, I'm Going, it is and I, but it All the way and I own my brick and mortar. I own the LLC. You own the, you own the, you own the building. Yes ma'am. Yeah, but, But you need $250,000. I do for, to purchase the equipment.


Susan, I love your spunk, but a minute ago you said, I agree with you both, but it doesn't sound like you agree with this. so I, so so where, where are we off here? You still think you need a $250,000 loan? Yes. Okay. We don't think you need it. You've gotta prove it. You haven't proven this, you haven't even sold, you haven't even lined up catering contracts that within several thousand dollars to where you're delivering brisket for a local small business annual dinner with 250 people. That's right. Like, I gotta prove that before I would ever go this route. Well that's correct, but that's not, my vision isn't a restaurant and my vision isn't catering.


I know that and I'm fulfilling a need. No, but what, no, you're not, we don't know if there's a need yet. You haven't proven that there's a need for your food. I think your food's probably great. What I'm telling you is by coming are you Having to turn down customers right now? No. No. She Doesn't have any customers. And I'm not trying to talk into catering. I was making an example of this is how we make money with your food And. we gotta prove that first. Yeah. And you're, and you're cooking in bulk, you're cooking in all of this to, to do the takeout and all of it. so I would be doing takeout dinners, Susan from your house right now. and I would getting a Facebook group. There's a girl, there's a, there's a mom in our school and she's, she bakes and she has a, she has four refrigerators stocked in her garage and every Friday there's a sale and she's like, whatever.


I don't sell you. I mean, and she has an Instagram account, Susan, with thousands of followers. I mean these and people that do want birthday cakes, they come to her all of this, right? So like she's proven out, out of her home. That's right. Without a loan to do all of this. And as this starts cash flowing, then she's able to step up and say, okay, now I'm gonna extend and I'm gonna go share a space with someone. Right Her it's, it's moving at the speed of cash Susan. And that's what we're cautioning you with is that the idea may be perfect. I mean moms that you know, need food to go like yes all day, right? But I want, I wanna see the list of, of of people that are gonna be buying from you. I wanna see, you know, your social media account, your email list, like start building out this business so that when you do open up at the brick and mortar, you have the cash and you have the clientele that's gonna be rushing to be able to cash flow and keep your business afloat.


Does that sense Susan? It does make sense. Does Susan, Have you ever watched, have you ever watched Shark Tank? Yes. Okay, so it's, 'cause I don't want Rachel and I to seem like bad guys here, but if you've ever watched Shark Tank, this would be like you standing in front of them going, I need a $250,000 investment. 'cause that's essentially what this is, is a loan and you're gonna invest in yourself and that's a 250,000 loan. If you were standing in front of the sharks right now and said, I'm looking for a $250,000 investment and they walked you through, okay, well what's, what's your annual revenue? What have you sold? And you said $500, what do you think they'd say to you? They would laugh at Me. Okay, we're not laughing at you. We're, we're gently saying please don't do this.


You are spending, here's what you asked us. Should I spend $250,000 to make $500? 'cause that's all you've made at this point. We don't have it yet. Please listen. Know what Rachel's saying. I promise you it's the safest way to go if you believe in yourself this much. Here's what I'd say. Do you think you can make a hundred thousand dollars your first year? I venture to say Susan, you'd probably say yes. Alright, so then let's go at it for two and a half years on your own and then buy your, your super fancy pants equipment. 'cause you already own the brick and mortar. You're halfway there. So be patient. Yeah, be Patient or rent equipment. See if there's a business going out. Right. Like find, find creative waves. 'cause the hard thing is not Yet, I don't want her spending any money other than what she has in her home.


I'm with you on that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. What I mean No that's fair. I know but but find creative ways. Can we get 50 families? Yes. There Go to commit to X amount of dollars to order her takeout dinners. Yep, That's right. For Six months. We gotta start to prove it on a simple level. Level. Totally. Totally. 'cause I don't wanna get the call Susan a year from now and say I have $150,000 loan, I gotta pay back 'cause something didn't work. Right. That's the risk you take on when you take on debt. And Christie's book would say, do not take on debt. We should have phoned a friend. I Should have called Christie. I know. We'll tell her we'll call her on the break. She agrees with us. Hey, good. Good call. Thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.