
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony RAMSEY, personality host of The Dr.


John Delony Show. And number one bestselling author. He's my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Heather's in Fairfax, Virginia. Hi Heather. How are you? Hi. Good, thank you. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, I'm just wondering if there is any way or hope to get an 18 year old to budget when they are surrounded by wealth and not limited by regular constraints. They have no debt. They're not paying for college. They're not paying for cars. Who, who's 18-year-old? My 18-year-old.


You just, so you put some givens in there of which you control all of them. I don't. Oh, Oh, okay. Her family, her the in-laws will give her money whenever she asks the, she knows this. So she, and she's also, we homeschooled her and she was taught very good values about money and morals, but then in high school we allowed her to go into a high school, a brick and mortar where people will drive a different part of school every day just to show off their wealth. And that's what she's been surrounded by for four years. And so she does not, she thinks everybody should get their own car. She thinks everybody no 18-year-old needs to budget and she's off to college next year and, and we're trying to, so Who pays for college?


Well, her father will pay for it. There. There's, Are her father married to you? Yes. Okay. So we will pay for her college. Yes. Okay. And yeah, So we can't really say, if you don't do this, then we won't pay for college. Why? She knows that. She knows he will pay for the college. Oh, how, How are you? You Don't have a daughter problem. You have a husband problem. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm, yeah. Yeah. But So lemme put it this way. She's acting like an 18-year-old and I don't, I wouldn't begrudge her a second. 'cause she's acting exactly developmentally appropriate. Dave just nailed it. You have a husband problem And it's his parents that are the TRPs, right?


Yeah. Yeah. So he needs to tell his mom and dad, stop it. You're screwing up my kid and he needs to stop screwing up his kid. Yeah, I think so. No, you don't. Yeah. Why are you hesitant? I do. I, well, I, because I've been against it for many years, asking to limit the money and to allow me to know what money is going to her so that we can at least put it in account. And we know what money is flowing to her, So we know what money is coming out and how she's spending it. We can discuss with her her decisions. And your husband will not participate with you in parenting? No. He thinks that, oh, you know, she's old enough. You have to give her, you know, she's 18, she's an adult.


You have to let her make her mistakes. And, and Not with my money. I don't. Right. Lemme just say this, after working with eight, Oh, she's doing heroin. Let's make sure we fund that. Yeah. Lemme tell you, after working with 18 year olds for two decades plus an un, an a never ending checking account is a recipe for a disaster. I'm just telling you right now, prep yourself. Be prepared to wake up at 2:00 AM with a phone call from a dean of students to some college because it's coming. Well, and that's how I, I was raised. I did not have an, i i was poor. Okay. So I'm not from this. And, and I tell that to my husband, he says, well, I had never ending checking account until I got, you know, out of law school.


And then I started paying for my own stuff and I turned out just fine. So it Them, I would question that to conclusions. Yeah, exactly. Yes. And maybe, and, and I, I, I don't think being poor is the answer either. I think that educational message, the only thing I can tell you to do in this situation, obviously your husband doesn't care what you think. And so you've got a marriage challenge. And the only thing I can possibly see here is you take your daughter out and start right now and start a weekly, we're going to breakfast just mom and daughter until she graduates and leaves your house. And it's not gonna be a, you have to, you have to. It's you transitioning to, I'm gonna tell you some things about when I was 18-year-old, that your dad wasn't an 18-year-old woman like I was.


I'm gonna tell you about stuff. I'm gonna tell you about boys. I'm gonna tell you about dating, I'm gonna tell you about how hard it is. I'm gonna tell you the scary moments. And all you're doing is planting seeds so that when she gets over her head at 19, she will remember I can trust my mom. That's your best case here. I cannot stress to you enough. What, what a tough situation this young woman is about to enter into. Yeah. And I don't wanna gender it, but I would even suggest that she will have a tougher time than he did. Oh, I know she will. 100%. Yeah. Well, and here's the thing in that regard, man, This gets me fired up, Dave.


It makes me so mad, Man. I'm telling here. Here's the problem. Okay. Who's gonna wanna marry this girl? I'm not signing up for this. Well, she's nobody With, nobody with common sense is gonna look at Princess Girl and say that she's never known a single boundary. And anytime she smiles, she's supposed to get hand, be handed money. This is a, an this is a disaster of a wife. Yeah. But she'll, she'll, she'll be married and she'll end up getting divorced when they find out who she really is. And she's a very good little actress. Good god almighty. I mean, I'm sorry. Wow. Wow.


You feel so powerless. Yeah. You're just watch you feel like you're fatalistic, like you're just watching this car wreck happen and have nothing to do to stop it. I gotta tell you, if I'm you, I'm in marriage counselor's office real soon. Yeah. Because your husband is a twerp and what he's doing to you is unconscionable and what he's doing, allowing it to happen to her while you stand by and watch and go, well, she'll just go through a divorce. Well, she'll just now, instead you go to the, those breakfasts John's talking about you insert yourself into her life and you insert yourself into this marriage crisis that you have very proactively, or you stand back and be fatalistic about that too. And, well, it's just the way it is. His parents did that and I can't do anything with him.


Well, then we can't help you. Yeah. 'cause the, the answer to your question that you called about is proactivity And it's going down, kicking and screaming. Yeah. That's it. That's Productivity. I'm You're not, you're, you're not taking my daughter from me. I'm throwing a duck fit, Dave. I I, man, I can't tell you the number of students that just, I sat with it. They didn't understand the consequence. They don't have dignity. But they don't know that. Don't People, the people that don't have a boundary and personal self-discipline. No. They've been, yeah, they've been stolen from They don't have dignity. They don't, they don't understand self-respect because no one's ever given them a sponge allowed of 'em to have it. That's right. It's a sponge with no brains. There is no consequence.


Well, I'll just go to another college. I'll just get a new car. I'll just get another apartment, I'll get another house. Yeah. And it's just not how the world works. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I hate it, man. I hate this for you. It's awful. Horrible. But here's the thing, you can't fix her. You can only put some things in place that make her struggle. And I'll say this, Dave, I I, I heard this, it was about six months ago, and it rang true with me. It was a guy on a stage and it was just a clip. But it said, I don't want to hear another conversation about quote unquote, these kids these days, kids have never changed. It's the adults that have, the adults are the ones that are letting these kids just run amok and saying it's for their good.


And it's just simply not. She's that kid's acting. 18 is acting 18. Yeah. Rachel said, when we started on this student loan stuff many years ago when we were doing that documentary borrowed Future, we don't have a student loan crisis. We have a parenting crisis. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Stand Around watching your kid completely bury themselves in student loans to get a degree in left-handed puppetry. That's a parenting problem. That's not a student loan problem. Oh Man. I would go down kicking and screaming on this one, Heather. That's my, that's my baby girl man. Or just screaming and kicking. Yes. Wow.


Lemme tell you, the gods gonna cut you. It's holy week in Jerusalem. And the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. Walter, you scribes and Pharisees, how will you escape being contempt to hell Experience Holy Week like never before. What if you tell now in theaters the chosen last supper? Get your tickets now.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. All Right. I want to settle a couple of scores here. Okay. Oh, number one, a lot of the time when I'm doing a VIP thing with our customers that have become baby steps millionaires, like when we were on the RAMSEY cruise, this happened a lot. And we're doing a q and a, it often comes up, okay, I've built wealth and I'm concerned I'm going to ruin my children. And let me assure you that you building wealth will not ruin your children. It will expose the fact that you already ruined them or not.


Correct. Yeah. So the wealth doesn't do, the wealth is not the problem. The problem is the parenting. And so because I meet lots of wealthy families who have extremely functional, high achieving, highly relational, high relational IQ children that do very, very well as adults. Correct. The money did not ruin their children because their children were not ruined. And so what the money does is it puts extra pressure on you as a parent to make sure you're doing your job of growing character, self-discipline, kindness, compassion, contentment, gratitude, not entitlement.


Hard Work. Not, I was born on third base and thought I hit a Triple no. The, you know, the opposite of that. And so the RAMSEY kids, they had it tough growing up. Not because we didn't have any money, but because we had money. 'cause old Dave is not gonna let this crap happen. And so, you know, you be working, you'd be a RAMSEY kid. I mean, we're sending you the freaking salt mines. I mean, it, it's ridiculous. We, they, they'll tell you story after story after story of crap. We made them do for money. 'cause we wanted them to associate hard work and calluses and sweat on your brow with money. And then when they get to college, I have an unlimited budget.


They don't. So one of my kids, when we got a new car one time we got an upgrade car. And it's the first time we got in a decent car in a long time. 'cause we were kind of coming up through the stuff, right. And he, he leaned, Daniel leans back in the back seat and says, we are doing pretty good. So we aren't doing anything. You're broke. I'm doing pretty good. You get to ride in my car. That's how this works buddy. And So we don't get to have, and and you don't get to, I'm not buying you a car when you turn 16 either. I will match it. We had 4 0 1 Dave and we matched it. Whatever you save, I'll put with it. So if you save nothing, I hope you enjoy your bicycle.


'cause you get nothing, honey, nothing. And we did this all the way up through their growing up years. So when they go to college, they had a set budget per month of cash that I put into their account. If they wanted more than that, you know, where they got it working. Right. None of them died. And none of 'em are in counseling for that, to my knowledge. They're in counseling for other things. But not that, not that. Well, hey, hey, let's just double click on the exposure. This happened in, in my house. Hank my oldest, he's 15. He grew up in the tale of two cities. And to this day, he will still pull me aside in a restaurant and say, Hey dad.


And he's very respectful about it. Hey, I'm, I'm still hungry. Can I get another taco? And I'll be like, buddy. Yes, of course man. And my wife backed into our car several months ago and just getting outta the driveway. 'cause I'm a terrible Parker. It was my fault. Yeah. Right. And Josephine, my 9-year-old said, well, looks like we gotta go get a new one. And I looked at her and said, that's not how that works. Right? But, but what I realized is my son cleans horse stalls and my daughter's growing up in a different world than my son did. Yeah. And so my wife and I was, it was a good moment. We gotta be extra intentional now. Yeah, right. It just, it just, the tide went out. It create and It reveals it. Create teachable moments. That's right. That create grit. That's It.


That create contentment. That create gratitude. And, and, and then the money is just a sidebar issue. But this unlimited is not good for any human at any age. And just ask Congress. I mean, there's no off spigot, right? I mean, I had a pug dog that did not have an off button for food. And so if we kept the food out and it free range, the dog would get, it would be like a complete sphere. It would be so fat that it rolled instead of walked. And we were killing our dog. Right? So we had to take up the food and we're like, no, just 'cause you're down at the lake house chasing jet skis and you run your fat off in the summer.


Doesn't mean that you get to get fat every winter. So no, we're gonna cut the food off because you're, we're killing you. The animal that we love. Right. With an unlimited supply. Hello. There we go. And, and so this is, but but never fear parents that you are ruining your children by becoming financially successful yourself. You can have $500 million and not ruin your children. You can have $5 and ruin your children. 'cause it hasn't got anything to do with the money. The money's not the variable. Right. And, and it, it's just a reflection of all the other crap that's going on, the dysfunction that's going on or isn't going on in the family.


And so wealth just magnifies, that's all it does. It makes you more of what you are. And, and so if you're a grouch, you become super grouchy. If you're kind, you become super kind. If you have a temper, you become a rageaholic. And it's, don't you know who I am? That kind of junk. Right? And anybody that gets in your way, you know, that's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. And so that's what wealth does to people, all of us. And so if you're a giver, it turns you into a philanthropist. Wealth magnifies whatever's going on, good or bad in the family dysfunction or function and in the individual.


And so please enjoy your financial success with no fear of the money having ruined your child. It's just about communicating this how blessed we are. And this blessing comes at a cost. This is how hard we have to work. And this is what reality looks like. And by the way, you can tell your kids how hard we're working. They, you, they have to experience that. They've gotta experience hard work. Even if you can afford to have a professional do it, even if it's a pain in the butt and you don't wanna go up and down the stairs and check their room seven times. That's part of parenting. Whether, whether you have no money or a ton of money. There's just some basic things that kids need to experience. And calling out that last caller, Dave being poor isn't the solution either.


Right? I I wouldn't wish that on anybody. You can look at any health and, and, and relationship metrics that that's not the solution either. The solution is to continue to focus on those lessons like you just mentioned. Whether, whether you have little, whether you got a lot man, and you cannot, don't steal from your kids. You said to us, caller, if you just give an unlimited amount of money to a teenager, you're robbing them of their own dignity, of their own ability to stand up on their own two feet. It's criminal. And often it is parents propping themselves up. Look at what I can do for my kid instead of let me teach my kid to stand up, stand up tall. And it's just, it's, it's, I don't say it's abusive, but it's really close man.


So our kids attend a school like hers that kids attended a high school in this area and well, Williamson County, the county that we're in is the wealthiest county in Tennessee. It's the 11th wealthiest county in the United States. It's full of country music people, tech people, hospital executives that are healthcare boom in Nashville. And there's some extreme wealth in this county. And there's lots of these kids that people give a 15-year-old a brand new BMW, which is the definition of stupid by the way, because they're gonna hit it like 30 minutes after you give it to 'em against a tree or their friend's car. So you might as well not tear up a good car while you're learning to drive.


Okay. So anyway, this is the, the environment that our kids are in and, and our net worth and income is likely higher than most of those people that are doing that. And our kids are driving cars way substandard to that 'cause they could only buy a car with the money they had saved. Plus what we doubled. And, and so it wasn't, it wasn't the fanciest car, But can I say I hank's my son's 15, he's heading into that season. The temptation is on me. Oh Yeah. Because I wanna just go get him a really cool, nice thing. And we look at trucks now and we're driving and we come to stoplights and we're like, man, that look at that. And I wanted to be able to just go write a check for it and get it for him and, and I have to know I'm stealing from him if I do that. Yeah. 'cause he's got, you know, most especially guys are the worst.


We get great pride out of our first car story. Yes. 88 Tercel easy hatchback. My buddy called it the roller skate. I looked like Fred Flintstone. 74 Monte Carlo land yacht. Dude, I could start mine with a rope. Dave paid cash for it with or paid for it with a loan and a down payment I got from cutting grass and painting houses. Mine went me meet me eat. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of rip-offs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch give them a call at eight three five six forty two eighty two


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Jonathan and Charlie are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hey. Doing well. How about You? Better than I deserve. Welcome. Where are you guys from? Knoxville, Tennessee. Alright, well welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off $122,186 and 52 cents. Excellent. How long did that take? 18 months. Good for you. And your range of income during that year and a half. Started Around 130,000 up to 215,000. Whoa. Nice. Jump in a year and a half. What do y'all do for a living? I work in tech. Stay at home homeschool mom.


I like it. Good for you. Well the tech world's treating you well, brother. Yep. Working Hard. I bet you are. Good for you man. This is good stuff. What kind of debt was the 122? It was A lot of everything. So credit cards, personal loan, heloc, IRS, debt, family loan. Yeah, car loan. Y'all were normal. Yeah. Student loans Really normal. Like more normal than anybody would ever wanna be. Ooh, gross. Yeah. So what happened 18 months ago? What was the wake up call Class at church? So as he says, anything that the church is doing, I end up wanting to do it and he was a little hesitant but we decided to jump in and go ahead and do it.


Financial Peace University? Yes. Oh good. Okay. Excellent. So you went into the class and it's like, whoa. Mind blown. I mean, because this is a dramatic change right here. Yeah. You went from borrowing on everything to paying off everything. Yes. So what happened in the class? That's interesting. Well, it's kind of how we wanted to live life. It was just kind of the fire that we needed to get going, the push that we needed. And I guess I always thought I would never be able to retire and I don't even think I went to the first class, maybe do a scheduling and conflict, but at the second class went home, calculated some numbers and said, Hmm, maybe I can retire.


Maybe we can do this. Yep. Yeah. Maybe it'll work. It's called Hope, right? Yep. Yeah. Good for y'all. Very cool. What's your church called? Central Church of Christ. Oh, excellent. Okay. Good, good. Well man, that's incredible. I'm so proud of y'all. Wow. Okay, so I have, I have a question that's gonna sound like a backhanded dig and it's not Okay. Same team. Good? Yes. Okay. You make a quarter million dollars as a tech person. What that tells me is your problem solving ability is far exceeds mine. And you're able to think logically. Right? That's the, the guys who are building apps here, they, I drive, I drive 'em crazy.


'cause they're like, that's not logical, John. Right. What is it about that thinking that doesn't translate to borrowing, taking on another loan, the tax debt. Lemme just, let's just put the house. Like there's a gap there. Right. And I think it's easy when you're listening to, to a story like this to be like, well duh, but you were in the middle of it. Well, as soon as he took that thinking and applied it, it went boom. Oh, it went Boom, it's gone. Yeah. But what was that gap between just, this is just the way things are yet when I go to work, I'm able to put on such a logical process driven hat and do really well at it. I think for me, so I've worked, I've, I've actually thought that before. I've worked as product manager and delight driving products to market and I could manage those budgets, but when it came to my own personal finance, it was just like scared deer in the headlights.


I don't wanna look at it, be better just not to look at it. So it was intimidating. Yep. Interesting. That means there's personal stories or childhood stuff attached to that, to that budget. Maybe. I, I mean I, I actually grew up in a Dave RAMSEY household. My parents both were listen to you every day. Okay. But I didn't really wanna hear it too much. I got You. That's fair. That's fair. I can, that can happen. And then you end up going to church class or financial peace university at church and your parents are like, yes, I love it. What's, what's the, what's the hardest thing you sold I Your trailer? Maybe. I mean, nothing too much.


It was just all stuff. We, we still have stuff we're still trying to get rid of, but I think the hardest thing to get rid of was for her, her Sam's Club credit card. Oh. And for me was my Lowe's credit card. Oh, I'm with you on that one, dude. There we go. That one hurts. Yeah. But the good news is both those places take cash. Yep. Yeah. Good news. You can buy whatever you want now that you've got some money. 'cause you don't have any debt. How's it fee? How long y'all been married? Little over six years. Okay. And have you ever been debt free in the six years? No. Until well Now. Until now. But I mean, prior to that, this is, this is your first taste of freedom. Yep. Yeah. How's it feel? It's Great.


How sacrificial, how sacrificial You got a house full of kids. I mean, how much did y'all have to cut? How tough was this? We cut a lot. They, the kids play a song about how Dave RAMSEY stole Christmas. So we've heard that a few times. But the, the kids all fully on board and if we ever did go do something, they're like, aren't we supposed to be getting outta debt right now? Whoa. Well played. Well played. Whoa. I love it. Okay. So it was a, it it was a deep enough cut that everybody in the family saw it felt it got involved and now enjoys the freedom. Yep. Yes. Very good. Proud of you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Way to go.


So cool. So cool. All Right, now you're here and there's a, a, a couple just like you guys that's normal that's listening or watching right now on YouTube out there and they could be where you are in 18 months. What do you tell 'em the secret is? What was the thing that changed everything Being on the same team and even if you make mistakes, not just completely jumping ship, staying consistent, working together and definitely having that budget. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. I I think it's when you wrote it down and saw it could happen.


Yep. We actually made a, Where there is no vision that people perish and you got a vision. We had a Grafana dashboard that showed, you know, like what we've been doing versus, I Don't even know what that means. The, the predicted amount of when we get outta dead. And that really, I think inspired Charlie. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, just pull up the dashboard. I wanna see where we are on the graph now and just watching the little cursor move down the, the graph and now it's moving towards paying off our house. And when we become baby step millionaires. I like this. Congratulations guys. I like this. So how far out to pay off the house? Three years. Wow. Very good. And how far out to be baby step millionaires?


Five years or five or six years. Okay. From today. From today. So that's gonna be under 10 years from the time you started? Yep. Yes. Wow. Powerful. They're good. Yeah. It's amazing guys. Congratulations. You guys are, you guys are powerful. Very good. So you brought the tribe with you? Yep, we did. They and I'm sure they've been practicing, so if they do a Dave RAMSEY screwed up Christmas, they gotta have a debt-free scream. They better. Okay. They better have that right? Okay. So get 'em up here and let's hear their names and ages. Come on up guys. Get in the thing. Get in the picture here So we can see you. What are their names and ages? We have Bella 14. Amelia 14. Natalie 14.


We have Caleb. 11. Tristan 12 and Georgie nine months. All Right, very cool. And We also have one more at home that's working and at public school right now. So Very good. Good job. Wow. Good family. Well done you guys. Well you kiddos, your mom and dad are heroes. They've changed your whole family tree. They've changed your life with their sacrifice and forcing you to sacrifice and, And this year you get Christmas back, y'all, It's coming back. Christmas is back. Good news is Christmas is gonna come back in 2025. Alright, Jonathan and Charlie and tribe. 122,000 paid off in 18 months, making one 30 to two 15.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 2, 1. We're debt free. Yeah. I love it. Well done man. See you. You can't hit what you're not aiming at. And they have exactly figured out when the house is gonna be paid off and when they're gonna cross a million dollar net worth. Be baby steps millionaires. They're, they're gonna hit it. And let me, I'll give you another predictor. A hundred percent chance they do it sooner. Much, Absolutely. Yeah. A hundred percent chance to do it sooner. So whether you're out there and you can build a app that can show you when you're gonna pay off is, or if you do it like I did with construction paper and a pen, get yourself a vision and then go chase it down.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are nonprofit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today, New York City. Nick is calling. Hi Nick, how are you? Hi Dave, thanks for taking the call. Sure. What's up? So I just recently purchased an engagement ring from my long-term girlfriend. Hey, Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Yeah, very excited and just looking forward to this next chapter. So yeah, so basically what how I did it was I had an introductory credit card offer for from the good people of Bank of America and I qualify boo. Exactly.


Yeah. There's some good people I guess. But anyway, I received an offer, promotional offer from Bank of America where qualifying purchase through this new credit card would warrant a 0% interest on any debt that's paid within the first 60 days of purchasing and opening the credit card. I have no intentions of putting anything else on the credit card. And essentially it's been purchased through the card and it's just a cash outflow question. As far as managing my monthly payments, I originally intended to How much is on the card? So I currently owe 11,000 for the ring.


How much money do you have in savings? So I have about $25,000 in a high yield savings account. Write a check today and pay off the card and place scissors across it and cut it up. Ta-da. Okay. That's it. You shouldn't have done this. It was dumb. You did a sweet good thing. A dumb bad way. Dude. No one in the millionaire study that we said got rich by using zero interest credit cards and leaving their money in a high yield savings account on 11,000 freaking dollars. Do you know how much money you made in 60 days on this? Enough to buy a biscuit?


You didn't make any money, you did all these mental gymnastics and burn all these calories thinking you were beating Bank of America. Believe me, you don't beat Bank of America. The only way you beat Bank of America is stay away from them. Okay. Why does it make you nervous? You have $25,000 in the, in in the bank. You'll have 14 grand in cash left. Yeah, I think the point I was thinking about it was if you get below the $25,000 deposit, it goes down to a, I'm making about 4% yield on that savings account. It goes down to less I less than 1%. I do. Lemme ask you something. Yeah. What, what's 4% of $10,000?


Do you know That would be what? 400 $400? Yeah. Okay. Divided by 12. Yeah. It'd be less than 40 bucks Times two. You can't buy a pizza. Yeah. Not in New York. You, you're act you're acting like this. Math matters. It doesn't matter. There's no math here that matters. There's not enough money and time involved for these interest rates to be relevant. Yeah. How much do you make an hour right now at your job? Well, I'm salaried, but I make probably about 3,500 a paycheck. So Yeah. Okay. So this wasn't worth your hourly wage. You, You, you, you, the hours you have spent screwing with this in your mind, you, you made a dollar 16 on it per hour screwing with this.


It's paid Off. Dude, Dude, do, do not play with these snakes. They will bite you. This is a big ugly snake called Bank of America. Big ugly snake. It will not only bite you, it will eat you and you're future young. No, no, no, no, no, no. The good news is you've got the money to pay this off and, And still have A whole bunch of the bad news is, I'm not sure I convinced you and you're still kind. I don't know if I'm gonna do this or not. Yeah, you need to do this, Nick. You need, because you don't wanna be putting that ring on her finger and be going, thank you Bank of America. Gross. That makes me, I got a little throw up in my mouth right now. Well, Here's what's gonna happen. She's gonna say, well hey, I wanna do pony rides at the wedding, but they need a cash deposit.


Or I want and Pony Rides. I don't know what people do at weddings. I don't know. George rolled in on a camel. I dunno what these youngsters Well, he is a camel. I Know. But these young weddings are outta control. But he's gonna have $25,000 in the bank and his sweet new fiance's gonna say, Hey, we need a cash deposit. He's gonna give it to her and he's gonna say, okay, I'm just gonna float this for one month and that's gonna float for one more month. This is what Bank of America counts on. That's exactly right. This what they're counting on. Once they've got your your head in the noose, they pull the rope. Yeah. That's how it works. All Right.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. These are private loans that are in default. If you got one of those, they can get you out and they can get you on payments you can do and a good interest rate and get you out and get the things up and current. Get it off of your credit, all that stuff. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Alright. Today's question comes from Erica in Delaware. Erica writes, how can I respect my partner when we have significantly different views on money? He believes living paycheck to paycheck is justified because you get experiences before you die. Because I know, dude, I'm just Dave, we're gonna have work forever. Forever. We're always gonna have a job. Well Guess we're geniuses. We are The smartest men who've ever lived. Do you know what we do for a living? We convince people to live on less than they make. Go ahead, finish. How big is this building? Is it 650,000 per feet? Just just finish, finish the email. Golly, Please.


Because I've been following your principles for a year and I'm on baby step four, which is investing for the future. I totally disagree with him. Help. Here's the deal. You already don't respect him because this isn't about different views on money. This is about living in reality or not living in reality. And so let's don't blame money. This is about being a grownup or being a child. That's Right. So this is this partner of yours is a child. That's exactly right. I want Experiences. That's right. And by the way, we just went on a boat with a bunch of millionaires all like for 3000 days, 3000 of them. And it was an insane, there was quite an experience.


It was quite an experience. But they had the money. They had the money. That's right. So the idea that having a budget and following principles keeps you from experiences is nonsense. It just magnifies how rad your experiences can be for a long time. It's just, it's just, it's it's not living in reality. Yeah. It's yolo It's what I expect my 9-year-old daughter to, to, to how she should view the world. Your problem, Erica, is you're dating a little boy, not a man. That's right. That's the problem. And it's gonna get worse before it gets better. So, I mean, adults devise a plan and follow it. Children do what feels good. And that's what we have here.


One adult and one child. Yeah. And so it, it's not a matter of what you can do to respect him. It's a matter of if you ever will, you won't because you're who you are. You're wise and you're old, an older soul, regardless of your actual chronological age. And you've got wisdom. And you know, you're looking at a guy who, he might be cute, he might be fun, he probably is fun, but, but he's not a good man to spend your life with. And you already know that. And by the way, I guarantee you this is not just money. This has to do with Everything. Everything.


How much we're gonna drink, raising kids, where we're gonna live, what are we gonna do for vacations like this? This impacts everything. And Dave, I'm hearing this more and more people wanna dump this on the baby steps or dump their, the, the global marriage challenge they have inside their house or their dating relationship on a plan. The plan just exposes what's already there. Oh, it's, yeah, there's not a, you know, so what we're saying, what John's saying earlier is, right Erica, I think you don't respect him. And until he becomes a person of maturity, one definition of maturity is the ability to delay pleasure, live like no one else. So that later you can live and give like no one else. So that you can have experiences. Like you said, John, if you got $10 million, your experience options are a lot different than when you're a broke person saying, I like experiences.


It's a lot different. I mean, one throws a Frisbee, the other one goes on a worldwide cruise. Yeah, exactly. One gets a bunch of like, of banquet beers and the other jumps out of a plane with his buddy Dave. 'cause Dave's great at peer pressure. Like it just, it just changes. Yeah. Man. Didn't cause that you, you think I can control your decisions? No, honestly. Okay. Honestly, here's what happened. It, you said, Hey, who wants to jump out of a plane? And Ken Coleman said, absolutely not. George Kamel said, no way. And I was like, I have to Now that was peer pressure. There it is. You didn't cause that That was my own insecurity. Ah, Okay. But what a great experience It was. It was fun. It's better than throwing a Frisbee. Same.


I'm gonna drive home today and see some guy in the park throwing a Frisbee. I'm gonna be like, man, I should have got our budget. I'm gonna judge this Frisbee throwing activity. Yeah. I mean you could do competition for recipe, I guess. No, no, no, no, no. 'cause then you have to wear socks and, and Crocs or whatever. Really? So it becomes the whole outfit. It does. It's got it's got a uniform. Yeah. No, that's something James does no competition. James does that. Of Course he plays a fender. Oh here it is. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, they do delete me. Actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find So much. But Delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed. And it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Dr. John Delone, PhD in counseling, RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author and host of The Dr. John Delony Show on the RAMSEY Networks. He's my co-host today. You jump in, we'll talk about your life and your money. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. John's in Springfield, Michigan. Hey John, how are you? Hey, I am doing good. How are you guys? Better than I deserve. What's up?


So me and my wife took your FPU class maybe about a year and a half, two years ago. And I thought we'd been doing good, but she keeps overdrafting her bank account and it started off 50, maybe a hundred bucks here and there. But in the past month she overdrafted it $700 twice. And I'm not sure what to do anymore. When you call her out on it, what does she say? Well, I asked her about it and everything she told me she don't know what she spent the money on. And she told me that it shouldn't matter what she spent it on either. So you guys flunked financial Peace University, you flunked the class.


You have to go back and take it again because in the class, in the class we taught you to combine all of your income and combine all of your assets and operate out of one checking account and do a budget every month that you both agree to and stick to. Does that sound familiar at all? Yeah, it does. Okay. You've, you've, I I say this like, I don't like saying this, this isn't fun for me. You've got serious marriage issues. If she responds to an agreed upon set of values that y'all agreed on, when you say, Hey, what's going on here? You're, you're $1,500 overdrawn. And she says, stay away, get outta my business.


Like your marriage is in trouble, is what I'm telling you. Okay. Do you, do you have access to these purchases or does she have her own checking account? No, It's her own checking account. We, we can see each other's checking accounts and bank accounts and all that Money. So you can look at, you know, exactly what she spent it on and What you get. I have no idea. 'cause she pulled the money out in cash when she did it. That dude, I, I can't, every alarm I have is going off right now. Whether it's for a hotel room, whether it's for alcohol, whether it's for drugs. I think y'all got a mess on your hands. Okay, I've just done this for long enough now. And Dave's done it for way longer than me.


When people start pulling cash out and the first thing when their partner says, when their husband or wife says, Hey, we agreed on this thing, what about this money? And the first question, the first response is, you back off. You don't, didn't even, shouldn't even apply to you. You don't Have any say in this. Ooh Buddy. That screams guilt. That's right. And lemme give you another picture. I have gone before a hunting trip to a place in town to buy camouflage gear. It's obnoxious. My wife calls it my outfits. And I have told her I'm gonna go spend a ton of money in here. And it was in the budget and on the way home I said, Hey, please don't look, it's not good.


It's embarrassing how much I just spent on clothes. Right? Yeah. That's the one thing. And we sit down and she goes, oh my gosh. And she laughs and I laugh and she pokes fun at me for a couple of months, or it was in The budget A couple of years, but we, we had agreed upon it And they talked about it and it was completely transparent. That's a completely different scenario. You get the difference and it's not an overdraft No. You hear the difference. Yeah. And I had the money. That's the other difference. Yeah, I hear that difference. So what, what has she ever been addicted to? Anything that you know of? I mean, she is been addicted to alcohol, but she got over that. So as far, far as I know, nothing.


Maybe about year, year and a half ago, she got over that. Okay. You, I I'm just telling you right now, this is the, that moment to turn all the lights on, turn the music off, all the little games y'all play, all the avoiding of the hard conversations. I'm worried about her health right now. Okay. That's the behavior of somebody who's struggling. Where else is she doing this? This is not just isolated to money. Where else is she hiding from you? I'm honestly not sure. I know we have a budget and we To it. I mean, is she light, is she late from work? Yeah. Does she flip her phone over every time you come in? Has she changed her passcodes on social media? Like you, you get what I'm saying? Where else is this showing up?


Yeah. Yeah. She, she did change her passcode on her phone. I noticed that. Okay. And yeah, last night I had mentioned I needed to look at some pictures so I can put some money in the budget and she grabbed her phone real quick and said, gimme a minute. Yeah. So you, hey listen. You know. Right. You know? Yeah. And I'm, I'll just tell you right now, I'm heartbroken with you, man. I hate this For you. This is so sad. Yeah. It breaks my heart for you. This is not a, this is not an overdraft problem, dude. You got real serious stuff she's gotten into. Yeah. And I'm afraid, I'm afraid of what you're gonna find. Yeah. For a minute I thought it was alcohol, but I just changed my mind.


Yeah. Wow. Dave, we, we, I mean you are the one who taught me this, but man, when people start hiding money, It's always a symptom. It's Always a Symptom. It's not the problem. Right, right, right. Money problems are the problem. They're not the symptom, whatever they are. But hiding it is a whole different thing. And there's a whole series of a whole pieces of research and data that indicates that you know, what's going on there. And so it is one of the beauties of the cleanliness and the high level of communication, connectivity and alignment of value systems and so forth, that doing a budget together that is completely transparent.


Where EveryDollar for the entire household is spent in the EveryDollar budget app and both of you have a vote on where it goes equal votes. We can argue about it, we can, whatever. But when we put it down there, then it becomes a contract and we stick to it. It increases communication because Jesus said, where your treasure is, your heart is also, it also therefore is aligning your values. You're, you're agreeing on your fears. That's right. You're agreeing on your dreams. Right. You, you're agreeing on family dysfunction. Where are we going for Easter? You know, you're agreeing because it all shows up right there in the EveryDollar app and we have to agree on it.


Right. And, And doesn't there to Like it there clean, there's a cleanliness to that. Sure. Or understand that even she doesn't, my wife doesn't know why I buy camouflage gear that it costs. That much doesn't. But the point is, we sit down and talk about it and we don't hide from each other. Right. And, and obviously camouflage is just me making something up. But yeah. This, this one, yeah. This one ends in a pretty tough situation. Yeah. It's, we have one guy in a financial peace university many years ago. He goes, you know, it's really pretty impossible to have an affair when you're doing a budget and EveryDollar spent, 'cause you can't really put a category in that says honey. Yeah. This is the problem. Yeah. This is the problem. And, And let's, let's say we talk about, hey, you need share a checking account.


Yep. If one of you has to make a passcode on your phone that your, that your husband or wife can't see, that's a problem. That's a problem. If you reach over to grab your spouse's phone and they freak out and grab it from you, that's a problem. And it, it, it serves the same dysfunction as not sharing, checking accounts, not being aligned on how you spend your money. Because it's this idea that I've got my own life and you can't see a photo, you can't see the message. And that means, hey, what, what is what? It just, it shines a light on who is this person that shares a bed with me? Like, why, why can't I see your photos? Why can't I see this stuff? If you have to hide from your partner, then your, your marriage relationship's in a big mess.


Jade said the other day, she said, if Sam won't put his iPhone locator, if I can't know where he is, he can't share my bed. That was Jade. It's pretty hardcore. Only Jade. No, this is The Ramsey Show.


I've been helping people get out of debt and change their lives for over 30 years. So I know change isn't always easy, but it's worth it. And here's change that's actually easy and worth it. Switching to Boost Mobile Boost gives you nationwide 5G coverage for reliable calls and streaming. And their plans start at just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data. With Boost Mobile, there's no junk fees, no contracts, and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. Plus their customer service team is made up of real people, not robots. So switching is easy. So go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY. That's boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY.


You know what's crazy to me? Two things. One that we're already down to the wire on the tax deadline and two, statistically speaking, most people haven't filed yet. And if that's you, I'm not trying to shame you or anything, but just know that taxes don't have to be stressful. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate software that makes filing simple and easy and doesn't make your wallet cry. So don't be the person pulling your hair out because you're trying to file at 10 o'clock at night on April 15th. Get this party started and over with by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey guys, thank you so much for the number of you that have embraced the new book Build A Business You Love. It's officially here, it came out this week and the number of pre-sales and the number of sales this week are off the charts. We appreciate you very, very much. This is not just another business book. I started this company with nothing with a card table in my living room. How did I do it? How did we build it? How did we build RAMSEY? What's the process we used? What are the five stages of business that we've observed here and the 10,000 small businesses that we have coached in the last 20 years as well. So business is hard, but we're gonna show you the clear steps to get there, just like we did with the baby steps in Total Money Makeover. This is like the baby steps for small business, right? And business is hard, but climbing a hill is easier when you know what's gonna happen. When you get on top, the the strain is worth it because you know you're going somewhere it's proven system. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description on YouTube or podcast to get the new book, build a Business you love. We appreciate you getting it this week. It's been a big help to our marketing. Thank you. Thank you so much.


Carlos is with us in Los Angeles. Hey Carlos, what's up? Hey, thank you. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. So I'm on baby step four, five, and six. And I recently met with a financial advisor about opening up a 5 29 plan for my daughter and she went over all the fees and the stuff. And then I started wondering if it is better for me to just open a, a plan directly, like through Vanguard or something like that instead of me. I don't know. What's your exactly opinion on that? I would use your advisor. The fees shouldn't be substantial. They should be very small, little to nothing.


Well, and here's the thing, the 5 29 plans are, so some of them suck beyond belief and you could stumble into one of those if you're not careful. And if you don't have somebody coaching you along the way on this and teaching you about it, because the only 5 29 plan we would recommend is one where you control them and select the mutual funds and they don't automatically change, they don't, they're not automatically selected for you based on the age of the kid. And you know, there, there's just a handful of those out there that are done that way and that's the type you want to get involved in. And I would always keep an advisor in my corner. I do, I use an advisor and I'm the guy that tells everybody what to do with their money.


So, and the fees on that stuff are not, it's not, it's not much. I mean they're, they're very small and it's not like they're taking half your money or something in commissions. It's, it's not. And it's worth every bit of it to have all of your stuff in one place with one advisor. So they're keeping a watch on your whole, at least your entire mutual fund portfolio. Mine does. Mine's all in one place, by the way. All the, all the mutual funds now, real estate's separate obviously, but that, that's the thing to do there. Mason's in Sacramento. Hi Mason, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can we help?


So my partner and I just, we're about to close on a house in early May, our first house. And we want to know like about how much we should expect to be putting into renovations. We plan on selling in about five years How much work needs to be done. So not a lot. It's in pretty good condition. There's a couple things the roof needs to get done, but the seller is doing a credit for that. The other thing that is pretty imperative is just the, there's a little bit of pest eradication to do and I don't expect that to be super expensive.


So what renovation are you talking about doing? Neither one of those are even renovations. Those are just repairs. Yeah. You Gotta Do those. Yeah, those are just fixing it up. Yeah. So we wanted to make it, the kitchen is pretty small. We want to maybe make the kitchen more appealing, at least appear bigger. So we wanna like lighten it up. And then we were thinking of doing the bathroom as well, like retiling and maybe the floor. We don't, we don't have a lot of experience with this kind of thing, so. Okay. So the homes in a five block radius of that, do their kitchens look like you want the kitchen to look or do they look like the kitchen you're buying?


I think they're a little, they're a little bigger. They're, the houses are not super nice right there, so they're not, you know, they're not super big. It was a $315,000 house. It's our first house. It's a three bedroom and it's not, it's not very big. But I'm really glad you're buying this house. Yeah. Good for you man. This Is a good, this is a good, a good modest purchase to get you started. I really like that Mason. Awesome. Here's the thing. What you're looking for on repairs is if you're doing repairs for you to enjoy, but they don't increase the value of the home. That's not a repair or a renovation you're gonna do if you're only holding the home five years.


But, and the reason I, the reason I asked about the kitchen or the bathrooms in the area is if most of the homes in the area have gone through a renovation and have a nice kitchen and have a nice bath, then you probably will get your money out by doing your kitchen and your bath. If most of the homes in the area have a bath and a kitchen the way yours looks today, and you go make yours nicer than the rest of the area, you will not even get your money back on that renovation cost. It will not increase, it will not increase the value of your home equivalent to what you spend. And Can I tell you something just to put in your back pocket, right? Five years ago I was the chief academic office, I mean student affairs officer at a university.


Five years before that I was two cities away in another state. Why do I tell you that the me being a YouTuber was not on my radar. And so I, I always hesitate when people say, we're we, we wanna do a thing, but we're gonna sell in three years. We're gonna sell in five years. 'cause dude, none of us know what's coming in three years or in five years. And so if you've, if yeah Dave, lemme ask you this. If you have an outstanding mortgage and let's say, you know, Mason bought it in the right way financially and you've got cash, does it matter? Do you have a ratio for that or do you wanna pay down the house a certain amount or do you wanna get the house paid off before you start renovating stuff in it?


No, I think if you're in baby steps four, five, and six and you wanna fix up your house, that's fine. Okay. But you, anytime you're doing an improvement to the property, you've got to ask yourself, does it increase the value of the home equal to what I'm spending? Okay. And so I Feel like if I'm, if I'm gonna redo my bathroom and it's not Bathrooms and kitchens are the most expensive things to do in a house, But I mean, I want it paid off if it's, if I'm gonna, if it's gonna outsize the market and it's just you, You don't, you don't, you don't want outsize the market. That's what I was just saying. Yeah. But, But if I want it just, it's my house me and my wife live in and we just want to make it a cool bathroom, I need to have the house paid off and just have some extra money to burn in the living room. Right? Yeah. If you're doing it and it's not increasing the value of the home Correct. Equal to what you're spending.


It should be, you should have it paid off first. Right. Okay. Yeah. Whatever the renovation is. So I want to add 6,000 square foot of garage because I wanna collect No, you're not, you're not gonna, you're not gonna get your money back. Right. And that's a, that's a luxury purchase and you're going to, you know, I wanna put the only pool in a six block radius behind my house. That pool is not gonna add a dime in value to that house. 'cause pools are not normative in your neighborhood. And so you're about to drop, you know, literally Bury 50 grand in your backyard. Yeah. At least at a minimum. And, and you're not gonna get it out because it's not gonna increase the value of the home. Yeah. But if you have a paid off house and that's where your kids live, that's where your schools are.


And you guys wanna a pool Fine. Not, you're not gonna, okay. And You're gonna pay cash for it. Fine. I like that. I like that. But don't do it and call it return on investment. 'cause you're not, it's a consumption item. Do you Have a gut feeling on how many people call the show and say, I'm gonna do X in three to five years and they don't? No. 'cause I never hear back from 'em. You never Hear back from 'em. I don't know what they're doing. Okay. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm with you though on that idea. 'cause the average home turns every 5.6 years in America. Five and a half years. That's how long. All Right. So Masons, that's the average. Mason's probably, right? That's the average. Okay. Okay. But this first time home purchase for them, they're, they're, they're buying something modest.


They're probably not gonna stay five. That's fair. They're probably gonna move up. People that do a move up generally do it faster than that. And we are talking California real estate here. Yeah. So three fifteen's a small house in California. Oh, it's a tiny Yeah. Modest home. Yes. It's a, it's a wonderful entry purchase in other places it might be a big house, but it's certainly not in Sacramento. So, wow. The median house price in America this week is 412,000. For those of you that don't know, you can check out all this stuff. The stats on realestate at Ramsey Solutions dot com. Check out the housing, the home website that we've got within our site.


I don't even know what you call the stupid thing, but okay. It's there all kinds of stuff. I'm looking at the stats on it right now. It's pretty impressive. This is cool. Real change in your money and relationships is possible. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. You can build a better future for yourself. And it starts here. Hang out with Dr. John Delony and I live in a city near you for the money and relationships tour. Starting next week, we'll be in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City.


Time is running out, so grab your tickets while you can at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Okay guys, I got big news. Aldi is now the official grocery sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Yeah. RAMSEY is teaming up with Aldi, the grocery store that cares as much about saving money as I do get this Aldi branded products save you up to 63% over similar name brand products at other stores. It's great quality and big savings on everything you need with no gimmicks, no membership fees or coupons required. See for yourself how Aldi is saving Americans across the country. $8.3 billion a year. So stop paying more and start shopping at Aldi where they have the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi. Us


This morning, John and I were on stage in an empty RAMSEY events center with our live events team walking through what we're going to be doing on the Money and relationships tour. So if you're signed up for one of these, you here's what you're gonna get. And here's what, if you haven't signed up, you need to get signed up. We're gonna put about 20 topics that either are John or Dave or John and Dave on an app. When you walk in and you're gonna vote and based on your votes that night, that's what we're gonna talk about. We're gonna run, we're gonna run, let you do the set list. In other words, you get to, you get to do your, choose the songs you want sung, although there will be no singing, John God, there will be no singing, Bro.


Neither of us need, Neither of us need to be singing. Particularly me, but none. It's None. It's already a chaotic time in America. They don't need that too. We're gonna talk radio for a reason. Talk radio. Yeah. Anyway, so there's all kinds of stuff on there. Like we're gonna talk, you know, marriage and we're gonna talk about, of course, we're gonna talk about kids, we're gonna talk about wealth building, we'll talk about debt. We can talk about whatever you wanna talk about. We're gonna put up a whole bunch of stuff. We tried to guess what you might want to talk about and then we thought we'd just let you pick it. So that's what we're doing starts this coming Monday in Louisville, Kentucky. There are some seats left this coming Monday, April the 21st.


Durham, North Carolina, April the 23rd. Wednesday, Atlanta, Georgia, April the 25th as I sit here at this moment, that's a week from tomorrow. And so that's the first three cities of our six city tour. And you can get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And of course then we're gonna go out in May 5th will be Phoenix on a Monday Fort Worth on May seven, and Kansas City on May nine. Oddly enough, Fort Worth and Kansas City are the two that are almost sold out the last two. So if you guys want to get in on those You bet. Or go ahead and get your tickets. You're gonna miss that one. Okay.


They're about to reach sell out and the others are not. You can get your tickets, but go ahead and get them. We would appreciate that and we'd love to see y'all. It's gonna be a lot of fun, be a lot of interaction, and just come on out. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Or if you're tuning in on YouTuber podcast, click the link in the show notes please. Karen's in Huntsville. Hi Karen, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you guys for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have a question, kind of a more of a moral question. My stepmom, she passed away in February. Oh, sorry. And God, thank you.


I was her life insurance beneficiary, So we had had a conversation in November about it. So I was expecting to, to be a beneficiary. But the problem now is, is that now my stepdad, technically he was my stepdad married to my mom for a couple years. My stepmom is technically his ex-wife, but I just, you know, she came into my life at the same time and he was expecting to get this money. And From his divorced wife's death, I'm sorry, what? His divorced wife?


Wife? Yes. That's weird. Funny. It's the funny part about it. And they had been married for 20 plus years. She basically took care of everything for him. He never paid a bill. He never, but They weren't married anymore? No. How long Have they been divorced? Oh, I don't even think they were legally married, but she had helped raise his kids. How long have they been split up, Ted? Probably 2012, 2013. Okay. So 15 years. They've been apart for a couple years. How old are you? I'm 27.


Okay. And this go calls you up and says he has rights to this morally. So the the problem is now is that his health had been declining the last about five years. And so she, he was living with her. He went, he moved back and moved back in with her and she was essentially taking care of everything for him. Food, doctor's, appointments, all that Recently And yes. Yeah. So when she died, he lived in her house? Yeah, he was living with her When she died. He lived in her house? Yes. Yep. What a mess. And she was married? Married. She had never been married. Okay. How Much did she leave you?


She left me with 419,000. Okay. And she did actually end up having him be the beneficiary of her 401k, which turned out to be about 135,000. Okay. So this what, 50 or 6 55 or 60 years old? He is, my stepdad is 61, 62. Okay. How is he your stepdad? She was your stepmom. So that's, that's where's Your Dad? I called her affectionately my stepmom. But she really was just always, always in his life, even when he married my mom for a couple years.


So he really was my stepdad and, and still is, but that's, I more affectionately call her my stepmom. That's not God. This is so confusing. All Right, stop a second. I gotta get this figured out because it's intriguing. All Right. So the lady that I, the lady that died, did she raise you? I lived with her when I went to college. Why? And we were very, very close over the Last How did you, so, so your mom, see, I'm sorry, she, she, is she technically your stepmother or you just called her that? I just called her that. Okay. So she was not, so your mom and dad don't have anything to do with these people?


Nope. No. My, my mom and my technical stepdad, they had been separated now for a good couple years. So this is just a woman that you met while you were in college. You lived with her, y'all got close and she left you just south of half a million dollars when she died, Correct? Correct. And then some guy who she kept, And he's not your stepdad either, Who has no relationship to you, who he was, he's been freeloading for the last 20 years on this woman. And she, it is not like he was just freeloading. She was also carrying him around in the wheelbarrow. Like he called and said, whoa, whoa, I want that money too. Well, he, he was my stepdad. He, he was married to my mom for a couple years, but they've been divorced for a while and he essentially, So was he married to your mom before or after this?


Between this lady. I bet. What year was he married? What year did he divorce your mom? Oh, that was probably 2013, I'd say. It's been a while. I thought the lady that died was with him in 2013. No, just my, my stepdad and my mom. Their marriage was only a couple years pretty short. Okay. But he was, my stepdad was with his ex-wife, who I call my stepmom. Yeah. Or I, I do wild family situations for a living and this makes me wanna drink.


Yeah, no, it it's Just on air. Air on air, yeah. Other people, I'm trying to see if there's a flask going The desk here Might get more quickly. Somebody get John a bourbon. Okay. All Right. So the answer to your question then is, now that we've gotten through all of that, have we, it's have we gotten Through? I, I'm I'm through it as far as I'm gonna get there. We good? I'm, I'm it, it tangled web we weave. Okay. And the problem is, is that you are caught up amongst all these spiders and these spiders all have sticky stuff and they all interact and intersect, but none of it is your fault, nor is any of it your obligation. And so when you had a conversation with her before she died, she said, I'm gonna make you the beneficiary on my life insurance.


Is that correct? Correct. Okay. And then that was her wish. The lady that died left life insurance to the person she wanted it to go to end of story. And by the way, she Bubba the parasite gets nothing, but No, No, she, she picked some money for him too. So she was very thoughtful in how she did it. Oh no. But, but he, he doesn't get any of this 419, no zero. So that's what I'm struggling with. You Don't need a struggle. You Don't need a struggle. Struggle's over. That's why you called us. Are you Living in the house with this guy? No, no. Good. Me and my husband are. Oh good. You have a life in our own place. You have a life and you're gonna try to like be normal people now.


Yeah. Pay your house off with this money. Congratulations. Yeah. You, no, you do not owe this guy a dime. Not morally, ethically, as a matter of fact, quite the contrary, it would be immoral and unethical to give him any of it because the lady that died left it to you intentionally. If she wanted him to have it. She had an opportunity to do that in December when she was making these decisions before she died. No, it would be wrong to give him the money. Don't struggle with this. He's a, he's a guilt. He's a travel agent for guilt trips. Get away from him. This is The Ramsey Show. All Right.


Business owners last call. The presale for the brand new book. Build a Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order. Now


The Ramsey Network app is the only place to get all the episodes of The Ramsey Show. It's free. We never charge for it. And there's a lot of other cool stuff on there too. So download the Ramsey Network app. You can get a, the link in your show notes or you can just go to the app store and type in Ramsey Network and show up and you can get everything that happens on this show. There's another hour of content actually every day that is not out on the standard podcast. So jump over there on the Ramsey Network app and you can see and watch and listen and you can search it, you can send us emails on it, you can do all kinds of stuff there. So download that app and check it out. By the way, did I mention it's free? It's free.


Erica is with us in Los Angeles. Hi Erica, how are you? Hi Dave. I am super thankful and inspired by you and thankful for you, for inspiring myself, my friends, and for giving my son a good foundation for, for his financials at the rip old age of 15. So thank you, thank you, thank you. Wow. You get the high five 'cause you're out there doing it and making it work. Way to go. Good for you kiddo. Proud of you. Good. How can we Help? Oh yeah, my, I'm, so, I'm, I I'm in a good situation. I have a lot of retirement, about 700,000. I only owe 2 75 on my house.


That's a, a value of 900,000. But I put my three to six months of savings I had into an account for my son for college. So I'm starting all over and it's been really tight. And I was wondering, in your opinion, what is the best order to do things? Do I pause on putting into retirement and build my three to six months backup? Yes. Do I? Yes. Yes. Okay. That's It. Yeah. Here, here's why. If you don't and you have an emergency, you'll use some of your retirement, which you don't want to cash out for an emergency. So I, I don't want you to get into that. I don't want you to cause a problem with that or, or worse than that.


Sometimes people will go put it on a credit card if they don't have any money or worse than that, they'll borrow against their home if they don't have any money. And we don't wanna do any of that. 'cause if you have a car engine blow up or heat and air go out on the house or some kind of other thing happen and you don't have any money, you're asking for trouble. So let, let's stop and let's get that buffer in. I call the emergency fund Murphy Repellent because it keeps Murphy, you know, if it can go wrong, it will, it keeps him away. You ever notice that folks when you're broke, that your life looks like a country song? Like everything can go wrong, will like the dog got hit in the street and everything else. I mean, everything happens, right? Always when you're broke is, but when you've got a buffer, when you've got 10 or 15, $20,000 or whatever your three to six months is and it, it just, it turns an emergency into an inconvenience and that's the deal.


So that's the route I would go. Yes, definitely. Rob is in Tampa. Hey Rob, how are you? Good Dave. Thanks for having me on. Absolutely. How can I help? Well, instead of asking how can I get out of my debt problems and whatnot, I have kind of the opposite. I have an, we're both retired and have a nice debt nest egg saved up quite comfortable actually. And How, how much, how much in the nest egg? We got 500 K in a 4 0 3 B, got 25,000 in the Schwab account, got 30,000 in a checking and savings account, and we taken probably 9,100 a month net.


Wow. Good for you. Well done. How old are you? 64. Good job. Good play. Good job. Proud of you. Houses paid for, Both houses are paid for, Man. So you're a millionaire. I never thought I'd get to this point in my life actually. Yeah, but you are so I'm sorry then what, what is your question? You've done a great job. Well, we had, my wife and I, we we have a great team together and we had plans on traveling and doing things like that, of that nature. And the past year and a half or so, she's come down with some cognitive issues. Ah, and Yep. And she's, she's changed.


She doesn't doesn't do her regular things anymore that she like to do. She needs familiarity. She does not like to be anywhere where she's un unfamiliar with. Yeah. And, and so I guess my question is, in future, for the future I, I know the care of healthcare is the cost of healthcare is just astronomical and I'm gonna take care of her and I just do I save all this money in case for future care? I guess that's my question. How do, how about do I navigate this, this disease, if you will.


I'm so sorry. Yeah. How long have y'all been married? 32 years. Wow. Okay. Do y'all have, have you went and, and run the battery a test and gotten a clinical diagnosis yet? Or is this just you guys experiencing this in real time? We did see a doctor about six months ago and we were not, I was not happy with it was just a routine office visit type thing. So, but we're gonna, we've got plans in, in the mid-May to, with a different doctor to determine what road we should take or Excellent. Any, any medicine should be taken Truthfully, depending on what the cause is. There's some medication that slows this dramatically.


Am I right John? Yeah. And sometimes there's medication that actually causes some sort of just the cognitive fog and so yeah. Going and sitting and doing the battery of tests, it's worth the money and it's worth the, the you'll, you'll be it, it's nerve wracking, but it's worth it because you'll get, you'll get some clearer answers here. Yeah. If, if, if she's on medication that could be causing it, that could be one thing is what he's saying. And then the other is, sometimes there's some things that can, depending on what, you know, how this is diagnosed, we're not neither one medical doctors, but we both are around the edges of this stuff all the time because of what we do. So yeah. Take the time and go deep on this. Don't just accept it as generally this is where it is. 'cause you might okay. You might be able to do either some slowing or some even some reversal.


It's possible. That's the good news. Okay. Now then back to your original question. I'll tell you what I'm thinking about these days and what we've told each other now because we've got the money and you've got the money. Sharon and I have figured out that we can hire full-time staff in our home. Okay. That ends up being net net 24 7. That ends up being net, net, net cheaper than nursing home. Okay. I just hire full-time freaking nurse just to live with it. Okay. If it gets to where you can't do the care that's an option versus nursing home or memory care units or whatever. Again, it just depends because like you just said, familiarity keeps her calm and helps her to have enjoyment.


And so the opposite of that is a memory care unit somewhere. And so, And maybe a stair step that you can get by with six to eight hours of care for the next two to three years. Well, maybe you don't need it at all for a while. Right. But you know, you, you've got, you know, you got 130,000, $140,000 a year coming in there already and income and you've got 500 K And no debt and two paid off houses. Yeah. And so it doesn't take you much to live. And so if your household budget was 4K and you staffed budget and you staffed the thing for five KA month, you know, later on, not, not today, but if that's where you end up five years from now, that might be, it might, it might take you a long way through this and a high quality of life for you and her.


That sounds like a, a good idea. I mean, our, our monthly lease are under $1,500 a month. Yeah. I thought you could, I thought you could live on 4K. Yeah. Yeah. So that, I never thought of it that way. Yeah. And Rob, does she have good days? Yes. There's good days. It's just the repeating constantly. Sure she does. She doesn't want to drive anymore. Sure. She doesn't read anymore, but she's a, she's a happy person. Sure. It's just I see what's coming down the road and I'm just trying to prepare myself for all this. Yeah. Can I was gonna recommend if you haven't already, and it's possible for you two and every situation's different, plan something fun.


Okay. That you have some photographs, that you've got some memories, even if it's a, I don't wanna say it's a last ride. It's certainly not there yet, but plan something fun. It, it, it, my in my inclination would be to puck her up and to just watch every penny. You're okay financially, but plan something fun. Yeah. Spend, spend some money on some fun. Yeah. Right now while you can, and then start mapping out and budgeting out what in-home care looks like. And then, you know, worst case scenario, you can always go the other direction. The more standard directions later and you've got the money to do all of it, you're gonna be fine. Wow.


No matter what you want to do with your Call every customer, you,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over to there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.