
From The. Ramsey. Network. It's The. Ramsey. Show. I'm Jade. Warshaw next to me is one of my favorite guys out there. Ken Coleman. Hello everybody. Hosting the show together. Hey, we're talking about your life, your money. We'll throw in careers. Ken is the resident career guide. I will help you with the money. You might have some relationship issues. You can toss those in as well. The number's. 8, 8, 8. Eight, two, five, five, two, two, five. Call us up, we'll get you on the line. Let's dig right in. We've got Tyler, he's in Charlotte, North Carolina. What's going on Tyler? Hey, how are y'all? We're doing good. How can We help today? So I have about two and a half million in debt between mortgages, short term, different car loans, stuff like that.


I'm aggressively paying off kind of all the, all the debt except for the mortgages currently. Okay. And I'm just trying to see, and I should have that done in about a year to a year and a half based on the way I was set up. And I'm just trying to see if I should make bigger changes and try to attack everything a little bit more aggressively and get it paid off sooner. Yeah. Or if I could, let's roll it back. Continue the way I'm going. Lets Roll, let's roll back and see where this lies. 'cause when you first tell me I have two and a half million dollars of debt, my, my, my pulse quickens. But then when you mentioned real estate, I thought okay, that, that makes this a little different. So tell me about the real estate. Can you just go by property? By property? And I'll ask you about each one.


So the first property you have, is it a rental? I'm guessing? Yeah. So first one was a duplex. Okay. It's worth about 260,000. I have about 158,000 on it. So 13. Yeah. Must been about 1300 income's about 2150. Okay. So let's go to the next one. Single family, 270,000 asset value debt. About 159 payment. A thousand income 7 50, 17 50. Okay. And the next one Worth about three 10 debt. 200,000 payments.


1481 income. 2200. Okay. Is there more? Yeah, another single family. That one we're actually actively trying to sell we have on Airbnb currently is worth about 540. Okay. Debt? Four 60 payment. 3,600 in income. About the same. I think after everything's said and done, we'll probably lose them about 500 a month on that one. Okay. Anything after that? Number five? Yeah, We have a number. Have a duplex value. Three 60,000 debt. 205 payments. About 1460 income. 2,800. Okay. Anything else you wanna keep going on?


Yeah, there's quite a few more. There's, oh Gosh. Okay. Well instead of going through these here, here's what I would do if I were in your situation. I don't like that you're carrying 200, two and a half million dollars of debt and I. I love that you love real estate and I love that you wanna get into real estate here. We would teach a way to do that that's in cash. And it would be you paying off your debt first and saving up to buy cash. You're, you've gone far beyond that. And it is true that some of these may be good investments for you, but not at the tune of you being in two and a half million dollars of debt. So what I would do if I were in your shoes is I'd list them all out and I'd say, which ones can I sell off in order to clear this debt out?


And are there a few that in the end that I'll be able to keep that do, you know, create some income for me? 'cause how many do you have total? It's 18 units total. But we have Mortgages. How many mortgages? Say 7, 8, 9, 10, 9 mortgage discount in the personal property. Okay. One that's paid off Or flipping. So yeah, what I would do is try to get right side up on this and figure out which ones can I sell that are gonna bring the right amount of profit in order for me to clear out this debt. Have you sat down to kind of figure that out yet? Well, the problem with, with doing, I mean I've thought about that in the past, but being that pretty much every one of these are make a pretty good income after, after the debt, when I factor in selling them off to pay off the other ones, it reduces the income pretty substantially.


Is this your only income? It's not as much income as you think your margins per house are actually not impressive. And I'm not saying that to be unkind. I'm saying that because I agree with Jade and I. Think the best play here is to actually get rid of the duplexes. I sell the duplexes today. Those are just bad investments in my opinion. But I, but the point is, I think Jade's right, you can still come out of this thing on top. You got enough equity in these homes just as you were listing through these that if you sell X amount, so I would take, I'm making this up. Let's say you got eight properties. I'd take the best four. I'd start there and go, what are the absolute best four properties? If you're looking long term, Tyler and I think you probably know some of these are better than others.


True or false? Okay. So once you've paid those office, Jay told you, now it's straight profit. But on some of these you were listing, you're like, well my mortgage is a thousand. I'm making 1750, that's $750 gross times 12, that's about 10 grand, a little over 10 grand. And that's actually gross. That's after your expenses and taking care of things. All I'm saying is, is that you're gonna be better off with Jade's plan. 'cause now you're actually making a sizable chunk and you don't own any debt and you have no risk. I'd get out of this now, I mean, the truth, the truth what, what, what Ken is saying is right on, and I don't say this to be condescending in any way, but the truth is, revenue minus expenses equals profit.


And you're in debt, you're in the red because you owe two and a half million. It would be very different if you're carrying all these properties and you're like, Jade, I've got, and don't get me wrong, I'm not saying I'd be a proponent to this, but if you're like, Hey, I'm carrying all this debt, but because of the way it's cash flowing, I'm in the green two and two and a half million, but you're in the red. Right? So these are not good investments for you. What signals a good and healthy business is profit. And so what you're saying, your cash flowing, it's not actually profit. It is, it is. What really should be happening is you need to be filtering back then in that end to pay off the debt. And so for that reason, yeah, what Ken said, what I said before is your way out of this, I want you in the green and I want you doing deals that that end with a net profit.


And that's not what's taking place here. Could Four of these pay off the other four? Just gut check real quick. Well, I have, so there's two, well, if I, if I take my personal property outta here, that reduces it down to about 1.75 million in mortgages. And then the value would be somewhere around 2.7 million. Yeah. See, so we have about million dollars in, Man. Okay, so let me paint a different picture for you. Let's just real numbers. Okay. Let's say that you now have a million dollars, a million dollars and, and now you're paying off your personal home, no debt in your life at all.


And now you've got real cash flow plus cash. Why is that not the better play in your mind? Zero risk. Yeah. And your place is paid. Yeah. Like Yeah. I'm, is that not a better vision if you don't Agree? Yeah, I would just, I You just have to What You're acting like this is impossible. Well, the Thing is, we crumbled, we just crumbled your empire. Like I I sense that, yeah. You know, you have, you've acquired this over time and Yeah. But Those four are gonna spit off how much, that's what I'm trying to get you to. Let's say you were left with four houses, you got cash plus they're spitting off, you know, the four left are gonna spit off what, how much per month? I would've to see which one's the run Those numbers best Here.


But if I, yeah, yeah. I mean, just off the top of my head, we're probably looking at, like, if I just say three that equal up close to that, it'd probably be somewhere around, I don't know, 6,000 or so. Okay. But that's real money now. That's, yes. That's 72 grand in the clear, not paying any debt. You'll have some expenses on that. Yeah. The the truth is Ken is right. If there's anything good about any of these investments, you should be able to sell off some of them, pocket some cash, get your residents paid for, and keep some of the properties. That's, that's, yeah, that's what should be happening here. If for some reason you can't sell these to clear the debt, then something really is wrong. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've been working the Ramsey Plan and you've made real progress. But if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer phone, or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's knock box N. Okay. As in next of Ken Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with Knock box. You'll leave memories, not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash Ramsey. That's N ok box.com/ Ramsey.


You are listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is bestselling author Ken Coleman, host of The Ken Coleman Show. If you don't know about Ken Coleman, you need to get on it because he offers a lot of things that you need in your career and professional life. Also, if you want to call in and have questions about your professional life, he's the guy that's gonna help you out. I'll help you with the money. The number is 8 8 8 Eight two five five two two five. If you didn't know, it's a live show. So if you want your question answered, call in right now. Okay. We've got Matthew in Springfield, Massachusetts. What's going on Matthew? Not much. Jade. Hey Ken, how are you guys doing? Good, how are you? Good, thank you.


I'm calling in because I am curious how to go about having the conversation with my little brother on paying on his parent plus loan. Okay. There's a lot going, you, you're not even third party, you're like fourth party on this, right? Yeah. I've been listening to you guys for about a year now, and I've had a couple family members come to me with money advice just from listening to you guys and kind of what direction to go. And then some people are like, ah, you're crazy. I mean, what makes you feel like you're the guy to talk to your little brother about paying for the parent plus loan that your parents took out? Tell me more about that. Why you feel you need to step in?


Just he would listen to me more. He doesn't really see eye to eye with my parents. We don't really talk to him that much. He comes home here and there, but other than that, communication is minimal. Okay. I mean, the truth is, when I'm looking at Ken's face, I, I wouldn't touch this with a 10 foot pole. Nope. It's not your battle to fight. That's right. I'll and, and Casey and point, I tried to talk to my younger brother about his parent plus loans. Oh, you did? I did. How'd that go? It didn't go, it did not go. And were You close with him and are you close with him? Yeah. And so this is a strange relationship.


Listen, I'm a Ramsey personality and he didn't even listen to me. Yeah, right. So that's my point is you gotta let people fight their battles. If your parents want your little brother to pay the loan, they need to talk to him. Did they, Did they come to you on this or did they passive aggressive kind of drop some things around you to where you felt this burden? No, it just, the family member comes to me and talks about it and Yeah. Which family member? It, it's my mother. Hmm. So the you said no, but the answer was yes. She straight up dropped it on. You kind of passively aggressively griping about it and you felt like, all right, I'll take up the cause 'cause you're a good son.


No, I mean, thank you for the good son part, but it is just talking to him between the two of 'em, she tries to talk to him and he gets very upset. Almost triggered essentially Well, and wants nothing to do with the loan. Well, let's, let's find out, and I, I, let's make it clear, this is fourth party information, but to your recollection, when the loan was taken out, did they talk to him and say, Hey, we're signing for this loan, but it's up to you to pay it back. Did they say that? Yes. He, so, well, it is just, my dad didn't sign. It was just between my mom and my brother and it was to, to go to a school that was out The, the picture.


So they both signed it, the mom and the brother signed it, or just the mom? Both. Okay. Both signed on it. And then she had told him he should come back to a college in the area that was much cheaper and he continued to disagree. But again, at the time, we weren't listening to you guys. And Well, here's the truth. It was kind of, here's the truth. and I'm not suggesting you get involved in it, but just in case your brother or your mom happens to listen to this call, the truth is a co-signer is in place when the first party is deemed unfit to pay the loan. That's the truth. And so a lot of times a parent plus loan comes into place where it's like, Hey, you've already maxed out the other lot loan options available to you.


We're not gonna loan you any more money just on you. So now you've gotta get a parent to sign or, you know, vice versa. And so the truth is, if you sign the loan, you know if as the parent, you're kind of the one on the hook for it. That's the truth. Now I get it. And that's why I asked if there was some, some something that they worked out in the beginning. But the truth is, you really don't know the nature of all the conversations that have taken place between the two of them. You know what your mom has said, obviously there's something that's triggering your brother and you, if I were you, I'm, I ain't in it. That's what I would say is, Hey, you guys figure this out between the two of you. I hope you can, you know, co come to a men's on this, but Mom, please leave me out of it brother.


Please leave me out of it. That's what what I'd be saying, Ken Coleman. Yeah. I, you know, if you called and said, you know, how should I go about it? I'm with you. I wouldn't do it. 'cause now the tension between your mom and you, mom and him, now you're getting in the middle of that and now it's on you. I would stay out. That's choice. A however, if you want to talk to him, I think he got one shot and this is what I would do. Mm. You only get one shot. Do Not just get one shot. thank you. With the Eminem, she's always there for me. Thankfully this time she made a music reference that I understand. Usually I'm like the old boomer, like, what, what you talking about? You did good. You, you're done. Good kid. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I, if I was going to do it, which I wouldn't, but if, if I was, I would take the high road. And, and what I mean by that is, Hey listen, mom, drop this on me in the conversation. Yeah. It's none of my business Like this. Liking the caveats. Okay? But as your brother, you know, and I don't wanna see you and mom have this fight. You all gotta figure this out. But I'm telling you, you owe it to them to mom. You owe it to mom. You signed on the line, you went to the school you wanted to go to. I'm not going to belabor this. I'm not going to belittle you, I'm not gonna judge you.


But I'm just gonna say, bro, you're gonna regret this if this becomes a big issue between you and mom when you're an old guy. True. So I'm just saying, I think you need to step up and fix this with mom and take your responsibility. And then I'd walk away. I think you just, at that point you're trying to say, man, I I just think this is best for you and mom, you did sign up for this. I'm not, hate not gonna bring this up anymore, this parent, I'm not gonna bring it up anymore. And I'd walk. This is why I hate him. Because the truth is, can, you're right. If you're listening to this, you haven't parent plus loan, if you can, let's, let's, let's play out a couple of scenarios here. If your parents are in their seventies, they're in debt, there's no way they're gonna pay this thing.


And both of you signed for it, the truth is it's going to affect your credit. Like they could literally pass away and it's still gonna go to you because you're signed on it too. And so that's one way this plays out, which is in the end, it's gonna fall on you anyway. If your bo both of your names are on it, then yeah, there's some situations where only the parents signed the loan. And if that's the case, it's like, listen, if you don't plan on paying this, you took it out all in your name, it's all on you truly. The student has no need to go in there and fund that. And then there's the situations where it's like, Hey, we, we spoke about this ahead of time and we said, Hey, if we sign the 60, you pay it back.


And if that's the case, you have to make good on what the, on what you said you were going to do, regardless of whose name it's in. If you make an agreement, you should hold up your end of the bargain. So there's a lot here. There Is, and I'm gonna bring one more scenario 'cause I think this is very likely. There's a scenario where the brother is sitting at a graveside service, Ooh, Ken. And he's broken and he's dealing with an almost unbearable weight that he let this create a division and things are left unsaid all 'cause of a commitment that he made. I just think the regret on this will be almost unbearable.


I hear that. I I just, I think you have to talk real real about this. This is where this ends up. Yeah. But the brother, the party who, the two parties who signed need to talk. That's right. This is not side on conversations. It's it's Not on the Yeah, it's not on the, our friend who called us Matthew. Yeah. So the, yeah, the moral of the story here guys, is Parent plus Loans. Don't do it. and I'm, I'll tell you a real story, Ken, I went to school on full ride scholarship, but I went a fifth year and my scholarship didn't cover the fifth year. and I remember asking my dad to sign a parent plus loan for me. Do you know what he said? No. No. Good man. He said no. He's like, I'm not signing that loan. So it's okay to say no.


And just know that if you sign something with somebody, you're connected for life. And if they don't pay, it's on you. And if you don't pay, it's on them. Parents. This is not a gift. Signing debt to your child is not a gift. It creates strain and strife and contention and all of these things. So do not do it. Find other ways. And if you're dealing with this situation, you need to have open and honest conversations with your parents about it and figure out a plan forward. And both of you hold up your end of the bargain. This is The Ramsey Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna, the Middle, how be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family, by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place to cost those stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xandr.com.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade. Next to me is Ken Coleman. And here at Ramsey Solutions we have a wonderful debt free stage. People come here all the time to give their debt free scream. And Ken, something very cool is happening right now. I I I think it's cool. It will be cool. But it's strange. It Is strange For us because our, our two friends and colleagues, no, Don't give it away. Don't give it away Ken. I stopped. I stopped. I got Yes ma'am. I stopped. The Buildup that we discussed was to Say, see, now everybody's wondering who am I talking about? This is the first time we've had a non-married couple That's right on the debt-free stage. I know. It's why it's kind of cool and weird. Okay, so now in keeping, tell everybody who they are, the theme, let's do the big reveal.


We are not a couple Ao, But, So you know those voices that is there? You the one, the only, the graceful, the incomparable Rachel Cruz. Yes. Joined on the debt-free stage by being Nick and the Beast. Yes, that's right. They, they, they God throughout the mold, he is the one, the only Dr. John Malone guys's Kind of sad that we're all separated by a glass, by Glass. I know. By a glass wall. It's, I feel like you and I have a virus. Maybe we do. And they took us away from everybody. Yes, we're contaminated. But tell us, tell us why you're on the stage. I mean, we just had a really great weekend. Tell us about it. Yeah, so yeah, we, we just got off of Money and Marriage weekend here where 600 plus Couples came from all over the country, actually all over North America.


They came from Canada too. And yeah, it was an amazing weekend. And we are having a money marriage event tonight. A live stream event. Okay. So this is virtual. So we knew not everyone could travel to Nashville for having, you know, multiple days here. That's right. Because you know, life, it's expensive, there's kids, everything. Yeah. So we did wanna create an experience for Couples out there that can't make it here live. So we were like, well, a few days after the big event, let's just do a virtual night, kind of a mini and I can marriage can sign up. You can still sign up. Right. So, And it's only 49 bucks. 49 Bucks. Like, you spend more on that on a couple apps that Yeah. These days, a couple appetites apps. Chick-fil-A Oh, I was like, I thought you your phone or sorry, I'm in at dinner. I'm thinking date night.


I'm thinking tonight's a virtual I I think it is. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. And if you miss it tonight, we're actually going to still have it live. So you can still go and purchase a ticket and still watch it after tonight. But we're gonna be live at seven o'clock. Okay. Central time. Alright. Whatcha covering? Because the marriage Yes, the, the money marriage weekend is a extravaganza over multiple days. You gotta shrink it into one night. What'd you choose to cover? What are they gonna experience? I think we're gonna be talking specifically to the chaos that everybody feels in their house right now. We have an election coming up and I don't know what you're talking about. My house is Serene. Exactly. Mine is too. It's just like a walking pack full in my house. It's, but there's chaos in everybody's house. There's just an electricity in there and heading into the holiday season.


Right. So how do you keep your family intact both psychologically and emotionally and just to have some joy? It's the holidays coming up. Yeah, it's marriage and money. Are you talking about SEX? There will be some of that. Are we talking about some in-laws? What does that stand for? And not together. Not together. No, but It was an acronym. I didn't, I didn't get That. So choices making, making Wise Choices in life Is important. So Joan's talking about that. I'll be talking about budgeting your money, your time. So again, it's kind of the proactiveness going into the season that we're going in when you're a married couple. So how do you Do that? Well, should Couples, here comes the fastball. Come on, Ken. Should Couples budget time for the SEX?


Yes. Okay. And if you're talking about special exotic xylophones, no, but if you're talking about I wasn't, but now you've got me thinking about it. Well, You're talking about acronyms. Unfortunately. Yes. You should budget time for joy. You should budget time for sex, you should budget time for everything. And Rachel's gonna cover that tonight and more. All right. Okay. Speaking of budgeting time, if I'm going to sign up for this money and marriage virtual night, how much time should I budget to watch it? How long's the event gonna be? We're gonna throw Out hour and a half. Hour And a two hours. Okay, Sounds Good. So there'll be some live q and a too. So if you're there live watching, we'll be answering your questions at the End end. And can people, and so they can ask questions? Absolutely. Can ask Questions. Yeah. So there'll be an active Chat. Oh, that's always fun. Yeah. and I mean it's sold really well.


We're excited. So there'll be, there'll be a lot of people watching all over. Wow. So what you're telling us is we make a plate of nachos, we get some drinks, we set it up on the big screen. Yeah, we, And just enjoy, enjoy. And let's be honest, it's a Tuesday night. What do you people have going on on a Tuesday night? Let's be clear, we don't talk to exciting people 'cause we're not exciting people. We're not So what have you, what else would you have night From the election? Drama? A hundred percent. You had a week before the craziness Pause the Netflix series, right? Yeah, that's what I getting. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then tune us in. Okay. And hopefully we'll help. Right. So you'll it'll be entertaining. It's gonna be fun. It's gonna be a blast. Okay Guys. Tickets are $49. Get yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


And again, if you can't watch it tonight, you can still sign up and watch it. Whenever you're ready, you can click the link in description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. Rachel, John. Yeah. Thanks for hanging out. Thanks for coming and hanging out with us. James. It's good. It's good to see you on the other side of the glass. Thanks For having us. I feel like James, we need before we let him go, I feel I'm, I'm calling and all James told me I Need to get rid of him. Shouldn't they scream something? We're, We're not Married. There You go. Okay. 3, 2, 1. We're not married and then you're Outta here. All right. Count it down. I'm A bad, I am married though. You're Not married. Married. You're Not married to, to each other. That's right. I Like Rachel's thing. Go ahead. Count it down. 3, 2, 1. We're not married to each other. 3, 2, 2. One, one. We're not to each other that get outta Here.


Alright. We went with it. We did the for great freedom. That was fantastic. thank you for Winston Cruz. We love you wins. And Sheila, we did. We did. We did the whole thing sound effect. Everything. And and they, they literally just, they did. They didn't even give it a college Try. I know. Well, you know, sometimes people do do their debt free scream and it's kind of like weird debt free and you're like, what's happening right now? Well That's their style, Jay. That is their style. Yes. That's their style. That it, it just to wrap this crazy segment up. Yes. Marriage and money is doing a virtual event tonight. It's a marriage date night. You can sign up. It's 49 bucks. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. If you can't attend tonight, still sign up. It'll be available for you to continue to enjoy. Yeah. Okay. After that. Ken, we need to go to the phone Night.


I think it's time to help somebody. Knoxville, Tennessee is where John is. What's going on John? Hey guys, how's it going? We're great. How can We help. So I got married about two years ago, five months ago. We had our first baby. We moved into a bigger house. Expenses are up. Income's a little stagnant and she, the wife is talking to me that we need a new car. and I just, I've spent all my twenties saving my pennies and I'm worried about, I'm worried about opening up the cookie jar and I love the way you're setting this call up John.


I think this is great. It's very delicate. But he's laying it out though. Yeah, he's done. John has no capacity for more expenses. Jake. Okay, John, what's the current vehicle situation? Let's see if this is warranted. What's going on with the cars right now? Mine's probably 13 years old. It's got 105,000 miles on it. I bought, I bought my first property about a mile from my work so I wouldn't put a bunch of miles on it. It's paid Off and it, oh yeah, it's paid off. You paid off hers? Hers, it's been paid off for eight years kind of thing. Hers, we've got four months, maybe five left on it.


And hers is relatively newer. It's a 2017 Honda Accord. Okay. But she wants something bigger to haul the baby around. What is your, your car? Like a minivan? Mine is a Kia Optima 2012. Is that a car or an s suv? V That's a car. Okay. It's a car. Yeah. Okay. It's not that. So her, her Accord court still has payments. Is she, in her mind, is she thinking, Hey, I wanna roll this into another car payment and get the van I want? Or is she thinking, hey, let's, let's get out of this and pay cash for something. What's her plan? So I mean, it would be probably turning my car in because it's kind of dinged up and old and me taking her car and me purchasing the next vehicle.


How much? How much? Okay, let's figure out if that can work. What do you owe? What's the balance on the accord? She's got three or four more months of payment. What, what does that equal to? I think it's $500 a month. So she owes like two grand left on it. Something Like that. Okay. So it's got about two grand left. And then what do you have in savings that's not emergency fund? 'cause this is not an emergency. Yeah. Probably 500,000, something like that. In non-retirement savings. Yes. Non in retirement. Why are We talking? Go Buy your car John, you're you, you got half a million in savings in cash.


You better loosen up those purse strings. What do you make? What do make a Year mom? A once a minivan. What do you make? Every year We, we make together we make 160. Okay. So don't spend more than half of that. Your two vehicles combined do not need to be any more than half of your take home pay. Go get this woman a car and pay cash. Now This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey good people. It's Delony. For my friends at Helix, the makers of what I think are the greatest mattresses in the entire world. I've slept on all types of mattresses. Cheap ones, really expensive ones. Thin camping mattresses, you name it, I've slept on it. and I love Helix so much that now every single member of my media family sleeps on a Helix. And listen, everyone sleeps differently and that's why Helix has lots of different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. They got mattresses for side sleepers, stomach sleepers, back sleepers, everyone. And Helix also has enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you to And Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. So Helix offers a hundred night trial, plus all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix sleep quiz. I did this and they matched me. And they'll match you with the perfect mattress for your sleep preferences. And it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part. Helix offers our listeners 20% off all mattress orders. Go to Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY. That's Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY. With Helix, better sleep starts Right now


You're listening to The, Ramsey Show. Hey, we're glad you're here. Thanks for taking some time out to listen to the show. If you get a chance like it, share it, subscribe it, all of that good stuff. Ken Coleman is my co-host today talking about your life, your money, your careers, your relationships. The number is simple. 8 8 8 Eight two five five two two five gets you in. We've got Sarah who's in Houston, Texas. Let's go. What's going on Sarah? Hi. I am a stay at home mom and my husband and I don't have any debt other than our mortgage. And we live on a budget, but it's pretty tight. and I find, every time I'm saving money I end up dipping into that.


My, my question is, my husband has a pension because he works for the city, but we also give to a different investment account, like for retirement just in case the pension gets mismanaged. Yeah. And I'm just wondering if we're overdoing it and Well tell us the numbers. What percentage goes, what percentage goes to his pension and what percentage are you guys putting aside in the additional investment accounts? So 12% goes to the pension. Okay. and I think it's almost, it's almost 15% goes to the 4 57. Wow. Okay.


Typically what we would say is treat the pension like half. Okay. So maybe in this case you could treat it like 6% and then you do the other 9% to an to another investment account that you're have more control over. Okay. So in that way you could pull back and I think having that extra 6% would help things feel less tight. Yeah. Yes. For sure. Yeah, that's, and then maybe help us safer for kids' college a little bit easier Too. Let's talk about income. So it feels like you guys are pretty good at the budget and it's just an income issue. Obviously you're stay at home and that's the season of life and it's a great choice. Yeah. What, what is he making and what does he do for the city?


He is a firefighter. Okay. And his income varies with overtime. So it's about 5,000 a month I think is our average. Yeah. So what other skills does he have experience does he have that's transferable? Because one of the things about a fireman's schedule is he's got those three on four off or whatever it ends up being, you know? And so he's got, my point is, is he's got a really unique situation where he's got some downtime where he could be making some money. And this is not necessarily something he has to do for the rest of his life, but certainly in this season where it's just one income, adding some more income right now I think is a must for you guys.


Number one to have some margin. 'cause you guys are disciplined. So imagine how much more progress you guys could make financially given your discipline if you had more coming in. You tracking with me? Yes. I think, I feel like the time off gets sucked up with things like fixing cars and fixing the house. That's when he comes back and I is part of the household. Well I Get that. And all I'm saying is I get that, but that's still a choice. Yeah. You guys have gotta make choices right now. You got little ones you're trying to save for them and you're gonna have to make a choice. What's most important I can get, I can see one one day a week he messes around with an old car or something like that.


and I, that's a hobby. I'm all about hobbies. I got my hobbies and I. They are religious for me. Okay. Because I need them. Well, fixing the cars is more that we drive old cars that need fixing all the time. But again, but again, more money means better cars. More money means investing for the kids' colleges or their future education. How old are the kids? They range from 12 to one. Ooh mama. Yeah. How many do you have? Four. Oh boy. You know what? I'm not gonna lie Sarah, when you first that that's a lot. When I first started talking, I said, Sarah sounds stressed. Yeah. And you, you are stressed.


I am. You're doing a great job though. To Ken's point. Yeah, you're doing great. You guys have got a handle on the budget. I love that. What I really love is that when I asked you direct questions about the numbers you knew them, which lets me know you're on top of this. That's right. And you know, I think Ken is right. If there's a way to bring in a little bit more money to to to bring some, some breathing room into the situation, it would probably help you guys out over time. I'm not sure what that is, but I think that there's some margin to make that happen either way though. I think dropping that investing down by 6% and taking advantage of the pension that is there, I think that's gonna give you guys Yeah. The breathing room that you're looking for. Alright.


By the way, just a quick follow up on this. For anybody that feels like they're in this situation, what I would do is reverse engineer this thing and go how much more money this is for people who know their budget like she does. How much more money net to our household budget every month would take us beyond just some breathing room, but would be like, Ooh, we got some momentum with this amount of money. Yeah. So if that number's 500 for some of you get after that's six grand a year. Yes. Gross. These are all gross numbers. So you know, I'd like to see in this situation, if a fireman like this, he's got some skill, I'd like to see him aim for 25 to 30 grand additional income a year. Once you pay taxes on that, that's gonna more than give them breathing room and actually allow them to make progress.


That's right. This is the way I think you have to separate this out so it doesn't feel so overwhelming. Like, oh I gotta get another job or go, well listen for a season. Yeah, you need to bring in an additional 25 grand. But we, we don't focus on the work. We focus on what the freedom, what are the options as a result of more money. More money. I'm gonna tell you something, I know a lot of rich people and I can break it down to this. You know what rich people have tell me. Freedom Options. All kinds of options. Yeah. To do whatever the flip they want whenever they want. And so we don't, we don't have to aim for that. We're not keeping up with the Joneses. Right. I'm simply saying that options, if you talk to wealthy people, what they love most about being wealthy is not the actual money.


It's Choice. Options. Yeah. Choices. And they've got some very clear things, choices. They wanna give their kids choices for education. So if that's the issue, I gotta bring in some more income in their situation because they're already tight and they're living discipline. So that's half the battle. That is half the battle. That's good. That's good. Ken. I mean luckily for them they don't have any debt besides their mortgage. But even with that, to make the progress, to pay this off quickly, it's gonna be, yeah. So Let's play your point out. So now let's take, let's say they get an extra money and it takes care of the kids' education futures. But then you got this sweet couple that's worked really hard and they've been great parents, great Americans. Well they want something left over too when they get get to 65.


That's right. So that additional 25, don't get me started with you and your investment calculator. I Know, I know, I know. You start plugging in those numbers. It's real for themselves. And all of a sudden now they've got a really, really comfortable retirement options when you're old. Yeah, that's, this is very true. And let's talk about this in a, in a bigger picture because she, Sarah kind of hit on something that I think a lot of people feel they're in baby step four and there is kind of this feeling like once I hit baby step four, like there should be No, it should, there should be no tight feeling anymore. I should be able to just go and, and sometimes people hit baby step four and they're not feeling that freedom, that options that you're talking about.


And the truth is, some of it can be income like they're facing here. Some of it can be season of life because if you are, she's a stay at home mom. But if you've got two kids in daycare, if you've got kids in private school, Ken, yeah. There's different things that can put strain on your budget and baby step four, that is just for a season. And if you can decide, hey, we're going to side hustle for a little while, you will come to that point where there's a clearing in the woods. You know what I'm saying? That's a great way, Way of saying that. That's really good. That's, that emotionally describes that, You know, 'cause everybody wants To get to that. You be walking through in Breyers and little branches hitting you in the face and it's hard to walk. I love that. Then you eventually see that clearing.


That's really good. And that's why the extra income. Yes. Yes. It's hard. Yes, it's inconvenient. But look, that's the reality. I mean, over 40% of Americans have side hustles. Yeah. There's a reason for it. Yeah. And the Cho, Because it's expensive, it's, as my brother used to say, that's right. Little expensive, Expensive Things are expensive these days. You got four kids trying to go to college, you got a kid, you know, all of that matters if you're in a season of life where you're trying to get pregnant and you're paying for, you know, fertility treatment, all these things. And so basically what I'm trying to do in this moment is kind of normalize the feeling that if you are in baby step four and it's a little bit tight, it doesn't mean that you're doing something wrong.


It simply means that you have chosen Yeah. A value for that time period. And it's okay. And the solution to that is, hey, maybe we bring in a little bit more money for the short term or maybe we just accept it's a little tighter right now, but it's only gonna be for the next three years. And then there's the clearing in the woods that we talked about. Alright, Ken Coleman, that good hour is it for this hour. Alright, stay tuned. We'll be back with you with more on The Ramsey


Show, Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today


From The Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and build amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Ken Coleman. We are your host for the next little bit of time together. If you wanna get on the line, you can call. It's a free call. It's also a live show. So the number is 8 8 8 Eight two five five two two five. We will get you on the line. I'm here to talk money. Ken is here to talk professional development and career growth. We've got David, who's in Palm Beach. West Palm Beach, Florida. That's my neck of the woods. What's going on David? Hi Jade. Hi Ken. Hey. So my question is, is it worth joining the military?


No, there's more that gotta be more to that question. Oh, okay. To do, To do Gimme a why? Well, given my predicament, I guess you could say my immediate family, we're not that close. You know, I know everyone has problems and we all love each other, but I think it's gonna be good for me to just, you know, get outta my hometown and, you know, potentially travel, meet new people. How old are you? I'm 19. And to the com To the extent that you're comfortable, what's going on? What, what can you tell us that that's making you wanna leave your zip code and join the military?


Well my brother, you know, my older brother, he's 22. He, you know, he's had a couple running with the laws and you know, I love him. He has a good heart. And my father, he's 65 and you know, he's talked about selling the house, you know, time and time again. And, you know, I feel like it's eventually gonna get to that point. You know, last thing I wanna do is, you know, go overseas and kill somebody. I, you know, I don't, you know, that's not, that's not my whole point of, of joining. Just wanna be able to travel and be a part of, you know, disaster relief work and humanitarian aid.


Okay. So here's, that's what I was digging into. Okay. Thanks for sharing. A little bit of that is, is, is your mom in the picture? She She is, but you know, we, my mom and my father are divorced. Okay. Since I was about I think seven. We don't live in the same household with her. My brother, my older brother helps her out. Yeah. However, it does get to a point where you can only help someone Yeah. As much as you wanna Help them. You know what I hear a young man who's craving some stability, some structure, am I right? and I think the military for you provides a paycheck to do the things you want to do. True. Potentially. Yes.


Yeah. Here's what I heard. and I, I want Jade to tell me what she thinks on this. Jade, I, I hear getting involved with a an NGOA ministry, something like that, to where he's actually serving people and providing stability and stepping into brokenness, which I think he's been swirling in for some time. And when he said disaster relief, like he, this is not a burning desire to serve our country in the military. It's not what I'm hearing. Tell me a I'm wrong. I didn't hear that either. So I, well, tell me, talk to us. I'm, I'm not very patriotic, you know, I was raised in a, you know, a religiously divided household, but fortunate, you know, for that, you know, you know, I was raised, I, I had bible study.


I, I, you know, went to my local congregation, you know, I know some brothers ancestors who've served, but for the most part, it was before they started studying the Bible. And So was I on, was I on the mark or off the mark? Is it, is it, if, if I had a job for you today and that, that you were overseas and you made plenty to be comfortable and you were serving people in a much less fortunate situation than even you've experienced, would you take that or would you take the same amount of money working in the military? Which one would you take today?


The latter. The first option you mentioned. The first option. Not the military. Not the military. Yeah. So my friend, I actually think this is a great idea, Jade. I, I actually think this is a kid who needs to change his scenery. I think so too. And at 19, this puts him right in that gap year service year, there are countries in the world where every kid coming outta high school spends a year serving their country. I, if I were president of the United States, I would institute that. I think every American young person coming outta high school, a ought of spend a year either abroad or in our, our borders serving. Because I think it's huge for their development and maturity. So in this case, because you're in a broken home, I'm all for this.


So I want to, I want Jade to weigh in, but my last 2 cents are, I would be looking at, at non-government organizations go across the, across the gamut here. Yeah. Charity, missionary, whatever. And where they're looking for a body. Somebody who just cares about people. You don't have to be super skilled and super experienced. They'll train you and I say go abroad and, and, and, and serve and, and don't limit it to just going abroad. You may find something in the United States, but changing your zip code. Love this. Yeah. I think for me, just listening to you, it was clear, it's very clear that you have things that you want to run away from and I get that. I just wanted to make sure that you had a clear clarity on what you're running towards.


Yes. and I think that, I think it's there. At first, I wasn't sure, but just listening to you throughout the call, I, I think it's there. I do think that you have a heart to serve and I think that that'll be developed more as you do this. Yeah. That was all I was looking for, is just to make sure that you're not picking anything just to get out, you know? Yeah. you have Too many options at 19. 'cause you only have to take care of you. So I don't want you going to the military and then feeling like you're stuck there. Yeah, that's Right. That's The last thing. Even though the structure would be good, the opportunity to serve is there. I don't, I just don't think that's the thing. So when I said NGO, I don't wanna insult your intelligence.


Yeah. Tell 'em what it means. Non-government organization. So the idea is there are a lot of, you know, so Habitat for Humanity. Yeah. Or you know, a compassion, a world vision, a I don't Know, basketball without borders. Yeah. You know, I mean, there are sports, there are, there's so many non g excuse me, NGOs that are doing something good around the world. And quite frankly, they're looking for somebody young. And how does that work? I mean, is there, He applies just like anything else You apply, it's like a job, like anything else. You get a decent salary, it's A job, eh, you know, decent. I mean, you know, that's, it's, that's relative. Sure, sure. Shall we say, I mean, 'cause these are, these are donor funded things, right?


So you, you're not coming outta law school and going to work for a law firm. You're going into an organization that is donor funded and it is in the relief space or humanitarian space. And so Yeah. They're not apples for apples. You're getting to travel. Yes. I interact with other cultures, Serve, travel, and, and, and escape the chaos. Yeah. And make it about other people. I Love, can you already know, I love if you can take an opportunity that allows you to get out of the United States. I think it's huge. And travel. I love it. I think that is one of, as a, as a American citizen, I think one of the most important things you can do is go visit other countries. Go visit third world countries, go visit underprivileged countries.


'cause you will come back here and go, oh my, you will kiss the ground. You walk on. Isn't that the truth? You truly, truly will. When I came out of college, I started working on cruise lines. Can you already know this? My husband and I did 92 different countries. I mean, go go to Sri Lanka, go to go to Malaysia, go go to Vietnam. Go to go to Cambodia, and you will come back here and go, oh my goodness. thank you Lord. And so I love that for this 19-year-old, I think that it's going to be a great opportunity for him to see what else is out there, to learn to experience other Cultures. Here's what what he's gonna do. He's going to find some peace. And more importantly, he's gonna find some purpose by just exploring. Yeah, I love it.


Love it. Yeah. This is The Ramsey, Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth for the visibility and control. You need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Ster program. A smart Vestor Pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade. Next to me is Ken Coleman, taking your calls this hour about your life, your money, your business, your relationship, your career, whatever's on your mind, we will be here to help. We'll go to Los Angeles, California, where we've got AJ on the line. What's going on? aj? Hi, Jayden Ken. how are you both doing Great. If I do say so myself? Yes. What's going on? Awesome. Awesome. Well, first of all, thank you guys for taking my call. I'm calling because I'm starting a real estate media business here in California. I'm very excited for it. and I have support from friends and family. Just the one thing that keeps bothering me, I guess I could say, is just a fear of ai.


I have this fear that AI could essentially replace my work and could make it less valuable. and I really just wanted your guys' opinion on it. Yeah. Be more descriptive. Gimme a 32nd description of what your company's service is going to be. What do you do for folks? Drew real estate, there we go. It, it is a new, it is a new company, but we're, we're gonna specialize in video work and in more lifestyle work for agents who sell higher end properties just to help like elevate their brand and make it stand out from the rest of the market. So It's, you're a production company and you're gonna be shooting video of their homes, the inside of the homes, outside making the homes look great, but also making them look like those big shots on those, on those reality shows.


Selling sunset selling. thank you. Yes. That, that's what you're gonna do. You're a but you're a video production company. Exactly. Okay. So ai, how is AI going to affect the video production industry? Have you done any homework on this? Have you begun to see trends? So I've just seen things where editing work is being replaced, where a lot of the, the background work is being replaced, like stuff behind the scenes. So I'm just seeing that trickle in into that part of it. Not really seeing it on the front end, front end, but it kind of worries me. Well, but let's keep playing this out. So I'm leading you down a path here. So if, if AI tools allow you to do the editing or your team to do the editing quicker and better, does that replace you or does it enhance your business?


I would say it enhances the Business. Yes, it does. Absolutely it does. If, and so what you have to look at is, is, okay, so I, I had, I had cigars with a very successful movie producer about two weeks ago, Jade. And he told me point blank, and this guy, like, he's producing the latest rock movie that's coming out next year. So this guy's big time. And he said to me and was showing me on his phone, a full movie trailer that was AI start to finish. Yeah. Not one real person in it. That's wild. All right. Now I bring this up to say, in this case, if I was an actor in the actor's unions, and that's already happening.


That's why the latest strike happened. In large part, what is AI gonna, is AI gonna replace real actors? Because if you can do a blockbuster action film and not pay an actor 20 million. Oh, That makes me so mad. It's, I'm getting angry sitting here. Ken. So AI would threaten actors, no Question. Yeah, 100%. And he told me as much, I'm getting mad. You cannot replace c create creative people doing creative things. I'm just putting that out in the, the the world understand to you. And he doesn't want to, by the way, he's not pro that. Yeah. He's just going, this is where somebody's gonna do it. It's gonna be crazy. So everybody's gonna have to adjust is what he, yeah. Alright. Now all that to Say, no one will ever connect to it. I'm just saying, I'm putting that out There to aj.


You someone's gonna have to always do the filming. Someone's always gonna have to consult the realtors on their brand. AI cannot do what a human doesn't program it to do. Make sense? Yeah. So I would run it through that instead of just letting your fears run wild. Go. Wait a second. Will the human touch be more needed than ever in my industry? and I think the answer is yes. It is. Yes. AI cannot do what you're gonna do. And the truth is, let's, let's put it through, you know, obviously AI is, is new territory for a a lot of folks, but in essence, in many ways it's not. Right. There's always been a tool available to do something easier.


That's right. And as professionals, we get to decide, are we gonna be the person who picks up the tool or not. Right? And so there's always a vacuum cleaner. Some people don't want a vacuum, so they call a housekeeper. There's always, or you, you Get that one that just droves around. Yeah, that's right. That's technology. Roomba. Yeah. And so, I mean, right now there, there, there are more apps than ever before to make, you know, digital, digital media and all that kind of stuff. But some people are like, I don't want to learn how to use those apps. So they still go to, to companies that'll do that for them. So the the point is, as long as there's tools, there's always gonna be people who go, I don't wanna learn how to do that. And you're still gonna have the available That's right.


The ability to do it for 'em. So, and here's what last point on this AI folks, for our large audience, if you learn how to work with AI and use AI and also find yourself in industries where the human touch will always be premium, then you're gonna be fine. Yeah. I like That. It's gonna make us want human more. It is Ken. It really will. I, you know, I'm a, a creative at heart. I hate the idea, I hate that I'm hearing music that is by I know Not, Not real people. I hate this idea of not real people being actors. I'm like, people need people If there's nothing we didn't learn from 2020. That's right. It's that people need human touch and human contact and humans create art.


And art is a reflection of culture. And there's, I can't understand what the world would be like if that continuum was disrupted. Yeah. Anyway, this another conversation for another time. But anyway, if it gets To that, you'll find me somewhere in my own restaurant, James, in the Caribbean serving people. Listen, Be me up Spinning yarns tell and joke Spinning yarns. All right. Let's see if Carl has a, a yarn to spend in, in, in Sacramento. Carl, spin us. Spin us a, spin us a yarn. Okay. All right. Can you hear me? Yes. Yeah, we can. What's up? Awesome. So I'm 45 years old, married, nothing safer retirement.


Regrettably, I do not own a home. Okay. So currently renting a home, I have about $250,000 in a high interest savings account. Okay. and I started a small business about five years ago, which I currently still own, but obviously getting older without, you know, any backup on the investment or even a home Yeah. Is worrisome. So I've, and I obviously, and I'm married and I don't wanna leave my wife without a home or, you know, without some resources in case something were to happen to me. Sure. Does she have resources in her name? No. Nope.


Okay. No, she's, she's same situation. She has a good job, but that, you know, that doesn't last forever, so. Okay. So anyway, so I've decided it would be a good idea to sell my business where it's at so I can start playing catch up on some of those important items. Okay. If you sold it, what would it bring? And so, So after taxes, so after I pay capital gains to Uncle Sam, I'll probably have net about 500,000 left. Okay. So Combined with my two 50, I'll be at about seven 50 liquid cash that I can deploy in one direction or the other. My first thought is, And then what would you do for work?


I'd probably go start a another business, but probably the same thing. And you wouldn't need capital for that, you could just go right to it. Yeah, I'm still gonna have a lot of the, the purchase isn't, he's not gonna be purchasing all the assets, so I'll still have some of the assets so I can literally start the same Business. Okay. And what do you think you'd earn and I, I'm sorry, I'm just trying to get the numbers before we hit the clock. Oh, No problem. No problem. Obviously, day one I would be at zero, but I think I could probably get to about, I could probably get to about 4,000 net within six months. Okay, good. I could probably within a year, I could be, you know, comfortably, you know, six, six to 7,000. Good net probably within a year. Okay. Good.


Worst case, worst case scenario, if things didn't go well, because I am pretty established in my industry, I can go work for another company if I thought things weren't really gaining traction and I could probably get a job pretty easily, making, you know, 80 to a hundred thousand. Excellent. So the question is, do you take, what do you do with the seven 50? Exactly. Yep. So I'm in, I'm in a, as you guys mentioned, I'm in Sacramento, so nothing's cheap in California. Yeah. And so just a small modest home in my area, you're looking about 550,000. Okay. Well, Nothing special, but it's, you know, it's a roof over their head. And you know, it's, and You know, the truth is you're going in the right direction. I'd wanna stabilize, that's the biggest line item on all of our budgets.


It's rent or mortgage. So I'd wanna stabilize that as quickly as possible. You've got the money if you can pay for something in cash and not have a payment, I love that for you. And start investing the rest. When you get this money together, you need to be investing 15% of your gross every single month. This is The Ramsey, Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time. We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself, so you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Hey, Dr John Delony here. Data suggests people who have amazing marriages are happier and they're healthier. But in the modern world, marriage especially a deep, intimate marriage can feel impossible. And that's why I'm thrilled to announce the launch of Questions for Humans. Intimacy Edition. These cards will help you build a stronger marriage, help you learn to feel connected. And yes, there's a lot of questions about the Oh yeah, stuff. Get yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or click the description if you're on YouTube or podcast.


You're listening to The Ramsey Show


The Ramsey Show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi. It's hard to make progress when you're trapped under an avalanche of defaulted private student loan debt about Why Refi helps you dig out and get momentum with custom refinancing that's based on your ability to pay. And a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for after 24 months. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. Remember, this may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Brad in Connecticut. Back in 2017, we tragically lost our little girl and received a large settlement from a lawsuit. We received $150,000. I am an inspiring trader in the stock market, but I'm afraid to manage an account this size. We are living off of this for income. Woo. I don't want to work a normal job. I want to use the power of money to increase my family's wealth exponentially. I would like to do what Dave would do in this situation. Whoa, this is a crazy heavy, Brad. I'm so sorry for your loss. Wow. But I'm gonna answer the question 'cause you said I'd like to do what Dave would do.


So Jade, you can edit, you can edit my best Dave response. Go Ahead. Go ahead Ken. But if Dave were here, he would have a lot of questions about how you're living off $150,000 from seven years ago. Yeah, so I got questions about that. Number one. Number two, 150,000 is not spinning, spitting off a lot of money. No, I mean, even if you're getting percent a 10 or 12% return, That's below poverty. Yeah, That's right. That's right. So, So Dave would've questions about that. A Honda, the math is not working. And this idea of, I want, I don't wanna work a normal job. Okay, don't hate that. But the next line is the most confusing in the whole question.


I wanna use the power of money to increase my family's wealth exponentially. But you're not making any money. You've been living off of a very small settlement. So there's a lot here that's just kind of contradicting. So income Is the Wealth building tool. Dave would say in this situation is increase your income because day trading is extremely risky. It is not a hobby, it is not for people who do not really, really know the game. It is highly speculative, Extremely low success rate. So we would say, go get a really good paying job, or get a good job at this point and let's work, let's, let's add skill, add experience. Let's live on a budget. Let's invest and let that work. Let that money work for you. But I don't like this plan.


Yeah. Day trading success rates less than 5% of day traders are considered successful. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And most of them quit after two years. Only 1% are successful. And I'll put successful in quotes. Successful over a five year term. That's, yeah. So e essentially it's gambling. And to do that with the money from a tragic loss would be just heart wrenching if you lost that. So I would not, I would use the money to go towards whatever baby step you're on. Yeah. And if you need more information on that, you know, that's found at Ramsey Solutions dot com. All right. Ken, let's, let's liven it up a little bit. Let's go to Ginny.


She's in Gillette, Wyoming. What's going on, Ginny? Hi, I, in 2004, I had a judgment happen to me and paid off, but one of the credit reports still has it on there. Okay. Being and is. So how do I get that off? Is it important to get off? Like, I just became debt free. So like I don't plan on using my credit. I obviously don't feel like that's important. Is it just something I should just drop? It's probably gonna fall off on its own. A lot of times those negative marks on your credit score can take some time to fall off some. Some things like bankruptcies and things like that can take up to like seven years to fall off.


So in your case, I think your credit score is gonna disappear long before this would've fallen off. Naturally. Most of the time when you pay off all of your debt, your credit score will roll to zero. Whether it takes six months or 12 months, it just depends. It's usually somewhere in that timeframe. So good. Very good on paying off all the debt. How much did you pay off? Somewhere around 120 to 140,000. Nice. How long did it take In? 15 years. 15 years. Wow. Okay. How's it feel? Amazing. I feel like I can start over again. Like I'm good. I'm 43 and I feel like I'm just starting my life over. You are.


You got a clean slate girlfriend. I am proud of you. Very good call. All right, let's keep 'em rolling. We got Holly in Columbia, South Carolina. What's going on Holly? Hi, can you hear Me? Yes, we can. Okay. Hi. Yes. Good word. Thanks for taking my call. I really appreciate it. You Bet. So we bought a house about three years ago and we thought it was just a cosmetic fixer upper, but unfortunately it's a lemon. Oh. We've been in a lawsuit for the last two years that isn't really going our way. And my question is, should I let the house go into foreclosure?


What's the lawsuit? What's, what makes it a lemon? So it has basically so much termite damage that the foundation is, is not really fixable. Our estimate to fix the, just the foundation problems, there's a lot more problems is over $165,000. Wow. Was there no inspection when you bought it? No, there was, we were lied to by basically everybody involved in the sale, including our own inspectors. Why, Why, who was gaining from this? I honestly don't know from just that we moved to a whole new town across the country.


And from what I can gather, this happens quite often here. Okay. And nobody ever does anything about it. Okay. What are the lawyers saying? Are they taking the case or are they like, you have no case. Tell us more about what the professionals are Saying. I need one lawyer who would help us. I've contacted a lot of them since. I don't know if our lawyer is really doing his job or not. He just keeps telling me it's gonna be fine, it's gonna be fine. But the judge keeps letting everyone out of the lawsuit. Is it because there's, and and I'm not saying this to, I wanna be on your side, but I also wanna look at this, you know, unbiased. Are they saying, are they letting people out of the lawsuit because they don't think you have a case?


The judge let the real estate agents out of the lawsuit because the laws are in favor of the real estate agents that they don't have to find any defects with the house. Sure. But what about the inspection company are Still, so the inspection company and the termite inspector are still technically in the lawsuit. Okay, good. Because I feel like they would be the ones at fault, not the realtor, just me looking at this from where I'm at. The Seller, the sellers are involved in the lawsuit still too. But we probably won't get any money from them. The reason I'm asking about the foreclosure is I got offered a promotion with my job, which I'm currently working remotely, but I have to go back to the west coast to take the job and I have to go by the end of the year.


And it's a significant promotion. Okay. And we don't, you're like, we gotta get out of this house. We can't sell it because it's got this damage. Tell me what you paid for the house. We paid 200,000 for the house. Okay. And if you were to sell it as is what, is it still worth 200? Because you No, nothing new has happened to the house. It's not, it's worth the land, which is only worth 30,000. Oh my lord. Okay. Yeah. This is, yeah. In addition to the foundation issues, the plumbing doesn't work. They put a new roof on it as part of a selling agreement. It's leaking everywhere.


The company didn't get a permit. If I'm you, listen, listen, based on the laundry list of things you're listing out, there's no way I'm taking a hit for this. Financially, I would fight this tooth and nail if you did a f if you did a reputable inspection as you're supposed to do. 'cause I asked because a lot of people during this crazy market have waived inspections and, and done crazy things in order to get property. But yeah, if you went through the proper channels, I would sue the inspection company because they're they're giving you their seal of approval. Yeah. And they go through these things. What's Your mortgage on this? Your mortgage payment? It's 1200 a month.


Yeah. And if you move to the west coast with a bump in pay, could you absorb that into your budget? We could stay with family two year for two years and pay off our other like student loan and car debt. I'm with Jade. I'd go get a better law. Yeah. I think there's more fight. You need more fight. You, I'd go somewhere, another town, go find some hot shot. Yeah. In some firm in South Carolina where they want to really, I mean, I I I would just get at least a little bit more opinion on on Yeah. From somebody who, who's used to winning these things. I'd fight a little bit longer. Yeah. Do not tap out on this. I I based on what, if what you're saying is true. I'm going to the mat on this one. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the live, like no one else cruises, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. This is The Ramsey Show. We're here for you, here to talk about your life and your money.


I'm Jade Warshaw. Ken Coleman is next to me. I love getting to host with my good buddy Ken. I have to say that. I appreciate that. It's always fun, always fun to take calls with you as Well. Indeed. All right. Hey, by the way, let me give you a little information here about our Ramsey trusted pros. They shop the market for you when it comes to insurance. I told George this the other day. Insurance, I understand the value of it. Ken, it's necessary. We need it. I don't like dealing with it. Oh, okay. Okay. And my family that I don't wanna be the one to deal with it. And so I love the Ramsey Trusted Pros because they do it for you. Yes. Okay. They, they compare it and shop all the quotes for you so you don't have to do it.


Your pro gets out there, they find the discounts, they bundle the deals, and they do all of this at no extra cost, which is amazing value. They'll make sure that you have all the coverage that you need and they'll make sure that you have nothing. You don't. and I remember we did a checkup the other last year around this time, and it turned out that we did, they were able to get us more coverage for less money. Nice. And so the Ramsey trusted Pros, they are interviewed, they're vetted and coached to make sure that they're experts at what they do. Okay. And they have your best interest at heart. The best way to remember that is here we teach you the Ramsey way of how to handle your money and you know your assets and that sort of thing.


And they understand that you're not gonna have to explain them. Well, you know, I do this thing called the baby steps, or here's my philosophy with money. They're gonna understand that. So that's what makes it easy. So Shop the right coverage based on your individual needs. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage, or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. And by the way, Ken, when we help people with their budgets, when we coach them on ways to find margin, this is one of the areas that we look at. There's always money here. Yeah. Whether it be you have too much coverage or you're paying too much for the coverage you have, there's usually a, a decent amount of money to be found here. Yeah. So Ramsey solution.com/coverage is where you wanna go.


All right. I wanna go to the phone lines. We got Dawn, Seattle, Washington is where she's located. What's going on Don? How you doing? Jade, how are you doing, Kim? Good. How are you sir? Well, I'm a little nervous and maybe you guys can help me out. You'd like to try. So I work for the Boeing company and for the last, going almost two months now, we've been out on strike. So I've fortunately have enough money in my bank account for four months to sit out, out on the picket line and support my fellow union members and everything. But I don't want to, you know, dwindle that down to nothing.


I've been going out looking for part-time jobs, you know, driving for like Amazon, you know, seasonal work and everything. Amazon now says, Hey, we're not gonna take any more Boeing guys. 'cause when you guys go back to work, if we won't have any seasonal drivers and everybody, I'm contemplating, you know, crossing that picket line, but I don't want to, you know, get myself, you know, into that situation. Well, what would happen? Tell me what would happen if you crossed it today? What would be the penalties or the realities? So reality is you go back to work and you're exiled from, you know, all the work.


You know, your coworkers shun you and everything like that. Mm. They shun you. They shun you. But do you still work for Boeing? You still work for the Boeing company? Do you still make the same amount of money, Still make all that money and everything Like that? Still get all the stock options or all the benefits? All the things. Everything. Everything. Except for, you know, if you are talking, you know, talk to the wrong person, you know, they're, they're not gonna help you out on if you need to, you know, if it's a two person job Yeah. Screw you. I'm not gonna sorry about that, but I'm not gonna But they're there Too. Yeah.


But what about, yeah, but what about your, what about the, what about your superior at Boeing? How are they gonna view you when you crossed the picket line? Yeah, they, they, they're trying to do our job right now. So, but answer my question. I'm, I'm walking you right into my answer. Okay. What is your superior at Boeing gonna do? If you crossed the picket line today, what would he, he or she do? How would they react to you? They, they would let you come back to work, you know? For sure. You know. Okay. They, Okay. And so what would happen, what would happen in the scenario you just gave us where it's a two man job and, and we're, we're assuming that the union member is mad that you crossed the picket line and they say, oh, I'm not gonna help you out.


What, what happens in reality with your superior if you can't do the job? Because they're pulling that start? Well, If we, if, well, in the long run, if you can't do your job, then you, you will actually be disciplined. Right. And so is there, is this a real scenario where you wouldn't be able to do your job because of a coworker not wanting to help you? It, it, It could be, yes. I mean, how much of a chance, gimme a chance. One out of 150 out of a hundred, what are we talking about? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go 50 up. 50 50, Huh? Well, I'm gonna tell you what I would do. I I, I would cross the picket line today because I like, I like paychecks.


Number one. I like working for the company, not being a part of a union where I can get held hostage. Well, by the way, you'd save some money on those union dues too, wouldn't you? Oh, no. You still have, it's a, you have to pay the union, right? Regardless of, you know, Also the entire workforce is union whether you want to be or not. Yes, Correct. Oh, well that would've been helpful information. Okay. So I'm Sorry about that. I, I wouldn't work for Boeing anymore. I I I am not a, oh boy, I'm gonna catch it for this, but go ahead, Ken. I don't care. Say you're stand on business. Okay? There was a time in America where we needed unions.


So at the, at the, I'm, I'm not gonna get into a long philosophical thing. I'm gonna say that there was a time in America when the formation of unions, they were serving a worthy cause. There was need for this. Unions have since become massive political organizations and I don't believe that, that it's the best thing for business. I don't think it's good for capitalism. And capitalism works best when you, like, you don get paid for what you do and you're being held hostage in this situation. If I, if it were me, I don't see any benefits for you crossing the picket line unless there's something you didn't cover. Sounds to me like it's a no win situation. You're gonna get paid, but you may end up losing the job, right?


Correct. And So I don't want anybody else controlling my ability to do the job. Yeah. So I'm out And the end was, yeah, I've, but I've been here for 28 years. I don't care. You got a lot of skill and a lot of experience, don't you? True, I do. Yes. I've been called up by multiple different companies too, but I would have to relocate to Louisiana and everything like that. But Don, what are your options if you don't do that? You wanna go through this again and again? I, And again, yeah. how are you? I know your answer. You've done it. How many times you done this in 20 plus years? This is my third time.


Ooh. You wanna keep doing this for the rest of your working career? Not especially, because then I'd Get out, I've got at least two more, two more times, Then I'd get out, understand that I would change my environment and it's gonna change my life. True or false. Correct. Then choose positive change. I I got nothing else to say. I know you were gonna say Something. Look, no, that I, I was just gonna ask Don, how old, how old are you? 53. Oh, he's a young man. Yeah. You got, this is just the beginning. You got plenty of time to get out there. Is it, are you married? Married? Yes. Okay. And what's, will her job allow her to uproot and is she willing to go on a new adventure with you?


She is, she doesn't work. But leaving our, our situation and, and leaving our home is one of those things that I don't know if she's willing to do. Well listen to all of Her families. I won't, I won't tell you that it's easy because I've done it and it's not easy and it takes time. But I think Ken laid out a very clear picture, which is, it doesn't sound like you have a lot of other options. And in this case, the fact that your wife is not working, that kind of creates a clear path for you. There's nothing on her end that's really stopping this from going forward. But yeah, 53, you're young, you got a whole other life.


And I would be, I'd grow weary of being a pinball and a pinball machine. And that's what union workers are. Sorry folks. It's the truth. It's just the truth. And it's unfair. It's ridiculous. Yeah. Ken Coleman said it. If you want to email him about that, you can do that at Ken. I'm just kidding. I don't touch, I Won't read it. That does it for this hour. Thank you Ken for your expertise. As always, thank you for the guys in the booth. Hey, head into The, Ramsey Network app. If you want to finish the next hour, that's where we'll be.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, badda b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.