
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people with their money, with their mental and emotional health, with their work, with their marriages, with their lives. I'm John Delony, joined by my great friend George Campbell. We are taking your calls live at triple eight Eight two five five two two five triple eight Eight two five five two two five on this incredible, this beautiful cold Nashville day. Let's go out to Sheridan, Wyoming and talk to Brett. What's up Brett? Hey, how am I coming through? Yeah, you are coming through loud and clear, brother. What's up? Awesome. So I'm 24. I just took a new job and so after expenses and rent and all that good stuff, I have about $1,300 each month left to play with, give or take.


I currently have 30,000 in student loans, but I do have a thousand dollars already saved up and I'm hoping in the near future that I can buy a house here. and I was just curious as to like what money markets or mutual funds that you guys would, excuse me, sorry. I'm curious as to like what kind of ways I should invest my money in to make this dream a reality. To be debt free and to hopefully be a homeowner here soon. Love it. Well, I'll tell you this right now, you should be investing in your freedom and that means getting out of debt as fast as possible, which then means the home dream needs to take a back seat for now. So that 1300 bucks extra. I, I don't think it's play money.


I think it's get outta debt money and we'll get to investing soon enough. 'cause you got 30 K in debt. What do you make? I can make about 47 or Yeah, about 47 48 a year. Okay, cool. So basic napkin math says you got 30 grand in debt, you're adding 1300 bucks on top of your minimum debt payment. So that 1300 is just what I have left over after all of my, because basic bills. So you still gotta make your student loan payment in that? Yeah. Okay. So or no, my student loan payment is already made. That 1300 is like once every bit of like my rent, wifi, groceries, gas, all that is paid for.


Okay. So you're gonna be outta debt at this rate in about a year and a half. Okay. I like some of That. And so, I mean that's just, if you do 1300, if you can do 1500, we will clean it up faster. So that would be my challenge to you is how much faster can we get rid of this debt to get the fully funded emergency fund to then begin saving up the down payment. And if, if I'm in your shoes, if that down payment is gonna be, you know, let's say you're gonna save up for two years, I wouldn't put it in the market. There's too much risk there. I would put it in a high yield savings account. Okay. How old are you Brett? I'm 24 years old. What's your, what's your work that you do? I'm like a lower level project manager. Okay.


I'm telling you this 20 years older than you. Okay. I'm trying to think of something cool that happened to me when I was 24. I got married when I was 24, so that was pretty cool. But before that, I can't remember. I can't even remember a dinner I went to. I'm sure I did. Or a concert I saw. I'm sure I did. I don't remember it. If you will do something for your 25-year-old self, if you would go get a weekend job or if you would leave your job and be exhausted and go throw boxes at Walmart from 6:00 PM until midnight and you did that for six months, you will owe nobody any money at the age of 24 or 25.


Yeah. See that's, I was considering getting another job. I've been looking around town for part-time work, either something like early morning, like yes, I know like some of the local gyms here are looking for some morning work. Yes. Or at night too. So there's some, there's options here that I was considering. Dude, if you will do that 25-year-old, you will be free forever. Forever. and I tell 20 year olds all the time work like crazy in your twenties. The work you put in in your twenties pays dividends in your forties. You have precious resources of that age, which is time and energy. Yes. And in a strange like superhuman way to rehabilitate yourself, I don't understand how 20 year old's knees don't hurt like mine do, but they just don't.


It's awesome. I mean, mine, mine can get pretty sore sometimes too, I guess from All, all right, well wait, your 40 bro, yourself. You, you think they do. But anyway, dude, yes. Work three jobs, work four jobs. Be give yourself a bananas challenge. Like George just laid the math out. You can be debt free in 12 months just right now with nothing changing. Do the math and see what it would take to be done in six months. Challenge yourself. You're 24 years old and everyone I like, you'll know you're doing it right when everyone around you is like, you're crazy, you need to rest, honey, I'm worried about you. Yes, perfect. But then when you hit that 25, exhale, relax. Like, it'd be, it'd be amazing. And here's what I'm promise you is gonna happen.


You're gonna find some synergy at your work too. People are gonna ask you like, man, you're like getting stuff done. Hey, I want you to come help me on this project. Like, it, it just has a leveling effect that levels up every part of your life in a really strange, bizarre way. But it's pretty cool. Are you in, Am I in? Oh yes, absolutely. I'm in. Okay. I love talking to 24, 25 year olds who are like, dude, I'm ready to burn the ships. Let's go do it. So good for you brother. There go. That's awesome. I'm Ready to, I'm ready to get rid of this stuff because they said I wanna live the American dream best I can. Excellent. And at Brett's age, I didn't make as much and I had more debt and I did it in 18 months. So that tells me Brett's gonna do it even faster and he's gonna be going places.


'cause I was still a knucklehead at that Age. I thought the American dream when I was 24 was a bigger truck. I had no idea. Like, so good on you brother. Good on you. All right, let's go to Justin in Seattle, home of Allison Chains. What's up Justin? Are you with us? John, you just broke up a bit. Oh, what's Up brother? I'm here. I think you're breaking up. We got crystal clear signal, man. What's Up? Alright, I'm 23 years old. My wife is also 22 and we're over here and we got a mortgage that we just bought on the house, like, you know, 340,000 in February.


We should have, you know, not have bought this house, but we are now in it. And now we have also car loans. So I'm calling out of getting a second opinion on some debts. Like How much money do you make, Justin? How much money do you make Right now? $60,000. You have car loans, a $340,000 house note. And how much other debt do you have? So 25,000 in car loans. About $3,500 of that $25,000 could be refunded in a warranty on the card that we just bought. Good.


Gets us down to 22. Okay. What else? What other debt? So that's all the debt. That's, that's all of our debt is is our house and the 25,000 in cars. And is your wife working outside the home? No, not currently. She's trying to do some babysitting on the side because we just had a baby son back in September. Well, congrats. Thank you. but It's not fun because you're stressed. I'm in And broke. Not fun. Diapers are a thousand dollars. They didn't tell you that, did they? Justin? What's that? Diapers cost a thousand dollars a piece. They're made a gold I think. Yes. No they didn't. A Costco runs definitely helped though. Hey, Alright, so How can We help today?


So I, we we're right up against the clock, Justin, so get right to your question, brother. I have about $3,500 and a Roth IRA that I can take out in contributions and put to towards this debt. I also have bonuses that I get each year about $6,000. I would use the bonuses toward the debt. I wouldn't touch the Roth. IRA and I would consider selling the car if you guys are really up against this. And that mortgage is more than like 40, 50% of your take home pay. This is an Onfi situation. You gotta get your income up, you gotta sell the car and downgrade. And long term you might decide we can't stay in this house And she's probably gonna have to get a job. And so not just fiddle around the edges with babysitting, but she's gonna have to open a babysitting shop in her house because y'all need income.


This is The, Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. Just about everything costs more these days and healthcare is no exception. So if you're looking at your healthcare options during open enrollments, be sure to check out Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM is not health insurance. It's a biblically based health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families just like yours with healthcare costs. CHM is affordable, aligns with your values and gives you more options for your healthcare. And you can join at any time including open enrollment. Find out more and join today at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by George Kamel Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. We're taking your calls live.


Our early Black Friday sale is here. Whether you're shopping for yourself or looking for that perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now's the time to shop and get hardcover books for 12 bucks or audio books. If you can't read like George for only eight bucks, A couple of books on sale. Money's not a math problem, is on sale right now. It's a great gift for anyone wanting to pass the to get past the We Ain't Got No Money Mentality. Total Money Makeover is on sale. You may have heard of that book. If you haven't heard on that book, welcome to Earth, it's good to see you. Total Money Makeover. You should probably get it. It's a great gift to give to anyone. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to check out all of the Christmas deals. Or if you're listening on the tubes or on podcast, you can click the link in the description.


Let's go out to the 8 0 6 to Amarillo, Texas and talk to Sam. What's up Sam? Hey, how you guys doing? We're rocking onto the break of Dawn, brother. Whatcha up to Oh man, lemme tell you, the last few years of my life has been, some people would call it Easy Street and I. I would've agreed. But if you told me 10 years ago, but now I'm, I'm, I'm struggling to find purpose. I'm struggling with, with being fulfilled. What does Easy Street mean? Well, I I, I was in the military. I did eight years in the US Navy and I came home, got a four year degree, and I made the decision. I was like, okay, if I, if I meet the, if I meet my, my eventual wife while I'm in college, then I'll settle down.


I'll start a family. If I don't, I'll go back into service as an officer. And you wouldn't say just have it. The Lord blessed me and I found my, my wife and we've been married now for six years. She is a family medicine physician and board certified surgical obstetricians. So she makes all the money. And we have three beautiful babies. I love my babies, I love 'em so much. But the Bible makes it very clear. It is not good for man not to work. and I just, I feel like the pressure is on, even though I don't need it for financial purposes. I just feel like I'm not doing anything of value, which I know is a lie. You know, raising my kids is the greatest value that I can have as, as a human being.


But 'cause they're gonna leave the most lasting impact. You know, money's only gonna go so far. But my kids can make a lasting impact on their communities, but I just don't see the return on investment right now. And that's where I'm struggling. So, man, if you, if you were here, if you and I were just sitting, if we met up in Lubbock and we were just sitting down in the shadow of the stadium having a drink, I would get up right now and I'd walk around the table and I'd give you a hug. Here's why. For some reason you believe that your value is economic, like that's it. And for some reason you have backed yourself into this corner of either or.


And none of us make good choices when it's either I gotta stay home with the kids or I've gotta leave everything and go do, like, you have backed yourself into an either or and you're going crazy. So take all clear, clear the deck, clear the whole table, you can snap your fingers. You got a four year degree. You got, you got, you got someone that you said is a great wife who's also super talented and, and her talent actually makes a whole bunch of money. My wife was incredibly talented, but she was a school teacher, right? So very different. But your super talented wife makes a jillion bucks. Forget all of that. What do you want to do? I say that's, that's, that's the part of this equation that makes me feel kind of overwhelmed.


You know, like I'm, I'm an ex, I'm, I'm an experienced writer. Obviously my four year degree was in network engineering. Hold on Sam. So I'm very accomplished with it. Sam, don't care anything about that crap. You're saying. What do you wanna do? We're impressed by your LinkedIn, I promise. Yeah, it looks great. But What do you wanna do with your life? I, what, what I, what I wanna do, honestly, is I want to, I want to get into it. I want to, I want to grab that bull by the horns and I want to take it? I wanna take it for a ride Your four year degree. I promise you. Network administration. Why are you not working in it? I was, but then when my wife said, Sam, you gotta go to Memphis, Tennessee.


Why aren't you working in it? Apologize. We didn't have childcare, okay, until like three months ago. Alright? And now I've been trying to fill application after application and I'm just, I'm not getting emails or phone calls back and it's really starting to kill my, my drive. Okay? So what you're finding out is you wanna do a thing and the road you're trying to take isn't working. Cool. Can you find some folks at your local church there or over at, at wt and go sit there and have coffee with them and ask them about it. Opportunities in Amarillo, Texas, Texas, I, I could probably talk to someone for sure. I don't know who that someone would be, but I could start asking questions. All, all you wanna do is take some, take someone to coffee.


Do You know anyone that works in it? Even Facebook friends. I gave up Facebook like 10 years ago. Okay, Well you need to find some people who are in that field, bro. You got people you Get, you got people You're in the service with that are out scattered across the country. They they are actually, and I tried getting help there and they tried to help me get jobs. But even, even there, I, I came up short, but I, I have admittedly, I have not dug in. I haven't dug as deeply locally as I, as I probably could have. And I'm not even from here. That's part of my hesitation. I'm like, they're gonna be like, who's this guy? This? Nobody, I don't know who he is. No, They're not. That's that's bull crap care where you're from, it's a story you're telling yourself. And again, it goes back to you. That's why I would've come around the table and hugged you because you're big.


The cancer here is not that you haven't found an IT job. The cancer here is you have lost purpose. You think when you checked outta the military and married an amazing woman, that there was a period at the end of your sentence. And that's wrong. It's not true. It's a lie. And so when you go looking for a job, you're going looking for a job with one foot. You're just sending out a bunch of LinkedIn profiles and you're not, that's, that's not how people get jobs. And you also, I know you had eight years in the service. You somehow convinced an amazing physician to marry you. And by the way, you didn't convince her, you're probably a pretty amazing guy.


You went and knocked out a four year degree route when you got home. You've got all of these qualifiers that tell me that you're a hardworking, good man. The only person who in your world, who doesn't believe that is you. You're not the first person that's revealed that to Me. Okay? But here's the thing. You can't manifest that belief. you have to go, you have to stand on a series of concrete steps that can only be stood on if you take action. Okay? So what So problem? So is you going Sunday school this weekend and you asking for a prayer request in your Sunday school class and saying, Hey, I'm a military veteran. I've got, I really wanna get into it work.


I don't even know where to start. If anyone has anybody, I would really be grateful if I, I would love to take someone to coffee and learn about what's going on here in Amarillo, Texas. Or if anyone has a connection down in the multiple small startups that go on in Lubbock, Texas, I want own a connection there. And, and I guarantee you somebody will call, will, will will talk to you after class. Go ahead, George, and just do your homework and research and go, what are all the jobs that I really want? What are they saying must be true for me to get this job? Okay, let me make sure I have that so that when I do show up for the interview, it's not a dud. I know exactly what they're looking for. I've done my homework, I know the company, I know the mission. I know the skillset needed. And then on top of in person, go scour the subreddit threads for it and see what people are doing, how they got the job they're doing.


Do they enjoy what they're doing? You've got a lot of homework to do and I think that will get you, get the fuel going again. Get the fire lit. Do you have a, do you have any men there in Amarillo that you hang out with regularly? No, that's, that's part of my problem. Okay. We, we moved here five years ago and I never really kind of ingratiated myself into social circles, Okay? That starts today. The most common conversation I have with former veterans is you more than anyone else on planet Earth, veterans know more than anything what it's like to be in a relationship with somebody. Stand shoulder, shoulder to shoulder with somebody who will die for you. And it's almost impossible then to come home to unhook from that level of community and connection and come home and sit next to some Ned Flanders in a coffee shop who's like, you know, like it's really hot and you're like, dude, shut up.


I know what real connected friendship looks like and what so veteran after veteran after veteran that I talked to does they just circle up and they stay inside their house and Netflix says, Hey, I, I got the next show for you. Just stay there. And so your mission right now, brother, is to go find a group of men you can go do something with, go mule deer hunting, go hiking out in the canyons, go do some stuff with other guys, and they're gonna say no. And you're gonna ask again. And they're gonna say no. And you're gonna ask again. You're gonna ask again. You're gonna find a small little gang out there. Even if you can find some folks who used to be in the services and now they're retired out to West Texas. Great man. But your mission is to go find a group of men, 1, 2, 5, 10. I don't care who will do life with you.


and I promise you there will be connections into it. Make sure the call my brother, we'll be right back.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr. Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by George Kamel. Let's go out to Panama City, Florida and talk to the great and powerful Jason. What's up Jason? Hey, how you doing? We're just partying, brother. What's up man? So my question is that I have a little bit of money for my inheritance and I'm wondering if right now is the right time to invest or if I should wait a little bit for the economy to do its thing. What does that mean? What does do its thing mean's been doing? Its s Are Its it's low and it's, it's right now it's starting to pick up. So What economy do you live in, brother? We're at record highs every day.


Are you waiting for it to crash and then get in? Well, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen with the whole election and I. We've seen it, It happened, it happened With it, with it happening, but it, I I'm, I'm, I'm worried that it, I, I've, I've already invested some money for my kids Okay. For my inheritance in the trust fund. So they're taking care of as far as them, but I'm, I'm concerned about my, me and my wife's retirement. How much money did you get in an inheritance? I got about a hundred thousand dollars Who passed away And I put about, I took, I i I used 40,000 to pay off all my debt. Okay. That was the first thing I did. I paid off all my debt and time. Wonderful. Good for You.


So, and then I had, of course I took 20,000 for my kids and I put a $10,000 into diversified portfolios with a stockbroker and, and, and then tied a trust to it so that that's their inheritance. When if something were to happen to me and my wife specifically, because I have a 3-year-old son who's special needs Do You, do you have life Insurance? So I wanted to make sure that he was taken care of. Hey Jason. Jason, were to happen. Jason? Yes. Do you have life insurance? I do. How much? I have life Insurance on myself, my wife, and both my kids. Okay. Why do you need life insurance on your kids?


Just in case. I mean, something happens to them. I mean, it's never, it's never a bad idea that My mother had life insurance on me because I, my, both my, both of my brothers passed away. One when he was six and one when he was 25. Okay. And it hit my family hard financially. So My mother took life insurance out on me in case something were to happen to me that way the funeral could be paid for. You've had a lot, you've had a lot hit you in your lifetime. A lot of trauma and I'm, I mean, I'm the last of my family. So my father, my My mother, My mother died October 1st. And that's how I got my Inheritance. I'm sorry brother. Here's the deal. You've been making a lot of decisions out of fear. I can tell there's a lot of anxiousness about, but what if it's not enough and what I need to take care of?


and I want you to just breathe, Exhale, homie, and slow Down. You're gonna be okay. Yeah. You are so far beyond what most people couldn't even spell the word trust and you've got it set up for your kids already. So let me just give you some facts to slow let you breathe. When it comes to the economy under President Trump's last presidency, the stock market was up 53%, three and a half years into his presidency. It was up 53% under Joe Biden's presidency. Three and a half years in it was up 50%. So basic math says over seven year period, the stock market went up 103%, it doubled. Correct? Right.


And I'm not a guru. I don't have a crystal ball. My guess is we're gonna see the same thing happen over the next seven years. We're gonna see about a hundred percent return and I Think it's gonna go half. I think it's gonna be worse than that. And you know what, what's fun about this is you still win. It doesn't matter, like me sitting here trying to predict it, George, like it Doesn't, we don't time the market. And that's what you're trying to do right now is go, well, I wanna wait till the right time. I wanna wait for a crash to invest this. I wouldn't wait. I would invest now. And what you'll see is over time, the sooner you invest, the more money you're gonna have later, the more time compound growth has to work. Its magic. And so I would, I don't know what headline you're looking at or what stock you're looking at, but I'm looking at the s and p 500, the largest 500 companies that largely represent the overall US economy.


And that's, you know, when you invest in a mutual fund, that's largely what you're investing in as well, the top companies. Can I give you some a, a, a different perspective, Jason? Well, I mean, what I was, what I was worried about was it is rather than putting it into the stock market, should I go into CDs that are a little bit more secure, but with less interest? If you wanna lose money secure, Yeah, you, you'll lose money against inflation. Okay, let me, let me, can I throw something else at you, Jason? Something totally different. You, you got a hundred thousand dollars and you paid 40 grand of your debt off, which left you with 60, you took $20,000 and created a trust for your kids, especially a special needs trust for your 3-year-old.


Right? So that leaves you with 40 grand. Do you and your wife have a house? Our house was a gift from my father-in-Law. It's paid off. Okay, So you have a paid off home. Yes. You have an emergency fund. Is this, you have an emergency fund where you are now your own bank? No, I don't. I don't, No, I I we only make about 30, $37,000 a year because I'm, I'm a stay at home dad. I'm a caregiver for my son. Well, listen to me. So I don't really work. You now have $40,000. I want you to put it in a high yield savings account and now you have six months, if anything ever happens, you've got six months of, of taxes, bills, groceries in an account that you never have to borrow money again.


and I want you to look at what you're actually solving for. What you are trying to solve for is you're trying to look at a crystal ball and see what's gonna happen in 35 years. Because you're still in the backdrop of the pain of losing your mom, of losing your brothers, losing your dad. The one thing you have never had in your home is peace. And instead of trying to solve for the next calamity coming, which by the way, they're gonna keep coming, that's just life. And it sucks. It is. I want you to solve for peace so that when those things come you, you don't have a care in the world, you can just focus on being sad on grieving.


Because right now you have, you are in a financial position that very, very few Americans are in. And that is, you don't owe anybody anything. you have a paid for house. You now have six to eight months of cash in the bank. That's just yours, period. Nobody can take your house away. Nobody can take food off your table. You see, you see what kind of position you're in, Right? That is peace homie. I would solve for peace. And your, your main breadwinner in your house makes 37,000 bucks. That's not gonna be enough money over the long term. You'all are gonna have to figure that out. But right now y'all are safe.


Okay? Do you get what I'm, you get what I'm getting at? Yeah. I would not invest any of this extra money. That's me. That's My concern is my, my my my the main bread wear isn't making enough and I, I run my own small business selling stuff at farmer's markets to try to make it extra money. But in three and a half years, I'm only at, I only make about $10,000 a year. Okay? So let's quit that job. Anything that's literally just dumping it into re re into the company, I don't even pay myself. Yeah. So That's, I've never paid myself. That's, it's been a hobby and we're gonna stop that now. You're tired, I can hear it on you. You're exhausted. You're playing whack-a-mole with the next anxious thing that pops up. Let's just stop. Let's just put the, let's stop putting quarters in the machine and quit playing.


Does that sound, if you hear my voice, does that sound good? We, yeah, I mean, I mean, I'm just, I'm, I'm, it's, it's, it's, I do a lot. I know. I mean, I haven't be honest with you, I haven't grieved for My mother because I know you have, I have too much to do. I know you, I have too much to do, so I know. But here's the thing, your body's grieving whether you stop and do it or not. So, So, so I'm just, I'm never, I've never stopped. I never stop, man. I'm, I'm going nonstop. That's, That's, I know what to do. And as my friend in Simkin says, if busyness is your drug, rest will feel like stress. And right now you're medicating with whack-a-mole. You're medicating with busy stop tonight. It's the weekend.


I want you to, you're about to come up on Thanksgiving for the first time without your mom. I want you to write mom a letter tonight. and I want you to tell your mom how much you miss her. and I want you to tell your mom in that letter what kind of dad you're gonna be, what kind of provider you're gonna be, and how you're going to give peace to her grandkids that, that she'll never get to meet. Okay? You're burning your hole through your home right now with your anxiousness. I want you to relax. You're safe right now, dude. You gotta pay for a house. You got 40 grand in the bank. you have a small account set up for your kids future, man. You got life insurance on everybody.


You're so far ahead of the game, my man. Now you gotta turn and sit and just exhale in the sadness. And that's part of the part of the deal We gotta make Jason, well again. And then this whole thing will take care of itself. And then we gotta what's to deal with the money? We'll have to deal with, you know, how are we gonna, like, we don't make enough money to eat and what job am I gonna do? Am I gonna go back to school? We can figure all that out, but right now we're gonna exhale, we're safe, we're gonna grieve mom. Then when the new year rolls around, we're gonna figure out what comes next for our family. Thanks for the call brother. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, I've never done this Before, before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, the Employee Benefit Research Institute recently did a study asking how many people have a million dollars saved for retirement. According to their research, only 3.2 of Americans have a million dollars or more in their taxed advantage accounts like a 401k and IRAs, 58% of Americans have less than $10,000 saved their retirement accounts. Dude, that That's dark stuff That's, I had no idea it was that bad. Six 60%. Six outta 10 Americans basically could, could do a month and a half in a retirement home. That's it.


As a listener of The Ramsey Show Are you on track with the Baby Steps to reach your financial goals. Here's the deal. Take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan just for you. Simply head to the show notes, click on the link titled, Are you on track with the Baby Steps and complete the free quiz. If you are one of the six out of 10 of Americans that have less than 10 grand, there is a light for you. But you gotta get on it, right? you have to, you gotta begin to act differently. George, that would, that would freak me out. That would scare me to death. Yeah. And people think it's a life sentence. They think their, their DNA inherently has this in them where they go, well, I'm just gonna, I'm a broke person, John. Yeah, you can change, you can just snap your fingers and go, I don't wanna live like this. I wanna change my family tree.


I don't have to retire broke. And so this quiz will help you start to take the next step, figure out where you're really at. If You, and if you just look at man, basic demographic data, this same six outta 10 who have less than 10,000, I'll go as high as 70%, 80% that are, that are fragile. It's about the same stat that are living paycheck to paycheck. But also everybody knows that there's, they're ringing the bell saying, Hey, your social security is gonna be less than, like, we're, we're not solvent here in the next 10, 15, 20 years. Yeah, by 2034, they're gonna reduce the benefit by 27%. There is a, It already wasn't that high.


It's a slow car crash coming. You gotta be your own financial plan. Act Today. Act today, act today. Check out the show notes, Are you on track with the Baby Steps. Complete the free quiz. Stare down this anxious moment in your life and begin to do something different. So it's go out to Stanford, Connecticut and talk to James. What is up James? Everything above the nose, John and George, how's this day finding you? Excellent. The same. What's up? Excellent. I need some advice. We're gonna try a little bit carefully because I am trying my best to thread the needle with my mother-in-Law. She keeps giving financial and career advice to my family, specifically my wife, that do not work for our family situation and really do not work in 2024.


So James, you do not have a problem with your mother-in-law. She is your proxy war. you have a problem with your wife. I, I I would think that you are probably correct. I am worried that my wife is going to listen to her mother. My my mother-in-law was able to raise four children in the Midwest through the eighties and nineties without working. She, I don't believe has ever worked a 40 hour a week job in her life. She couple of days, you know, helping out at this nursery school, couple of days here. So what do you disagree on with your mother-in-Law? What does she want your wife to do? Stay at home?


Well, yes, basically all of the advice that she's giving involves things around. We have two children under six and it's comments along the lines of, you know, when both the kids are out of daycare, my wife works as a daycare teacher as well. When the kids are out of daycare, you can leave that job and just teach music lessons. I make 60 an hour teaching music lessons and that's great, but that doesn't make up for the income that we need in order to live where we do. Okay? Here's thing, James Children who, who I have the greatest mother-in-Law, who's ever lived? She's amazing. and I expect my mother-in-Law to give the advice that she sees fit for how she wants the world to work.


I, I acknowledge that too. But when it comes to the life that me and my wife have to build for ourselves, she doesn't get a vote. And so your, your mother-in-law can say whatever she wants. Good for her. That's awesome. It's amazing. She's not the problem here. The problem here is, is you and your wife are not on the same page. And so it doesn't do, it doesn't matter what your mother-in-law's saying. It matters that you look at your wife and I and your wife says, Hey, I wanna stay home. And you say, we can't afford to do that, or we can, but here's what it's gonna cost. you have to sell the car. We can't live in this particular house or in this particular neighborhood.


Yeah. And at this point, we're having to have this conversation about every six to nine months or so. And I've tried showing my wife the math and that it does not work. So James, I'm hearing your wife wants to stay home. If she could have it her way, she would stay home. Is that true? I think that she gets the impression that She is working to pay for daycare and nothing else, and that once the children are out of daycare, that that need might disappear. And then she wants to stay home. I think so I think part of it may be a byproduct to, that's the home environment that she was raised in. So she has seen it work, but that I don't think is realistic or sustainable.


I Want you to reverse engineer y'all's dream that you decide together. And that might mean, okay, here's the math of it. We can't do this right now, here's why. But if she says, Hey, my dream is really, I wanna stay home and you wanna support that dream, then you go, let's do the budget. What's it gonna take? Okay, I need to do this, this many more music lessons. We need to do this. We need to cut our lifestyle by this to get in a financial place in order to do this. So I think you, she's the wow, you're the how and you're going, we, well, we have no way to actually accomplish this. But then there's also the part of, you don't want this to happen right now. So this is really, like John said, this is between you and your wife. She wants to stay home. You don't want her to stay home. And you take the mother-in-Law out of it. Yeah. You keep crafting all these stories and imaginations like, well, it's probably because of this.


And maybe it's, but it doesn't matter. Just forget all the story parts. Just sit down and look at the woman that you've made humans with. Look at the woman that you said I do till death to us part, like what kinda life do we want to have? What do you want this house to feel like when we get home every day? How much are you making a year, James? Just, just you. Just myself. About 60,000. And are you doing music lessons full-time? No. Mother-in-Law does music Lessons. My wife No. She is a music teacher by trade. Okay. What are you doing full-time? I am a program director for a medium sized nonprofit. Okay. Okay. So I think we also need to go, okay, if this is in the future, my wife's staying home, we're gonna be a one income family.


What changes do I need to make? What education do I need to get? What career moves do I need to make in order to sustain a good life for my family? And that's the part that I think scares you is this involves you having to change too. Or at least it, it involves y'all having to have a truthful conversation about, Hey, what do I want? What do I, what do I, what do I really want? I really wanna work at this job. I love my nonprofit work. and I know I make half of what I could make in the, in the, in the for-profit world, but I feel valued and loved here. And then your wife looks across the table and says, I really want to stay at home with our kids. I see what happens in daycares. I want to be with our kids. Okay, now we have a desires challenge.


Both of us are being honest. Both of us on the table now, we're just gonna look at the at at math does not care about what we want. Math is just math. So let's look at the math problem we have here. And maybe it's for three years I'm gonna stay at this nonprofit, but I'm gonna work an extra job so that you can stay home. 'cause I know that's important to you. And maybe it's, you know what, for three years I'm gonna keep working at daycare. 'cause at least I get to see the kids half the day. And we're not netting a lot of new income. But this mission that you're called to at this nonprofit is really important. But now y'all are actually talking substantively. You're being honest with one another and you're putting your hearts and minds and souls on the table like you promised each other you would at your wedding. And your mother-in-law doesn't get a vote.


But right now, when your wife says, well, my mom says that I, that's her knowing if I, she just tells you what she wants, you're gonna blow by her with a spreadsheet. And when your wife says something and you go, well, it's just your mother-in-Law speaking, that's you not being able to say, I really love my work. It means something to me. Do you get what I'm saying? Let's just take Mother-in-Law to the equation. Let's just talk directly with your wife. Is that possible? Yeah. Yeah. Most of the time You sound like a, actually you sound a lot like me brother. You sound like a spreadsheet guy. You can pull up a spreadsheet and you can make the math work. Or you can be real honest about it not working.


I want you to sit down with your wife and talk about emotions and feelings, which is may be a scary thing. Here's how I feel about this. Here's what I want. I feel like your mother-in-Law has a seat at our table, at dinner table. I feel like your mom has a seat in our bedroom. I don't want her in here anymore. I want it to be us. What world do we want to create? thank you so much for the call my brother. This is The Ramsey Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals.


Loaded with over 7,000 hours of RAMSEY shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus, you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people with their finances and getting out of debt. We help people do work that they love and we help people with their relationships and mental and emotional health. I'm John Delony, joined by George Kamel. We are taking your calls live at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Let's go out to British Columbia, Canada and talk to Allison. Hey Allison. What's up? Hi. I have a quick question for you guys, and it might not be a short answer, but Let it rip. Go For it. Yeah, it never is, right. So my husband and I have about $3.2 million worth of debt total.


And most of that is in our business, but some of that is personal. And I'm just wondering, is it better to focus on paying personal debts before your business debt? I have a friend named Denny and he can help you change your identity. I think he should hook y'all up. Alison. Alison here's, I ha I hate, I'm like, am I the first one to tell you this? It's, that's all personal debt. Yeah. You guys signed the dotted line. There's no like magic businessman who gets to take the brunt of this. Yeah, that's fair. What's this debt, what's the business? So it's a medical practice that my husband and I own. Okay. Are y'all physicians? He is. Okay. I am more of an office manager.


So how are y'all working through it? Are y'all, are y'all making enough to pay your bills? Are y'all working to pay this thing off? How's it, how's the, how's the business working? Like We got it a hundred percent fully financed from the banks. So we do have a big loan from them, but we are able to make our payments every month, which is great. What's the debt service on that? I'm just wondering What's the number for debt on that? What's The total payment? What's your payment every Month on 3.2 million? What are you paying to lenders every month? Total? Ooh, I think it's around 30 k. Woo. And what is the, what is the practice bringing in between you two and profit? So our profit at the end, like we've only owned for about two to three years, but the profit every year that we've gotten is about 250 to 300.


And that's after all, all the bills, all the loans, staff costs, everything is all paid. So you guys are essentially, your gross income as a household is 2 50, 300. Yeah. But then we have to make all the debt payments. But that's your take home. Well, that's not what we take home in our personal account. We, we pay ourselves as contractors and so we only pay ourselves about 12 grand a month. Okay. That's my, and we keep, are you saying your profits are after making this $30,000 monthly payment? Yes. Okay. Okay. So how many debts are there total if you split everything out? So for our business, the reason I split it up is because they're in separate accounts and they're also taxed differently.


But yes, it is all, all kind of one number. But for the business it has $2.6 million worth of debt. And then the rest of our debt is all personal. Okay. So what is the other 600? So for the personal stuff, so my husband, because he's a physician, he graduated probably five, six years ago from school. He has 300 K worth of student loans that he has to pay back still. Okay. And then we have 20 K for our car, two 15 for our house that we still owe. And then I have 4K from, from my schooling as well.


Okay. So your question is, what's the best way to tackle all of this? Yeah. Like where, where do I start? Is it more important to focus on paying personal stuff off or business stuff? I know it's best to kind of tackle everything it wants, if you can, but Numbers. Well, I mean just big based on the sheer numbers. If you just do the debt snowball, that would be your student loan first, then the car loan, then his student loans, then the business debt and then the mortgage would come later. Okay. So mortgage mortgages always last. Then The mortgage is a baby step six item. So you can consider this kind of a consumer debt. I mean, 2.6 million that's trumping all these other debts. It's gonna take a while to pay this off.


Yeah. So my guess is you probably have the mortgage knocked out by the time the business debt is knocked out. I'm hoping you guys continue to make more, take home more and use more to tackle the debt. 'cause right now Well that's, that's my question. You're Bringing home 150 grand a year. Are, Are you paying each other 12 each, each of you 12 grand a month or just as a family? Y'all are taking home 12 grand a month As a family. So we, we do split income. Okay. Because I manage the, the medical practice and he physically works in the Practice. Okay. So we just pay ourselves six grand each. Okay. Gosh man. He's the most un So are, is his reimbursement capped in Canada? I'm not really sure.


That's a good question though, because I know that we can claim capital gains but that only comes like if we ever sell. Yeah, no, that's not, that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about like because of the medical system y'all have in Canada, is there a cap on what he can charge per procedure or which procedures he can do? Or how many patients he can have? Can he work on Sundays? I've heard there's a cap for physicians that after you make a certain amount of money, physicians just take the next four months off. 'cause they can't make any more money. I'm not really sure how that all works. I'll have to to ask my hus husband about That. Okay. If, if y'all were in the United States and you had a medical practice Yeah. I would tell you there's what y'all need to earn more money. Yeah.


'cause paying off $2.6 million with $200,000, that's gonna take you forever. Yep. Right. What's that? Is that 13 years? Like y'all gonna have to make more money and all, all of your nurses are gonna want raises. Like everything's gonna go up. Right. And so like that's expensive. I just don't know if y'all can do that in Canada. Well we just hope that interest rates go down and so we pay less interest on our loans. Oh sister, you have a, you have an adjustable rate loan on this thing? Yeah, we do In Canada. Is it every five years? They adjust the rate I think. I think it's every five years. Yeah. That's Not on mortgages. That's on all loans.


Not on all of them. That's only with the business one, which is the, the 2.6 Mil, which is the giant one. This new Segment is brought to you by Dr. Butler's hemorrhoid spray. Yeah. Because I now have hemorrhoids Here. Here's some basic math for you. On the business loan, you pay 260 grand a year, it would still take 10 years and that's 260 grand of extra money beyond all of your bills that you can throw at the business debt. Yeah. So that's why we're saying we need to drastically get our income up. I'm guessing there's no way to get out of this. Like, I mean, even if you sold the practice, you're gonna lose a T to the tune of a million bucks, I'm guessing. Yeah. Yeah. There's only one way out then. And that's to increase income and decrease expenses both in the business and in your personal life.


Okay. Which means vacations are off the table. We're not getting any more car loans. You may wanna sell the car and downgrade. Truthfully, it's such a small percentage of this debt. Yeah. I would just pay it off and keep the car. He's working Saturdays and probably being the only doctor's office open Sundays for a half day on Sunday. Like, like there's just not a way. Y'all just dug yourself a humongous hole and so you have to just get a, find a way to get a big shovel. Yeah. Yeah. We'd have to try to find another doctor to hire and work with us part-time or something like that. Potentially. But you gotta make sure that works. 'cause that doctor's gonna come in, They need a hefty salary into Salary, right. So he's gonna have to, or she's gonna have to earn beyond their weight, right?


Yeah. They need to bring in 600 grand a year to get paid 300 grand a year, right? Yeah. And it may be that y'all do with one less nurse and you and or your husband has to pick up some administrative duties that most fancy physicians just just pawn off on their nurses. But I, here, here's what I would do in order number one, as George said, I would split off the personal stuff. What's our take home? We're making 140 grand a year. We're gonna pay off our consumer debt and we're gonna hammer this student loan when it comes to the business. And I'd find out what is your cap in the medical system that you guys find yourself in Canada. And then I'd figure out ways to increase drastically the income of this practice.


Woo. I couldn't sleep with that much debt. John, I'm so sorry, Allison. I hope you guys get outta this unscathed.


This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives who we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the great Jean Noel Thompson. He taught me how to be a dad, a husband, a professional, and how to balance caring for a bunch of people all at the same time. We all know of somebody else we can be grateful for, but there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're surviving, that we're moving forward, and that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything's gone bonkers, it's not always easy. So here's my reminder to thank the people that you love. Thank the people in your life and thank you. Sometimes we need some professional help to talk to somebody. Trained to Help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at any time so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. And guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean, I love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend and I. Wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending, and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar, you can customize your budget however you want.


So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter Wonderland, EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending. Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony. Let's go out to, oh, I'm joined by George Kamel. Thanks John. I'm here too. Happy to help. I felt you kicked me under the, the desk. Blessed to be a blessing. I don't even know what that means. Let's go out to Cincinnati, Ohio and talk to Eric.


What's up Eric? Good afternoon. I hope everyone is doing well. We are running a scam here called a podcast YouTube show. Man, we're doing great. How about you Couldn't be better. thank you so much. It's Awesome. What's up brother? So fun. So fun fact, I've heard about you guys back in like senior year of 2012. Heard all about the baby steps and from years on I've been on and off, on and off. and I, hate to say it, I haven't been really committed to the, the whole thing. It wasn't until this year when I almost got evicted that I well evicted from my apartment that I decided, yeah, I need to change. I need to be dedicated, I need to be devoted.


So I am for real this time going through the seven baby steps as we speak. There You go, man. Drinking the Kool-Aid. Finally. Yeah, so I've art, I've been completed baby. Step one. I have a thousand dollars currently saved up. As of last week, I've paid off the only debt I ever had, which was my medical bill. And I'm currently ready to start baby Step three. And this is where my question comes into play. So I did my own little research about where to put that a thousand dollars I have and two things keeps popping up. One is a money market account and the other is a high yield savings account.


Good research. My Question, so my question is, which of the two overall would be the better choice for me as well as what situation would one be better than the other? I'll tell you what I do, and most folks out there following the Ramsey plan, they're remarkably similar. The money market versus the high yield savings, the money market may have an extra benefit. Like you can write checks out of it, it might come with a debit card, but outside of that, they're a savings account. And so I, I have a high yield savings account and you know you're gonna get some still really decent interest rates. You're talking over 4% with some of the good ones out there. And that'll help your emergency fund stay liquid, grow at the pace of inflation, and it's there to protect you.


It is insurance. It's not an investment. So we're not trying to make money off of this thing, but we also wanna keep it somewhere safe. That's FDIC insured doesn't have any minimum balance and monthly fees and all of that. So those are the boxes you wanna check when it comes to a good high yield savings. Okay. But also it's a thousand bucks, man. So you can drop it in a local credit union. Like I don't, don't step over dollars to pick up nickels as my friend Lane Norton says like, Don't go chasing the nick. Well, it's 0.1% more if I move it here. So I would just choose one and stick with it. Yeah, over complication's gonna be your enemy at this point. Let's keep things simple man. Right. So, so which comes to another thing, is there like any place I could look at to see like which would be the most beneficial place to put the thousand dollars?


'cause the one I currently, the Bank of Coaf, I worked with USAA, been in there for like over years or since I joined the military. And they do this thing where it's like a 0.01%. So if I leave it there, I'm only getting a penny a month. No. Yeah, that's terrible. You can do better. So there's a balance here. And so we've got a great partner called Fairwinds. If you go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY, they've got a bundle just for our RAMSEY listeners. I've got a partner on my YouTube channel called Laurel Road. You can sign up at laurel road.com/george. That's the one that I'm using. John and Jade and Rachel, they're probably all using different ones. But the key here is you want it to be FDIC insured with a minimum to no fees. And you can get that money easily And probably a good ans a good question you might ask is yes, George and I both put our, our emergency funds into online high yield savings accounts.


I'm, I'm pretty old school. I like to go to my local bank. I still like a brick and mortar like bank for my house stuff. But I do have my emergency fund in a high yield savings account. Okay. And the reason they're is simple. They have less overhead because they're online. They don't have all the brick and mortars, they don't have to cover as many bills and hire as many people so they can pass on their savings to you in the form of a higher interest rate. But me, as my wife says, being born in the wrong century, I still like to shake the hands of my banker. I wanna see their face. So that's Just me. So I have both, I want to bank with a local bank for my checking account and for my high yield savings. I'm fine putting that online knowing that I'll touch it, you know, once or twice a year.


Okay. It's interesting that you say that because I do have two banks. I have one bank for like general purpose, my second bank where again, that's where my thousand dollars is at. and I was always gonna, thinking I was looking for a third one to pick my thousand dollars and let that No, you Don't need to Overcomplicate, you're gonna get too complicated. Too many. Yeah. You're gonna be like triple stamping. A double stamp, just minimalist. Just yes. A checking account with a good local bank, a credit union's a great option. And then for your emergency fund or you know, short term savings, we'll call it one to three or 40 years a high yield savings account with an a great online institution is great. I mean, credit unions can sometimes have great rates too. They're amazing. Yeah. Yeah. So, Hey, can you do me a favor, Eric? Yes, sir.


This is kind of impromptu in front of, I don't know, several million people. You cool? Yeah, that's fine. Will you do like an impromptu debt free screen if we count it down? Okay. You just, you you paid off all your debts, right? That's correct. How much debt was it and how long did did It take? It was around 500 bucks. It was a medical bill. You, you owed 500 bucks. It's a long, it's a emergency situation. No, that, that's the, that's the smallest debt I've ever heard paid off. That's amazing. This Could be a world record, smallest debt free scream ever. How long did you have the debt for?


Oh my goodness. I've had this since, I want to say December, if not January. Wow. Dunsky. Alright, so Eric making a hundred million dollars paid off his debt of 500 bucks in it. Take you one month. It did. Excellent. Count it down dude. Let's hear your debt-free screen, Eric. Alright, I am debt free. That's right. Where go. We got the music And everything Even God, There we go. Hey man, we celebrate the, we celebrate the big ones and we'll celebrate the $500 debt-free scream.


That's because here's the deal, freedom is, freedom is freedom, right? And it comes with a promise. You gotta promise not to go into consumer debt ever again. I promise, promise, promise, promise. Because you're following this Ramsey plan now after ignoring it for 12 years and it's about to change your life, man. I wanna set you up for freedom. We're gonna hook you up with my book, breaking Free from Broke as well as a year of EveryDollar premium so you can budget your way to that emergency fund and investing and everything beyond George. How many people do you see get to this stage and begin to try to over sophisticate things? The amount of complication we try to do, because it seems too simple. We're like, no, it's gotta be more complicated to be smart and efficient and great. and I'm going, no, if you look at Dave Ramsey, who has more, he has enough wealth to, you know, feed my family for 17,000 generations.


He owns mutual funds in real estate. Yeah. He doesn't have a crypto wallet. He doesn't have 17 offshore accounts. He doesn't make it over complicated. And that's what I found. It's the people that don't have wealth that wanna over complicate it. The ones that do have this dirty little secret where they go, yeah, I just, I have a savings account, I have money in the bank, I invest in the stock market, I own paid for real estate. And it's always amazing to me that when you get around those people, they have a different energy about 'em. You're Expecting more, you're like, no, but wait, there's a secret. No, but it's this, it's just like my, give a crap. I took it apart and I eBay, all the parts, like, I, I just like, if you're around Dave, just like when we go hang out, right? When we go to this barn or we are out traveling, there's just an air of like, yeah, I don't care.


And it's because I, I've just in a complicated life, right? I'm gonna, I'm gonna do the things I gotta do to make things as simple as possible. And you and I both have been hit up by the, by the Instagram finance bros that are like, oh yeah, you pay off your 3.2% mortgage and you could get 4.8%. It's like, bro, I'll and I used the word arbitrage and then a puppy stops wagging its tail. Exactly. Oh, It's Exhausting. It's like, yeah, get The whole life policy and then you can borrow against it and then you need 16 credit cards to maximize the rewards. And I'm going, dude, listen to yourself talk. Exactly. Sound like a crazy person trying to maximize your freaking rewards to get an extra 1% arbitrage to pay for that first class flight. So you can take a picture of it and post it to your Instagram.


It's exhausting. Yeah. You know what I have, I have a, an Olympic wrestling mat in my living room that I just wrestle with my daughter. I'd rather spend my energy doing that. That's, that's a flex right There. Or like, Hey wife, let's go for like a two hour walk tonight and let leave the kids rather feral. Let's just go spend time either. What A thought. What if you could build a life that didn't exhaust you Yeah. That you were and exhaust Everyone Around you, you were excited to, to wake up and be a part of. Keep it simple. Gosh, All for peace people. We'll be right back. Hey guys, George Kamel here for Delete Me. I saw a headline the other day that made me squirm one third of the US Population's background info is now public. We're talking 115 million Americans personal info out there in cyberspace for data brokers to buy, sell and trade like Pokemon cards and data theft happens all the time.


Data brokers get your info, like your name, address, phone number, even your kids' names. And then boom, it's available to online bad guys. But to that Delete Me says not so fast. That's because Delete Me finds and removes your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites and they send you an easy to read report showing you exactly what they did and how much time they've saved you. What I love most is that delete me reduces the risk for scams for me and my family. Not to mention that we get fewer creepy ads and robocalls. So it's time to take control of your online privacy, their individual Delete Me plans start as low as nine bucks a month and you can get 20% off if you go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Folks, The Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big.


We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000. Enter our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony. Joined by George Campbell Triple eight Eight two five five two two five The Ramsey Show question of the day. This is a spicy one brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans.


Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay kick your private student loan debt out of your life forever by going to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. And this may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Meg in Maine. I've been an avid follower for 20 years and I'm debt free. However, I'm facing a bit of a challenge and would love to get your advice. I travel quite a bit now that I'm semi-retired and I've been considering getting a Travel Points credit card. My plan is to charge my travel expenses and large purchases, then pay them off immediately.


I feel disciplined enough to handle this without carrying any debt. Plus the idea of earning points and not carrying so much cash is appealing. But here's the kicker. Despite having a credit score of 8 33, I've been turned down for several credit cards since I haven't used one in many years. Do you have any suggestions on how to approach this situation or any alternatives I should consider? I think you should get a credit card for points if you hate widows orphans and those who are struggling to pay their bills. Whoa, John shots fired Hot. Hey, what's going On here? So I remember I was, this is not for Ramsey. I was moving across, I was moving, I was taking a long move and the plate, the business I was moving was would pay reimbursed my move.


It was a whole family, one of the big old monster trucks. But I had to front it. And so I thought, oh man, I'm gonna open up a credit card and with points on it and I'll make just free points 'cause I'm just gonna turn around and this new company that I'm working for is gonna reimburse me for the move. So I did that and I remember getting a whole bunch of free points for opening the card. And then I got a whole bunch more points for this massive amount of money I spent right outta the gate to move my whole family. And then it, I was literally driving down the road and I remember thinking, wait a minute, the credit card company's not my friend and the airline company's not my friend.


Like, they're not hooking me up. Like, bro, you spent money with us, we're gonna hook you up. Somebody's paying for this flight and somebody's paying for these hotel stays. And when I dug into it, that's when, to my horror, I realized, oh, it's not the companies, it's not the credit card company, it's not the airline, it's not the hotels that are paying for these rooms. It's the single mom with three kids who just left an abusive relationship who is struggling to feed her kids, who puts this credit card in and then her boss cuts her hours and she gets a $50 late fee or a $39 late fee, or her a PR goes from 13 to 29% in one month.


She's paying for my flight. Or the single dad whose wife just passed away. And like they're scrambling and scrambling. He opens up a credit card after out a desperation and then he misses a payment and it balloons on. That guy's paying for my flights. And it it all of a sudden got very gross for me. Like, I don't wanna be a part of this system. I travel, you and I travel a lot. I travel all the time all the time. I'd rather pay for my own flights or work out a business arrangement with a company that's paying me to come speak for 'em than ever think I have some single mom who can't put food on her table, pay my bills. Mm. And it just got gross for me real fast.


Yeah, I mean there's a, there's a, you Did some research on this, right? There's A mortal argument to be made. Yeah. My book Breaking Free from Broke. Here's the, the quote from, from the book, A 2023 study by the Federal Reserve. They set out to determine who pays for these credit card awards. And the results though expected are alarming in the report, the Fed said we estimate an aggregate annual redistribution of $15 billion from less to more educated, from the poorer to richer and from high to low minority areas widening existing disparities. Simple. And Here's, it gets worse, John, as they dug into it, families with household incomes below 40 grand are less likely to even qualify for these rewards, but they're more likely to pay late fees and additional interest.


The family's making a hundred grand or more obviously more likely to have access to these reward cards and less likely to pay late fees and interest. So it's not saying you're a bad person if you use the the rewards, this is not like a moral argument to say John is a better person than you. I mean, I'm kidding. I'm not. But John sleep, John Sleeps better at night because of it. I I I, yeah. And can you play the game? Sure. Is it worth the 2%? Let's say you spend 25 grand. I mean, is it really worth that amount to you? Well, they put huge font cash back. Yeah. Right. Cash back. Well, and then, and they go, well it's points now John, it's not cash. Oh, it's point. What's a hundred thousand points? I don't know. It's like Chucky cheese. You spend a hundred gr a hundred dollars at Chuck E Cheese to get a thing that's actually worth $7.


Right? So you get like a, like a cool monogrammed Bluetooth speaker like, 'cause I got a hundred thousand points For it's no name brand. Yeah. It's all, you get some, you know, one of those sticky hands. Yeah. And a pack of gum some, and you're like, I spent 20 bucks for this Refurbished like new balances. Right? So can it be done? Can you be super disciplined and beat the cyst? Sure. I don't think it's worth the brain calories and the energy and the money spent to try to do it personally. And if, if you, I mean, geez, I don't wanna make it a moral issue, but I, I wanna call these programs to task. If you like the idea of somebody's of wealth being redi distributed from the least of these in our communities to pay for your flights and hotels.


Knock your lights out for me. George just got gross. And again, we could line up the things that, that I need to work on. I'm not a better person than anybody, but in this one particular thing, this is just a hot button issue with me. Yeah. The, the banks aren't your friends. The credit card companies aren't your friends. The airline companies are not your friends. They're running businesses. They would not be giving you these flights if it was, if they weren't making that money up somewhere else. Right. There's an, there's an old saying in the internet world, if you get online and you log in and you have to put your, your email address in for free and you get a product for free, you're the, you're, you're, you're the product.


Right? They're you, they want you. Right. So it, it's similarly asking that next layer question, who's paying for these flights? Actually, who's paying for the advantage? I just think I got 'cause they're not hooking you up like your friend or your neighbor. Well, when you think about this, let's say you do spend 25,000 a year on travel. I think we'd all agreed that's a lot. That's a, that's a, someone's traveling a lot with 25 grand a year and 2% it's 500 bucks. You could put 40 bucks in a savings account every month and give yourself the rewards. Yeah, absolutely. And so you're never gonna convince me because of humans being emotional creatures that psychologically you're not gonna spend $500 more on that card over the course of a year because you're going, well, I'll get some points.


Might as well get the nicer flight. Well, and If you, if you fly, like, like if you fly Southwest or America, you fly these companies all the time. You get flight points for participating. Yeah. I'm okay with that. Right, because they're marking up that your ticket and they're gonna give you a piece. That's fine. If I fly 25 times the Southwest, I'll get a free flight. Knock your Lights out. That's fantastic. That's awesome. It's that next level of, hey, my gasoline, my Snickers bar, my whatever your haircuts, which is a, I mean that's a lot of money. I'd get some serious cash back. But instead, here's what I do with my haircuts, John. I pay cash and I get a discount. I know. 'cause we used to say barber, he gives the cash discount. Exactly. So I'm like, well I'm making more by paying cash than by swiping my card. Which by the way hurts the small business owner.


Right. 'cause they've gotta now pay the 3% fee or pass it on to you all to get my 2% cash back. So either way, you are not the one winning. It's the card processing companies. It's Visa, it's MasterCard, it's amex, it's Discover, it's Southwest, it's Delta. And these are not evil companies. This, this is how they do business. Yeah. And you need to understand how they're marketing to you. There's a reason they're always offering you, Hey John, you're so wonderful. Here's more line of credit. We're gonna give you an extra $5,000 in credit that you can spend. You're telling me psychologically I don't get the dopamine hit that tells me I am winning. The banks love me. Yeah, they Love you. So I, I I, I dunno, as for me and my house, we solve for peace.


And if I can opt out of a system, I like that. Yeah, I like that. That this is truly how we love people think. Well they just have to say that on air Dave secretly, no, you can check his wallet, you can check any of our wallets. There is not a single credit card to be found. And it's not because we're scared of Dave finding out. It's because we truly have no need for them. Just opt outta the system. Once we started following the Ramsey plan, we're like, oh, we can just use our own money and have freedom and control over our life. Great. Sign me up. Screw the rewards. It's just, again, where's going back to simplicity? Where that T-shirt Screw your rewards. I like the one that says go fund yourself. That one I'm still trying to get as part of Ramsey merch. That's Fantastic. Yeah. I don't know that Dave's gonna go for it yet.


He could. I like that though. What? He's not Here a lot on the Show. Just imagine if America said, go fund yourself. Go fund your own retirement. Go fund your own credit card rewards and America would be a better place instead of making banks and lenders richer. If you Made a shirt that said go fund yourself, and I made one that said, that gives me hemorrhoids. You and I would both, We'd be billionaires America would buy those T-shirts. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back. Well, it's decision time again. Every year during open enrollment, you have the chance to check in on your insurance and make sure it's right for you and your family. Whether you have health coverage through your job, a private company or a government program like Medicare, you don't have to figure this out alone.


We have reliable folks we trust to help you get the right coverage for whatever stage you're in. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash health dash coverage. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. I'm John Delony joined by George Kamel. This is the raddest thing I think I got going on in my life right now. Me that's sad. And Dave Ramsey launching a brand new tour this spring called The Money and Relationships Tour. It's gonna be gone. So, oh, that is Rad. Yeah, that's Wheels off. This is a, so this is a very different event than we've ever done because there's no like talks, there's no like scripts.


You guys are gonna riff based on what the audience wants to hear. Is that right? It will not be They vote. Yeah. It won't be like two one hour lectures. It will be chaos. It'll be a blast. It will, yeah. The audience gets to vote on what we talk about. And Dave and I will have spent the last six months like researching and digging into these topics and then we'll spread 'em out and say, all right, y'all pick from this menu. What do you wanna talk about? Wow. I think Dave's accidentally starting an improv troupe. I never thought this day would come. This is amazing. This is as close as we're gonna see to Dave doing improv. Yes. It's So you guys are heading out to six cities. Six cities. So Louisville and April 21, Durham and April 23rd. Atlanta, April 25th, Phoenix, May 5th.


Fort Worth. Fort Worth. Texas. Texas. Y'all gotta show up for me. May 7th and then Kansas City, May 9th. We're gonna be there live. We're gonna talk about relationship dynamics, your marriage, your kids budgeting, financial goals, whatever you got your, your voice will drive the night. Get your tickets at relate Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour by the way, great Christmas gifts. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Dude, I, I was telling somebody on the audience, I just a little bit, I don't get nervous just being on stage with Dave for two and a half hours and letting it rip. I'll impromptu, I'll Probably be a little puckered up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I might show up to like the Atlanta one just to see what, what the heck happens there. You can bomb with some questions from the audience and That'd be amazing.


That'd be real fun actually. I'll put on a fake mustache. That would be hilarious. That'd be amazing. But then we'd all find out that, well actually you have a pretty nice beard going. Thank you. That Looks good. I haven't shaved in seven months. This is all I got. It's Barely a five. It's like a four o'clock shadow. Couldn't even make it to five. No, It's a moon shadow. My face just gave up. Let's go out to, let's go down the street to Nashville and talk to Michael. What's up Michael? Not a whole lot guys. What bunch of stuff? We're just running the scam out here. What's up man? How can I help? All righty. So got a question. So me and my wife have finally got to the point to where we paid off all our debt and we saved up a pretty good amount of money and we actually came into a pretty good amount of money as well on top of that.


And we ended up putting a big down payment on a house. Now unfortunately we, I didn't wanna be in a scenario to where it took both of our income to pay the mortgage and I. I'm a big farm guy, I had to have land. So we ended up with $300,000 in debt now on a home for 30 years. And, but I did pay my, my rates down to 5% and like I said, I paid off everything. I have $10,000 and to a emergency fund. I have 6,000, or sorry, six months of payments ready for any, any time.


And right now it's currently only taking like $3,000 of our money to pay all of our bills. And we grow anywhere between 8,500 to $9,000 a month. So my question is yes, I know I went with a 30 year note. Would it be better just to pay double payments or literally take everything I got and just keep dropping it in there until I get it paid off. So you said your bills are how much per month? Total expenses About about three to 3,500. 3,500. Okay. So you've got plenty of margin to the tune of, you know, five grand a month. You could just chunk at the mortgage and then you have how much?


Yes. You said you came into some money. How much is sitting there outside of your emergency fund that you could use? Outside of my emergency fund, I have, well I put everything in the three categories. I got 10,000 into emergency fund and I have just over 22 just for six months of, of everything. I'm gonna call That your emergency fund. So let's get your emergency fund is 30 grand. Well I, the reason I say I got 10,000 for your like, you know, vehicles, stuff like that, they tore up with that being said. So yeah, we have $32,000 and I also have just like vacation money that we put in that we have close to five grand right now.


Just that way we don't spend anything extra. So we're not gonna touch the emergency fund, we're not gonna touch the vacation money. Keep your sinking funds happening as they should. But all of your future income, that five grand a month, I would be throwing at the mortgage my friend. How quickly do you think you could pay that off? I would go crunch the numbers in a or a mortgage payoff calculator at Ramsey Solutions dot com and see for yourself how quickly you can pay off 300 grand making an extra $5,000 payment every month. It'll blow your mind. You'll be done in probably my guess four Years's Four years. That's 60 grand a year on top of your normal mortgage payment. Probably four years instead of 30, Right? Yeah, I've already done that. We looked into that. I just didn't know if it would be smarter to put half of that money towards mortgage and then invest half the other money into something else.


Money. Well you Should be investing already. Are you investing 15% of your income? No, we have not. Like I said, we, we were, so when I got with my wife, she had a hundred thousand dollars in debt and it was all school debt. She's a school teacher and I, I was big about getting that done, getting that out of our hair and we spent the last three years just hammering at all of our big bills. How much do you, how much do you make a year? Michael passed away. What's your household income? Do what now? What's your household income? Well Be, well before this year it was 120. Okay. Now it's 96 because I became, I went from OTR to local. Okay. Can, can I, here's how I hear you asking this question.


Like you're in the studio and you're standing with me and George and you just have your head hanging in Shame. Yeah. Do me a huge favor man. Like George and I. Would we sign off on a 30 year mortgage? No, I, I do a 15. That's what we recommend. You paid off all your debts. You didn't go crazy. You bought a $300,000 house. George and I both live in Nashville. We both recently bought places. I don't know where you found a 300,000 house, but God bless you and your family and your grandkids. That's amazing. You got yourself some land. You've paid off all of your debts including the a hundred grand that your wife committ me. Hear me say this dude, y'all are crushing it.


You're doing great. And how old are you? Two. How old are you two? I'm 34. She's 36. Oh my goodness. You're doing so can I do some fun math for you Michael? Yes sir. Okay, so let's say you start investing now and you do 15% of your income. That's about 1200 bucks every month going into retirement accounts. I assume you have one through your employer. I do. Good. So we'll shovel away 1200 bucks into these tax advantage retirement accounts in 23 years. That puts you at 57. Correct. You're gonna have probably $1.4 million in that one account. Okay.


And by the way, 23 years from now, your mortgage payment has been gone for like 20 years, which means you probably increased your investing and you've had freedom for the last, you know, two decades of your life. And So you bought your neighbor's property and the property next to that one and the property. Like Do you see how it changes your options? You're a great man And so you've set yourself up for that kind of future because of the hustle and grind. You just spent the last few years doing so I know you're tired, you're worn out, you're like, what do I do now? We got the money. Don't know. You think You did something wrong? Should I do 17 things at once? Just follow these steps, man. 15% of your income to retirement, anything beyond that, throw it the mortgage and let's be done with it. Set a goal for let's say five years. And if you're like me, okay and I, I have like a kind of an obscene allergy to owing somebody something.


I just, I, I hate people telling me what to do. and I hate owing somebody hate it, hate it, hate It. It's like an bitch you just can't scratch. Yeah. So sit down with your wife and say, okay, it's gonna cost us three years of some B-A-N-A-N-A-S living, but we're, let's just do this and get this thing over with. Alright, 38 years old, that's fine, but you have to work weekends, Saturdays, whatever. And we're gonna keep, we're just gonna GNA on this thing and GNA on this thing until it's gone. If it goes beyond three years and y'all can't figure out a way to do that, just exhale and just say, okay, when I'm 40 I'm gonna have a paid off house and make peace with yourself and go hunting tomorrow morning when the season opens. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, you have done such a good job man. You should be proud of yourself.


Yeah, I am. And like I said, we, so my wife She is she has this mindset like me, like I'm a big avid hunter and every time I see something for hunting, like I don't, I don't splurge on anything. I mean You sound just like junk. I Have the money to buy anything I want but like I'm the type of guy that I'll duct take my boots before I have to go buy new One. Well don't do that. Enjoy your life and have a good time. And also get this house paid off. For all of you listening to the show on YouTuber podcast, it's about to end head over to The Ramsey Network app and the party will continue. Go to the show notes and you can watch the rest of the show on the app for free. We'll see you soon.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bat A bing, bat a b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.