
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Ken Coleman number one bestselling author, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Open phones here at eight eight Eight two five five two two five. thank you for joining us. Liz starts off this hour in Mobile Alabama. Hi, Liz Welcome to The RAMSEY Show. Hey, how are you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? Me Too.


So I am with someone very committed that I find out he's not filed tax, he's been having taxes taken out of his checks and things like that, but he hasn't actually filed in about 20 years. Hmm. And I'm trying to figure out the rest of my life, basically, because we're, we're very committed. He is 10 years older than I am and wants to retire, not where we currently live. And I don't really want to go because this is where my job is and I'm not ready for retirement. I still have about 10, 10 more years before I can retire. And I just know that once I leave there, leave here, then I have to start over.


So a little advice maybe. Okay. I don't know. I mean, how, how do you feel about planning your future with someone that's in jail? Not real confident about that. Yeah. I'm pretty confident that's where he's going. Yeah. Failure. A little worried about it. Failure to file federal income taxes is a federal crime. Twenty five hundred and eighty one people were incarcerated for that last year. Okay. It's go to jail. Do not pass, go do not collect $200. So, I mean, Mr. Off the grid or what the ever the flip is going through, his redneck brain is about to have a serious problem.


And to the extent you're connected to him, you're gonna have a serious problem. They will catch up with him. Okay. With, they're not good at a lot at the IRS, but they're really good at collecting taxes. Okay. So why has he, why has he pray, tell not filed his income taxes? I am not 100% sure of that answer. I just know that there was a history of no job. And then, so he didn't have to do that, obviously. But then when he did, I don't, I don't really know what the thought process was there.


So I can't, I can't answer that one. 100%. It sounds like there wasn't a thought process. That's what it sounds like. So I know that he's okay. There's a, there's just a lot of red flags there. I need, if you were my little sister, I would just tell you to rethink whether you're gonna be committed to this guy. If he is going to clean up his act Yeah. And get caught up on his filings. You know, maybe he now maybe that would entitle him to your attention. Yeah. But he's not entitled to your attention right now. 'cause this is not a good guy. I don't, I don't think he's evil, but he, he's really slothful This is dangerous.


This is dangerous. Liz, Liz, if he's willing to withhold information from the federal government, and Dave's made it really clear what the consequences of that looks like. He's what pray tell is he willing to withhold from you. It's Just two pray tells in one call. I know. I sorry, that just, that just jumped into me. It's such a great phrase. Liz. I gotta, I I I, I think Dave was really crystal clear with you, but I would dump this guy until he cleaned his life up. If he will not get current on his taxes, that's a deal breaker for me. If you're my little sister, I'm gonna make you do that. Okay. Okay. Now, if he wants to get current and not go to jail, I can actually walk him through that. And I'll give you a little quick overview because now that I've stirred this up, there's other people sitting out there going, oh God.


Yeah. Okay. So here's what he can do. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com, you can get in touch with one of our tax endorsed local providers. And if you'll proactively go to the IRS, you usually can file about three, maybe four years worth. Okay. And they will call, they will let you get back on the grid and there'll be no criminal charges. The criminal charges do not occur when people come to them. I've never seen anyone get criminal charges that were, we, we walk them out of the, out of the dark, into the light, into the IRS office with a professional and get 'em caught up.


Okay. That, that he's gonna be okay if he does that. But if they find him and he's trying to hide Oh, it, that's when you get in trouble. So he can get with a tax professional, probably file about three years, maybe four years worth. They will call it even, they'll call it a day. And he, he's gonna have to go back, dig up his w twos and figure out what's been withheld. He may not even owe a lot of taxes. He may have had so much withheld that there's actually money due to him. Well, not with the penalties and interest he's gonna get. But anyway, you see what I'm saying? Okay. It might not be a, it might not be a hundred thousand dollars problem, but it is a problem.


It's like a big deal. Okay. So he, he, if, if he's gonna date my little sister, Liz, and she, and ask her to commit to him long term in the form of marriage or something, long term, big brother Dave is gonna say, Uhuh, unless you're willing to get current on your taxes and stay current, because I don't want my, my little sister, Liz married to a jail bird. Yeah. And God only knows what he gets her twisted into too. I mean, I'm not trying to just pour on here, Liz, with the things that could happen, but this is so bad. and I don't like the idea that he wants you to move, start over fresh. I mean, there's just, this relationship is really jacked up and I think a pause is necessary. I really think this is a relationship issue is all this is, this is a money issue.


It's not your problem and it shouldn't be your problem. Yeah. and I, it's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna be, it's gonna show up in a whole bunch of places here. Oof. It's gonna be a problem. It's funny that you say that, Dave. 'cause the IRS loves when you come knocking on the door, they love to collect your taxes, but boy oh boy, they get mad if you haven't sent it in. Oh man. They Will turn it into a, Oh, I'm, I'm one of their favorite hobbies. They've got their own office here auditing me. They just live with us. But, but, you know, I hate those people. But, but, and I'm not, I'm not like a proponent of, you know, like I think the federal income tax system is a wonderful thing. I don't, I think it's horrible. I think it's an outta control. Yeah. Or arcane horrible process.


I'm, I'm not, not any of that. But I'm just saying, when you don't file taxes, it's not, you're making a statement about them. You're making a statement about you. That's Correct. Yeah. We love our freedom more than we hate taxes. And so that's the issue here. Well, it's a matter of, it's a matter of integrity to do what the law says, even if you, you disagree with It. I agree. You know, so that, that You should go to jail if you break The law. Yeah, that's, yeah. Oh, be careful, Liz. Be careful. You've been warned hun. And now, you know, open phones here at triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. By the way, that what's tied to that is this Tom Stanley that did the book Millionaire Next Door many years ago.


He is passed away since it was 1992. He did a book later on billionaires. And the number one character quality he found among the self-made billionaires was integrity. Hmm. That's kinda like the opposite of the spectrum of Liz's guy. Yeah. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years, and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle. They created just four RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/


Ramsey.


Guys, our early Black Friday sale is here. Whether you're shopping for yourself or looking for the perfect gift to help someone get their money in order, now's the time to shop. Get hardcover books, all our books, $12 each audio books, only $8. Money's not a math problem is on sale right now with Jade. Be sure you check that out. Total money makeovers on sale right now. You can buy a bunch of these right now at a deal and they make great stocking stuffers and, or just straight up gifts. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Tis the season baby. Click the link in the description. If you're a YouTuber or you're on podcast, it'll take you right in there and you can get these deals. There's great deals right now, the best of the year, of course, like everybody does. But these are the, these are great bargains.


Patrick is with us in Denver. Hi Patrick, how are you? What's up, Dave? I'm good How about you. Better than I deserve, man. How can I help? That's good. So I'm 23 years old and I have a loan. I owe my parents $10,000 right now. For what? It's an interest free loan. About $8,000 is for my car that I use for work. I'm a farrier. And then about $2,400 is for a few previous months of rent that I needed help with.


Okay. So I, I asked them to forgive, forgive the loan, and they got upset with me. They said I was ungrateful and they that I needed to work harder. And so I was already kind of on the hunt for a part-time job so that I can a second job so that I can pay off the debt quicker. Good. But, so right now I'm a, I've got about 25 clients as a farrier. So I trim and shoe horses. Right. So what is, what does a 23-year-old ferrier with 25 clients make in the, in Colorado?


What kind of money you make? Well, So like before gas and tax and supplies and all that good stuff. I'm probably gonna make about 15,000 this year. So not very much at all. Probably like closer to 10,000. That sounds more like a side hustle than a job. Right, right. and I. So I really anticipated just being able to grow my business quicker, which is why I was more comfortable getting these loans. Like, they're not huge loans, but what's That's, what's your question, Patrick? How, can We help you?


So I asked my parents to forgive the loan and I and they got upset with me. You Told us that. And like I had, I struggle already with my How upset did you ask? No, I said you told us that already. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. That's okay. So like, how do I, the thing is, I I, my parents, I didn't go to college. I became a farrier and I'm the youngest of five kids and my parents have given my other siblings help with college. Right. And so that's why I was comfortable asking them to forgive the loan. Okay. But, well, I guess, I mean, you're probably gonna tell me just, just get a second job and pay it off.


I'm Gonna tell you, get a real job. Yeah. You already have the second job. $10,000 is not even survival money, dude. Right. Do you, are you a farrier because you love horses? I do. Yeah. Okay, then how does one make 40,000? How does one make 60,000? How does one make $80,000 working with horses? I don't know the answer. You probably do. Correct. Right. And so that's why I asked for them to forgive the loan. No, This is Not be marketing. I'd be, listen, listen, we need to quit talking about Patrick, Patrick, Patrick, stop wet. Don't need to talk about forgiving the loan.


They're not gonna forgive the loan. They told you to go get a life and pay 'em. So let's go get a life and pay 'em. Answer Ken's question. Why? What does it take to make 40,000 or 80,000 screwing around with horses? Well, you can make good money as a farrier. If, you have a lot of clients. You need like a hundred or more clients. And I really market. you have 23, you make 10,000, a hundred would be 40,000. And that's gross, not net. That's still not good money. Yeah. The answer, the answer, Patrick, is not to double down and say, well, I'm not good at marketing my services. Well, that's a lesson that you've now learned and Dave's right? So what you do have is a decent side hustle.


But the answer is, the question is what, what, what must one do to get a 60 or 80 or a hundred thousand dollars job working with horses? We're creating a ladder here. Also, the answer should be, well Ken, I would have to go work for a large ranch and I would start out here and a lower level ranch hand is gonna make 32,000. I'm making this up Patrick. But you know the answer to these questions. Or you could go get the answers and you have now got to get serious to say, I've got to take care of myself and I can't even take care of myself on 10 to $15,000. So go get up the next level or the two or three rungs up the ladder in, in the horse industry. And if you can't do that, get into some other type of thing.


The Ranch, while you're thinking about all that, just go to work for Amazon 40 hours a week and yeah. Throw boxes or or FedEx and go, that's right. Work 40 hours a week and throw boxes right now. 20, $25 an hour. Yep. And go make $10,000 right quick and hand it to your dad. Okay. Yeah. I'll Probably go be a stripper. Okay. Oh, that'd be great. Yeah. The fer. A farrier stripper. Fantastic. That's a, that's a novel idea. That's great. So he's got DA whole different motif for tripping. Apparently he's got the clothing. I guess he's, I guess he's got the chaps. Oh, you're killing me here. I Know he did it. Yeah. This kid's not serious. No, you're not. That's Not a serious answer to what we just, were trying to, I think I know why your parents are angry with you, Patrick. Yeah, I'm kind of getting the understanding now.


Yeah. Well I'll just go be a stripper. Oh, brother. That, that's not even funny. Really. I mean, it's just weird. Gross. Okay, so go, go get a job honey, and make you some money. That's the answer to your question. Alright, Open phones at Triple. Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Ellie is with us in Rockford, Illinois. Hey Ellie. What's up? Wow. Hi Dave. how are you guys doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? Awesome. So I have to say, first of all, our son introduced me to you a while back, and we live completely debt free mortgage and everything, and you have changed our whole family's life. So thank you so much for that. I'm proud of you. Way to go.


Yeah, the the question is, so my husband's job is relocating us for the next two to four years, and there is potential that we will continue to relocate every two to four years until he retires in 12 years. The house that we are in right now, it is paid off, but we're in an area that really never increased with the market. So it's probably only gonna go for 150,000. The houses in the market that we're moving to are gonna be more in that three to $400,000 range. And that is gonna mean that we would have to go back into debt if we choose to buy a house. The job does provide a $3,000 a month stipend, an increase in his wages as well as overtime.


So all of that together makes it worth the move. Okay. So we're kind of trying to spend the next 12 years maximizing what we're doing to get to a good spot in retirement. But Dave, I gotta say, I've done the beans and rice once already. I don't wanna live in a beans and rice apartment, so I Don't blame you. My Question is, should we buy a house or should we rent when we're moving every two to four years? Probably in most markets you're gonna be renting. Here's how you can do the equation. Okay? Ask the real estate agent to run some numbers in a five or a 10 mile radius of where of the neighborhood you're looking in, in the new city.


Okay, here's the numbers you want. I wanna know in the last three years what the average rate of appreciation is. How much your house is going up. 2% no percent. 10%. Okay. Okay. The second number I wanna know is called DOM average days on the market. Okay? And those numbers will run together. Okay? Here's what it'll sound like. If you hear a zero or a 2%, you might hear 270 days average on the market. That means it's not gonna go up in value, and it's gonna be hard to sell that neighborhood you rent in. If it says we're going up 10% a year for two years, or three years, or four years, and the average days on the market seven, well, you're gonna make some money and you can get out of the house.


If you get those two statistics, they'll tell you mathematically whether it's worth buying or not. But you don't want a slow market and you don't want a non appreciating market. You're gonna lose money on a two year or a three year horizon. For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's real-time, insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. thank you for joining us America The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi Refinances defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal student loans. Why Refi refinances your defaulted private student loan and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So kick your private student loan debt outta your life by going to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states. Today's question comes from Hayden in Wisconsin.


The NFL draft is coming to my city next year, and I own a house close to where it will all be held. People in my neighborhood are renting their houses out during that time for upwards of $10,000, have an opportunity to make enough money to make a huge dent in my credit card debt. I'm 27, I earn $95,000 a year, and I have about 30,000 in debt and have been working hard to get out of baby Step two, it is my stepdad's dream to attend an NFL draft. So he and my mom have already assumed they can stay in my house for free. My heart is telling me that the money doesn't matter and I will pay off this debt without this opportunity. But friends are telling me that I'm foolish for not telling them no and renting the house out. What would you do in this situation? I'll tell you what I would do.


I'd tell mom and dad what's going on and go, I'm renting this house out and it is going to massively change my situation. I would love for you to stay in any other time for any other situation. My house is your house, but I, I hope you understand and, and hope you guys can get a hotel and maybe it's 30 minutes out. I hope you find something, but I would actually tell mom and dad, I'm renting it out for the 10 grand. Wouldn't even blink. I, I completely agree. I was wondering what you were gonna say. I completely agree. The only thing I'm wondering with some of this wording is If, you have absolutely already decided before they asked that you were gonna do this. Yeah.


Then Ken's answer is correct. If they asked and then you thought, ah, you know, I could, I could probably do 10 grand, I'm starting again. You know, it's like, eh, but I I, by and large, yes. Just tell them they're gonna have to stay somewhere else and it doesn't, it doesn't crush his dream. Yeah. If he wants to go to the FL draft, go to the NFL draft. It's really not, it's not that big a deal. I mean, and I can't believe people are paying that. Well, we had the NFL draft here in Nashville. I just, I think it was three years ago and I took my boys down. I'm, I'm friends with several guys in the NFL network and they showed my boys the red carpet and they got to go behind the scenes. But Dave, it was unbelievable. Were, but Were people paying people $10,000 for the week and night? I Don't know what the rental was, but I can tell you that the streets were absolutely packed and it has become a massive event.


I believe it was in Kansas City last time we're talking hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people were on the street. The Broadway, a Nashville, the main road on actual draft night. It is a massive thing. So it's kind of like a golf tournament. Was It Milwaukee? Probably. It'll be in Milwaukee. Milwaukee. That's where he is. Okay, Well no, that's not true because they, they do it in NFL City. It'll be in Green Bay. The Green Bay Packers. Okay, well now lemme help you then. So now it's gonna be a real shortage of housing And that's why they're getting That. And that's why they're gonna get the, It's like Augusta, everybody in Augusta, Georgia does, It's a little town and it's a one time thing. Yeah, yeah. You're gonna get, he he's gonna be driving in. Yeah, I agree. Or stay 30, 45 minutes out. That's what I mean. He's gonna be driving in. Yeah. Okay. I got you. See you. Yeah. Yeah. Papa Papa's gonna be driving in.


Yeah. And by the way, where are you going Hayden? Yeah, No, You're not going to draft. You're leaving town I guess, huh? and I guess going to Vegas for the weekend. I don't know, but yeah. But yeah, you gotta figure out what you're doing here and don't go blow the 10 grand while you're gone. I love that he wants to knock this debt out. Love this idea. And if you can get a windfall of cash because of that, that's awesome. I'm In, Camille is in St. Louis. Hi Camille, how are you? Hi, how are you Dave? I'm Welcome to The blessings and I'm just, I feel like you're the preacher to my soul for finances and thank you for that. Amen. Bless your heart. How can We help. Amen. Yes, my baby brother, God bless. I love him with all my heart.


He co-signed on a vehicle with my father and unfortunately our father passed away. Oh no. Yeah, he was my best friend. The original loan amount for the car was over 55,000. So there's been no payments since his death. And my brother said, well, when I sat down at signing, they said was anything happened to dad, it would be paid. I said, they lie, you didn't read the fine print. I told you not to do this. So on and so forth. A settle company sent him something in the mail saying that they would release the lien for a settle amount of $8,400. But I'm reluctant 'cause I'm like, are these people even legit? How do I, like what do I, what do I tell them to do?


Yeah. Yeah. There's a tiny possibility that these people, while they were ripping your father and your brother off with his car loan, that they put credit life insurance on this loan, that if your dad died, the life insurance would pay off the loan. These are the type, and by the way, credit life insurance is ridiculously expensive. A horrible product. Never buy it. But I got a feeling these are the type of people would sell that to your dad and your brother because they sound like people that are an easy mark for a con. And so your brother might have heard them, right?


They might have said this, this credit life right here will pay off the loan. So I want, first I want you to investigate with the lender what, whether there was credit life insurance on the loan. Okay? That's the first thing you do. You call the, the lender and you ask them that. Or you have your brother do that. They won't talk to you because not your name's not on it. Okay. And then if it is, if it is not, and he can settle it for $8,400, that sounds like a bargain. Where's the car? It's in his possession. It's literally right outside the house. It's parked. He starts it once in a while. He's scared to drive it in case he gets pulled over and it gets impounded. He says, I have no way of getting it out. So it's literally just sitting there and I'm confused as to why it hasn't been repossessed.


Me too. They probably just don't know where it is. I mean, I mean it's 2020. So doesn't it have all these newfangled tracking devices, blah, blah. I know, but they don't know where it, I, I don't know. I mean, sound like they're not hunting it down too hard. If you can settle a $55,000 debt for 8,400, we wanna do that. What he would do is call them and get, he want that, get proof that they are the holder of the loan. Who is the settlement company? Okay. Do are they the actual person I should be negotiating with? And are they, do they, okay, do they have the title to the car? Are they okay? You know, send me proof of the debt. And if he gets proof of the debt and scraped together $8,400 and gets a $55,000 car for that, that's gonna not be bad.


Okay. Okay. But I got a feeling he's got credit life on this thing. So if he did though, why would they even want 8,400? Shouldn't it just be Wiped away? Away? 'cause they didn't look at it. They didn't have they they have but 'cause they're incompetent. Mm. Okay. Okay. Credit life. I'll look into all those things you mentioned Thank, you so much Thank you darling appreciate you calling. Wow. The co-signing thing. People always do this as if everything's gonna work out perfectly. And in case you haven't lived long enough, I got a clue for you. Nothing ever works out perfectly. Nothing goes exactly like it's supposed to go ever.


And co-signing, I, I've done it and I've had people do it for me. And it's stupid. It's just dumb. It's even in the Bible that it's dumb. Proverbs 1718 says, one lacking in sense co-signs for another. God just said, you're lacking in sense. That's pretty strong. Yeah. It's no wiggle room there. Yeah. So don't co-sign. You get in situations like this. This is a bizarre one right here. But I mean, who, who cosigns and thinks the person's gonna die? That's not one that you come up with usually. but it happens, obviously. And man, what a deal. What a deal.


So do not co-sign and do not buy credit life. Don't buy out, don't take out a loan of this type period. But for sure, credit life insurance is somewhere around 200 times more expensive than term life insurance. Dave, Real quick, what would be a default answer to a family member or friend who comes to you and says, will you co-sign? 'cause it's a tough and emotional situation. What would you say to honor them but also keep that common sense? I, I would say I can't do that because if the bank is not willing to do the loan, then there's all kinds of problems that are gonna happen. and I would never wanna be crossways with you. That's good. And you not paying something and I have to pay it would cause me to end up being crossways with you and I value our relationship more than that.


Yeah. That's Textbook. No, no. All that to say No. Yeah. No. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. And most of us have people in our lives who we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the great Jean Noel Thompson. He taught me how to be a dad, a husband, a professional, and how to balance caring for a bunch of people all at the same time. We all know of somebody else we can be grateful for, but there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're surviving, that we're moving forward, and that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything's gone bonkers, it's not always easy. So here's my reminder to thank the people that you love. Thank the people in your life and thank you. Sometimes we need some professional help to talk to somebody trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at any time so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dione to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/deone.


Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. She is in Orlando. Hi Sherry, how are you? Hi. Good. how are you Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I'll keep the question short and then I'll give you the background. Basically, I opened a new business about two, three months ago. I am not really getting any sales. I am doing like standard advertising through, I'm selling on Amazon right now. I'm doing advertising through them, social media, like WhatsApp, friends, family to try to get the word out.


and I'm still not getting anything. I'm wondering is there something that I should be doing more? When would be the time to say this is just a failed business idea and to just stop and cut my losses? What do, what are you selling? So specifically right now it's, it's a clothing brand and right now I'm starting with formal dresses for breastfeeding. I'm actually the only one that sells it. There is no one else that sells that, which makes it very, even more difficult to understand why there is no sales really. Well I can I take a stab at, well, I think, and I'm a guy but I have three kids. Yeah. I just don't think a lot of women that are in the breastfeeding stage are going to formal events and therefore there's not a lot of demand.


So from my ex, from my personal experience, that's the reason I I came up with this idea is because I had a very hard time finding this and talking to a lot of people in, in sort of the community, friends, family, they seem there seem to be a demand, there seem to be people that, women that are interested in that. Have you done any research to go, what's the market like, who's The, your sales indicate that's not so Who's the Walmart of those type of dresses? And if there isn't one, we now have a starting to get a clue, like who is the dominant player or two in that particular wardrobe sector? I Did you develop the, the product or are you selling someone else's product? No, I developed the product.


There is no one else that sells the type of product that I am selling. Okay. Alright. The short answer to your question is, there's a wonderful book and you wanna pick it up by Dr. Henry Cloud called Necessary Endings. Okay. Okay. And the, the way we ascertain whether to end anything, a relationship, a job, an employee in, in their job with working for you, close a business, move a tenant out is when we lose hope that there is an actual way to success when we've tried everything and there and we, and we do not, we cannot see a way to success.


We can't see our way to success. So lemme give you a a weird example. It has nothing to do with your question. Okay? A lady is married to a guy who has an alcohol problem. He's been in and out of the rehab three times. She loses hope that he's ever gonna quit drinking. She doesn't see a way to success. So she ends their marriage. You follow me? Yes. And so you've tried, if once you've tried everything that you know how to do to get this product out and it's not, it's not selling, then, then yes, we declare that a miss. We declare that a failed business. And it doesn't mean you are a failure.


It means that idea didn't work. And I'm, I've been running Ramsey Solutions for 32 years and the number of ideas that we have launched that didn't work are too numerous to count. We have sucked. We have sucked so many times. It's unbelievable. Okay, now you guys all you guys all know us for the things we're successful at, but we have tried and failed at so many things. So this is, this might be just one of those things that you, your heart told you this was gonna work, but your but, but your statement of there is an actual demand for this product has not, the marketplace is not telling you that if you are getting the message to ladies that are breastfeeding and they are not buying this dress, then if you're, if you're actually targeting them with your marketing and you're getting the message to them, the message is in front of them on Facebook or it's in front of them on Amazon feed or LinkedIn or whatever it is you're doing, however you're getting the message to them and they're not buying it, then the marketplace is telling you there's not as much demand as your heart thought there was.


And this is the end of the program now you might say, okay, I think I could do this or this. Okay, good. Then try those two things. And if you still don't get it moving, then you just, you don't want to get delusional and just go, I'm gonna keep going no matter what. No, no, no. There's sometimes the marketplace is looking at you and saying you missed it. Yeah, I agree. You just before you launch anything quick little lesson to anybody out there, it's worth doing research to see who's in the space that you want to be in and how many are in the space. Who's winning, why are they winning? And those are just basic things that you wanna look into so that you don't get into something that your heart's totally engaged in, but you didn't do the head work.


And that's the logical research to see if there is a market supply demand is economics 1 0 1. If there's no demand, then there's not a supply of customers. Yeah. Is the way you wanna look at That. And then the other thing is, if you're starting something like that with the way she's, she's selling it on Amazon, you know, that's her distribution methodology. So just, just buy a very, very small run. I agree. And, and set up a manufacturer that can turn 'em real fast if you get a bunch of orders. But don't, don't fill up your basement with something that's not proven and, and don't spend a bunch of money on a credit card to run the marketing with some Amazon marketing program.


Crap. Okay. Use real cash to pay for your marketing. And when you sell a dresser two, you can reinvest that cash and back into some more inventory and some more. And do this as a side hustle. Don't go all in on something that you've not proven what it's proven when people actually give you money for it. I was in a meeting this morning here at Ramsey and they were, you know, the leadership team was presenting me with this, this thing, this prototype thing we've been working on. And they're like, all the customers are just eating it up. and I went, so how much money have we collected on it? And they said, well we haven't gone to that stage yet. and I said, oh, so you figured out we can give it away. Yeah. Right, Right.


Next stage is, can we get money for it? That's correct. Oh, there's that. That's right. Oh. Oh. Then we'll find out if this, if this crap's real. Okay. That's funny because it's real when you, people give you money for it. We've seen what people do at NFL games when the cheerleaders come around with free t-shirts. It's like they're handing out gold bullion. Yeah. Grown adults are acting crazy for anything free. That's a very good point. You're very interesting. Yeah. And you know, if you, if you thought you had a demand, you gotta prove it by collecting money from the customer. That's your, that's your, that's your social proof. Yeah. That the product is, is doable and is gonna make sense. Lexington, Kentucky.


Kelsey's on the line. Hi Kelsey. What's up? Hi Dave. how are you doing? Better Than I deserve. How can I help? Good. I was calling because I wanted to know when an okay time would be for my husband and I to start trying to have a baby now and make sure that we're financially stable Now. Right now, Right now. That's what I'm saying. But he wants to pay off the house. No. To make sure that we have no debt. No only debt and No, Dave, would you be more clear with Her please? No, you need to have babies. You need to have 'em right now. Well, Not after the call. Agree. No, right now. I'll Go work on that. thank you.


No, seriously. The the thing is people have this thing in their head because the media has told them that children are so expensive, they're not that expensive. The first couple years you buy some formula and diapers and you have to pay the pediatrician's Porsche payment. But they're, other than that, well after that they start eating your food and stuff and they're really, they're really not. It's, it's this idea that you have to somehow be wealthy to raise children is absolutely asinine. Poor people have raised lots of children and functional ones too. They learn to work, they learn to clean house, they learn to be good kids. And so no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They are not, those two things are not connected.


Same thing with getting married. You ready to get married? Get married. As long as you're both on the same team and you're in agreement about what we're gonna do with money. It's time to get married. Okay. We're gonna get outta debt. You don't have to get outta debt before you get married. I, we don't tell people that never have in 30 years on this show. And we don't tell people to not have babies. Now I would say that we exception, the exception of that would be, okay, you're, you're four months behind on your house and he hasn't worked in two years. Well that's, yeah. Okay, now we gotta fix some stuff. We're in crisis mode. But I have to pay off my home before I have babies. Nah, nah. Nope. Not from this show. We never said that. No. He's gonna be thrilled with that answer.


Oh, he's gonna love us. Can't wait to see that he's gonna love us. This is The Ramsey Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals, only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds.


So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Open phones at Triple Eight Eight. two five five two two five. Ken Coleman RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author of the book, paycheck to Purpose and host of The Ken. Coleman Show. He's my co-host today. Melinda is with us. Melinda is in Spokane. Hi Melinda, how are you? Hi. I'm healthy and well. thank you. Good How can We help? I am, my question. It's about estate and inheritance. We, on our property, we, I call her my mother in love. Someone she put a a DU manufactured home on our property and we love her and she wants to leave that home to my daughters adult, young adult daughters eventually.


And it has a DMV title and looking into, she wants it to just be a very simple probate, avoiding kind of a thing. So if we, if she adds the girls' names to the title, I just wanna make sure that there's no unintended consequences. Would she lose her homeowner's exemption? Is there any risk to adding names to the title ahead of time? I don't know because I don't know the law in the state of Washington. And that's what you'd need to find out.


You won't, I'm not worried about the insurance, but because this is a DMV title, a Department of Motor Vehicles title, it's more like a car we're dealing with title Yeah. Than we are a house. And so, and car titles are sometimes dramatically different from state to state as to how they're handled. What I would, in, what I would tell you to investigate with A DMV is, is is there a mechanism there in the state of Washington that allows a POD paid on death, is what that stands for.


And so you could put it, you could put it, it's almost like the beneficiary of a policy that can you put that upon death, this transfers to your daughter automatically. And and it may be, it may be, for instance, some states allow you to do that on a bank account that a simple yes savings account at your bank can have a POD on it, a paid on death to someone and it goes directly to them then it's not a, an issue of the will or probate at that point. The but I mean the mechanics of it is that there shouldn't be any tax issues.


Does she owe money on the property on, on the, on the mobile home? No, it's paid in full. Okay, that's good. What's confusing to me is that I'm near Spokane in Idaho is she pays property tax for the same, you know, she gets the same kind of a tax bill that we do for our home. So I have Well she pays a personal property tax on it because she doesn't own the dirt under it. Right? You do. Yes. Okay. So she's not paying property tax. There might be a personal property tax on, on a mobile home in that area. That wouldn't be unusual at all. But she does not get a, she does not get a, a real estate 'cause she doesn't own any real estate Right Now.


Okay. Can I, can I, can I interfere in your situation? Yes. Don't do this. Okay. Your grown daughters are gonna own a mobile home city on dirt. You own this is gonna cause a conflict. Okay. She needs to leave it to you 'cause it's sitting on your property and then you're gonna promise her you're gonna leave everything to your kids. And so whatever wealth this represents will ultimately go to your kids. But it's gonna cause all I mean, your daughters can't do anything with it. It's sitting on your land. Exactly. Yeah. And, and I think what I appreciate about what you're saying is we are in a situation where everybody's so amicable and it, there's no conflict right now that it just wouldn't open up opportunity to Yeah.


But let's say your daughter wants to sell this thing. Okay? Okay. Yeah. Now she's gotta hook up to it and haul it somewhere and sell it. Or she or she's gonna come to you and want a piece of dirt under it given to her and then you're gonna have a next door neighbor that has nothing to do with anything. 'cause your daughter wanted to take this money and go buy a whatever and everybody's still happy and amicable, but it's just really awkward. You are, you're just begging Yeah. You're begging for conflict in this. That's so interesting. I love hearing an outside perspective on that. Yeah, it's up to you.


You all do whatever you wanna do. and I think your mother's sweet mother-in-Law Swedish. She can be, and she's trying to do a sweet thing here. But I, I personally wouldn't do that. And, and I, if I were your mother-in-Law, I wouldn't do it because I don't want to cause potential trouble between my grand babies and, and and their parents. You know, I, I wanna keep this thing clean. The cleanliness of it is a big deal. Yeah, I agree. I I just think whatever it's worth, I'd sell it and then just keep the money then eventually put it, I just keep it super simple. Well, Or if she does do that, go ahead and have an agreement with your daughter that immediately upon Mother-in-law's death, she's just gonna hook up to the thing and sell it.


Yeah. We're gonna get rid of it. Right. And turn it into money. And you take that money and that was a blessing from your grandmother and that's good, but we're not gonna leave it there and rent it sitting on having a rental property in a mobile home next door to you, Melinda. Because my guess is a land that you own that just starting to get start awkward. It wouldn't be on their land if it wasn't the Mother-in-law. Exactly. So it's like they don't want it there when she's gone. Exactly. Well, I mean, unless one of the daughters moved into it. But then you've, now we've ex you know, we've, we've continued this. So it's, it's just, there's all kinds of, you'll end up being a caller on the show later, I'm afraid. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. Jake is with us in Miami. Hi Jake. What's up?


Hey Dave. Good. Thanks for having me on. Certainly How can We help. So I just wanted to get some guidance. My wife and I recently got married about two years ago. We're doing the budget, you know, month to month. EveryDollar we're doing great. It's just, it's harder for her sometimes to cut back. And I've been doing that a little bit before we got married, so I'm a little bit more used to it and I'm a little less materialistic. I don't really spend a lot, a lot of money on myself and, you know, all that stuff. Yeah. You don don't have children yet, do you? No, no, no children yet. So That, okay. The reason is she feels like she's having to cut back to f there's no vision in this.


Meaning the two of you need to agree that we we're trying to get somewhere with the management of this money and whatever that somewhere is. We wanna save up money to buy a house. We wanna get out of debt, we wanna do this or we wanna do that. You need to have something big that you're both agreed to. A why why are we doing this right now? The only why is you put her on a budget that don't work. Alright. If she agrees with the why, she will want to sacrifice to get to the why. And you won't have to talk to her about it. I'm a spender, but it's easy for me to cut when I have a good reason. 'cause I'm going somewhere.


This is The Ramsey Show. I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am in the middle Next week? Yeah. How In the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance And it doesn't cost much.


'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com folks, the Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now.


Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ken Coleman Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Julia is in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Hi, Julia Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Hi. Hello Dave. So my husband had a stroke a year ago and he hasn't been able to work and I had to quit also to be able to care for him. And so we've gone through savings this last year. And so I'm at a point now I need to dip into our 401k and I. Don't know whether I should just do like a three month chunk.


Should I do a six month chunk? He probably will not be going back to work maybe hopefully six months, maybe a year down the road. I, I don't know. I didn't know what financial aid I should do about that. Wow. Sorry, how old is he? Yeah, Well he'll be 50 in January. Whoa. What a devastating thing. I'm so sorry. Definitely. He was definitely our, the breadwinner of the family and so it has been difficult. I can imagine. Wow. I'm so sorry.


Well, what what we always want to do is to get what's gonna get us to sustainability. And sustainability is not going to come from draining the 401k. It's gonna come from you all, someone creating an income there. So what were you making at your old job before Maybe 10,000 a year. Oh, you weren't working much. No, no, it was, I mostly was pretty much taking care of the kids. I have a college age daughter, a high schooler and an el, a middle schooler. And so I just kind of worked here and there. Well, I worked an office job, job around their schedules kind of a thing.


What was he making and what did he do? He was a computer programmer. He was a senior software computer programmer. Made well over a hundred thousand. And what you were kind of saying six months, 12 months, I mean, what are the doctors telling you about his recovery? Well, we just got approved for disability, so they definitely see that he's not gonna be going back anytime soon. He feels like he, he keeps saying that he would like to go back and he'll say three months or six months. I don't know. I mean, we would love for him to be able to go back in six months, but How Long ago was the stroke? Almost a year ago. Next time Will be one.


And how is, how is he progressing as far as his healing goes? So he's still paralyzed on one side of his body. He has a little bit of movement in one of his legs. His one arm doesn't have movement yet. He mentally he is there. He, he, he has difficulty getting things out. Like he can't type on a typewriter. He can talk or typewriter. That's so old a computer. So he has tr like he can check emails, he can't respond. It's just not there yet. He has been able to do a few little things like he has picked up his phone sometimes and been able to text.


Okay. If you were at work all day. Can he care for himself? No. No, no. I have to be with him at, at least every couple hours he has to go to the bathroom and I have to help him. So we have How much is the disability? How much is the disability? It's $3,500 a month. What does it take for you all to survive monthly? I've cut back as much as I possibly can. And you know, we're like six or eight.


Okay. But we just got approved. This is our fir Last month was our first check that we were able to get from social Security. And so this next, this month will be the second month. Okay. So that's so, so where is the 8,000 going? Help me with, you got a huge house payment? No, we have $1,300 of a house payment. I have a car payment. How much? 430 food kids are expensive. Yeah.


You know, internet. Okay. No. None of that adds up to $8,000. Well, we have, I got 1700 plus food and the kids don't get expenses. Their dad had a stroke. I know. I have a daughter in college, so we paid that. What's the, what's the tuition on that? Monthly Tuition? Actually, we just got it approved for fafsa, gave us a, it's not fafsa. The government gave her enough to cover this month. This semester's tuition.


So I'm not out anymore money now. We had to prove a bunch of stuff and Okay. Then we're not at $8,000. 'cause she gets a job while she's in school Yes. To cover her expenses. Is she living at home? Were No, no. She is in an apartment. Okay. She had worked all summer. Yeah. She's gonna have to self support. She's gonna have to have self support. Yes. Yes. She's, she doesn't have a choice. She is, she doesn't have a choice. That's where you all are. Okay. Yeah, because here, here's the thing. All right. You've guys have got to get your, your outgo within your income because otherwise you're going to burn through the 401k and then you don't have a plan.


Right. There's nothing you can do then. Okay. So we've got to do something to get incomes coming in, in addition to the disability. I don't know what that is or how that is. Yeah. I was gonna ask really quick, what, what kind of, in what kind of work did you do before Julia? I, so I have a psychology degree. Okay. and I was an office manager. Okay, Great. Great answer. Because I'm just gonna say this really quickly. Yes. you have to be anchored at home, but it sounds like to me you could put in a pretty good day there with some slight interruptions. Remote work. Remote Work right now. Well, he goes, we have physical therapy, speech therapy, occupational therapy that I take to, I probably could do Well, but Julia, Julia, you're in a desperate situation.


and I wanna be very sensitive to this. But this is where friends and family come in. You are the breadwinner now. And so we gotta have friends and family that we, we rely on if, and, and maybe the kids, one of the kids can drive and they, I mean, we gotta figure this out to get him to those therapy. But you do remote Work, you can't, you can't be in a burn rate of $5,000 a month and survive. You can be making 20 to $25 an hour in a remote situation doing off the same kind of work you did as an office manager, as organizational in nature. You could be a, a remote assistant. I want you to do the research on the type of work you could do. 'cause I think you'd be surprised the kind of income you can make. you have to make that right now. He, he's not going to be doing coding anytime soon.


The guy you described to me. No, No. He's, he tells me he is, But I know, but I, you, the guy you described to me is not No, I he Can't even, he's not even sending an email back. So not yet. I hope he is. I hope he heals. I hope the right therapy kicks in. I'm, I'm, but I'm saying if this takes 12 months and, and you're 3000 coming in with disability and 8,000 going out, that's a 5,000 burn rate. You see what I'm doing? That doesn't work. Yeah, you gotta get the burn rate down and get the incomes up a little bit. It doesn't have to be, you don't have to make a hundred thousand dollars a year, but you've gotta get to survival level mathematically where you're breaking even. And when you do that, then if you need to take a little outta the 401k for one little short period of time, fine.


But do you want to just burn and burn and burn and burn and burn this 401k because you didn't make those other two adjustments? No, you do not. Yeah. No, you do not. That's not going to be at, at the end of a 10 year discussion on this. Where are you? You don't want to have done that. You can, but you don't want to. You, you want, you want to begin to make the life adjustments to the finances, to the math that fit with this tragedy that you guys are going through. Man, you got a tough sled here, girl. Yeah, I'm sorry. And yeah, friends and family, helping your church, helping people coming around you, put their arms around you and helping with different things.


It can be financially helping, but it can also be taking him to speech therapy. 'cause you, so you can work that week, that day. It can be something like that. The 17-year-old can step in and do some of that too. But you can't just be the provider to two grown girls anymore. You do not have that option, at least for the next 12 months. It doesn't sound like, sound like they're gonna have very limited lives and that's gonna be part of their story when they're 30. That when I was 17, my dad had a stroke. It's, it's part of our story.


If you're like most people, your financial and personal documents are scattered all over, making it hard to find a specific account number or password when you need it. And even harder for our loved ones when we pass away. One key to having a healthy financial life is being able to access your information and knock box makes that simple. Knock box. NOK as in next of kin is a complete system that helps you organize your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. Knock box saves your family the trouble of tracking down random scraps of paper or hacking into your laptop. So don't add headaches to their heartache. Start getting organized today by visiting knock box.com/ Ramsey. That's n ok box.com/ Ramsey.


Well, it's decision time again. Every year during open enrollment, you have the chance to check in on your insurance and make sure it's right for you and your family. Whether you have health coverage through your job, a private company or a government program like Medicare, you don't have to figure this out alone. We have reliable folks we trust to help you get the right coverage for whatever stage you're in. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash health dash coverage


Thank you for joining us America.


Guys. Time is running out to book your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise Setting Sale. March 22 through 29. More than 96% of our cabins are full. This is not your average cruise. This is a premium Caribbean cruise destinations in Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas. All the Ramsey personalities, including me and my wife will be there the entire week. We're gonna be doing events every evening. We've got all these wonderful stops and all these cities. It's gonna be absolutely incredible. This is of course all inclusive. This is, this is Holland America. It's a top cruise line. If you want to do the Live, Like, No One, Else Cruise. I suggest this. You get on this one. Yeah, that's the plan. All the Ramsey personalities we got Stephen Kerrs Chapman comedian Trey Kennedy, who I'm paying to make fun of me apparently. Dina Carter Manique Shohan from the Food Channel Celebrity Chef. All these folks are gonna be with us all week. Book your cabin today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz. Got just a moment before they're all gone.


Boys and girls. Justin's in Des Moines, Iowa. Hi Justin, how are you? Hey, I'm doing great Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Well, yeah, I'm a grandfather of six, so not, not quite up to your level yet, Dave, but I'm, I'm catching you. Okay, good. Well, I have two of them actually have graduated high school within the last three years and you know, I gave him a book. I gave him your Total Money makeover book when they graduated as a graduation gift and kind of inscribed in there some things that I learned from the book. and I found really interesting and really helpful through life. Just basically winning with money makes life a heck of a lot easier.


And I'm now at the point where I actually have a little bit more money and would like to give them to 'em now rather than wait until, you know, I'm dead and gone and try to help them pay down on some of the debt that they do have. They do have, both of 'em have car loans, one of 'em has some credit card debt and I. What I don't want to do is become an enabler. I don't want be, grandpa will gimme, you know, two, $3,000 a year if I go ask him. You know, it's just, right now I'm working and, and I and you know, I'd like to set 'em up to succeed and I thought maybe of of opening a Roth IRA for and putting a little bit towards that in there. But I do know they have this debt out there and your principles would say pay down the debt first.


So wanted to get your thoughts. The best gift you can give them is for them to follow your financial example. That's a bigger gift than money. You can give someone who misbehaves with money, money and it will leave. Obviously you give someone knowledge and they'll always have money. So I I if I were in your shoes, I would tie the gift to a behavior that I want. So, you know, I'm gonna, I'm willing to give you a gift of up to X number of dollars. You said 2000 or 3000, right?


Yeah, about, yeah. Okay. I'm willing to give you a $3,000 gift and, and the way I'm going to do it is that's a match on you paying down your debt on your car. So if you pay down your car by $3,000, I'll put another 3000 with it and we'll knock six off your car. If you pay down your car, nothing other than pay the monthly payment, I'm gonna give you nothing. Right. Gotcha. That's what I would do. No, that's, that's great. No, I was thinking of something along that line. I just, what I hate is I don't want 'em to come to, you know, Thanksgiving as you always say, when it's not alone, but No, no, no.


It's, I Him to think I don't, yeah. I don't want him to think Grandpa's gonna lecture me again about, about paying down my debt this time. No, I'm not gonna lecture at all. I'm just not gonna give you anything. Right, right. I like it. thank You. And you know, I I would wrap this in a, like a cup of coffee in a, in a discussion. Right. And say, here, here I know that if I give, if I give a man a fish he eats for a day. If I teach him to fish, he eats for a lifetime. Right. Right. Well that's what I was trying to do with your book. Yeah. And so what, and this is me talking to my grandson if I'm you, I'm telling him that. And so what I wanna do as your grandpa, 'cause I love you more than life itself, is I wanna make sure you learn some of the principles that will cause you to become very successful.


Not because I lectured you, but I, if you learn those things, you're gonna make a lot of money. And one of those is getting outta debt. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna help you get your car paid off and, and what I'm gonna offer you is if you wanna pay extra on your car, every time you pay extra on your car, I'll pay extra that same amount. You just send me the receipt and I'll send it right into the bank and I love that. And up, up, up to $3,000. 'cause I wanna teach you to get out of debt and that's why I'm doing this, honey. 'cause I love you and this is, this is a, this is wisdom and I'm not gonna pester you about it if you don't do it. I just won't send you any money. I'm not gonna send you any money anyway. I'm gonna send it to your bank. Right, right.


Oh, I love that idea. Yeah. Thanks Dave. Yeah. But just couch it in a, in a loving, teachable cup of coffee. Right? Yeah, I think that's right. and I would also say model it and you said it best and they watch it. So instead of sitting them down at Thanksgiving and Christmas and being the grandfather that's teaching and harping, they're not ready for it. And you know, the old phrase, when the student is ready, the teacher appears. That's kind of true. But in this case, you know, I'd do, I'd be talking in earshot so they could hear you talking about your investments and you know, it's one of those deals, I do that with my kids on certain things. I talk to my friends about certain things that I want them to hear, you know, and so I'm not telling them this, I'm just going, well, you know, I thought about this the other day talking about the election in politics in my house.


One of my kids doesn't, doesn't see things the way I see things. And we've never had Oh No, we've never had an Ill word about it though. Oh no. Yeah. But you I know, right? I know, but you know what I do. I'll talk about things in earshot and, and then they know what I think and I'm not telling them what to think. They know what I think. And I've never sat down and said, you gotta think this way. You gotta do this. But they know and I think the same thing, what Dave is saying, and I think modeling the way and letting them see it, and it's a part of everything that they come in contact with you, they'll pick it up and they may not agree with it at first. But I, I just think that that truth, which is what we teach, is I think the best model on, on finances. But that would be the approach that I would take as the grandfather.


Yeah. More is Rachel says more is caught than taught. Yeah. Classic. And that, that's a great line. That's a good line. It's from the old book, smart Money, smart Kids that she and I did about teaching your kids how to handle money. I mean, I think about that with my grandpa. Yeah. My grandpa Ramsey was, I mean, he he saved every penny. Yeah. I mean, you, you're there, you're pulling a nail outta the board. You straighten the nail out, you put it in the coffee can. Right. And you knew it. You just saw it enough. Yeah. And, and he so obvious, you know, he had the garden out there and we go work the garden. Why? Because that, that's why we get vegetables and they're, you know, they're better to start with, but they're also cheaper. And so, you know, everything, you know, everything was a lesson built into everything.


And he was head cost accountant alco aluminum. Right. Wow. And always drove a his car and always had money in the bank. Always, you know, always in great shape, very conservative. And, but I, I was a, I was, I was a cool dude. So I went and bought a Jaguar making all this money in real estate and I went and bought a Jaguar that I couldn't afford. and I wheel up in the yard down there with a Jaguar. And he comes out and he goes, what is that? So grandpa, that's a Jaguar. And he goes, really? He goes, what'd that cost? and I told him, he goes, dad, come. That's awful. I said, awful. It's a fine. One of the finest automobiles out there. And he goes, yeah, what'll that car be worth in 10 years?


and I said, well, it'll probably worth, you know, and, and he said, I said, but it's, it's a great investment. And he goes, honey, my investments go up. That's great. Yeah. Just such a classic way of confronting that. Just ask questions. Right. My investments go up. Right. And you know, that's 35 years ago that story happened and I can see it and feel it right now it's fresh. Yeah. So that, that's the power grandpas have. You gotta be careful with it. That's right. That's right. You get the opportunity to kind of say things that are, do things that they're sick of their parents doing, they'll put up with you. Yeah. There's a little extra kind of. Yeah, Well, you know, So model it, talk about it all the time to everybody, not to them.


Don't Preach it then. And I'm thinking to myself, what do you know you're driving a 10-year-old truck? Yeah. And he had more money. Oh yeah. Buried in the backyard, right? Than I had for sure. I didn't have two nickels rubbed together by I was looking good, right? Yeah. What an idiot. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, if you're like me, this time of year feels bananas. Thanksgiving just flies by and then you blink and the kids are out of school, family's in town and somehow there's glitter everywhere. Pure chaos. Let's face it, the last thing you need right now is money, stress. If you wanna lighten your mental load this year, do yourself a favor and go download EveryDollar. It's my favorite budgeting app. And it can help you create a game plan for your spending so you can focus on what really matters this time of year. Listen, the holiday season's gonna be busy, there's no getting around that. But let's be busy enjoying our families instead of stressing out about money. Head over to the app store and download EveryDollar right now to get started for free.


Thank you for joining us America.


After we finish this segment, if you want to hear the next segment of the show, jump over to The Ramsey Network app. It is a free app that you can download and you get the, what is the third hour on talk radio if you're there. And you can catch it's all video and audio and everything, everything you want. You can search the show, you get all kinds of stuff there. And you can ask questions there as well. You can send us emails on the app. So The Ramsey Network app is a free download. There is no subscription and you get all kinds of behind the scenes, extra interviews, early access to things like we put the Donald Trump interview on there the day before we put it on everything else, that kind of stuff. And you get the third hour, the third segment of the show here, which comes up after we finish right now. So Ramsey Network app, it's a free download, of course an Apple and Google play and all that. Be sure you go check it out.


A question there comes from Eddie, I have $1 million in my 401k, but after I pay taxes, when I withdraw funds, I will only pocket about 600. Am I still considered a 401k millionaire? Yes. Today your net worth what you own minus what you owe equals over a million dollars. So yes, you're a millionaire. That is the definition of millionaire. And people say net worth millionaire. Well, that's redundant. That's like saying your car is blue, blue now it's just blue. That's it. I mean, that's it. So that, that's the whole thing.


So there is, you know, if you, what you own, minus what you owe. Now, it doesn't mean that you won't have those taxes. And it doesn't mean that doesn't affect it. But today you have a million dollars. Now if you took it out and you only had 600 after paying taxes, then you wouldn't have a million dollars anymore. Ta-da. That's how this works. Yeah. Wow. That was good. Reminded me of the old Steve Martin thing, how to be a millionaire first get a million dollars, how to be a millionaire. Not pay taxes first, get a million dollars. Yeah. Then don't pay taxes. That was a great comedy bit, but yeah, that's back from the seventies.


Yeah. That, that's it though. And, and the good news is this, Eddie, you're using The, Ramsey Network app. So I'm guessing you're under 80 and I'm guessing this money's gonna continue to grow and that net of taxes, when you take it out someday soon you'll have more than a million dollars anyway. So it's a it's a redundant, I mean, it, it's a question that really doesn't matter at this stage of the game. John is in Vancouver, Washington. Hi John Welcome to The Ramsey show. I'm really glad to hear your guys' voice. I was worried that I'd get somebody who wouldn't understand this question. Okay. So I got, I got night hunting equipment, so a thermal scope, nods night observation device, helmets, lasers.


I got all the gadgets, but I owe 20,000 on my car. I could get right around that if I sell that equipment. But I'm, I really don't wanna sell it. I'm not gonna lie about it. Okay. I have other stuff that sell. What are you hunting at night? That, that you're so amped up about this Coyotes. Oh, Coyo. I was thinking hogs or something. Yeah. Okay. I knew, I knew it was something legal. I didn't, I wasn't gonna accuse you of poaching, but yeah. Okay. Let's see. And you're in Washington State, so Yeah, yeah. There, you, you got some, what's Your income? So my base wage is 99,000.


Right now I'm on track for 150,000. Okay. What's the car worth? I believe it's worth like 32. Are You shing? Last time I looked at marketplace, no, I'm engaged, but Okay. Not married yet. All Right. It really hasn't got anything to do with the fact that I empathize with the equipment and I think it's cool. It hasn't got anything to do with that. Okay. The principle is can you become debt free very, very quickly without selling this equipment or without selling this car? You're making 150, you're a single guy, you have one debt of 20,000.


Yeah. Yeah. You, you know what, what would you, how much of your life style will you sacrifice to keep the hunting equipment and get the car paid off in three months? Well, and that's the thing. I'm still gonna work the same amount of overtime because my phone's ringing like crazy right now. That wasn't what I said. So I would likely make, I would likely make that in three months. 3, 4, 3 I five. I know you, you make enough to pay the car off in three months. You told me that you make 150 grand, you could pay the car off in three months and have absolutely no life during that three months and keep your stuff. Yeah.


So there's a third do, there's a third thing we can sacrifice here. We can either sacrifice the hunting gear, we can sacrifice the car, or we can sacrifice the next three months of your life. Right? I'm going with c the next three months of your life, keep your car and keep your hunting gear. But if, if it's gonna take you three years to get out debt, we're selling all your crap. Right. But it doesn't take you three years. Right. And if the game changed and if the game changed and I lost my job, that stuff would go right out the door. I'm not worried about that. I just feel like I'm make enough to not sell it and then end up rebuying it, if that makes sense.


Yeah. Did somebody tell you to sell it or is this just your idea? I I, you know, if it took you a long time to get out of debt, I would sell it, but I don't, regardless of whether you buy it back later or all that crap. But the bottom line is you could do this really, really quick and, and while you're really tired from working all the time and you're pissed 'cause you can't go out to eat and your girlfriend's pissed because you won't take her out to eat 'cause you're not doing nothing but getting a stinking car paid off in the next 90 days. I'm talking February one, you're done. Right. Okay. You got no life if you're willing, willing to do that. Yeah. That's what I do. That's what I personally would do.


'cause I don't think you, the same thing's true of your car, you sell it, you're gonna get another one later. Same stuff. Right. So now part of that also entails that, that you raise your right hand and quit buying crap for hunting. You got enough, right. Forever. I mean you don't need anything for a long time. The outfit you just described to me is world class, Right? Yeah. Okay. And here's the benefit. When everybody's mad at him and he's mad at himself, he goes out late at night and shoots a coyote. It's good therapy Or six of them. Yeah. Okay. It's like a video game. Yeah. They, they don't have, they don't have a bounty on those hides in Washington, do they?


No they don't. Oh Darn. Thought we could make this into a side hustle. Okay. Ah, I see we're going there. I like that. That's a good call. Alright. Just open season. 'cause the dad come things, they're eating everything. You would change your advice to rice and beans. No. You living in a tree and shooting COEs, coyote skins. Right, right. But the yeah, have, have some fun with this. But the, the principle is not the hunting gear stuff, John. The principle is you quit buying things you can't afford and you have been because you got a card debt, you shouldn't have been this invested in this hunting gear. You're, you got that outta order, you're admitting that. And the principle is that you can pay all this stuff off very, very quickly by working like a crazy man. And that's what I would do.


Yeah. And then you're gonna go into the marriage with zero debt and a well equipped or well equipped gun safe. And so that Was this nice slip there. Clipped. Yeah, clipped. Yeah. I see what you did there. See? See what I did there? Yeah. Lots of clips. Yeah. Lots of mags there, you know. But the fun, that's fun. Yeah. I mean same's true with your boat. Same's true with your collection of coach purses, ladies same's true. With whatever it is we're dealing with. I mean, what at what point do we have to sell off all this junk? It's if we can't get out of debt Yeah. Super quick without doing it, then the junk has to go. You sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next.


He put the dog on eBay, the cat on Craigslist. You've Said this for years and I think you're right and this applies here. If he were to sell all that equipment, fine. but it doesn't really necessarily curb the behavior that of this discipline will and, and it's that quick fix doesn't really help stop the problem that got him there. I've heard you Say that if you gotta go do nothing, nothing but work for 90 days and you go, okay, next time it changes things next time I'm not buying stuff while I got and have a car debt. 'cause you know, in a sense we financed a bunch of hunting gear against a car in one. In a sense, I think you could make the case. Yeah. That that's kinda what happened here. Yeah. And so the way we're gonna undo that's just go crazy for a short period of time.


See none of the above. That puts us out. Sour of The, Ramsey Show in the books.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.