
From the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshot. Next to me is George Campbell. We are taking calls all afternoon about your life and your money and if you'd like to get involved, it is a, a live call. You can call the numbers Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That will get you on the line. George, you ready to get this thing started? Game on. Let's do it. We got Chris, he's in Seattle, Washington. Chris, what's going on? Hey guys. So happy to be on the show. Thanks for having me. You're welcome. My wife for the last two years has wanted to get a mommy makeover and I haven't heard an answer to this question yet, so I figured I'd give you guys a shot.


We collectively make about $180,000 a year. We have a a two businesses that we own and operate and last year we jumped on the, we, we completed Financial Peace University and we paid off $25,000 worth of debt that we had. Way go. We're currently Thank you. Let's see, we cut up all our credit cards and we have a net worth of about 950,000. Wow. Awesome. Yeah, so it's been a hard road, but last year I decided to spend some of my free time working more and opened up a handyman business and I added about 70 5K on top of our regular income.


Wow. Last year. Way to go. So is that on top of the 180 or that's what you're at now? That's on top of the 180 k. Wow. Good job. So you upped it to two 50. Is that sustainable? Do you want to continue doing that? You know, I, I, I turned 42 in in March and I wanna kind of work, work hard in my forties, so hopefully it pays off and we can retire when we want to sell the businesses in our home and get out of Washington. Good. So What's your question today? How much is the mommy makeover? It's somewhere between 28 and 35,000 and I, I have about 50 k set aside on top of our Emergency fund.


Emergency fund. Thank you. Okay. Is that what you earmarked it for, the 50,000? Is that what you guys said this money is for or was it originally for something else? No, we've been putting it away for, for this as well as I have a daughter in, in college and that our responsibility for her is about 14,000 per year. And, and we've been paying that, you know, in full in cash when it comes about and you know, my son just got braces and paid that in cash and it's Your cash flowing, everything. There's no worry about the future and retirement and kids' college and you've got some extra money and you wanna do the selective surgery for her. Listen, mama Mama's getting a new lease on life. Yeah. Mama's getting, mama's getting an upgrade.


She is amazing and she has trouble spending money on herself and so, like, you know, I told her I've been putting this money aside and I, I want, I wanna pay for it for her and, and Does she want the surgery or do you want, does she want it or is this a you thing? No, she wants it. Okay. Just checking the way she's okay. She's just, she's been going through a, you know, a, a health thing and getting herself in shape and changing her diet and all this stuff. So this is kind of the icing on the cake for Her. Okay. For the good of the group. And knowing this is a family friendly show, can you entail what this 35,000 includes?


It would be a tummy tuck. Okay. And, and a lift. Okay, Good. Got it. Good. Here's the thing, I think guys do more to their forerunners and spend more on that. So I got no problem with the selective surgery for all the guys, but I can't believe she spent all that. Listen bro, let's talk about that under light LED kit you needed to have Yeah. Live like no one else. So later you can live like no one else. That's what it's about. Right. You know, I want her to be happy with her body and, and happy with herself and, and I think that she deserves this so much. So Yeah, I think you can afford it. You guys have been really smart with your money. Congratulations. You guys are young and you've done a lot and Yeah, well the, my only question would be are you guys done having babies?


We are. Okay. Yes. No more babies for us. We got And are you having the elective, an elective surgery? You don't have to answer that. I spend my money, my ex, my play money goes to cards. Got, Got you. Okay. There we go. Yeah. Alright. Well you guys have done really well. You're doing it by the book. You guys are debt free with the emergency fund, you're cash flowing, everything in your life. You're on the verge of being a baby steps millionaire. And so this might be a shock to a lot of people listening. I can't believe they said they listen, do it. We never said don't spend money. You know, I'm a frugal guy. But once you've hit that a different place financially, they That's right. They make a great income. Yeah. It's a small part of their world and they're super young. Yeah, I love it. For them, that's a really, really good treat that they get to enjoy because they've done everything right.


Alright, let's go to Kevin. He's in Spokane, Washington, the city I was born. What's up Kevin? How can we help? Hi, this is Kevin. So I have a question about what to do for the future. I'm 18, I make around an average of $14,000 a month doing home improvement sales and right now I'm saving about 96% of what I make and putting it between SMP 500 and some other funds just to pull cash out of really easily. I want to retire by the time I'm 26. I wanna have the ability to retire, maybe not stop working, but I wanna have the ability through dividends and rent from my renters to retire.


How would you best position myself to get to that position by 26? Have you determined how much money that is? Like do you know what that amount needs to be in your portfolio where you'll be like, Hey, I'm working because I want to at this point I I wanna make $12,000 a month from properties and dividends. I'm not sure the exact amount I'll need, but I do know that I'll need quite a few properties and quite a bit of cash in my accounts in order to make that income. Okay, that was the other question. What part of it is you, is this, let me ask this clear question. Is this you really drawing the money out or is this more of a theoretical? I could retire, but, or is this you really, you're pulling the money out of the portfolio, Pulling the money out of the port or I mean like I don't wanna pull the money out, I just wanna let it sit and give me money so you, unless I'm buying property, you really would be drawing out that money to live on is what I'm saying.


It's not just a, a theoretical feeling. Oh Yes, that I know I have it. Okay. George, you're looking at some numbers There. Yeah, I have two questions. Number one way to go. You're 18 and you're making 14,000 a month legally, I Mean, Right? Is that true? Yes sir. Yes sir. Number two, who hurt you? Where did this idea come from that I gotta have this all done by 26 lls, where did this idea come from? Well, when I was 14, I really, I was watching a bunch of financial shows including years and I realized what I really wanted was to have the ability to say F you to anyone when I reach 26 and I wanna be able to have a drip be able any Direction my life.


Oh, I like that you work for yourself. So that's gonna be right in the mirror my friend, if you're your own boss. But I like the attitude. I just wanna make sure the motive is a healthy one. 'cause I get a lot of calls and questions from people who are in your shoes. They don't make the money you make, but they go, I need a million dollars by 26. And I go, why? They go, well I just, I feel like I'll never be wealthy. And so there's this, there's element of just chasing and this element of I don't wanna get burnt out. So I'd rather you sink your teeth into something that you love to do and continue to work. But the way you phrased it, you said, I just wanna be able to let go of this. So here's the deal. 144 grand a year, that's 12 grand a month invested eight years of that at a 10% return you'd have 1.6 million sitting in a taxable brokerage account.


So that's one strategy that's without any other rental income or anything. That's just, if it was spitting out 10% on average. I understand that's a crazy thing to say, but It's not crazy, George, I'm right there with you. So that's one strategy and go, okay, 1.6 million. If I could take out a hundred, a hundred grand a year, yeah that would probably last me a long time. I don't know that you're gonna retire off that forever, but that'll buy you some thinking time to figure out what you want to do for the rest of your life. Yeah, I Don't know that I would draw off that I, I think I'd rather have it there knowing that I have given the middle finger and I'd be motivated to do other things in life. Just know the goalpost is always gonna move my friend. So stop chasing this is The Ramsey Show.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John, why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it and one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 George.


The truth is, running a business is hard. It's so difficult if you're a business owner or you know someone who's a business owner, it's tough. It's very difficult. And some days the challenges they pile up and the fears creep in and you're just left wondering whether you're doing it right. I know that my husband and I ran a business, my husband still runs it. It's been over a decade and it truly can feel overwhelming. That's why Dave, Dave RAMSEY wrote a new book called Build a Business You love. Where he unpacks how he took his business from a small card table in his living room to a $250 million business. It's the proven system for business owners to grow faster, avoid common mistakes, and create something they're proud of. Truly, it's the baby steps for running a business, which is what we all need. So pre-order now for 29 99, that's nothing. And you get over $350 in free bonus items. That includes instant access to entree leadership, the entree leadership hiring playbook. You get early access to the ebook and an enhanced version of the audiobook pre-order that today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or if you're watching on YouTube or podcast, you can click the link in the description. Get that book today.


Alright George, let's go to Baltimore, Maryland. We've got Sam on the line. What's up Sam? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. New listener as of about a week ago. And my question is, should I be paying off all of my debt prior to starting to save for a down payment? And if yes, should we just keep renting? I think my future fiance, we're gonna be engaged soon, will be ready to kind of buy land or a house before I am. If I do have to wait till I get all of my debt paid off 'cause I have quite a bit. Awesome. Well thanks for joining us. Glad you're a new listener. Yes And yes. So yes, you're gonna wait until you have all of your debt paid off.


You have a fully funded emergency fund before you begin saving up for the down payment. The answer is simple. You wanna free up as much money as possible to get out of debt as quickly as possible. And so trying to do seven things at once means you're not gonna accomplish any of it. You're gonna stay in debt, you're never gonna make progress on the down payment. So just aggressively attack the debt and keep renting while you're at it. How much do you have left? So I'm just starting to pay it off because I just switched from a W2 worker to a 10 99 like consistent contract. So I was making, I'm making enough but like to make all my payments, everything's current but I just haven't been able to get out of it because I was living above my means for a little while.


How much is it? So I, I have 160 myself. He was debt free but he just got a truck. So he's got about 50. He makes more than I do. I make 85 and he makes 1 38 a year. But he also does some side jobs. So that's kind of like his base. You said future fiance, you guys aren't engaged just yet? No, but we do live together and we split our rent and expenses pretty evenly. So one conversation, I mean this is kind of aside from the point but also also very important too. It is, I would start having conversations now since you do see that future of you guys getting married. I'd start having the conversation of what our philosophy is about debt and what do you think it will look like if you become a married couple.


Because on the one side I hear you saying I'm working and fighting hard to pay off this debt. I wanna know should I pay that off before we buy a house? Which lets me know there's part of your brain that's like debt is bad, I don't wanna stay this way. But then you've got your future fiance who's just bought a $50,000 truck, right? So you guys need to align. Now is a good time to start having those conversations is what I'm saying. So we have had those conversations. I'm kind of bullish on it's my debt. Like even though we're going to be married. Yeah, it's my problem to solve. And you're right, right now. So He's offered to like, yeah he's offered to like pay additional like money towards our rent to help me get more of my debt off my plate and we're, we are aligned.


But at the end of the day, like if he wants a truck and he can afford it on his salary, I don't wanna like hold him back from that. But once you get married, and this is the question that you, you should be asking when you get married, are you gonna view the finances as now we're one or is this like separate living gonna continue because there's a reason that you're living separately now and it makes sense you're not married, it makes sense that you do your debt, he does his debt and you have your thing, he has his thing. That makes complete sense. But when you're married, the healthy way to do it is to become one and to come together on that. So that's kind of why I'm bringing that up because the truth is who knows, I don't know what you guys' timeline is if it's you know, six months from now or a year and a half from now, but that $50,000 has the ability to become yours as well when you get married.


Right? So that's something for you guys to talk about here at RAMSEY. You know, we believe that marriage makes you one. So when you come into the relationship, it's our income, it's our debt, these are our assets and this is our bank account and our budget. We find that when people do that, not only do they have a happier marriage and the studies do show that they're happier, but they have a more successful marriage, they're able to build debt or I'm sorry, they're able to pay off debt faster and build wealth faster. And so there's a lot of positives that come to sharing your money. Not just financial but also in the relationship. Yeah, I, I come from separated parents and that like wasn't a great financial example so I'm like trying to make sure if we do buy a house, like I have skin in the game.


Yeah. And like it's not just all on him. So yeah, it's just been, he is very good and we have healthy conversations about it. I just feel like guilty about it. Hey You Get off. I'm writing a lot In, let's send her a copy of Know Yourself, know Your Money. That's Rachel Cruz's book. I think it'll give you some insights on just how you feel about money and why you know, why you spend the way you do, why you make the choices you make, why you're bent towards certain behaviors. I think that'll help you and your spouse to kind of see each other. Also, I wanna give you both financial peace university. I think that'll be good just to get you guys on the same page and get you started looking at things the same way and that's really gonna help you in the future. What do you think George?


Well you know when you mention Sam that he can afford the truck by definition, if he couldn't pay for it in cash, he couldn't afford it. So what you're saying is he can afford the payment. That's fair. Right? Yeah. And what I found to be true is that everyone can afford the payment until they can't and until it steals from their paycheck, it steals from their future. And so if he really cares about this future dream of land and marriage, I would go, you know what the truck is, I'm gonna have some delayed gratification and buy the truck when I can afford it in cash and probably buy one that's a lot cheaper right now. 'cause I got, we got her debt to clean up and I'm willing to make some sacrifices to get us to a better place financially. You feel a difference in That? Yeah. I'm actually selling my beloved car. So, so You're making sacrifices, right? Yeah.


Well and he, he has offered, he even said like, let me sell the truck. I'm just a little, I would feel really bad. I would, I would. That's true. Really bad. True. If a man is willing to sell his truck for you, he he might be the one. Why Would you feel bad? Tell us more about that. He's, he's making a sacrifice that you've already admitted. Hey, it's, it's not the best thing. I mean it's $50,000 of debt. What, why would that make you feel bad? Because he'll have his paid off in like two years maybe max. 'cause he works a lot of overtime. But I'm gonna probably be in this like three, four years if I'm lucky. So what kind of debt is your one 60? What does that make up? Student loans is a hundred. I have the car for 38, which I'm gonna let go of and I have a consolidation loan for some credit cards.


'cause I was living above my means for a little while. That's the rest of it. Okay. So you sell the car, can you get 38 for it? Will you be able to break even or make profit? Yeah, so I can sell it privately for 46 or 47. Oh good. But again, I owe the bank 38. So. Great. And you'll use the Difference, the bonus hopefully coming. Yeah, I'll, I'll put it towards that, that consolidation loan because that's But you'll need a car to still get around, right? Actually no, 'cause I work from home, so I can either borrow a car from my parents, which it's already paid off. It was my car before, it's in my name still. Or we have a Would It be borrowing or they give it to you?


Would they sell it to you just for not much that you could know that you have it? No, it'd be fine to borrow. They, they don't need it. It just kind of is a, is there for when they do. Okay. So yeah, I can use that. Or you know, if he keeps his new truck, he does have a beater that he drives to and come work, So Yeah. Oh, I just had him get rid of a, a car that was almost as old as me. So, wow. Listen, one thing I wanna encourage you is I, you know, again, I don't know the timeframe that you guys have for this, and I'm not trying to rush you, but I would not delay moving forward in a relationship because of debt. I would encourage having those conversations because the truth is a good, a good man and a good woman says, Hey, I love you despite your debt and I'm coming alongside of you with that debt.


And I get it like you do feel guilt. You can feel shame about that. Those are very real emotions. But emotions are meant to go through you. It's when you stay there that they prevent you from moving forward. And so allow that to, you know, you can feel that and let it pass through. But let this good man or whoever's listening let you get that relationship that you wanna have. And you guys can tackle this together. For free tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


You know how when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, it feels weird at first. Well I'm here to tell you that is okay. I want you to be weird. If that means you're being intentional, including how you budget. And one way to be intentional about how you spend your healthcare dollars is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a biblically based alternative. CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. As a CHM member, you'll share 100% of your eligible healthcare costs with a dedicated Christian community. And in return, your monthly contribution goes towards other members' medical costs. So no matter where you are in your financial journey, CHM can help you reach your money goals and still get the care you need. Plus programs start as low as $98 a month. So go to ch ministries.org/budget to find out more. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


George, let's take it back to the phone lines. We've got Aiden, who's in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Aiden, you're on the line. How can we help? Hi, how are you guys doing? Doing great. What's up? Hi. So I'm a current University of Arkansas student and I am basically on my own when it comes financial leave. I'm having to pay for my own rent and basically my necessities to get by. And I'm just really struggling trying to find a balance because obviously I want to focus on my academics, but the troubles with my finances have really put me under a lot of intense stress and I could just use some help navigating that.


Are you working? Like, tell us about your working situation. Yeah, so I have two jobs right now. I do Amazon delivery and I also am a brand ambassador for Anheuser-Busch. But the problem with those two jobs is that they aren't really on a set schedule necessarily. It's more of like they just come up with offers during the week and I pick them up. Got it. How much are you working? How many hours per week on average? On average, I'd say about 25. Okay. And what are you making? I'd say weekly before my expenses about 300 to $500.


Okay. I'm wondering, could we find you a job that's maybe 15 to 20 hours but pays as much if not more? That is a little more consistent? Yeah, I would that solve all of your problems? It, I'm not totally sure because I have, well if you want to go through my expenses, I have $700 to pay for rent and then usually about $300 for groceries for the month and other various expenses for gas and things. Do you have a car note? No, I do not. Okay, so paid for A car and you're cash flowing college right now.


How are you paying for that? Tuition and Just my grandpa, before he passed away, he had set up a college fund for me. So I have paid for my college so far. But that money has run out now. So now for I only have two years left, I'm gonna be forced to take out student loans. Can I ask about your parents where they're at in this or are you just kind of on your own at this point? They, they want me to be more independent so they don't really, like if I ask, they might help me here and there, but they really get annoyed by that and I don't like having to ask them for money.


I wonder if the context changed. Like I wonder if the context changed from hey mom and dad. And I'm not saying that you did this, but if you said, Hey mom and dad, I need money to go out and, you know, for food and clothes like that has a different context possibly than mom and dad. This money from granddad is running out. I really don't want to go into debt because I know that debt is a bad thing. Is there any deal we can make where we're working together to pay this tuition in cash or we're cash flowing this, I'm willing to do what it takes. Like I wonder if those are two different conversations. Do you think that they could value that second conversation? I think they possibly could. Yeah. Do they know the situation that grandpa's college money ran out?


They do, yes. And They go, we don't give a rep take out as many student loans as you need, bud. You're a grown man. Yeah, They, they don't really feel the same about debt as I do. They are like, take out student loans. Okay. And I really do not want to do that. But you know, I'm gonna have to end up doing what I have to do to be able to finish school. What degree are you pursuing? I'm in finance. Okay. And you have two years left. What is the next semester gonna cost you? It luckily, I, I'm not originally from Arkansas, I'm from Oklahoma, but I was able to get in-state residency, so I'm looking at about 6,000 a semester.


Okay, Okay. That's not as bad. And You have all summer to work too, to try to Yeah. Cash flow that I, I, yes. I just got a internship as well that will be paying $20 an hour. Great. And I'll be able to work lots of hours this summer. So that should be able to help a lot. Do you need to live on campus? Is there, or are you close enough? Like would your parents let you live at home and save that $700 a month that way to go towards this tuition? My parents, they live in Tulsa, Oklahoma. And my school is in Fayetteville, Arkansas. I see. So I wouldn't be able to live at my parents. Do you have roommates right now? I do, yes. How many?


I have three other roommates. Oh, it's a party. So you're doing, you're doing the most. And have you applied for all the scholarships and grants? Is that part of your part-time work? That is, yes. I, I do receive financial aid and I have gotten like the Max Pell grant for school, but I don't really have any like excess from that. And you have no savings? I do not, no. I'm really just trying to figure out how I can get at least to baby step one. Yeah. I mean, it's gonna be a struggle when you're, you have a, you have a lot of expenses coming out every single month to cover your normal life plus school.


And so, you know, it's gonna take a full-time job just to cover this, which is gonna make it really difficult. So you're gonna need to find something that pays more, but you can work less and still cover all of your bills and create a little savings cushion to cashflow. 'cause your next payment is gonna be in the fall. Are you paid up? Yes. Can, can I ask a question? I'm not trying to throw a huge wrench in this, but I, I wanna make this happen for you. 'cause I I I do believe that you don't want student loan debt. Is there a situation? No. Have you looked in Tulsa to say, Hey, I wanna finish my degree there, I can live at home, I can do it less expensive, they'll take my credits. Have you explored that? Because getting the $700 back over the course of a year is gonna make a big difference on all of, I mean, it's almost a thousand bucks a month.


Getting those expenses back is gonna make really could be the difference between making this possible and it not being possible. Yeah. The thing is, I just feel like I'm already so far into this school here and the thing with going back home is there's only one four year university there. And I don't know if I'd be able to get into it or not, but That's what I'm saying. I want you to look into it because transferring schools, it happens all the time. Like, don't get me wrong, I get that you're comfortable, comfort is a real thing. But transferring schools, as long as you know that they'll take your credits and you don't have to go back at all, then that's great.


But if you look into that school and say, okay, here's where I am now, you know, you get in with their admin, their admissions office and find out what it would look like. This is all research is what I'm asking for, just so you can really see what your options are because a lot of times we paint ourselves into a corner and we're really not in a corner. There's lots of options. So I would look into that. I'd also look into an online situation and see if there's a way that you can mitigate some of these costs. Yeah. What, what are you living elsewhere? What's the end goal? With the finance degree? I'd like to become a financial advisor. Okay. Here's the good news. There are on there. I'm taking, I'm going through a certified financial planning course right now, completely online and it is not nearly what it costs for even one semester at Arkansas.


So I'm telling you that to say there are other paths to the thing you wanna do, and my friend Ken Coleman says it this way, is it the only way? Is it the best way? And right now you haven't explored all of those options. And so I believe it's called Boston Institute of Finance. I think that's the one. They've got an online course you can take for a few thousand bucks total. We'll get you through this whole thing. And so that might mean you don't need to spend another two years. You can go through this course in a year, get your foot in the door as a financial advisor and start getting some clients and get your experience hours. Yeah, I I definitely would like to explore my options for sure. I think the thing to take away here is you're gonna have, there's, there's gonna be a level of discomfort in the solution.


From what you're saying, I don't think you're gonna be able to go on as you have. And I think letting yourself know that, like, just kind of taking a moment and standing in the mirror and going, okay, the way I thought this was gonna happen is not gonna be the way this is gonna happen. It doesn't mean it's a bad thing. It doesn't mean I failed. It just means I've gotta embrace a new solution. And if you can just get your mind on track with that, I think you're gonna find that you have a lot of solutions into George's point. I think you're gonna end up with a better solution that's faster and cheaper and gets you where you want to go. You know, that's The goal. Take debt off the table, get creative, do your homework, and you will be shocked at how much easier it is to just do it. Yeah. Go to school debt free as a finance major. I know that's the guy I wanna hire.


I Know that's right. But it's so hard, you know, when we have a way where we thought things were going, it's kind of hard to deviate from that path. You Feel like you failed. Yeah. And you didn't, you did. You just chose a better path.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5% and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers, but for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Alright, George, we have a segment that, it's one of my favorites. We call it Asking for a Friend because how often does a topic come up where we don't feel comfortable saying, I don't know, or I don't, I don't know what that means. And so instead of asking directly, we're like, oh, my friend wants to know what, what a 401k is, or, you know, my grandma was wondering what's the best place to keep her high yield savings account? Right. When really you're the one who wants to know the answer. And so Asking for a Friend, What is, what's today's, What Is a Reverse Mortgage? Oh, I Like this. All Right. This is one if you're my age, maybe your parents or grandparents have fallen into Yeah, Yeah, that's a big one. And You see commercials in between, I don't know, snuggies and timeshares for this thing on, on late night tv.


Yeah. From a washed up actor. Yes. So here's the, the definition here. A reverse mortgage is kind of what it sounds like. You're converting your home equity into money for you. Yes. So it lets homeowners that are 62 or older borrow against their home equity. So instead of making payments, the bank will send you money either in monthly payments as a lump sum or through a line of credit, similar to a heloc. So here's the deal with the loan repayment side. There's no payments while you still live there, which is why people are like, oh my gosh, that sounds wonderful. Yeah. But the loan plus interest has to be paid back when you move sell, or you hit the old dusty trail and pass away. Ooh, That sounds risky because you never know what the housing market's gonna do. But Then if I'm that person, you go, well, it's someone else's problem.


Yeah. Yeah. That's the people you love. It's gonna be their problem. So here's the deal. As you borrow your home's, equity dwindles down. So let's say you start with a paid for home, it could end up where half of that is gone and you now owe 250,000 on a $500,000 home. Wow. Yeah. So you're eating up your biggest asset and you're leaving less for your future and your family. And by the way, they're super expensive. They're one of the worst financial products on the market because of high upfront costs, origination fees, closing costs, mortgage insurance, and then the interest keeps piling up. Which by the way, if you're getting this as a, as a monthly payment or a line of credit, the interest is gonna be variable. Oh, boo. Yeah. That's terrible.


Which means the lender's passing on the risk of variable interest rates to you And you're still on the hook, George, for taxes, insurance, property, you know, all, you still have to Cover all of that on your own home Maintenance. You have to all that. And I mean, it's not on here, but you know, a lot of folks, when they get older, they think, I don't have much retirement. I'll use this and this will fund my lifestyle until I, you know, take the highway to heaven. And then they end up living longer and they've eaten through all of this equity. And then it's like, okay, now what? So it's kind of scary thing. There's a lot of risk there. So here's, here's a pro that people fall for this. It's immediate cash. I can get money during retirement because I didn't save, there's no monthly payments. I get a break from mortgage payment. That's great. And then flexible use.


I can spend it on whatever I want. Medical bills, travel. Here's the cons. Here's where it gets real. Yeah. Super high cost, like I mentioned, loaded with fees, then you're losing your home's equity bit by bit. You have nothing to leave to your kids and they have to deal with this mess. And then there's foreclosure risk. These Almost always end in foreclosure. Yeah. You miss property taxes, insurance payments, and you could lose the house. These are for broke people and they think it's some shortcut that's gonna let them live their best retirement life. And it ends up just making things worse. Yeah. So here's better alternatives. If you're thinking about a reverse mortgage or someone that's in one downsize, sell the house, buy a smaller one pocket. The difference. If you really need money investments or savings, use retirement accounts for income instead of one of these terrible products.


And then lastly, rent out part of your home. Oh, Thank you for being afraid. There You go. You can make it like a sitcom situation outta this. Yeah. You know, just have someone living in there, in a spare bedroom giving you 500 bucks a month that'll replace the payment without the risk and that'll help you out. Yeah. So reverse mortgages seem like a quick fix, but they have long-term risks that could wreck your financial future. So look at other options. Stay debt free, make a commitment to do that, and keep your home working for you, not the bank. Hmm. And if you need help, if you're sitting on a, on a mortgage that you're like, Hey, maybe I do need to downsize, checkout our, our real estate hub there. That's a good one. They'll put the note, the ticket to it in the show notes. There we go. The ticket also known as the link.


There you go. Link. Hey, we get the ticket for you. There It is. Oh. Oh boy. Ah, let's go to the phone lines please. Or do you have more that you wanna Say? No, I just like, I needed a tums after just reading all that about reverse mortgages. That's true. Bad pit in my stomach. I know. Well, we've got Stephanie. She's in Charleston, West Virginia. What's up Stephanie? Jen. Hey, I'm trying to be, oh, first of all, I just wanted to say hi. Hi. And I have a question. I, my father's 80 years old. My mother passed away in December of 2020 from Covid. And during that transition I realized how horrible their finances were.


They make a lot of money. They were retired and they had a lot. But my dad has since had a stroke and a heart attack. So I'm now a power of attorney. Yes. Now, there are two children. There's me and my sister. I'm the oldest. I am the beneficiary on everything. And that is because my sister is an alcoholic. She has never held a job for any reasonable length of time. Her kids and her have lived off of my parents forever. Now everybody in this scenario is an adult. Okay. So there's going to be it when my dad passes away, there's about $350,000 that I am going to inherit.


But I have made the promise to my dad to take care of my sister to help her. And I wanna know with respect to his wishes, what is the fair thing to do and how do you go about taking care of somebody who is an alcoholic? Because in my opinion, I cannot just give her half. Yeah. You, you can't give her half. That really would be giving a drunk a drink. I mean, I hear Dave say all the time, dealing with folks who are in addiction. They don't get control over money, especially large sums of money. So in this case, yes, You're putting just fuel on the fire of misbehavior by just throwing money at this.


So what I would do is define what it means to help take care of sister. Does that mean we enable her for the rest of her life and fund her and whatever she wants to do? Yeah. Or does it mean there's strings attached? Do we help her get on her own feet and cause her to be independent and have her go through rehab and put, you know, a certain dollar amount every month and increase it over time as she's able to stay sober? You know, I think we can structure this in a way where it actually helps her instead of just makes the problem worse. Has she attempted to get help before or does she realize she has a problem? Tell us about that. She, She knows she has a problem. She's been forced to get help. I, I committed her one time for her alcoholism and, but once you're past a certain date, you know, in treatment, you can check yourself out.


Yeah. And that's what she does. She has no desire to get help. And you know, I, they've, they've, they've purchased everything for her a house cars. She, she had brand new car that she took a loan out on and got it repossessed. Oh. And her kids have all had cars. They've had all their, everything they've ever done has been financed through my parents, me and my house, and my children. We've never had anything. We ne or we've never received anything. We don't ask for anything. I make a, you know, we, my husband and I are retired. We make a great retirement every month. Everything we have is paid for. How, how many children does your sister have don't need?


Well, she had three. One of 'em just passed away last April. Oh God. So that took her into a terrible tailspin as well as the other children. Other, and they're adult Children. How old are they? They're adults. The youngest is going to be 19 and the other one is going to be 23 next month. Okay. And are they healthy? Are they reasonable and healthy and taking care of themselves or no? No. Well, the daughter, the oldest takes care of herself, but she also has the drinks every day. Oh gosh. So it's not a good option to give to her children.


The other one, the youngest one is, oh, he's just a manipulative and has manipulated my father out of,


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organiz that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they design products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years, and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join. And Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite, and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY


Thousands. And when I say thousands since my parents, my mom died, it's close to about 180 2, 180 5,000 that they have went through with nothing to show for it. Nothing. So you're going, I mean, you don't have a great option of who to give this money to in instead of your sister-in-law that's directly re related to your sister-in-law. You know, I would, if I were you, I'd probably hold onto that money and keep it somewhere and earmark it for if she's ever willing to get the help that she needs that something like that. Yeah. It almost feels like she needs to hit her own rock bottom and be willing to change before we throw any money at this problem. Yeah, because it's just going to disappear into the ether. Exactly. And then you're gonna be more resentful.


And so I don't think that honors your father's wishes either. Oh, this is a tough situation. It's not easy. But yeah, I'd hold onto the money. I mean, you're executor, so you have good reason why not to give that money. And I would just stand on business as far as that's concerned. We see you guys after this break from the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm Jade Warshaw next to me, George Campbell taking calls about your life and your money. George, hit me. You ready to get into it? Let's go. I'm always ready. Listen, I'm ready to get right into some calls. All Right. Cindy in Kansas City, Missouri is on the line. What's up Cindy? I have a question concerning group life insurance through my company who now are having me pay tax, the taxes on it, the yearly taxes on it.


And it has just went up $300 since last year. And I have been trying to cancel this policy. Why? What's the problem with you canceling it? Like what happens when you don't, when you let it lapse or when you just say, I don't want it anymore. Well, first off, it's there. I'm getting this. You need to talk to your employer. And then my employer says, no, you need to talk to the insurance company. And I, if they're sending me back and forth, I started this process in December of last year, 24.


They ended up saving me, sending me a waiver paper to cancel the policy. And it is still not canceled. Did you re-up it for the new year? Because usually you have to go in there and opt in. Did you do that or did you No, I didn't do nothing with this policy. In fact, I just found this policy out last year. And You didn't know you were paying for it? The impunitive. Excuse Me? You didn't know you were paying for it? No. What does it cost every month or every paycheck? It, it costs, I don't know. They said it's being taken out to the other in the other tax.


And what do you mean by tax? Are you talking about the premium for the life insurance? I don't understand what you mean by the taxes are going up. No, my, my employer is paying for the premium. Okay, so they're paying for it, not you. Not me. So what are you seeing on your pay pay stub? What's it being listed as? I Okay. I was informed it comes out once a year that I have to pay the taxes on this policy because it's considered imp punitive wages. Okay. And how much is that? Well, last year I paid 182 and this year I'm paying 180 or 4 85.


So that's the, so they're saying, hey, if we cover this, this is your, this is your fee for having full coverage for the entire year. $182. Essentially the, the IRS sees this as income from your employer because they're covering this expense for you. Exactly. But it's on you to pay the taxes. Okay, I understand that. It's on me to pay the taxes and it's going up and it's now 4 85 bucks a year for the year. Do you know what the face value of the policy is? Yes. They just told me that today. Matter of fact, they're saying, hold on a second, I'll get They're saying that the face value, hold on, I gotta get this paperwork By that.


Like, is it a hundred thousand or is it a million? It's, it's 84,500 for basic life and 42. 40 2002 50 for personal. Okay. Do you have life insurance of your own? No, I do not. Are you self-insured? No, I am not. Not. Does anyone rely on you? I'm Not insured because I have no one to pass, no one to Pass anything. Okay. So nobody relies on your income. If you were, if you were, you know, God forbid you were to pass away today, nobody's going, oh my goodness, what am I gonna do? Nobody relies on my income. Okay.


Except for my employer. Well, they don't even because they pay me. But I mean, Well, I mean, the, the truth is you paying for, the truth is you might be able to, if you, if you wanna opt out of this, you 100% could and put that money into something else, you could invest it. Or if you did want to have your own term life policy, you could do that. But my question is, why, what are they telling you when you say, Hey, I wanna let this, I, I don't want this policy anymore. Is it something that's like some sort of a requirement? I Tell me what they're telling you. Okay. What they're telling me is, it's not a requirement, obviously, but they didn't let us know about this until here re recently.


And who knows how long they've had this policy out on me. Well, it's too late now. You're not gonna get reimbursed for the years you paid for it. So I think we need to let go of that resentment. I can tell you're up in arms about this. I'd be frustrated too. And part of it is we weren't paying attention about what was happening with our paycheck. And so at least, you know, going forward, I'm gonna be looking at exactly what's taken outta my paycheck. If something seems off, I'm gonna go to hr. And so you need to look into your own policy, look at the contract, and look at the waiver and go, what do I need to do to make this go away? You are so What? And be the squeaky wheel. I can tell Cindy is the squeaky wheel and the squeaky wheel's gonna get that grease. Yeah. I'd be sitting in the, in HR every day just sitting there waiting.


That's what they told me to do. They told me to go to hr. Now HR is telling me I have to go through the insurance company to cancel it out. Well, Have you, have you called them up and said, Hey, I have this policy, I don't want it anymore. Oh, yes, yes. I have called, today was probably my fifth call in the last, Okay, here's what you do every two days. Keep a record of every single piece of communication, who you spoke to, what time, what they said, what document they said you needed, and get a next step regardless of who you talk to say, okay, what is the next step? Step or I, or what I'd do is I'd set up a meeting with someone from HR and in the meeting call the life insurance and say, I want you guys to figure this out because you're, you're doing the Spider-Man thing where you all point at each other and I want this figured out now.


And you set, set up that kind of a, I don't know, a group call that you can kind of sit through and watch what's going on and give everybody permission to do what needs to be done on your behalf while you're sitting there. That's what I would do, George, and, And I did that today And what happened? And they said they're gonna get back with me. I bet they will. I'd be having, I'd have a scheduled follow up email every two days until they finally go, okay, we gotta get Cindy off our back. Can someone just freaking cancel this policy? Yeah. This sounds like something that is in set in place. Somebody in HR is like, this has never happened before. Nobody's asked, like, we should have asked her how big her company was. Oh Yeah.


Nobody's actually canceled before, So we don't know. You gotta figure this out for the first time. Yeah.


But the truth is, I mean, let's talk a little bit about these kind of work life insurance policies. You know, a lot of people when you ask them, do you have life insurance? They're like, yes, Jade, I have life insurance. And it turns out they've got maybe 50, it's a 50,000 or a hundred thousand dollars through their work. Cindy, she's got 80,000. That's not enough. No, you need 10 to 12 times your annual income. Yeah. And the purpose is for folks who do depend on your income. If you've got kids, if you've got anybody that says, Hey, if something happens to Jade Warshaw, these people were dependent on me making money. If that's you, then you need life insurance. And so, like George said, 10 to 12 times term life from Xandr Insurance is what we would suggest. So if you don't have it, you need it today. And you know, for the price that she's paying, if you're a healthy person, you could probably get the same for the same amount. Get way more coverage is what we're talking about. So if you haven't done that, you need to do that today. Life insurance for clarification is not a baby step. Okay. It's not something you say when I'm at a baby, step two, I'll do it. Or once I hit baby, step four. Life insurance is something that you get in place as soon as you find out about it, if you are someone who needs it. So that goes for everything across the board, right? Absolutely. So don't just rely on your workplace. 'cause guess what? You leave that job, you lose that measly insurance. You need insurance on your own. Yeah. Separate of that. Jump onto xandr.com and get a quote. It's super easy and it's way more affordable than you even think. Yeah. Way more affordable than you think. Get that today.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back Investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate Learn step by step, how to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to invest with confidence. Watch Live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


You Spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box, that's N Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


All Right, let's get into that RAMSEY show question of the day. Today's RAMSEY show question of the day is brought to you by why refi when the payment on your defaulted private student loan is as much as some mortgages, it's hard to get ahead. Oh, I know. That's right. That's one why REFI can help refinancing to a low fixed rate loan that's built just for you. Find out more@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Isaac in Maryland. Should I purchase term life insurance? Even if my employer allows me to purchase voluntary life insurance up to 500,000? Would a combination of voluntary and term life insurance be wise? I'm 41, so I'm, if I'm going to get term life insurance, I would like to do it now for 20 years instead of waiting. It's a great question. We answered a very similar question. Did just now I know it. So yes, I would absolutely purchase a term life insurance. Even if your employer allows you to purchase one, oftentimes the employer one is very affordable. And so if you want to have that as a little bit of buffer gravy on top, that's fine. But I would definitely get your own term life insurance through Xandr. You can jump onto xandr.com and get that handled.


And at 41, it should still be reasonably affordable. And you know, you can do it. You said you want it for 20 years. You can do a 20 year term policy on that and do a combination. You may not need the employer one. Yeah. On top of that. Yeah. So you may just wanna go 10 to 12 times your salary on your own and not pay for the employer one. Unless the employer one is just such an incredibly cheap deal. It's like five bucks a month or something. Yeah. And what would you recommend George, for like a stay at home mom who says, Hey, I don't, I don't work, but I do provide value and people depend on me every single day. What happens? This Is a big one. Yeah. At least half a million dollars. At least half a million. Because you think about, let's say $50,000 salary times 10, you're looking at half a million. Yeah. On the small, on the short side.


Especially now with how much childcare costs. That's right. Exactly. And you gotta hire Mary Poppins to do this thing. That's right. And so daycare alone, you talk about all of the things they're running and doing chauffeuring around and cooking and cleaning and taking care of all the household pieces that Has value, real monetary value. You Need multiple people to fill that role. So you need to have at least half a million on a stay at home spouse. So, so good. All Right. We've got Aisha in New Haven, Connecticut. What's going on? Aisha? Hi guys. Thank you for taking my call. So my question is two parts. I am on baby. Step two, I have a thousand dollars saved and now I'm trying to pay off my debt through the debt snowball.


However, I'm 41 and my husband is 57 and we at, well, he has no retirement in place. Okay. And so I wanted to know if I should do the debt snowball and put away for retirement. And the reason I say that is because by, by the time we pay off our debt, it'll be about four years. And so then I feel like I haven't put anything into his retirement. Okay. And then my second question, I have a second question. Sorry. My second question is, should I pay off my credit card, which is 5,000 with no interest for the first year, and then start the rest of the debt snowball from lowest to highest, or just do the whole death snowball?


Yeah. So with my Credit Card, in situations like yours, you feel desperate, right? Like it's just like, oh my gosh, the time is ticking. And the first instinct is, let me, let me get in here. And we re weave this plan and make it better what you think is better for your situation. But the truth is, I, I would work it as is I, what are your debts? How much do you have? So with everything about 50. Okay. Rounded it up between The two of you? Yes. So there's a couple of hospitals and then, so that's no interest with the hospital, How much is it? The Only interest we total, I mean I have a, you know, maybe 2, 3, 4, 5, like 5,000 total.


Okay. So three different Debts. So 5,000 from credit cards, 5,000 from medical. What else? No, from medical five. So 5,000? Yes. 5,000 for credit cards with 0% interest for the first year right now. Now tell us the medical And total. I'm Sorry. Now tell us the medical, go through and list them out. We don't care about the interest rates. Just tell us the amount. Okay. So yes, so roughly 5,000 total in health, insur health medical, 5,000 in credit card. And then I have tax bills. So tax 4,000. Yeah, we owe back taxes. Okay. So 4,000 to the IRS.


That's one of 'em. And then another four, and then seven, and then eight, and then 13. Okay. 4, 7, 8. Yeah. And 13 all to IRS. Yeah. And then, then it's 1000, 2000, 3000 in medical and then 4,000 in credit, which total is 50,000. And if I do it right, based off of what, you know, our income and snowballing it, I can knock this out in four years. Well, what's your household Income Then? My husband would be like 50 something. What's your household income between the two of you? And I want 'em separate. Can you tell me what you make every month, what you bring home in your paycheck, and what your husband brings home in his paycheck?


So I'm a stay at home mom, but, and my husband is self-employed, So we bring monthly is about 6,000. Okay. And how many kids do you guys have? Sorry, I'm going through this. I just wanna make sure we have plenty of time to help you. So we're just getting the particulars. No, it's Okay. We have one child, one one 1-year-old. One 1-year-old. Okay. Okay. So when we're talking about the debt snowball, let's go back to that right quick. These IRS debts have to go first, smallest to largest. Okay. They get a fast pass to the front of the line. They sure do. As lickety split the other, the other issue here is, okay, so your husband makes $6,000 self-employed.


How many hours is he working a Week? Week? A lot. Okay. You know, all day. Okay, all Day. I'm just, what kind of business is this? What is he doing Contract in new in New York. Could he do contract work for someone else full-time and make more? No, he's Self-employed. I know. I'm saying could he make more working less for someone else versus on his own? I don't, I don't know. I mean he makes, I mean we're, we're not, I don't think we have an income to Well you do when you look at the debt you do when you look at the debt. Because if it was just, hey, 6,000 bucks a month we're debt free, our, our living expenses are fine, then yeah.


But in this case, we gotta get this done in faster than four years, is what George is and myself are getting at. Because to your point, you're on a timetable, like you gotta get this thing zoom zooming. Yeah. What you're saying is I can only throw a thousand bucks a month at the debt total. Yeah. What's your living, how much does it cost for where you rent or where you are you renters or buyers? Okay, so if I do, because I did all the math out, so if based off of once expenses for the house is paid off, I can put yeah, about 1100 to each debt. So 11. So if I did the highest amount, 13,000, then yeah, I can put 1175.


Can you go back, Aisha, did you say the house is paid off? No, no, no. What did you say? No, No. We owe a mortgage. Okay. What's the mortgage and what's 2,800 On month? 2,800. So Half of his income is going to the mortgage? Yeah, just about. Yeah. Yeah. Because when you add in probably HOAs, taxes, insurance, everything. Like we don't have HOAs No, HOA. Okay. Here's the deal. He doesn't have money to throw Time around with only 2,800. Okay. You guys are paycheck to paycheck. No. And so throwing a little bit of some pennies into retirement is not gonna solve this problem. Well, will help you retire with dignity. One day is at least being debt free and you having a lot more timeline to go back to work.


You're gonna need to do that eventually. Unless he gets his income way up. Yeah. Well, my plan is to go back to work once he's a little older. How five years for now. See that's, I, I don't think you guys can float a mortgage that's half of your income for five years and tackle the problem that you have here. Like your, your timeframe is tight. How, can you tell me how much, how much the house is worth? Like if you were to sell it, would you, would it bring anything? Yeah, we, it's up to five and we owe 300. Okay. About eight, 300, 300,000.


I don't know how to do that. Okay. So maybe if you sold it, you could home home one 70 or somewhere in there. Yeah. I could knock out your debt and you could rent for a while. I, I might consider that you Didn't sell a house. I would consider that because the truth is your timeline is really tight. Your husband is saying he's not gonna wanna work much longer. Which I don't know how much I agree with that. I Don't think it's a choice he has. He's gonna have to work until his body says no. Yeah. And if you wanna be a stay at home mom, that selling that house and getting it right side with your income is what you're gonna need to do. George, budgeting is such a huge part of the foundation of everything we teach here, right?


We teach the seven baby steps. And a big part of that is saying, okay, you gotta get on a budget. And for a lot of folks, they start working out their budget and they run into a couple of walls that they're not quite sure how to overcome, which is completely normal. And so one of my favorite things we do here are a budget breakdown where you send us your budget and we're able to kind of talk you through it. And so Tyler did that. He's from Tacoma, Washington. He sent us his budget and said, Hey, can you guys help me out? Tyler, you're on the line. How's it going? It's going good. Thanks for sharing your budget with us.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business You Love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audiobook experience, early access to the Build a business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook. So you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love, the essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Of course. Okay. So I'll kind of, George has got your EveryDollar budget opened up and I'll kind of go down the line and we'll talk through it and you tell us if we've got it wrong or if there's something that we need to know. But for right now, you're telling us you're 21 years old, you're in the Air Force? Yes, ma'am. Okay, cool. Married with two kids at 21. Wow. Yeah. How old are the kids? First one is 18 months, about to turn 19 and the other one just turned a month today. Oh man. You're in the midst of it. Wow. Yeah. So you're bringing home $63,000 that equates to $4,754 that you see in your paycheck every month.


Is that consistent? Roughly? Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Pretty consistent. As long as they don't have a government shutdown or nothing like that. Yeah. Okay. True. That do, does that include like a housing allowance or do you get one? It does, but it doesn't, so the housing allowance is tax free. So it's, it's roughly 52,000 or five, 5,200 a month because the housing allowance is not taxed. Okay. Okay. So, but that's not, obviously that's not, you said it's $5,200 a month? Yes. But so that's not included in the 4,754 you told us? Oh, well, yeah, I guess. I don't know.


It's, it's kind of, it's kind of hard to track down because it, it is. I was like, oh shoot, forgot to include the zero tax part for that, you know. But what ends up in your bank account is 47 54 every month Roughly. Yeah. Okay. Now I see here that you don't have any debt. You've got about 5,000 in savings, Roughly. Okay. And I see if you can, I'm looking at the EveryDollar budget. You are 73 bucks over budget every single month based on all of the expenses you laid out. So you are definitely living paycheck to paycheck in factor. You're in the red a little bit. Does that sound right? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's pretty rough or pretty. Right. Okay. So let's help you out here. What is your next goal? It looks like your savings is low.


'cause if you're in baby step three, we need to fully fund the emergency fund, Correct? Yeah. And if, If I see this right, you've got 200 going into savings, but you're also, you skipped to baby step four and you're investing 2 48 a month. Is that true? Yeah. So what I was doing is that the military matches a Roth IRA and I was just trying to get to the match. So pretty much since basic training, I've put all that money away and I've never really seen it. Okay. So I kind of, If I told you you could be a multimillionaire at 21 if you just follow the baby steps, would you believe me? Probably. Yeah. Okay. I, I've listened to shit that was So what if we pause your investing to get you some financial foundation?


'cause that'll free up 248 bucks that can now go toward that emergency fund. 'cause at this pace, it's gonna take you two years to get a fully funded emergency fund. That's too long. Right. So that's some money right there. We can free up. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna move that to zero in investing and add it to your savings so that you now have, was that 4 48 going to savings? Tracking? Okay. Yeah. Now we still have to find some more room. We're still 73 bucks over budget. So Jade, look through the list here of the expenses. I assume your income can't change, you can't do anything overtime, you can't get side jobs. How much flexibility do we have on the income side? Actually for my career, I can start doing like a, basically a extra thing.


Oh. And if I, so it's a called flying crew cheese, basically. Okay. Because that's what I am. I'm, I'm a mechanic on a big heavy aircraft. Right. What can you make doing that? I, in a 21 day trip, I can make roughly two grand in that. And how often can you do that? As much as they need me, but I have to get to that point, if that makes sense. So I don't know exactly when that'll start, but that's something I could possibly, Is it a month away or a year away? Probably less than three months away. Okay. Okay. So we'll just for this sake's budget, we're not gonna include that, but that could be a game changer going forward for your next goal. Yeah, it could be. Because honestly, when I look at your budget, the thing that stands out to me is, is your rent.


And again, I'm not quite sure exactly how your housing allowance is working into this, but all I'm seeing is you're bringing in 47, but then your rent coming out is almost half of that at 23, right? Yeah. And so that feels very, very high. I don't know, are you, are you on base or what is that? Yeah, I'm on base housing. That's kind of a fixed thing. I can't fix that or I can't change that much. And I kind of look at the pros and cons of living on base versus off. So like there's free security. I don't have that off base and it's kind of a sketchy area to live off base, so. Got you. Okay. That is an area that's gonna be tough because when it's almost half your income, your margin is just so low at that point. So that's one area.


What about gas? We're actually pretty good. We use probably a hundred bucks per vehicle. So I have two vehicles, so a hundred bucks every two weeks. So Per vehicle. So it's 400 a month, that's what's in the budget. Yeah. And there's not much we can do there. Are you driving a lot or is it more your wife? It's not really driving a lot. It's more, I got a, a nasty truck where it's, it's got a big old turbo on it. It likes to drink fuel. Oh boy. Can we get rid of the truck? Yes, we could, but I'd rather not. How Much put a lot, oh wait a minute. Now You just made Jade angry. No, I'm not mad. Right? I just, one of the things that you'll have to do, we were talking about this in an earlier segment.


At some point you're gonna have to look at this and go, something has to give and it's not gonna go, if you wanna get this budget right side up, you're gonna have to hold everything very loosely in order to do that. So tell us more about this truck. I'm gonna pull that string a little bit. What's it worth? What do you owe on it? I don't, so I, I put, I bought it for $4,000 back in what, 2017. And now it's probably worth about 15 with everything to it. But like I said, there, there's a lot of work into it that I've done. It's not like I brought it to a shop and did it. So. Sure. It's a very sentimental thing, if that makes sense. It was me and my dad's project, so. Okay, I understand.


Alright. All Right. All Right. All Right. What else can we, So we can't really move the income, we can't move the rent, but I see a bunch of bills here that can go. Who's watching all this cable? Yeah, that's, that's my, that'd be my daughter. She, she likes to watch certain shows and it kind of sucks 'cause it's on multiple things, if that makes sense. But yeah, I was also thinking about like just dropping a couple of those. 'cause don't, well, You got 47 bucks in subscriptions too, so you got 88 bucks going out in cable in subscriptions. Listen, They have Coco be on YouTube and it's free. My daughter just watches old Barney clips on YouTube. Yeah. So I'm That's a, that's a much cheaper option. Yeah, I would tonight. So We just got her into the, the old Sesame Street, which is pretty good.


So yeah, tonight I think cable and maybe keep one subscription just so you're not completely in the stone age. But I dropped that. I mean that's, that's finding you almost 80 bucks right there. Right? And then the phone bill, you guys have two cell phones? Yes, we do. Are the phones kind of being financed through the plan? Because I see that it's, Oh no, they, they are, they're, they're, everything's paid off. There's no debt at all. Okay. Who's the carrier? 'cause you are overpay, overpaying for two phones. It is T-Mobile. All Right. You're paying 65 bucks a pop. I would switch to a budget friendly carrier like Tello or Mint or Boost and reduce that down to, you could get that down to 50 bucks easily.


Right. Which would save, which would save you a good what, 80 bucks just by doing that this month. 80 bucks a month freed up just by doing that In the greenish. So give me, gimme a sense of where we're at, Tyler, because Now if I cut the, if I cut your phone bill down to 50 right. And I cut Right? Let's say we can cut cable and we just keep one of the subscriptions and we cut a few of the subscriptions, we get it down to 30 bucks for subscriptions. Now instead of being 70 something bucks in the hole, you're 63 bucks in the black just by doing those few things Right, right. Without changing your rent or your income. So I feel better about this already. And then on top of that, have you res shopped your insurance lately? Your renter's insurance, your auto insurance?


Yeah, I did. And I, I, I did find the, the cheapest one out of all the area or out of all the names, So, okay. There's, there's not a whole lot else here, Jade. I mean, groceries. You're feeding four people. Yeah. That's like 800 bucks in today's world. The only thing your wife could do is she, she could get together with maybe some other wives on base and say, let's create some sort of a co-op that I take you guys as kids, you take my kids and I go work and you go work and you figure out times. She's a, She's actually going to school right now to become a teacher. So that's what we're Working on. Okay, good. Listen you guys, that's gonna be, We're about two years out for that. You guys are young and you are in the thick of it right now. And I think the horizon for you guys is good. I think if you do what George said, you'll make a lot of changes.


But this is gonna be slow going for you guys. Just don't give up.


It's that time again, folks, tax season is here. I know some of you would rather bury your head in the sand until April 15th, then face your taxes. But here's a better idea. If your tax situation is complicated, get in touch with a Ramsey Trusted Tax Pro today. That way they can take the stress off your shoulders and once those tax forms come in and teach you how to keep your tax bill as low as possible, but don't wait. RAMSEY, trusted Pros can book up fast. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro to find one who serves your area with excellence. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash TaxPro.


The truth is, investing can be so overwhelming and so confusing. I don't know about you, but when I hear, for me, when I first started learning about investing, I needed to hear it over and over again. I needed somebody to explain it in a way that made it simple. And it's not something that you can just get in a 62nd social media post I'm telling you right now. So if you are unsure of where to start or if you're afraid to make any mistakes, our Investing Essentials virtual event is going to teach you everything that you need to know about how to get started. Guys, I'm telling you, they're gonna teach you how to maximize your investments. It's happening March 4th and fifth and tickets start at just 1 99. It's hosted by Dave RAMSEY, the goat, and the guy next to me, the other goat, George Kamel Plus, it's the only place where you're gonna get Dave's personal playbook on real estate investing. He's gonna explain how he made hundreds of millions in property investments. So you can invest with confidence and you can start building W Wealth. And this is the way to do that. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Or you can click the link in the show notes if you're tuning in on podcast or YouTube. George, what do you wanna say about this? 'cause you're part of it. Oh my goodness. Well, number one, I make it fun. And so I'm the proxy for the audience. Last time, just so you guys know, I got punched by Dave and he threw a chocolate chip cookie at me. I remember. So, you know, it sounds like nerdy and boring, but we really bring it to life. He was trying to get that gluten on you. That's right. I remember that. I miss me with that. But really, we, we answer your questions so you could submit the questions live via email and I'm taking them live. Yeah. And we're we're sorting them and going, Hey, this one's gonna really gonna help a lot of people out there. And so I'm getting a lot of these questions in my dms. Hey, I don't even know where to get started. Or, Hey, I'm in baby step four, but is there more? Or, Hey, I'm in baby step seven, what can I do beyond the baby steps? Yeah, we go really deep more than we ever have on this show, and it's a really good time. You're gonna walk away with a lot of value for just less than 200 bucks to get, you know, five hours of coaching. I know that's right. That's legit. And it's live like it's you guys in real time. It's not one of those canned things that they just air over and you know how places will just air the same thing over and over. Oh no, this is live in real time. You're getting Dave and George at their fine moments And you have seven days for the standard ticket of 199 bucks. You have a seven days to access the recording. And so if you wanna go back, listen to it again, take notes. If you missed it on the night it was live, don't worry. You have access to it. Oh, I love it. Go check it out. I love Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


All Right, let's get back into your calls, but before we do, just remember after this hour, if you wanna keep watching the show, you'll have to go into our Ramsey Network app in order to finish it unless you're on radio. So if you're watching right now on podcast or watching on YouTube, just know that the Ramsey Network app is where you go. If you wanna watch the rest of the show, if you need that, you can just download it for free using the link in the show notes. Or you could just search Ramsey Network in your app store and that's how you do it. And of course if you're on radio, just stay where you're at. All Right, let's go to the phones. Logan in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. What's up Logan? Hey, how are you guys doing today? Doing Good. How can we help you?


Yeah, I just had a quick question. I'm currently, I'm only 19 years old though. I'm a real estate agent, just right out of high school. Didn't bother with college. And last year I made just a little over 50 grand this year so far, as long as it keeps this pattern, I'm projected to make right around 80 and I'm, I've always been a frugal person throughout life. And I just want to see what you guys thought about taking a trip to Thailand. I've always wanted to go. It would cost right around 3,500 to four grand. And you know, just spending that much money on a vacation seems strange to me. Well, how'd the idea come about of Thailand? Thailand's great, by the way. I've been, it's a bucket list place. Yeah. How'd you land land on that? I had, I've had family go there and they all love it.


You know, I always see pictures online, people love it. I've had friends go. So just kind of from word of mouth, I've been all over The Bahamas numerous times. It's just, I've never been anywhere in that part of the world. Well, let's see. Can you afford it? I mean, you're making the projection is 80,000 a year. What's your living situation? So my living, I'm actually currently still with my parents. So, you know, I don't have many expenses other than lifestyle. Okay. You don't have any debt? I'm Not in debt at all, no. Well, I do, my parents, they help me invest in real estate, so I have a loan out with them. It's for a duplex though. Their plan is, they are like, I have a mortgage through them, they're gonna forgive that instead of that.


Usually for my siblings, they pay for college. They're just gonna forget that in a couple years once I move in. So I don't really conserve that debt. I'm still paying on mortgage. You know, I have tendency there that pay it. What Would make them not forgive it? It sounds like there's a stipulation here. No, there, there's no stipulation. The reason why they have it, so they'll pay it off just in a couple years is because I'm not going to college. You know, they paid for all my siblings college. Okay, so, so they have the money to pay off this mortgage? Yes. Yep. Yep. They're well, very well off. Okay. So they basically bought you a house as a kind of a gift instead of funding college. They went, Hey, if you want to get into real estate, you're doing well, we'll just go ahead and still give you that money in a different way. That's cool. What's it worth? Yes.


Let's see. I bought it, well, I bought it at right around two 40 and right now I can get it for seller, probably three 30. Okay. And you would rent out one half and live in the other? Yes. Yep. Okay. How much money do you have in savings right now? Savings right around 40 grand. Whoa. Good. All Right. Yeah. And what's the plan to move out The plan? Currently I just have a girlfriend at the time or right now, but most likely within the next 18 to 24 months. Okay. Why so long? You know, I just think I'm still young. I'm 19. I have few older brothers and you know, they all still live at home. So If you're old enough to buy a house, you're old enough to move out and live in a house.


Right. You Know? That's right. Who's living in the duplex now? I just have tenants in there on both sides. Who's Getting the money? I am. I, I'm cashflow. I'm paying them a mortgage. They have it amor over amortized over 30 years. So I'm still paying one though. They're just gonna forgive the rest. Whatever is remaining once. So you're gonna kick out a tenant to live in one of them Eventually. Yes. So, okay, let me, I'm just, sorry, we're gonna answer the Thailand question, but I've got a lot of interest in what you're telling me. So right now there's two tenants in the duplex who has the short, like who's, let me ask you this, like obviously if they're good tenants, you're like, I wanna keep them in there, but you're also paying for it, so that doesn't leave a whole lot for you to go rent somewhere.


Is that where the problem is? The problem is, I'm just, usually when I put money into savings, like there's 40 grand, I I never touch it. So, you know, it's very strange to me just to pull out a few grand for a vacation when I'm so used to ashing money away. And here's Logan, let me unlock this for you. You need to label your money right now, which is labeled savings. It needs to be labeled emergency fund, high yield savings, vacation fund, high yield savings, car upgrade, high yield savings. And that way there's no guilt when it comes to what this money is for and should be spent on. You've got it labeled. So an emergency fund for you for six months right now doesn't even really make sense because you don't have a lot of expenses. But let's say it's 25 grand that leaves 15 grand of money you can assign to whatever task you want.


I would say, All Right, we're gonna take this four grand vacation, the other nine grand we're gonna put as a car upgrade fund or a home maintenance sinking fund for the duplex, whatever you want. But I would label them and put them in separate accounts to help solve this in the future. Okay. Yep, that makes perfect sense. Short answer, enjoy the vacation. Yeah, you're doing very well for your age. You've done a great job. Stay outta debt and I would move out as soon as you can. 'cause I think you have a maturity beyond a lot of older callers that I talk to. Yeah, and there's a, there's the kind of the comfort crisis vibe, you know, Michael Easter's book of, if I'm in Mommy and Daddy's house and I'm living rent free and I'm making money from my tenants, what real Yeah. Benefit is there to ever move out.


I know. Keep me Here, my warm cocoon. You Know what I mean? Yeah. But he needs, he needs that, that, that feeling of rent is due. You know what I mean? You need that feeling of I need to buy groceries. I, I need that urgency. Gotta Go find some problems. Yeah. And especially if he wants to be in real estate, I mean, have, have a time where you're a renter so you know what it feels like. Learn what that feels like. So I think that'd be good for him. He's the renter and the landlord, you know, it's gonna be an awkward phone call when the HVAC goes out. Hello, hello. But what he's talking about, I've heard from a lot of folks who are in the baby steps where it's like, okay, I finally got into baby step four, or I finally got into baby step seven, and they're just worried about, can I spend my money?


Is this too crazy? Is this lifestyle creep? Am I going off the deep end? And so I felt that way as well. And so I kind of came up with five pillars that if you can check green on, chances are you can say yes, hit me. So number one, if you're a person who lives on a budget, like no matter what, even if you're in baby step six, you're still on a budget, you're still doing that. Are you a person who's out of debt and staying out of debt, right? Yes, I am. Do I carry the proper insurances? Am I, you know, doing my coverage checkup yearly? Yes. I I'm doing that. Okay. Am I a person who's saving for the future if I'm baby step four, I'm continuing that process. Yes, that's a green light. And is generosity a priority in my life that month to month I'm practicing that? Yes. Chances are, if you're hitting green on all those, when you're beyond baby, you know, baby step four and above that is a green light to go, yeah, I can take this trip, I can do this fun thing, I can buy that couch.


You're doing all the things that make you a financially responsible adult. And it's good to remind yourself of those things from time to time.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life and to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.