
Hey guys, this is Dave RAMSEY from The Ramsey Show podcast. If you're sick of money, stress, and tired of living paycheck to paycheck, we're here to help. Check out our latest episode, streaming now on Amazon Music, brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth to work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Rachel Cruz. Number one bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz show and co-host of Smart Money. Happy Hour. My daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jamie is in Tampa, Florida. Hi Jamie. How are you? I am doing good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, the basic question I have is what I should do with my mother-in-law's situation.


Man, if I could answer that, I'd be rich. My in-laws gave us a piece of property in 2006. We couldn't afford to build on it at the time, So we saved and we ended up building our house in 2012. After a couple of visits from my in-laws, they ended up asking us if they could build a small home on the back of our property. The property that they gave, the property that they gave you? Correct? They, So it's titled is titled to you and your husband? Correct. Okay. They were living in upstate New York. It was a lot.


My mother-in-law taking care of her home and my father-in-law, and she was, you know, talking to my husband daily, multiple times a day about what a struggle it was. So we felt like, yes, this was a good idea. We could help them when they lived here. And so they sold their home in New York and used that money to build a house in the back of our property. Well, during the building process, we kind of all realized at the same time that technically they did not own it, that we owned it because it was on property in our name. It caused a huge fight. My father-in-law, like stopped the builder from building, and we had a couple of days of discussions.


I'm sorry. Why was this a surprise? I guess because we never really had conversations about it. You Don't need a conversation. They deeded the property to you. Did they just forget that they did that? Or did they think When they were building on the property that automatically the land under that is, is theirs? Like, is that what they thought? Right. I that's the assumption. Yes. Because they were paying for that house. They didn't think about the land underneath the house. Yes. So this was 10 years ago. Every six months, for the past 10 years, we've had a fight about ownership of their home. My father-in-law passed away about three years ago.


My mother-in-law since then has just become more and more angry about this situation. How, how old is she? She is 80. Okay. And in good, very good health. In January, there was a huge fight where she accused us of doing this on purpose for the sole purpose of taking her home. In essence, taking her money. She wants to be able to leave this home to her kids equally and her will. So, you know, we assured her we were never gonna deny her access to this home. Like she said, you could kick me out at any time.


Well, we're not gonna do that, but it's just constant, the fighting. So now we haven't spoken to each other since January. And she got a lawyer to send us a letter accusing us of elder exploit exploitation and demanding $180,000 lump sum payment. And, and what is your all's net worth? Net worth? Probably over a million. Okay. All Right. Wait, Jimmy Didn't show how much, how much, how much land is involved in the total tract?


An acre? No, no, no, no. I mean the whole property including yours. Yeah. An acre. How do they build on the back of an acre? It's an accessory dwelling. It's just a one bedroom, one bath, 900 square feet. And that's how the county defines it as well. We share all the utilities like it goes three my own. She built a tiny house on the back of your acre. Oh yeah. I should have clarified. It's a tiny house. Yes. Oh, geez. So she's not only not speaking to you, she's in your back window. Oh yeah. Eight feet away. Oh No.


Sorry Jamie. That's not funny. No. Every lawyer I talked to, that's terrible. Said the same thing. It's terrible. They laughed. That's Terrible. Laughed. At first, The law, every lawyer you talked to said the same thing. Which was what? Basically that yes, she may have improved the property. This is the exact words of one. The value of those improvements is largely offset by her continued occupancy. See? Meaning that she's gotten $180,000 worth of value out if I live, There's not a tiny house in the back corner of an acre on no planet is worth 180 grand. True. It's just, oh my God.


The drama of some people. Okay. Yeah. So many. Yeah, because you're Thinking like 50 Acres. So many. I thought, I thought there was a hundred acres and, and she was in the back 40 or something. Oh, no, no. She's in the back window. Yeah. This is bizarre. Oh my gosh. And y'all have, so what are you gonna do, Jamie? We don't know. That's morally. I feel like I should give her money, but it was require Me, I don't moral giving her anything. Okay. Okay. No, you didn't do anything wrong. I agree. And the sonin, the funny part is the son-in-law stopped construction on the tiny house.


The father-in-law, corner of the father-in-law. Oh my god. The brother-in-law, father-in-law, yeah. Her son-in-law. Her her son. Yeah. Yeah. Because he wants his cut of the tiny House. No, no, no. The husband, the husband, the, the mother-in-law, the father-in-law stopped construction. 'cause he is mad at them. The father-in-law, I thought you said it was a son-in-law? No, father-in-law. Oh, okay. And he got, He stopped the construction. Yes, yes, correct. Of the tiny home. Alright, so what a horrible, trying to do something nice that went bad story. Correct. Mm. So, no, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm just gonna hire an attorney.


You've got the money. Okay. Go give somebody 10 grand and keep her tied up till she dies. Oh. Oh, wow. I mean, that's really all you can do here, because she's not, I've, that hurts my heart's not, you're not going, this relationship's not going to be healed. This woman's all's lost her marbles and, and we can't find them. They're somewhere in the backyard near a tiny house near Them, near Jamie Right next to you, Jamie, wherever they are. That's where the marbles are, but, oh, shoot. Okay. Well, let's think, I mean, really, there's not, there's not a, Oh, you want Reconcili? I mean the, i, the, the, the perfect world is that there is reconciliation. Your, is your, how is happen? Your husband, Jamie, is your husband like on the forefront of this emotionally and like in it?


Or do you feel like you are more like holding the pieces together of everything that's happening? Like, do y'all both have emotional ownership in it or is it more you more him? Well, no, we're, we're kind of equal in that, but I, I'm kind of the go-between right now because he has completely written, written her Off. Okay. Because that's her son. So I feel like, like his weight in this is, He needs to, he needs to make the decision because it's the most painful for him. Yeah. And, but if it was my situation here, I, I would just say, you know, you hired a lawyer, so I guess we've got to, and I would just stall and file continuances and do in depth depositions with every expert on the planet and just, you know, just tie it up for five years and you know, then it, then it won't be be there.


It's awful. But I mean, that's all you can do other than try to make an angry old woman that did a crazy bad deal. Happy. I don't know how you do that. I, I know how you do it. For the rest of you listening, don't do this Ever.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Couple Of cool things going on around here right quick. Dr. John Delony and I are in the middle of a six city tour. We've been running in and out of Nashville this week because we were in Louisville last night. We were in Durham, North Carolina with several thousand folks. And tomorrow night we'll be in Atlanta. You can still get your tickets to that. And then a week away we'll be over in Phoenix and then to Fort Worth. And then to Kansas City. Kansas City sold out. Fort Worth is almost sold out, but you can still get a ticket. And Phoenix is a little bigger venue. You can still get a ticket there for sure. Atlanta, if, if you wanna come tomorrow night, you can get tickets. But thank all of you for turning out. It's been a lot of fun.


We were in Deepak, the Durham Performing Arts Center last night, and it was kind of fun. Rachel, I sent you a pic. I sent Rachel a picture. She and I were on that stage in 11 years ago in 2014, doing the Legacy Journey tour at that time. And some of these venues like this, the famous people that do the venues, it's very cool. 'cause you can go backstage and you got like, Ozzy Osborne signed the back wall or Metallica or you know, John Lennon or something like that. And then there's Dave and Rachel signed the back wall, you know, and so, but, so I took a picture of it and sent it to Rachel to remind 11 years ago we were on that stage. But thank all of you for turning out for these things. We appreciate it.


We're having a good time. John and I are, by the time we get done with six cities, we're gonna get good at this. And so we're getting better every night already. So love to have you, you do that, that's, and all of you that purchased the book, build a Business You Love, that was launched last week. My latest book, teaching Small Businesses The Clear Path of Mastering the Five Stages of Business to Grow and Run your Business properly. Thank you so much for that. The, you know, one week after a book launch, you get the, the lists, the bestseller lists, and it came out number one, number one bestseller. So thank you guys for that. We appreciate you. And, and the New York Times picked it up and ran it on their bestseller list.


Their bestseller list is not a, is not based on number of books sold, it's just based on, I don't know, I think they like it or something. I don't know what they just, they just decide what they're gonna put on there. And so they put it on at number five on New York Times, but it was the number one selling book in the week by numbers. So that, that makes it according to book scan. And so it shows up on all the, all the bestseller lists that use the actual sales to categorize the best sellers, which I kind of thought that's what a best seller is. But anyway, that's how it works. So thank you guys. We appreciate you very much. And this one is really fun, Rachel. So


RAMSEY fans tell us all the time that groceries are one of the largest line items and it's a frustrating line item in your EveryDollar budget. It's frustrating because, you know, like you have to get a mortgage for eggs these days or something, right? And so 59%, that's six out of 10 people say it's a challenge to save money on groceries without sacrificing quality. So we've been working on this behind the scenes and going, okay, where, How can we help our audience by partnering with someone in that world to get you guys the best possible deals and so forth. And we ended up settling on the folks at Aldi. They've got fresh meat organic products. We got some, we got some claps in in The, in the, got some Aldi people out in the audience right here in the live, the live studio audience. Yeah. Yeah. They give you a great selection. They've got fresh meat organic products. Their Aldi exclusive products are fun. They're sassy with their labels like RAMSEY is. So we like 'em and they're really good quality and they're really cheap. The lowest prices of any national grocery chain and shoppers save big, the family of four can save $4,000 a year shopping at Aldi versus some of the others. And so they're a brand new sponsor, a brand new partner here. And Rachel, you know, the young moms that you run around with and that, you know, and that are in our family. Aldi's a big deal. Well it is because it's a simple grocery shopping experience. If you've been, and they, they make it quick. There's, it's not overwhelming. Like I feel, feel like some other of the competitors, you walk in and it's just like this, like acres and acres and acres of land, of grocery aisles. It's really simple. And honestly the it is, it's the prices after you get done shopping, you look at the 12 and you're like, oh my gosh. But it's all good stuff. Like it really is the quality, their meats, their produce, all of it. So I know it, it is one store in all of my content. And for years and years and years, when we talk about groceries, I always mention Aldi even before they came on as a partner with RAMSEY. But because it is true, that is what you get. You save money and you get good quality products, which is what we're looking for. And it is, it's, when we talk to families, and I know this, having three little kids, it is the number one budget buster is food. Oh, definitely. Like when we do our EveryDollar, even, I hate to say it, we're at the end of the month and I went in today and did my transactions and I may have upped our grocery line item. I was like, crap, we have one more week. I gotta get stuff. It's just, it's just, you just end up spending a lot. But with Aldi, you're able to do it in all these trips and get good quality stuff and keep it within the budget, which Is, well we started talking about this, gosh, about 18 months ago with our internal team, our broadcast team. And they're like, okay, go find a partner. And Rachel's like, go get Aldi. Well, yeah, because That's you, because you were the one, you were like the focus group sitting in The room. Well, and it's growing too. And it's like, I think it is the fastest growing grocery train in America right now. So they're popping up even within Nashville. Like they're popping up everywhere. So there should be one near you guys. And so if you are a family or not a family, like whoever you are, if you need to save on groceries when it comes to your budget and your money, Aldi's the place to go. Well we're really proud to have them as a new partner. Yeah, they're amazing. Good quality stuff at a good price and no frills and good sassy labeling. I like it. They're just, Their marketing is fun. They're kind of people And all, they're, I don't know, you're see, I'm seeing 'em more and more on social media and stuff. They're funny. Oh, that's cool. That's Good. Good. So stop over paying, start shopping at Aldi. Go to Aldi, us to find an Aldi store near U-A-L-D-U-S.


James is in Chicago. Hey James, how are you? Good. Hey, how are you guys doing Better than I deserve. What's up? I have a situation with my car I want to get some answers on. So I have a, I have a Jaguar, I owe $38,000 on it. It's a 14% interest on the loan. You really wanted a Jaguar, didn't you? I really did. Yeah. Yeah. Things have changed now the Jaguar doesn't run and the Jaguar dealership quoting me $35,000 to replace the engine. What the flip? Yeah. What'd you do to this brand new car, dude?


Yeah, that's the thing. I'm, I'm not really sure something happened with cylinders and maybe it potentially oil, but the engine shot, it's cost a lot of money just to tear down that engine. So I think a lot has to do with the labor cost also. So they, instead of fixing the engine, they suggest replacing the whole thing. What year model is this thing? This is a 2018 Jaguar wagon, the Jaguar excess sport brake. So it's kind of like a pretty rare Jaguar. So somehow you blew the engine on a relatively new car. I did, yeah. Less than 80,000 miles. That's Weird. But it was 2000 miles over my warranty, so I had no warranty.


My question, I guess is I, I'm, I'm really stuck. I was, Wait a minute. Did did you, did you, I mean that's very just strange from a mechanic standpoint. Okay, well Did you get a second opinion, James? Or did you just go to the dealership? So the dealership, they are the only people that have diagnosed it. I have gotten other quotes from Did they give you a cause what caused it? Was it your fault or the engine failed? The engine failed. Like you didn't change the oil ever in 80,000 miles or, or you ran the oil out of, forgot to put the plug back in at, at the Jiffy Lube and it blew, I mean, did something like that happen or The stupid engine just failed at 80,000 miles?


From my understanding, the engine failed. There is not any signs that I failed, the car was not due for an oil change. Okay. Alright. But I was not leaking oil or anything like that. Okay. So there's two, two possible ways you go in. Probably both of them. Number one, I'm contacting an attorney. I would sit down and talk to the general manager at the dealership in person and I would say 2000 miles over warranty. You need to call Jaguar. This ain't cool. This is bogus. This engine should not have failed. Jaguar needs to stand behind this engine, even though it's outta warranty, they need to do it as a PR campaign because otherwise we're gonna have another PR campaign that's gonna be ugly and you don't want that one.


Yeah. And I'm gonna sit down with a general manager, not the people in the shop, the guy running the dealership. Yeah. And then I'm gonna go see an attorney if they won't fix it. Okay. I'm not sure you got anything to stand on, but I'm gonna do that. The second thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna buy a used Jaguar engine from a salvage yard and have a, anybody but this dealership change the engine out and that will be eight or $10,000. It will not be $35,000. And you need to fix the car. It's too expensive to just let it sit there melted down.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to up update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find so much. But delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's joins Delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Joey is with us. Joey is in Cincinnati. Hi Joey, how are you? I'm doing well. How are you both doing Better than we deserve? What's up in your world? Well, I've had a very stressful past week. I found out that I was pregnant with my second child and my partner was just not ready to take on that responsibility, so he left. The good news is, is that I don't really have much debt. I just have a car payment. And now I'm just confused on where to go from here. I started out with your debt snowball, and since I only have one thing, I was ready to, you know, attack it, pay 1600 a month extra and wipe it out by the end of this year.


But now since the baby's coming, I I I, I don't know what to do. Do I, do I still do that? Do I save for the baby? Like what do I do at this point? I'm just so confused. I'm sorry, kiddo. Mm. How old are you? 32. So I, I feel like I'm too old to be having these problems. Who's the here? I'm who? Who's the dad of the other kid? Same guy? Yeah. Hmm. I'm sorry. Yes. Your fir Sorry. You have two children with the guy that left? Well, yes. One and then one baking in the Other. Yeah, that's what I mean. Okay. I count baking.


Okay. All Right. What do you make After taxes with no side hustles? It's 4,500 a month that I take home by myself. I started listening to your show a few months ago, so I started doing side hustles. Now I bring around like 5,500 home. I just don't know if that's sustainable long term as the pregnancy gets Further. No, it won't be. It won't be. That's not reasonable. You've gotta take care of you and the baby as, as you progress in the early stages. You, you know, you gotta work around maybe morning sickness or something, but you can work for a while longer, but then you're gonna run into this.


So no, what we teach folks to do when you have a baby on the way, or you're facing some, some kind of a storm of some kind, is stop the baby steps, stop your debt, snowball and pile up cash. So I want you to stack cash. I want you to get the biggest possible pile of cash you can get between now and baby. Treat it like you're paying off debt. I need, Okay, You got, have you got health insurance? Yes. Okay. All Right. So can you save $2,000 a month? Definitely. I, I can definitely do that. What could you save? What's the most you could save?


Well, with the side hustle, I think maybe like 2,800. Okay. I'm gonna call it three thou. I'm gonna call it 3000 for five months. That's 15 grand. Yeah. And then it slows down to maybe a thousand a month as you reach towards the delivery date. Okay. So maybe you're gonna have between 15 and $20,000 piled in an account. That gives me a lot more peace for you delivering this baby with a smile. Okay. Yeah. Have you got health insurance? Yes. Yes. Good. Okay. So you need to talk, contact them and find out what your out of pocket is going to be for labor and delivery with your health insurance policy And with appointments, OB appointments and everything.


Yeah. Like your final, the whole thing. I want you to, I want you to have a baby budget, okay? Okay. To get ready for that part of it. So here's the, here's what happens at the end of this story, and it's gonna be a great story. At the end of the story, you come home with a brand new beautiful baby and you've got 15 or $20,000 in the bank. You write a check and pay off your debts and you finish, you start your baby steps again, and you build your emergency fund. And now you're a mama bear against the world. And you're gonna be one of those warrior princesses that goes and makes things happen. As a single mom, you're a hero.


Thank you guys. Hmm? You're a hero. You suck at picking men. Men. But you're a hero. I agree. Or He's or he sucks. It's not her fault. No, he sucks. He sucks. He sucks. But you picked him. Yeah. I mean, he's awful. Oh My gosh. And ba And besides that, I don't know the, I don't know the laws in Ohio, but most states have a law that if you make a baby, you get to help pay for it men. And so I'm gonna go ahead and contact human services in your area and find out what we can do to get this deadbeat jerk to start writing checks. Terrible. These two children So terrible. How old, how old's your first one? He's 12 now. He's 12 years old. Okay. You've been with this guy 12 years, 14 years.


Wow. Man, man, your heart that That's, that's a, that's a grief in of itself is a relationship heartbreaker that, I mean, that's a, that's a divorce. So Emotionally, you know, so he, did he mention the fact that he needs to start writing checks to you for kids? Well, he asked me how much money I want to, I'll tell you how much money I want. I want a third of your salary. To be honest, I, all of my emotions, because this has been so shocking because I had an IUD so I wasn't planning for this. All of my emotions have just been spent on like surviving. And I agree. Not dealing with him. I agree. But at some point in this process, he gets to be Yeah. The financial daddy, whether he wanted to be or not.


'cause that's what the law says. And I don't know what child support ratios are in your state, but you need to find that piece of information out and you need to let him know that that piece of information is coming his way. That I can do. Yeah. 'cause I mean, if he, if he started writing you a check right now for three grand a month wouldn't make me mad. It helps these numbers, right? It does. It definitely does. And how much, how Much? I don't wanna make him angry. I don't want responsibility. So I'm leaving tough buddy. You made a baby. The law says you got responsibility. That's how this works. Yeah. Ugh. Do you have a good support system around you? Do you have family or anyone?


I have a church that I started going to. Good. And then I also have like Yeah, that's great. An international students group that I volunteer at. And while they're like little kids, they, they're like, they feel like family to me. Yeah. Now I want you to go sit down with your pastor at the new church and with no shame, say, this is where I am. And I just wanna let you know I'm here trying to learn about God and learn about and start my life fresh spiritually. 'cause this is a new church to me. And I, and I've got these sit this situation with these two kids and I'm by myself and see if, and I think you'll see if it's a decent church and it probably is, you're gonna see some wonderful people start putting their arms around you in a lot of different ways.


I Agree. But they won't do that if you don't tell them. Okay. They, they're not mind readers. Okay. I know You're gonna be okay. As a matter of fact, you're gonna be better than if this hadn't happened. You're gonna be okay. You, you, you're stronger than you think you are right now. Yeah. You're at, you're at the bottom of it emotionally, right. From a, from a relationship breakup. The news of a pregnant, I mean, you're, yeah, you're at the, it's, it's exhausting. I could only imagine. So it goes up from here. It really does. But yeah, man, we, we run into to single moms all the time on the show. And it is, it is incredible, incredible what they do when they rise to the occasion.


And you're gonna be, that you're a great mom already. I mean, you have a, you have a 12-year-old, so man, we are cheering for you. I did wanna ask from a financial standpoint, how much do you have left on your car to pay off? You said it's your only debt? Yeah, so I have 14,000. Oh, perfect. Okay. That's great. Yeah. 'cause to the number I Did put like a big lump sum in it. No, no, no. Started. No, I want you to pile up cash. I know, but that was two months ago. She already did it. She already did it. She actually, You already, it already put a lump sum on. Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought she said you want to Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. So Yeah, but, but to the numbers earlier, Joey, you could see that. Yeah. I mean, by the time baby comes and when you come home, everything's good. You'll have this car paid off.


Yeah. When baby comes home and her healthy and the baby's healthy and there's no problems. And you don't need this money for anything. You write a check and pay off the car that day you're free. So you don't really lose any ground, net net on your get outta debt plan. Okay. We're just, we're just doing the, we're just doing the hokey pokey a little bit. We're setting it to the side and then we're gonna put the right foot in then the left foot in. Right. Okay. Okay. Thank you both. This Hey Joey, listen, if you need us, we're here. You call anytime, okay kid. Okay, We got you. You have a great day. You call that pastor today. You call human services and find out what your rights are on child support. Those are two calls you make today. And you start stacking cash.


Stacking cash. You're gonna be fine. You, you're, you're a lot stronger than your voice sounds right now I can tell. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY.


So Dr. John Delony and I are on tour. We were in Durham, North Carolina last night. We're in Atlanta tomorrow night, April the 25th doing the money and relationships tour. We'll also be in Phoenix on May the fifth Fort Worth on May the seventh, Kansas City on May the ninth. You can still get tickets to these except Kansas City is sold out. I think there's some singles in the, in the seats available. If you wanna sit apart and there's more than one of you, you could come, or if you wanna come as a single, you can get into Kansas City, but they're basically gone there. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. We'd love to have you. If you're on YouTube or podcast, click the link in the show notes. Rachel, last night, one of the things Dr. John and I talked about was one of the, one of the topics that the audience selected, the audience votes on the topics each night for these was the adv, the marriage advantage.


And we were telling them that one piece of research that's been out there, I think it's been done probably five or six times, I've seen it over 30 years. I've seen, you know, fresh versions of the same research is, has confirmed the most recent piece confirms what we call the success sequence. And these numbers are statistically mind blowing to me. Okay? The success sequence is this. If you are a millennial or younger and you graduate from high school or higher and have not had a baby yet, and you get a full-time job and have not had a baby yet, and you get married at age 20 or older and have not had a baby yet.


In other words, if you graduate from high school, get a job and get married at age 20, before you have children, you have a 97% probability of being outside of poverty in the middle class. Only 3% of the people that follow that basic sequence, that was very standard in 1960. You would be shamed in a neighborhood if you didn't do those things in 1960. If you had babies out of wedlock, meaning you weren't married when you had babies, you had a 97% chance and You graduated from high school, You graduated from high school and you got a job, you got a job.


So you were being, and you get married at age 20 or later. And then, and only then do you have babies and you're married. You're not shacking up, you're not my partner. We're not, it's not any of that. Okay? It's, that's when you follow that sequence, you have a 97 per, there's very few things in this life that you have a 97% chance of doing very few things. I'm not sure I have a 97% chance of getting home without getting in a car wreck. I mean, really that's, those numbers are not The way you drive. Staggering. They're staggering. You're right about that point taken. Everyone knows. I was like, mm, Everybody in the booth is nodding about Dave's driving.


I drive like I'm in a race all the time and I have my whole life, but aside from my driving, that's not the point. Okay? 97%. I mean, so if you, if you're, if you like Noah, a teenager, tell 'em here's a 97% chance that you're not in poverty in America, that you're in the middle class. Just do these simple things in freaking order. It changes everything. The audience was sitting there with their mouth open when I was going through this stuff. And then the, we start pulling out the other numbers, which if you are 35 years old and you're married, you're net worth is on average 15 times higher than a single female and five times higher than a single male.


Interesting. Single meaning including people you live with that you're not married to. Wow. Well, again, because it's two incomes coming together, it's two Incomes coming. But guess what? There's two incomes coming in if you're shacking up. But they don't count To that study That. Yeah. Correct. Yes, Yes. Because it's not a household. Yeah. And, and so, so they didn't count that. Yeah. And you can just saying like, and you can just decide, I'm going to leave. I don't want the responsibility. You can just decide that and thus you end up with it. Totally. Men in their thirties and forties make 26% more income that are married than unmarried males in the same bracket.


I think our wives must be whipping us like a rented mule and sending us out the door. That's all I can can figure, get your butt out there and get to work. I mean, you have a reason to work. Yeah. You've gotta pay for stuff, you know. Well, Because it's, yeah. 'cause it's more than you. I mean it's, it's, there's, It's, you're totally, there's a nobility to it. Totally. I don't know. There's a lot of reasons for it. But that's the actual data. These are actual facts. Then we can supple, we can have, you know, theor theorize about what causes that. Yeah. But it's very interesting, the advantage of a good long lasting marriage. Oh, men in a good high quality marriage live nine years longer than men that aren't, I know.


She's nagging on me about eating that. Again, don't tell me I can't eat that again. You're bothering me and quit trying to make me healthy. You're killing me. As a matter of fact, you're not. You're making me live 10 years longer on average. I mean, that's, that Isn't that interesting? Women live five years longer on average. Not As much. We We're No, we're not as much help to you as you are to us. That's Exactly, I was like, you're welcome. You're Welcoming. Oh man, you know what? And from not no data, just Rachel's life. I know so many great single women I know too. So many great single women. I don't know where all the dudes, I'm like, guys, come on. Come on guys.


Make the first move. Come on. But man, they just, Well, you know, the first move is become a great single guy. There's like, yeah, that's a big move right there. I know, I know. But Be eligible. Yeah. Be an eligible bachelor. Yes. Yes. So Funny. There's some old Phrases. You know what's funny is so many girls on our team like that we do like, you know, shoots with and content, all of them. The ones that are single are like, literally if he says I own a home, they're like, oh my gosh. 'cause the amount of guys that just don't, you know, they're just kind of like, eh, I'm good. I'll just like, it's just like, there's not this like feeling of proactiveness as much. Right. I know that's not true for every guy. So I'm not gonna like, you know, stereotype No paint with too broad a brush.


But There is a Yeah, I know. But I do find that a lot, a lot of girls that are in their like late twenties and, and early thirties that are, you know, they're ready. They're like, I, I would love to be married. But all these guys that they meet, it's just like, how Gotta find somebody? I gotta find somebody that's up, up there. Yeah. And if they own a home, they're just like, oh my gosh, this is amazing. He owns a home. Right. So it's just like, man, and he's got a job. Yeah, exactly. I know. So, oh man. That's interesting though. That's good data. It's very interesting. Yeah, it is. And you know, these are things you can control. They're variables You can control A choices in your life which you can Do. Yes. You make choices. Yeah. And you can control your choices and create, when you control the controllables your path to high quality relationships, to happiness, your path to wealth is you have a higher probability of hitting those.


And so that, that's very interesting. You know, the other one we throw out, and this was a big hit on Instagram, but that the data shows us that couples that can agree on four things have a very high probability of staying together if they agree on these four things before marriage, the number one cause of divorce in North America today is money fights and money problems. So when you can agree on money, what we're gonna do with it, how we're gonna handle it, debt, savings, investing, all that kind of stuff, lifestyle, all that, when you can agree on that, that's huge ahead of time, not perfectly, but align on the values around it, the principles around it. Number two, agree on religion. Be in the same religion and regularly attend a house of worship of your religion, whatever it is.


And number three, agree on kids. Are we gonna have 'em? How many and how are they gonna be treated? Who's gonna run the house? Us or them? Are we helicopters or are we in charge of the asylum? And number four, how do we deal with the extended family? How you deal with his mother, her father, whatever, all that stuff. How do we deal with all that? And so extended family and, but it, and it tapers off like that. I mean, but if you can be in, in depth pre-marriage counseling agreement on those four things, your probability of your marriage sticking is very high.


I can, I can give you about four other variables that'll get you up in the 90 percentile that you'll still be married 25 years later. And, and, and so you graduate from school, graduate from college again, regularly attending a house of worship. Make $50,000 a year or more household income. Put all these things in there. The the numbers just go up, up, up and up on probability of success. And these are controllables. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay, you guys, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you about Aldi. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that can save your family nearly $4,000 a year from the daily essentials to organic produce, fresh meat and more. Aldi has what you need at prices that won't bust your budgets. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near today@aldi.us. That's Adi us.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright? You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well, and listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist, and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost, but we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever. It's online so you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No more waiting rooms, no long commutes and no six month waiting list. You just get online and fill out a short survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz show, co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour, and my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones here at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Catherine is in Pittsburgh. Hey Catherine. How are you? Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for having me. Sure. What's up? Hey, I am getting involved in my mom's estate.


She's 74 years old and her husband is 77 years old. They are both retired and they live on a income between social security and retirement of about $47,000 a year. My mom had inherited from her sister on a payable upon death account, a fairly decent amount of money that she spent like within a month before a family member contested the will. And 10 years later, my mom is being forced to pay that money back to the tune of $160,000. And I, my mom is not in the po they own their house free and clear, but I'm not sure exactly how to navigate this next step.


They're charging her with embezzlement because she has not paid this money back. So she can either go to jail or somehow if we can come up with some soluble financial plan. So she's in credit card debt to the tune about 125,000. So she does not qualify to put a loan against her house, which would, it's probably around $250,000 value. I'm confused how she lost this. Yeah, exactly. A thing. It is, but it the, Unless she, unless she fraudulently did a transaction, she, there shouldn't be any criminal involved.


The will, The will, the will does not supersede pay a bond on death. Well, according to the court and the lawyers that we've had, which I'm not saying they were quality lawyers at this point, I mean, it's just been in the court system for 10 years that it's just been back and forth between that lawyer and this, this is my aunt's estate. And when she died, she didn't, the lawyer that designed her will three months prior to her passing from cancer was he left his, his, her husband completely out of the will. Didn't acknowledge him. Didn't recognize him. So that's why part of this reclaimable estate comes into play because they were married over 15 years.


So he's entitled to 50% of her reclaimable state, which she had left the house to my mom also with her daughter. So they're co-owners on that house. And I can't, well, What's the status of that house? He's living there. He's living there. My, the whole plan was my aunt to Let, so she's the co-owner on it, but nobody's, but there's no ruling against her on that. Correct. Why can you offset that? Well, we, we offered to give him the house in exchange. Yeah. Because he's lived there all these years. But he doesn't want the house because he's in the early stages of dementia and his family just wants the money.


Could You Sell the house? Well then sell the house? Well, the, the other person that owns the house isn't on board to sell the house. My aunt had given, when she wrote in the deed, like she gave us a dollar amount, like if we wanted to buy each other out, this would be the dollar amount. So I presented that offer to the other owner and said, Hey, you know, I'll buy you out. And she's like, I don't wanna sell. And I'm like, okay, what do I do now? Then the lawyer says that I have to do a partition Yep. Lawsuit in order to force the sale, which then it goes to public auction instead of market. So you get half the price of what you would, if You'd actually sell necessarily on the market, but necessarily, no, it doesn't necessarily go to public auction. The partition sale can just demand the sale within 90 days and you put a real estate agent on it.


Okay. So that, so I know that that's an option. That's where the money needs to come from. 'cause apparently she's got to pay this back. I'm a little shocked. I, I'm not an attorney, but I was under the impression pay on death, superseded any Will and I and I, but I don't know. I'm, I'm not an attorney and I'm certainly not an attorney in prison. Yeah. Why didn't she put her husband in the will? Was she of sound mind? Is that what he came back to and said? She No, she was of sound mind. She, he, he doesn't read or he doesn't write. And she was afraid that his family would take advantage of him because they've always just been like that. Mm. So she put my mom in charge so that my mom would always make sure that he had a place to live. The taxes and insurance were always paid and yada, yada, yada.


So that was the ultimate plan. Gotcha. But of course, he, we can't talk to him or anything because of this case that's been happening. So Yeah, I'm gonna force the sale of the other house and find the money to pay this back. Your, your mom and dad's house, what's it worth? Around two 50. Okay. And the balance on this judgment is how much? One 60. Okay. And she's got one 20 in credit card debt. Right. So I don't like these, I don't like anything in this conversation and you don't either. It's not fun. But before I go to jail, I'm selling my house. Well that, and I, they live in Ohio, so I wasn't sure that, I don't, I, my lawyer's checking in to see what those laws are, if they can force that sale or that lien on that sale.


No, no. I'm talking about your mom and dad's house. Right. But yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's in Ohio, this property and this estate Thing is happening in Virginia, but they have changed this. What I'm, what I'm also confused about is, are they saying because it was a federally insured bank, that she wrongly took the money on a POD account on a paid on death account and they're calling that a federal crime. Well, That's, she's actually been charged with a federal crime, Correct? Yes. You're sure? Yes, yes, most definitely. Okay. Then they had, they had to, then they had to, because it's a federally insured an an FDIC bank that, you know, monkeying with them makes it a federal crime is the problem.


But I don't understand how she monkeyed with them. I think it's a well that I thought, I thought it was a civil matter, but I'm, again, I'm not an attorney. I'm, I'm just aghast at this whole story. So, well, and that's, That's what our, we went from a, our paid, because he doesn't do cri, our paid lawyer, he doesn't do criminal law. And again, it's this, it's my uncle's family that's forcing the state to, to file these charges against her. It's, It's not the state, it's the Fed. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, so that's Fbi, that's, it's Is saying that she, If you with a federal bank, it's the FBI that files the charges. Well, the, that's what we don't understand the embezzlement charges because technically she was entitled to this money.


That's what I mean, because a table upon death account, I don't understand 'em either. It doesn't make sense. So he doesn't understand. If you were, if you did a fraudulent transaction and stole the money outta the account, I can imagine that the feds would get down on your head. That makes sense. Right. But this was not fraudulent in any way. It was simply functioning off of the POD, the paid on death. I don't know. Again, I'm just, I'm practicing law here on the air, which is really dumb 'cause I'm not any good at it. So, All Right. So I, yeah, I, I'm forcing the sale of the other house with a petition. If I can't pull that off. Your mom and dad have to sell their personal home if there's no other way to stop these criminal charges. 'cause I'm not putting a 74-year-old in jail. I'll, I will sell my home before I do that. I'll sell her home before I do that.


So I, but I can't even imagine how we got here. But you don't sound like someone that's blowing this out. It sounds like you actually know what you're talking about. And so that makes me think I don't, 'cause I don't know how we got here. Wow. Scary. Whew, Man. People do your will. Tell everybody in the will how it's working, and then tell the rest of 'em to shut up before you die. If you're gonna piss people off, do it before you die. One last hoorah.


Hey, George Campbell here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about. And all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Y Refi. If you've got defaulted private student loans, that means you don't have any momentum. Well, we get that. No judgment. But also nobody's coming to bail you out. So take charge@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. They offer refinancing to a low fixed rate built just for you. You can get back on schedule and then get them paid off. It's cool. Private student loans that are in default, that's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Ian in Louisiana. My partner, my partner and I recently had our first kid before we were together, I used to, I used to save money like crazy. Fast forward to now, and I realized she has a massive amount of credit card debt and student loan debt. She also has a mortgage on her house that's very high. She has a job, makes her payments fairly regularly, but there's no sense of urgency to pay anything off. For the first time in my life, I feel like I can't save any money because I'm trying to keep her and our household afloat. I don't know if there's a situation, I don't know if there's a solution, but there's resentment building in me and I don't know what to do.


Hmm. Well this goes back to what we were talking about in an earlier segment, last hour of playing house and just trying to do life together. And it's not working. Yep. It's not working because I mean, I don't know if there's a solution. Well, I do. You guys are living together and you have a baby. Maybe you get married. Maybe we get married and go to about seven marriage seminars Or a lot of therapy. Yeah, well, yeah. And or yeah, Yeah. And start working together as a team, and all of a sudden stuff starts moving and happening. But this whole idea of just trying to play like, we are married and we're doing life together, but we're not really, and because of that, she has these over here, I have this over.


You can't build a life together. You just can't. It's not, you can make a human together, but you can't seem to pay your bills together. Well, one, I mean, seriously. This, I mean, this, this is what, Hey, she has a house. You don't. That's a good point. Yeah. You know, so, I mean, so what would I do if I were in your shoes? I'll, I'll stop all the sarcasm. It's hard for me, but I will stop it for, for a moment. It's a, it's a spiritual gift, but I'll stop it for a moment. Okay. What would I actually do if I sat down with you and was not just poking fun at you? I would say young man, the best thing you can do for this young lady, for you and for this baby, for your future, the highest probability of you being able to have a quality life and build wealth is for you to get married as a part of getting married.


Sit down with a good marriage counselor and act like you're doing pre-marriage counseling. It's too late. But you need to do pre-marriage counseling and start learning to work together. I would put you into our class Financial Peace University, where you both have a point of discussion about debt, about budgeting, about living on a plan for our future. But you're hovering around the fringes of this throwing grenades back at her, and she's been doing the best she knows how to do while you stand on the outside looking in, and it's time for you to step up. You made a baby. So step up, take care of business, be a man, and the two of you sit down together, get married, and start planning a future together.


And then you have footing to have a discussion about honey. I need to be in, I, I it's very important that for the future of our child and the future of our marriage, that we are on the same page on getting out of debt on the same page, on spending on the same page on saving money and investing for the future of this child on the same page with money in general. And we've gotta spend some time and effort on that. It's time for us both to do adulting stuff. And I, I've let you down to this point, but I'm not going to anymore. And I would be very proactive Yeah. In that discussion and in that part of your relationship. And then, and then do you have the footing, relationally, legally, everything else to bring her to the table and have a discu, a serious adult discussion about let's, let's be both be grownups and let's get this mess cleaned up.


So, but yeah, that, that's what I would do. Now, I don't know if you're gonna do any of that. I kind of doubt it, actually. And so I think this is gonna be, if you don't, I'll go ahead and tell you what's going to happen. You're both going to struggle. And this kid is in a world of hurt because its parents are nuts. That's, that's what's really gonna happen if you don't fix this. So it's, it's gonna be a long hard life. And so, but you, you can turn it around. Lots of people turn it around. They just make a decision today. I'm gonna change. And you, they, that's the beautiful thing about human behavior. You can just look at it and the side. That's stuff that's simple.


Dave is in Phoenix. Hey Dave, how are you? Doing well, thanks. How about yourself? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Yeah. So my wife and I we're hoping to gain perspective around our financial situation and whether it's reasonable for us to start thinking about scaling back from, you know, a traditional nine to five situation. How old are you? 39? Yeah, we're both late thirties. Okay. And what's your net worth? It's around 2.8 million. Way to go. Great job. What is it you wanna do with your life?


Well, you know, maybe travel. I hope, I hope you're not gonna tell her shit on your butt. Yeah. You know, do nothing. No. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we've been, you know, we, we've put off traveling. We've been together for about eight years and, you know, we, that's something that we've wanted to do. And so I know that you can travel and still work and stuff and, and, and, and we would still want to work and, and earn an income. And What do y what do y'all do for a living now? Yeah, so she does hair, you know, kinda like, you know, hair and makeup stuff. And then I do online stuff like e-commerce stuff. So you don't have a nine to five?


Yeah, that's it. That's the nine to five. It's nine to five. You do e-commerce in your living room. Is it a, is is it flexible or you have to like be on the clock at nine with your, with your job? You work for somebody else? I do, yeah. I work for, for, for a company. So I'm employed. Oh, I'm Misunderstood. Is she on her own? Does she freelance or is she working like for an agency? So she, she does a, a chair rental, but Oh, okay. Yes. I mean, she's still a regular Yeah, she's a regular client, so she services. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. So where'd the 2.8 million come from? Just like 20 years of being frugal and working hard thought. You said you were 30?


I was 39. 39. Almost 40. Okay. 39. Yeah, basically 40. Okay. Yep. And then there was some liquidation of some, you know, stocks and that sort of stuff. Okay. Is your house, It's broken up between, I'm sorry, Is the two, the 2.8 includes your home? No, So we actually rent, funny enough, but the 2.8 is broken down between, there's about 1.8 in cash that sits in like CDs and high interest agents accounts. Why? And then there's about a million in, What do you have? 1.8 in high yield savings? I don't know. I Don't either. Maybe you go buy a house, Dave. Yeah, No, I'm serious.


I mean, let, let, let's say you made 3% on that and you could have made 12 9% of million is 90,000 bucks a year. You're losing. So yeah, you need to get that invested. That's a sidebar though. So you need to get with a Smart Vista Pro and sit down and start laying out an investment game plan. But yes, you could start doing freelance with your skills from the road, from your laptop, and you guys can travel and your wife could go to two weeks a month and you guys could travel and your income wouldn't drop that much. I, what I don't want you to do is do nothing because it's not good for the soul.


Yeah. Right. Your soul, your soul is better when you were, are serving, you're happier when you find some way to add value to someone else's life. And just going around the world and, and collecting margaritas is doesn't do that Might for a year. Yeah, It does not, it does not do that. It does. Somewhere around the, somewhere around the 11th day it starts to go away. I'll, I'll Tell Cabo Dave that. Yeah. I'm just telling you. Cabo, Dave Cabo, I'm, I'm speaking from experience somewhere around the 11th day, but I'm still, I'm still plugged in when I'm in Cabo. You are, you are the, anyway, I'll do that. This idea that we completely retire and kick back at 39 years old and Yeah.


No, and have no gainful anything is not a good plan. But you guys can, can shift what you've been doing. You Can, you can change how you're doing it though. Yeah, for sure. Totally. And I would, I Definitely would. And I would get a house, Dave, and get a house and get that money invested. Yeah. Great job though. Well done to both you and your wife. Yeah, it's Incredible. Great job. Incredible Young millionaire. Wow, That's amazing.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go so you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar Budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today. Our EveryDollar team has multiple free trainings for you this month. EveryDollar is about more than just budgeting. It's about how to handle money And it is expanding and growing and the services built inside of it our new every week. And so we're constantly growing. This team is doing an incredible job. So if you wanna learn how to handle money, get in the EveryDollar app and you can join live to learn how to break the paycheck to paycheck cycle in just 90 days. We're gonna give you a step by step walkthrough of the EveryDollar app and you get your biggest budgeting questions answered. Live in the q and a. Almost 200,000 people have done this. They've just done these trainings. I mean, millions of people have downloaded the app, but a couple hundred thousand have done these trainings, so spots are limited. Sign up now, it's a free training. Go to EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Jennifer is in Seattle. Hi Jennifer, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you. What's up? So my husband and I moved back to my hometown about a year and a half ago with our four kids. We purchased a pizzeria that was failing. We basically purchased assets because no processes, employees. We had to change everything. And my question is, do we continue or do we close? We are currently, we have cut all costs, you know, cost of goods are down, all of that. Why was it failing and why is it failing?


Great question. It was failing because the, it was the previous owner was using expired products. The culture of the employees was toxic. So we were able to turn all that. We turned the culture and we're slowly going upwards, but we made mistakes in the beginning that are basically have us by the throat. My husband and I are not taking a wage. So we're basically off tips. We almost lost our house last year. We can't pay our taxes. But I, I don't know what to do because we don't feel like this is forever. I'm ready to move on to be honest, but I don't know what the wise decision would be. And the, the one person that I wanted wisdom from was you in this arena, it's been rough, Scary.


You work your, you work your fingers to the bone, then you've got bony fingers. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah, it's no fun. Okay, so no, and I Heard You, you sorry. Here's what you need to do. You need to have, okay, you guys need to have a logical reason to chart an increase in profits forecasted over the coming 12 months. Okay. So like for instance, what were your profits three months ago for the month Profits? We haven't been, to be honest, we've been just slowly going backwards.


So you're not, you're not, you're not moving Up? We're No, no, no. We're not in the profit arena. I think, I guess my my statement about moving forward is, you know, we're you're Losing less and Less. So I guess we are not, we are month to month. Yeah. So you're not profitable. We're not. No. And we took advice from a business owner. We trusted, we've never been in business. We were debt free when we moved here and we didn't know, you know what you don't know, you don't know. And we charged. So How much debt do you have? All sorts stuff. We have a lot personal credit cards. We have 37,000. We were slapped with an $8,000 penalty from l and i from an employee that we inherited.


We didn't know we had to fire our accountant. And so, you know, that gets all put on me and we owe like 15,000 to the DOR and then when purchased the business by an owner contract, So we owe him about 115,000 Hundred 15 or 50, Sorry, a hundred fifteen one, one fifteen. Okay. 1 1 5. 115,000. Yeah. So you didn't, you didn't have any cash. You didn't have any cash when you started? We had a little bit from the sale of our house in the, where we came from and we put everything here and bought what House. And did you, what did you used to do for a living before you moved there? We were pastors.


We did fine. We, we took your glass, we taught it. It was great. And we have actually encountered three personal traumas within like a six month period after everything started to fall apart. So our mind space is not in a good spot. And you know, So we we're stuck. Okay. There's, there's two things that determine when you walk away. Number one thing you determine is when you're out of gas, and I don't know where your husband is, but you're outta gas.


I'm outta gas. Yeah. You ain't gonna a fight left your fight all left. No, and I'm super strong Making you know, that I, it's not a matter of, I didn't say about, I didn't say you're not strong. I said you're outta gas. I know it's a different thing. Yeah. You can have a car that is very powerful, but when it's outta gas, it sits. Yeah. It doesn't matter how strong, it doesn't matter how many horsepower the engine generates, it's outta gas. So yeah. The second thing is, Henry Cloud wrote a wonderful book called Necessary Endings. Henry's a good friend, okay? And one of the best writers I think on the planet on these kinds of things. And he says, in anything, whether it's a job, a business, a relationship, whatever, you have a necessary ending when you lose hope logically that the future is getting better.


A a crazy example, in other words, would, that has nothing to do with your story would be like if you're married to an alcoholic and they promise they're gonna get better, they promise they're gonna go to rehab, they crash, they go to rehab, they crash, they go, go to rehab, and you finally go, I don't think this is gonna get better. This has to end and you end the relationship with the alcoholic. Okay. That's an example. Okay. In business it would be, I can't see logically a business way out. I don't see how this is going to turn a profit before we all starved to death over here. Right. We're Close. Yeah. And, and I don't hear the prophets coming. I mean, if you told me there was some kind of a, a chart with the prophets and it was hockey stick up into the right and we were just at the bottom of the hockey stick, but we're heading up, that's a plausible, hopeful thing that we could reach and get ahold of.


But so far I haven't heard that you guys even know how to make a profit with a pizzeria. So what are, can you sell the assets like they were sold to you? I think so. Yeah. We, we for sure have a contract and we've thought about that. We actually reached out to A business broker, A real estate agent. Yeah, just yeah. Yeah. If they would just take over your contract with the, if they would just take over your contract with the former owner, that would be a win. Okay. And then you go clean up the credit card debt, you go clean up the eight K, the 15 K, you can do that when you get jobs again. Yeah, Right. But that one 15, if someone else can take that over is what you're saying?


Yeah, Yeah. The contract of the business. Yeah. Yeah. If the, if the former owner that you owe money, the 115 to would agree to let someone else take over and release you from liability on that contract and that's all you get for the business. I'm gonna call that a win. Me too. Okay. Yeah. Well we're having a party. Yeah. Yeah. And then you go have to fight through the rest of the debt and that, that's, How hard is that to sell? It's not that hard at all. And I don't know what assets are here, but you got a pizza oven, you got restaurant goods. Yeah. You've got a a, a somewhat of leasehold improvements. I assume you're leasing the building, Correct? Yeah, we're in a big grocery store on a popular highway to the beach.


So The But you don't own real estate? No, No, no, sir. No. Okay. But you've got this location and the lease would be a assignable as a part of this too. And you could get out of that. Yeah. So if you can assign the debt to the former owner and assign the lease and call that a day, I'm probably taking it. 'cause I think you're outta gas and I don't think you see your way to sunshine. I don't. Yeah, I I don't. Would your hu I I don't hear it. Would your husband agree, Jennifer? Does he feel this too? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And we are, we're loyal. We don't quit. We just keep going. But my best is winner. Winners quit all the time. We quit doing stuff. That's stupid. Yeah. And, and beating your head against the wall.


You know, you quit doing stupid stuff. I quit doing stupid stuff all the time. I quit all the time. It's called experimenting. I found something that didn't work. The hypothesis didn't play. Okay. And your hypothesis in this didn't play. You guys go get some jobs and get, get your emotional sanity back, your spiritual sanity back. And you can actually relax and lay your head on a pillow again. You've been through hell. I can hear it. I, I'm letting this thing go. If you can get it sold, I'm gonna work real hard to get it sold in the next 90 days and get my life back and then go back into the pastor or go back into something else.


One of one night could change your future. You don't have to stay trapped in the same old patterns that have left you stuck in your money, relationships, and your life. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. Dr. John Delony and I'll show you how live the money and relationships tour is starting this week. Join us in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City. It's down to the wire. So grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Krista's in Asheville, North Carolina. Hi Krista, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Oh my gosh. Hi. Hi. What's up? So I was calling because I have some questions about how to combine my finances with My fianc. We're getting married in 12 days. Yay. Yay. I, I know you guys really preach, you know, combining your assets and finances and I really wanna do that. Unfortunately My fianc is really just kind of crushed by student debt. And he recently had a loan go to collections last week and so that kind of turned our world upside down. And now I'm not sure how to move forward with combining our assets.


How much student loan debt does he have? Oh, he has around 80,000. And what does he make? He makes $22 an hour. Why? So he's a physical therapist assistant and he went to a private university outside out of state. So he really just collected quite a bit during that time. And the loan that went to collections was You can make make $25 an hour at Target. Yes, we are. He actually just sent an application yesterday. He is moving on to a different job and has A lot of for, is his degree in physical therapy? Yes.


So how much more, what you making is he, wait a minute, did he get his pt? He has his PTA Oh for assistance online. He took, yeah. And PT assistant Don's make $22 or he just has the world's worst job. I don't know what they make a PT generally makes in 70 or 80 grand. No, he makes an average of about after taxes. He makes about 42,000 a year. But mean that's The market for PT assistant with a PT assistant certification. Well, that sucks. Yeah, I wouldn't pay money to get that degree. I know. And I mean, we've moved on from that. He's looking at new jobs with great prospects.


We're excited about that. That's good. What were, What are those gonna pay? Do you know more than 42? Yeah, so the first year he'll be making around $26 an hour, but after the first year, he'll bump up to about 39. Okay. Working per, What do you mean per an a? Okay. I'm self-employed, so I make my, my monthly amount kind of ranges every month, but I average about four to 5,000 a month Profit, taxable income After everything. It really kind of drops down to a about 38 a month. So you're not making any money either.


Yeah. How, how long Have you had this business? I, this is my second year in business. Okay. Is it growing? Yes. Good. It needs to. Okay, good, good. Because I mean, if you're gonna run your own business, it's hard work as you've noticed, you wanna make more than minimum freaking wage. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay, good. 'cause I mean, you're, you're, you're pouring on the Coles girl to do what you're doing. I can tell. All Right. So All Right. So you're gonna have a household income of approaching a hundred thousand. Why can we not pay off $80,000 in debt? A hundred thousand. Where are you getting that? He's going to $39 an hour in a year though.


And she's making 40. Yeah, that's where I got that. Well, in a year though. Okay. But I mean, yeah, right now why can you not pay off 80? You could first you could not be in collections and get current on the payments and then you could just pay the stinking thing off in the next year and a half, two years. So that's kind of what I'm asking. Advice wise, I really wanna set up our first year of marriage for success. You know, I really wanna tackle this debt. Yeah. Unfor I have for this to make sense. I kind of have to give you a, a really quick backstory about our past year and why we're in this situation. I live in Swano, North Carolina, and I, I live in one of the neighborhoods that was completely wiped out in the flood.


Our home is still standing, but it needs some repairs. And shortly after that, about three months later, we had both of our cars converters stolen out of them rendering us with no cars to get to and from work. Oh gosh. So I had to take out two additional cars. Why Did you not put converters in? Just why didn't you get a converter and put in It's, it's illegal for a California emissions Prius to have an aftermarket. Pardon? So insurance wrote them off as total losses gave us $800 and said sorry. And obviously $800 is not enough money to buy a car. So wait, wait a minute. Wait. I bought my wait. If, if they write it off as a total loss, they have to give you the entire value of the car.


Right. Which they deemed it $800. Oh, I don't care what they deem it to be. It wasn't $800 before the converter got stolen. I agree. You have to go back and fight your insurance claim. You got screwed. I know, I I So you own the house that got gutted? Yes. And our house is not gutted. It's still standing and it's completely paid off. So we we're very flat. Are you living In it? We just, yes. Okay. But it still has damage from the floods. It does have some damage. It needs about, it needs a new roof on our, our property. It has our house and it has my trailer in the backyard, which is where I hold all my inventory for my business and it needs a new roof because things are leaking all over my merchandise.


Okay. Which is gonna cost around 8,000. Okay. So honestly, I'm, I'm trying to figure out what do I tackle first? Do I pay out these, these car loans, the trailer roof? Or do I immediately start tackling what, What is your, are you doing your business online? I have a storefront and I have business online, but one of my stores got completely wiped out in the flood as well. So that's kind where my, where the bulk Of your business, where's the bulk of your business coming from? Online or storefront? Storefront. Okay.


Rent a storage, a mini storage. Okay. Even if it's inconvenient. 'cause you don't have $8,000 for roof and you can't let your inventory get ruined. So move junk, move your junk, okay. And then start saving money. And then what you've gotta do is you have to prioritize the, you have to prioritize these issues. Okay? We have a roof, we have car issues, we have a roof on the house issue and we have $80,000. Okay? Yet this has nothing to do with why you called. By the way, you still are gonna combine your finances 'cause you've combined your life and you got as much mess as he's got.


When your roof is leaking all over your inventory, that's probably worse than being behind on your student loans. So, you know, you got, you guys are sitting, you both are walking into crisis upon crisis. So you just gotta prioritize. How do you eat an elephant a bite at a time. So let's force rank what we're doing with these things. Let's work our butts off and EveryDollar we can squeeze, goes to force rank number one, EveryDollar. We squeeze goes to force rank number two after that. And so I'll help you get current on the student loans. One, move the stuff to mini storage, then number two, build the roof and bring the stuff back outta mini storage. Number three, upgrade your cars and get moving again on those. Just do something like that and you lay it down and you guys have got enough money combined if you both get in gear and both work 27 hours a day.


I mean, you're just gonna have to be working like maniacs to clean this mess up and how much you guys own on the cars. Metaphorical mess, as much as it is an actual mess. How much do you guys have on the cars? So I have a $12,000 loan on my car and he has a $7,000 loan on his, Okay? Those cars were worth more than $800. I don't understand how you accepted $800. I would not have accepted that. If you're gonna total my car, you, the policy says you have to pay the, to the whole bill, the value of the car. And so you may need to contact an attorney and go back and fight this insurance company on this. But what they're doing is they're trying to dodge anything in your area on claims.


'cause they've gotten slaughtered on claims in your area and so they're screwing people. Is this State Farm? Yeah, I, I appealed it and I reported it to the state agency. Unfortunately, my claim was just kind of denied. So I was given a final offer of $800 again and they said that was the best thing To you. Yeah, I can give you a final offer. I'm gonna sue your butt State Farm. Is that, is that who it is? It's no, it's a local company. Okay. Based in Nashville. Okay. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna file suit on 'em for, for 15 or 20,000 bucks. I'm gonna give 'em a hard time.


So you've just got some things like this. You've gotta line out some stress points and decide, okay, this month we're gonna attack this one. This month we're gonna attack this one. The other possibility is load up everything and leave and go somewhere else and rent a, rent a house and start your lives with careers and your storefront in a new location and sell the property. And that'll clean up a bunch of the debt. That's a possibility too. Call every customer you,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now.


All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.