
Welcome to The Ramsey Show America. Thrilled to have you with us. This is where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. The phone number to jump in for you is triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, joined by the fabulous Rachel. Cruz joins me. It's always fun when we're together, we always have some fun calls. She'll be our resident money expert today. And I'm your resident work expert, otherwise known as income. I'm the guy to help you make more money, Mo money, mo problems. Mo money, more problems is what They say. And so we'll, we'll talk about those problems that you're having, so we always have a good time with it.


Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. You ready to go? Yeah, let's do this. All right. Very good. Let's go to Stella in Tucson, Arizona. Stella, how can we help? Good morning. Thank you for taking my call. You Bet. What's up? Nice morning in my, my time zone at least. I was wondering, How, do I protect myself in a family trust And I can give you a little Yeah. Tell us a little bit more. My parents are putting their property into a trust for all of myself and my siblings. It's been mostly completed. They haven't finished the final paperwork on it. And, I'm looking at finishing a house that they started on the property 20 years ago.


It's gonna be part of the trust. Is this a good idea? And how do I make sure that like I don't get sold out. Yeah. So will you guys be splitting their primary home then? How many siblings do you have? I'm the oldest of nine. Oh, wow. Okay. So, so nine of them will be splitting the primary residence, but you're saying on the property is another home that you are putting money into? Yes. The, it's actually going to be the primary home. It's, they've been working on it for 20 years and they live on a second, second home in, on the same property. Okay. Okay. So with the, what was the what for you to be, you're using your own money to fix up this property?


Yes. Okay. And what was the motivation for you to do that? It's an amazing property and the house once completed will be absolutely amazing. And we've been looking at moving and for the cost to finish out this house, I, I can't even touch it to buy it. Okay. Other property. Okay. Similar. So, yeah, I mean, I would sit down with the siblings, with your pa well, with your parents, probably first and foremost, And. I would, I would lay out exactly how much out of pocket you have put into this property and that you wanna be able to recoup that in the instance of a sale. So if they go and sell the whole property and they sell and they sell both structures, if you will.


Right. You should come out ahead of your siblings because you're upping the, the value of the property, but it's within your own money. So being able to get that at least back out. Do you have good records of everything you've put into it? We haven't started yet. I'm, I'm making sure I, Okay. Oh, so you've ama this money, you've got all this money saved up? Yes. Yes. And, and, and how much are we talking about To finish out the house? We're looking at 60 to 70,000. Okay. And how much could you sell it for? Like how much would it sell for today versus if you fixed it up? That's what I Wanna know. Well, today with the unfinished house, I am not sure what the, the value is.


'cause it was based, be based off the other home that the four bedroom home, the home we're looking at, finishing out is an eight bedroom home. Right. But the question we're asking is, and you may not know, but this is something I think you can know, is to sit down with a really good real estate professional. And if you don't have one, okay, Ramsey, we've, we've got some great options for you. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. We've got all these slashes. The point is, is you need to find a, a good expert to say, if I put 60 to $70,000 into this house, what do I think that is going to evaluate the what will the new value of the property be? Isn't that what you're getting at?


Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And, and so let, lemme just say with home Reno because with how old are your parents? Sorry, I have so many thoughts. My dad's in his seventies. Okay. My mom's a few years younger And they'll be on this property until they pass, correct? Assuming so. No, my mom, if my dad passes first and he's got some health issues, okay. She's gone. She doesn't wanna be on the property. Okay. She's too far out in the country for her. Okay. Okay. That's good to know. Well, 'cause I was gonna say, just for your benefits, if I'm gonna be putting $70,000 into a property, you know, you wanna run the comps and make sure that, again, not only do you recoup that, but you get out of it to a degree.


I agree the value because Ally, you could put 70 grand in an index fund and make 12%. You know what I mean? So like this is an investment that you're making and that needs to be said out loud. And, I and, and, and it gets messy 'cause it's a family property. But I would get all nine siblings on an email. And, I would get things in writing the plan of what's going down. The more communication the better. Okay. So that's in my opinion how you protect yourself in this situation. But I mean Okay. And it may just because you love the property and you think it is a really great investment and you work it out with a real estate professional and you really figure out, okay, this is what I can recoup and it's worth it on my end for the energy, the time, my money. Yeah. I wanna get a good amount out of it, but also just no sell it.


It gets real messy, real fast with Yeah. Redoing properties period. 'cause you're gonna gonna get in there and they're gonna tear drywall down and be like, Nope, you got black mold and it's gonna cost, you know, 20 grand more to do this or that. Like it can get real expensive real fast. So just know that ahead of time it's gonna take longer and more money. And then you put the family dynamics on top of it. Ken, it can So, I have A question. It can get messy. Yeah. Stella, I may have missed this, but are you guaranteed that you're going to get this house at some point? What the conversation has been, and I've included siblings in this and everybody's on board with us doing this. Nobody else wants the property right now because No, I didn't ask you. I understand that. I'm saying, but answer my question.


is it guaranteed? And, and, and, and if it's not in writing, where is it in the sense that you personally will take ownership of this house at some point in the future? Is that guaranteed? It's Guaranteed that we can live there. I don't have in writing that it's our house. Alright. I'm going somewhere with this. I don't like this move. I wouldn't spend a nickel on this. You called to ask our opinion. I personally Yep. Would not put one nickel into this home unless you knew. And what I mean by new is it was in the will or it is actually transferred to you. I wouldn't put a dime into this, I just wouldn't. Yeah. Or you guys just outright buy it and make it.


That's what I mean, your primary residence. Unless you own it and you put your money into it Right. And and redo it. But that's My point. Yeah. I I'm, I'm, this is me. Okay. Maybe I'm too cautious. I, for all the reasons that Rachel laid out and she's right. Why, I guess here's my question. What in the world would cause you to put any money into this right now when it's so up in the air and it's just too complicated? And, I didn't realize you guys were gonna use this as your primary residence. Stella, I thought you were gonna fix it up and then when they passed or moved on, you guys as a group was gonna sell it. You're gonna move into it. Save The money, invest it. Yeah. We're planning to hold the trust like nobody's planning to sell. At least, you Know, but but are you, are you gonna move into it? You and your your immediate family? Yeah. You and your husband. Okay. So then that's a D deal.


Wouldn't do because now you are that you don't have real estate then under your name. And as the years and decades goes on and that value then, then there's nothing. You don't have it, you know, to your, to your name. Does that make sense? And real estate is one of the biggest parts of your financial portfolio. Yeah. Don't do it. Don't do it. Yeah. If you wanna fix it up Okay. In all of that. And you guys decide, hey, here's what, here's what I'm gonna recoup out of it. Here's, I don't like that either. The growth of it. That's the only, that's the only way I would do it. I don't think I would Okay. Buy a home unless I would. It was deeded to me. And I bought it out outright. Yeah. Don't fix up a home that you don't own. Okay Listen, the audience in the lobby is agreeing with me here. Save the money, look at 'em.


Thumbs up everywhere. Save the money, invest the money. And then when it becomes yours, fix it up. Watch, fix it up. Shows if you need to scratch that itch, don't do it. It's not a good move. Sorry to be cranky. This is The Ramsey Show. You're Not cranky Ken.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could Be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by Foreside Fund Services LSC.


Welcome back to The. Ramsey. Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel. Cruz joins me. So excited that you're with us by the way. We have a fabulous, fabulous live audience today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions. And so come one, come on. We'd love to see. We just took pictures. Rachel Cruz, And I on the break with some folks who traveled from Germany. Unbelievable. It was exciting. And they had cowboy boots on and everything. Yeah, One guy, I was like, they're so Nashville, it's great guy. One guy was from Minnesota. I don't know how he got to Germany, but we're glad he's back. One. One lady was from the Netherlands, maybe a couple. And they got excited about my sweater 'cause that's what the soccer jersey, oh that's the official jersey color of the Netherlands.


So anyway. Wow. You're so sporty, so athletic. I am. Just call me sporty Ken today. Just, Just sporty spice over here. Speaking of sporty things, how about smart decisions? I don't know what the connection is to sporty there. I tried, it didn't work, but here we go. So August, Rachel, we always have these great deals, right? And so we have a bunch of great books on sale for only $12, including my book From Paycheck to Purpose, gonna help you figure out what your path is to making money and experiencing meaning. And then your book know yourself, know your Money, beating that comparison trap that makes people spend money they don't have. These are just two bestsellers that represent a lot of bestselling books all on sale until August 31st for only four more days.


My goodness. $12 Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's where you go get 'em. Alright, Brianna is up in Tampa, Florida. Brianna, how can we help? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. So. I actually am trying to figure out what I should do to kind of up my income. I am considering returning back to school, but I don't know if that's really the answer right now. Mainly because I have so much debt that I'm would like to pay off eventually. That's the goal. But I do know that I have an income problem. Okay. And. I'm just trying to figure out exactly what to do. Alright, Three quick questions and we'll dive in.


Question number one. Okay. How much debt do you have? So. I have a little under a hundred thousand. Okay. We'll just call it a hundred K for conversation. Question number two, what are you doing for a living now and how much do you make So I personally make $15 an hour. I am a thrift store assistant manager. And I love what I do, but I only am able to work part-time. That's what they hired me for. And. I'm only making that 15 an Hour. Okay. Third question. What degree or or what certificate, what are you considering going to school for and what do you think the potential income is attached to that?


So there's two different options. One would be I would have to go into more debt for sure for, and that would be like graduating with all these bills from it. And that would be nursing school. Okay. And then, and with nurses starting here in Florida, it's about 75,000 a year. Okay. And then the other option would be to be a marriage counselor. And I have an opportunity actually to pay as I go with my church's university. And with that I would, but I would have a bill every month that I would have to pay. But I wouldn't be in debt, in more debt at the end.


What Would the bill graduation, what would the bill be every month It would be $185. Okay. Well and that certificate, Brianna, through your church, is that like an accredited program that you could use? Yes, it's accredited. Well it would have to be a degree to do counseling And you could, well that's why I'm making sure that it's not something within their church that you can only counsel in their church or something. That you could actually use it out in the marketplace as well. Yeah. Correct. Yes. Okay. What's the total bill on that? How many years are we talking about? It would probably, it would be four years altogether. So four years. Let's round it up to two a month. So 2,400 a year. So we're looking at about 9 90, 500 some nine grand. Nine plus. Okay, well, so couple things.


number one, you're broke and you make very little money. Yeah. So paying for school right now is not an option. It's a pause. Right? It's a pause. I do have other income though, just to say like my husband, I am married, And I, my husband. Oh well what's your combined income? Sorry. So that is roughly about, I'd say $3,500 per month. And what does he do? So he works two different jobs. He actually works at Taco Bell at night making $12 and 50 cents an hour. And then during the day, he actually just started a job this week that is a full-time position working for LifeLock Insurance.


And it ranges just based on sales and how many hours he works. Like he gets bonuses. So it ranges from $13 an hour up to 20. Okay. Alright. Couple things. Both of you need to be thinking about your talent, your skillset, and where we can make the most money with that. So lemme just take you for example, you're an assistant manager of a thrift store and you're making $15 an hour and you're only getting part-time hours. So you're obviously very good with people. Yes. Yes. Okay. I would be looking for management positions, full-time management positions in a variety of, could be retail, could be maybe an office manager, I don't know.


But the skillset, am I organized? Am I really, really good with people? And communicating and serving because you need to be looking at, I'm talking about a Walmart job. Okay. Which is nothing to sneeze at. And, and lemme tell you why I'm saying Walmart as an example, and I'm not trying to hang this on you. Okay? But right now you're only working to get out of debt and save money and then eventually fund your future. That's the order of this right now. So lemme tell you why I like Walmart. Okay? Walmart is paying for people's college educations. So you take that thrift store management skill and you go in and go, I'll tell you what, I'll take the graveyard shift, I'll be a manager or I'll go in and I'll start here And.


I'll work my way into being a manager within six months or a year and I'm making 18, 20, 22, 20 $5 an hour somewhere in that range. Alright? And then they're gonna pay for my college and they'll pay for nursing school. This is happening with big companies like this. I think Target does it as well. Check me on that. But I know Walmart does it. They made a big announcement coming outta Covid. This is the path for you. So no debt at all the rest of your life, but we've gotta increase our income. If your husband, by the way has basic skillset, you know what I'd rather him do? I'd rather him go to a trade school and cash flow through a trade school and he's not working at Taco Bell anymore.


He's working as an electrician or an HVAC and he's making 30, 35, 40, 40 $5 an hour. If you guys can buckle down and go, where are we able to make the most money in exchange for our time? And then you walk through the baby steps. And, I want to hand it to Rachel to walk through that a hundred thousand in debt and have her cast some vision through our baby steps. But I just wanted to preach at you there for a minute. And, I'm preaching in a belief standpoint. I believe you guys could be making way better money, which will help you pay off the a hundred grand And I. Think if we focus on that and you go to a Walmart or another company like that, that may pay for your nursing.


I I just, yeah, I think it's, that's coming. That's down the Line. Yeah. And it's finding other, other options too, Brianna, because when people say, you know, and I'll quote it back to you, but you said at the beginning of the call, well if I do this right, I have to take on debt. If you took debt off the table and just said, okay, so now what am I, what are now what are my options? It's gonna force you to be more creative to either think, okay, I need to find another job, be patient and save. I need to find a job that maybe will attri, you know, could contribute to my tuition, like what Ken was saying. And also being in an environment, Brianna, that, that has an upward trajectory, which is why I like an element like a Walmart or something. You can use those same skills, but you're going to continue to raise your income. Right. And so that's right. You know, and not there's anything wrong with thrift stores or all of that, but I think for a temporary solution it's fine, but your long-term career path for the rest of your life, we want something that you can grow into, right?


And so putting yourself in those positions, like what, what Ken is saying is so great. And, I, And, I wanna encourage you too. You know, the, the world today, it is shifting and there are still jobs that require a college degree. Absolutely. Yeah. And fields, obviously nursing you have to go get schooling for or counseling even. But there's, there are many companies that are paying, you know, 40 grand, 50 grand a year and you could be a personal assistant. You can do online. I mean, you can find a niche That's right. That you don't need a college degree to just up your income in general. Sure. Now, you know, our goal and what Ken's goal is, is to be able to, you know, find something long term for you that you love and are passionate about. But I, I'm with Ken. I think in the meantime you guys can find some other options.


So hold on the line Brianna. Christian's gonna pick up 'cause I wanna, I'm gonna gift you guys I Ken's whole assessment And find the work you're wired to do. Yeah. The and his assessments. Yeah. To, to, for you and your husband both to check that out. And, I. Think once you get those incomes up, then you start really attacking this debt's, right? And you do that by the smallest amount to the largest amount. So that's right. Hold on the line and Christian will pick up and, and get that stuff for you. Just Quick perspective, what can we do to pay off 30 grand a year in debt? That's a goal That would get us to that a hundred thousand pretty quickly and then we can move forward on the work we really want to do. This is The, Ramsey Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xander Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt, then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz joins me and we are here for you taking your calls about your money, your income, your relationships, your situations around all of that. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. John is up next in Orlando, Florida. John, how can we help today? Yes. my question is basically to determine if I just have too much cash sitting in, in, in my core account. I own my home, I own my vehicles And, I basically have 92% of, of my invest of my money sitting in cash or treasury bonds.


How much is that? And about four, 4,100,000. Okay, hold on a Second. Done. John, Hold on a little cough. You have $4.1 million basically in cash, if I heard that right? That's where they're sitting in cash accounts. Correct. In a cash account with and then I Well, and part of that is a million dollars in, in a 20 year treasury bonds that have bought over the past year at an average of like 4.82. Okay, so about 3 million is in a cash account, Correct? Yeah, you have too much, But the bonds are extremely liquid.


I, you know. Well, yeah. So John, how old are you? 61. 61. Okay. What's caused you not to invest on any level, whether that's real estate or the, the market, the stock market, like what's caused you not to invest? Well I, I'm, I've been in real estate. I do have a few retirements accounts that, you know, that are in some stocks like Google and Amazon. How much And I start the retirement total of 273,000 in between a rough and traditional and set. Okay. So no 401k, nothing like that.


Well, I own some real estate that will be paid off at that. Yeah. I've not done a great job with that. No, No, no. We're not judging at all. We're just trying to get the full picture of the total amount of money you have available. And, and so your opening question was, do I have too much money in cash accounts? And the answer is yes, you do. We'd like to see you invest that with our strategy. Yeah, I mean I think, I think that You're still a young guy For sure. And I and, and just being able to look to say, hey, I, you know, with the, the average growth, you know, 10, 11, 12% what that could get you, you know, John, your money making money is basically what it is. 'cause right now when you say that you, that's all liquid, is that sitting in just like a high yield savings or is that a traditional savings account?


Where do you have at 3 million? It's like a, it's like a Fidelity, you know, they have these money markets and they Yep. The one I'm in pays 5.27 Yep. Right now. Totally. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then the, And then the bond, the treasury bonds, which has gone way up because those yields have gone down. Yes. You know, it's at 4.82. Yep. So I figured rather than taking any risk, I'm just sitting on the site making 5%. Right, right now. But that's gonna change. Yeah. But have you done the math on the, on the, on the compound interest if you got in the game, Yeah. You're scared. What, what, what is your, this is all fear and there's nothing to be ashamed of, but I've never talked to anybody that told me the story.


You just told me. That's, that's astounding. It's truly amazing. You're certainly not hurting. You're 61. You, you got a lot of money in the bank. You're safe man. You're safe. Right. But you know, you called us. Are you starting to feel as though I should probably be investing a good chunk of this? What, what, where can we help you? Because you're just afraid to death of the stock market and mutual funds and the whole nine yards. It's just fear. It's driving this Actually I've watched a lot of the shows and the mutual funds seem appealing. Okay, good. Well we've got a strategy for that. Yeah. I mean For sure. Yeah. So, I I think. John, are you married?


Yes. Yeah. Okay. So. I mean if I were you tonight I think you and your wife go buy a nice bottle of wine 'cause you can afford it and sit down, open it up and you guys start dreaming dream about, hey, where do we wanna be? We're 60, let's just say the Lord's been good to us and we live till we're 90, we got 30 years. What do we wanna do with this money? And there's a really interesting book, John, it's called Die With Zero. I want you to buy it. I don't agree with a hundred percent of it, but it's a very interesting take. Oh boy. On, on And, I, And, I. Think it leans more in a John's case, right? If, if there is a lot of wealth, what the role money plays in our life and what you wanna do with it. Because this book argues, which I think in your case would work not for everyone listening, but in John's specific case, you know, that, that to enjoy your money and it's not just spending it all, but if you have kids, John, and you wanna be able to, to help them, you know, do you await till you know, you, you're gone at 90 and your kids are 60 and they, you know, or or is there stuff you can do now?


Yeah. You know, with them to, to help that legacy happen in real time. The the generosity portion, you know, charity and, and what you give to is there, is there more you could be doing kind of in these buckets with the money you have today while knowing yes, you need to live off of this for 30 years, but, but, but I all that I'm saying all that to say you're in a great position just to dream and we say dream and hd, like put pictures to words as Dr. John Delony says. But you and your wifes tonight sit down and just say, Hey, what do we wanna the next 30 years to look like? Because the truth is, John, you get on this call and do nothing and you're gonna be fine to Ken's point, I mean, you're gonna be fine. Yeah. But, but I think also to say, Hey, what if we grew a percentage of this and look for the next six years and we put it in some mutual funds, maybe some, you know, growth and income, aggressive growth, you know, picking out some good mutual funds.


I have good track records and putting a portion of it and just seeing, and then you look up in five years reevaluate and be like, Hey, I agree, we like that. You know, so you can, you can step into this. I think there's some personalities that are like, put all the chips in the middle of the table and we're going all in and we're gonna make Yeah, 10, 12% starting today. And you could do that. I mean, if I were in your position, I'd lean more towards that. But I think it's okay for you guys to kind of stair step your way into it. But, but I would really advise you to sit down with one of our smart ster pros with the smart investor pro because sitting down with a investment professional in general That's right. Is gonna be really helpful. Because also, John, what's playing in the back of my mind, which we don't have time to unpack right now on this call, but you know, it, it is the, the tax, you know, implications to some of this, the estate tax, you know, all of that.


I just wanna make sure, I wanna make sure that you're doing things specifically in a really wise way that's gonna be the best for you guys in your situation. So if yeah, Christian can, can, can give you that link when we get off the phone and, and And I interview a couple of 'em. If you, if you, if you have an investment professional that you love and you trust, you know, talk, sit down and talk to them. But I think getting someone in your corner that does this day in and day out is gonna be really helpful because I do think I agree. I think you can do a lot with this And I think your money can make money. And again, not just for the sake of like, we're just gonna build a bunch more wealth Yeah. But to be able to continue to live a great and rich life Yeah. For yourself and your family and others. Yeah. I and John, I I agree with Rachel. I think going to sit down with your wife first and, and, and laying out what you want to do with that money where you'd like to see it go, have that on paper, ready to talk about when you go sit down with some of these smart vest pros.


And as you interview several of 'em, talk about it, see what their plan is and, and you get to pick the one you like. I really like that. But I also wanna just hit something for you John and our larger audience, Rachel And I just got an email this morning that was forwarded to us and it was, it was from a, a local smart vest pro that we know. And in short was telling us about a friend of his who passed in his early fifties of lung cancer tragically. But the, the, the point of the email was, is that they had invested a decent sized chunk of money for their son in a 5 29 in 2012. So here we are just 12 years later and it was an enormous sum of money now.


And what he said to us is they got 12% return over that time period. So over the last 12 years that 5 29 got 12% return. And I just wanted to highlight what Rachel said. And John, these are not numbers that were pulling out of our ear to be shock jocks. That's a real life story. And I. Just wanna underline that to say imagine the 5% turning into 10 to 12%. That's not a fairytale. And to Rachel's point, what you can do with that over the 5%, I think that's legacy stuff John. And it's really doable. So you're a smart guy. Yeah. You're incredibly disciplined. And I'll say being a, being a Ramsey at heart too, being in the market, but also real estate.


John, you mentioned that you have a couple of properties there and if And I mean that's, I mean, Dave's very honest on this show. That's where a lot of his his money is. Oh yeah. Is so, so there's, there's different proven ways to grow your money. Whether investing traditionally just in the stock market or paid for real estate, there's some great avenues out there to make your money work for you. And I think that that's a great goal. So thanks for the call, John. Yeah. We appreciate it. Pretty awesome stuff there. Wow. $4 million in a savings account. What's your problem? It's pretty impressive. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird. If that means doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM isn't health insurance, they're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman Rachel Cruz is joining me this hour. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, we go to Atlanta, Georgia now and Jimmy's there Jimmy, how can we help? Hi, thanks for taking my call. You bet. I've got, I'm 63, my wife is 52 and we have a household net worth of approximately 2.6, 2.7. Well done. We own got 400 K sitting in a money market right now and we've got five houses including our primary, which is worth about seven 50.


We owe two 20 on it and it's at 4.4% interest. And all my rental properties are within a 15 minute radius of my house, except for one that I've just completely remodeled. It's over an hour away. I'm considering selling it, doing a 10 31 tax exchange and replacing it with a house near me or B selling it and paying my house off. I like B, Can I do a C? We have really no Debt. Ooh. I like another option. I vote for B. Rachel wants to introduce C Jimmy. Standby. I would do. Okay. I would do both. Jimmy, do you need the 400 K at all for the new rental that you're gonna buy?


I mean, if you're gonna do the exchange tax wise, it's, it's gonna be this close to the same value. Is that what you're shooting for? Correct. Okay. And not test the 4 0 4 oh k No, I would take, I would take two 20 outta your 401k or I'm sorry I that Was wrong. Whoa. Hello. So hold on. I would delete, I would, I would take, I would take $220,000 out of your 400,000 that's in the money market today and pay off my house and have one 60 in there. Do the 10 31 exchange with the property, get another rental close by and there you go. You gotta pay off house. You got five rental properties paid for with one 60 in the bank and you can, you can build back up 200 grand a lot.


You, you have Rachel knows how to spend other people's money. I'm telling you. That is fabulous. I like C now I'm going with C. Would you not, Jimmy, why aren't you wanting to pay off your house? Well, you know, I just now thought of that as you were saying that This is why you call Rachel Cruz right here, Jimmy. She knows how to spend your money better than you. All right. Sometimes you just need a third party to be looking into the situation where you think, oh, I hadn't thought of that. No, it's great. It's great Idea. So that's what I would do, Jimmy. Now what does that, does that remove the house that's an hour away though, or? Yeah, 'cause he is gonna, he's gonna do that anyways. I getting rid of that one. So he'll sell that. But at 10 31 exchange you can buy the same one and not have to pay capital gains. I'm telling you, Rachel, you take the rest of the show off. That was such good advice. I'm not sure you can top that, that that's about as good as You doing.


But I think you can do, yeah, you can do both. What do you think Jimmy? Well, I it sounds good. Well, let's try that. It is a little nervous about touching that 400 K because I've been broke before. And I know you, you got a little scarcity mentality in you, Jimmy. So here's here, promise me this. I want you to do this, I want you to do it this week. I want you to pay off your house and in January, okay, we'll go through an election all the, you know, craziness of the world. Mm. And if you hate having a paid four house, Jimmy, I'm not gonna give you permission, but you could go get a heloc, right? Take some money out, put cash in the bank, Or we let you call Rachel up That's and say bad things about it on the show.


Because My point is, Jimmy, you're not going, you're, you're not going, you wouldn't go back and borrow on your home at 4%, would you And Jimmy, that's what this is. I mean that, that's what it is. That's, and Jimmy, what are the chances that you're gonna be broke again? Let's, let's let's handicap it zero. Zero. That's, I was kind of gonna go there. So How much is your rentals bringing in a month? All five of 'em. Approximately once it's said and done, about 2,500 each. So you're talking 10 grand, a one 10 grand a month, Jimmy. Beautiful. You've got more money buried in your backyard than most people will ever make. You're fine. There's zero chance of you going broke. All right, well I appreciate it. Yeah. Good For you. He's gonna get you you a better return. That's what She's doing.


And Good for you, Jimmy. I mean that's, that's hard work Ken. He's, he's, I know he's, he's done it. You live the, the American dream. Are you, Where in Atlanta are you? North Woodstock? Yeah. Yeah. I lived in Suwanee for, for 11 years. So I know where you're at, So Yeah, so you're a baby. I've, I've never been in the, the market and mutual funds or anything. And. I had met with a couple of the financial advisors that wanted me to sell the houses and put the money with them and that was kind of a red flag with me. Yeah, Jimmy, you're fine. You got property in North Atlanta area. Come on man. Yeah. And but you have, you, you don't have anything in the market? No Roth or 401k? No. Or Okay. None. Okay. Oh, I Think the money market's paying 5.34 right now. It is. Yeah. And your rentals are, are great.


I mean, I think, yeah, I mean if someone comes in is like sell everything, do it way, Does that change, does that change your opinion? No, it doesn't change my opinion, but I would I would say though Jimmy to Diversi, diversification is always good in general, right? So we just had a caller last segment where we kinda talked about this, where two great places Yeah. To invest long term is the market. I mean on average 10 to 12% returns and real estate has great returns. Yeah. Both have can, can be volatile at different times, but you write 'em out and you're good. So I, think you're fine Jimmy, I I would maybe kind of just tinker on the idea, putting some in like just a, just an index fund. That's what I'm asking you. Let's go back to your plan. You spent his 400,000 really quickly effect. No, I Effectively And, I spent, spent 200,000 of It. No, but then you said take the rest of that and get another rental, right?


No, No, no, no, no, no. I didn't. You didn't say no. I'd say leave leave one 60 in the money market. Oh good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was gonna say, oh, I see what you did. Yep. Alright, So, so my question is, I'm not saying capital gains that Yeah, of course I hate capital gains. It gives me a rash just saying the two words. I'm gonna have to calamine all over up, up to the after the break here. But the question is, is shouldn't he put some of that in the investment? I shouldn't you invest some of that money. That's What I'm wondering Jimmy. Is that's what I'm, I'm getting at. I mean, again, you're, you're gonna be fine, but I do think diversification is great. So if you did wanna look into and do some research and find someone that doesn't gross you out as a financial advisor. Yeah. Check out a smart vista pro and, and, and again, I would not go have the conversation, I would not sell all your houses and put it in the market.


Like this person said I would not do that. Right. But maybe there's an element that you have some good cash or maybe you take a percentage and just put some in the market. Just again the diversification Yeah. Spreads around risk and it's, it's, you know, it's always a good thing in general. Jimmy, You're getting a call. Alright Jimmy, We're gonna let, I think we're great. All we're We're gonna let you Go Jimmy. I appreciate the call. I think that's, that's awesome. You got a call on online. He's busy too. Jimmy. Jimmy Is a busy man. Yeah. Yeah. You got a tenant online too, the gutter. It fell off this morning. We're gonna let him get, take care of that. That's great. It's also the, I love the like 1992 era phone ring. That, that was interesting to me as well. I Bet it was a landline. It may have been a fax.


No, didn't faxes have different rings than that? Yeah, It was just a bad joke. Oh man. Okay. But I really love, okay, back to back calls. I love this example and maybe six Millionaires. And I bet, I bet First generation. I wish I'd asked both of them. I know we should have. But here's the thing I wanna point out. I want your take on this. I'm teeing you up 'cause you were talking to Neil Cavuto today. You're the big shot. Alright. Everybody's excited about the five plus plus percent, but that's not gonna be that way forever right now because the Fed has raised rates steadily. Everybody's getting that really fat percentage. They're like 5% here. Oh, on the money. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I just wanna point out that the long-term play right for a sizable chunk of money is not your money market account.


That's correct. Yes. And that that rate's not gonna be that high. And I. Interesting. The, the benefit of rates being high, the benefit and the downside. Right. The downside is that rates are high. So meaning when you borrow on money, it's going to be higher. That's why mortgage rates are crazy. Right. If you go get a car loan right now, I mean everything is just high percentage when you're borrowing that interest. But on the flip wonderful side, those of us that are saving Yeah. In things like a money market or high yield savings, we're getting higher returns than ever. I mean usually it's like 2%, right? It was up to six at one point in our high yield savings. I'm like, this is crazy. But to your point, it's not gonna be like that forever. Right? Things are going to shift and as the fed and the rates start to change, yeah. You know, we're gonna see some shifts. So yes, your long-term play for building wealth is not going to be in a high yield savings account or money market account.


And The stock market is up big time for the year. I mean we had that one big scary day where most people who aren't veterans or don't listen to The, Ramsey Show freaked out. Freaked out and then it's back and it's just fantastic. Yeah. And so the the the compound interest is your friend. It is your friend. It is your friend. It is your friend. And that's what we're preaching you. You gotta be diversified. Diversification is the key. That's what we teach. David's taught that for decades. Any of the smart investor pros that you can get access to in your areas for our larger audience listening and watching right now, if they aren't giving you the strategy that we talk about, walk away. But they will.


And I'm telling you that diversification over the long haul It is And and and man it's nice and it's 15% of your income into retirement. All right? That's what we're talking about. That's right. 15% once you're debt free and you have an emergency fund and then anything extra you have put it at your house. Once your house sells, then looking into things like a, like real estate, paid for real estate is that next step. Yeah. So yeah. But it's a great plan and some people have been very successful. So Awesome. Great job with Jimmy. That was fun to watch you work my friend. That was well played. Alright, it's been a good hour. We gotta hop. This is The Ramsey Show.


Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app.


This is The Ramsey Show, thrilled to have you with us America. We are here to help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your work and win with your relationships that allows you to have peace and to live with great purpose. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm sitting alongside Rachel Cruz And. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you this hour. Ready to coach some people up. Let's go to Crystal now. Who's in the big apple, New York City. Love the city Crystal, how can we help? Hi, thank you so much for having me. Hello Rachel. H and thank you. I truly appreciate this opportunity and got to be here.


Good. What's going On? Your advice too. Yes, so we are a family of two. My husband And I currently, we recently have a combined income recently, I mean in the last probably six to eight months of hundred 90,000 growth yearly or we had you. Okay. And that would be growth. So in that pandemic, my husband And I had the opportunity to buy our first house, which we did. Two years later we decided to rent it out, which we have. We moved out and we bought a condo recently four months ago, which we flipped and we were hoping just to continue on to this path.


Recently my husband came into an opportunity where he was offered a fully remote job, but it would be a serious cut in our income. And I wouldn't be able to work as well because it would be back home in the Dominican Republic. Which our initial goal when we came here eight years ago was to hopefully be back home with our family. So funny is that the cut is big time for living in New York because it would be down to $60,000 gross. And here in New York, the lifestyle that we are having right now, our expenses being at $8,000 a month won't make it.


So even if he ke keeps the 60 k And I stay with mine, both of us won't be able to, you know, make ends meet in New York until we finally get rid of our debt or probably sell both of our properties. so what we would like, your advice would be what would be the wisest choice in this case? Our rental income right now is on a month to month and it's $4,000 a month. And where we're at now, that house, sorry, has a 2.9% interest and we owe 3 85 on that house. What's it worth? And the right now I estimate about 500, 5 50.


Alright, let's pause for a minute. 'cause you gave us a lot of details I know. No, no, no, no. You did a wonderful job. Wonderful job. my question is, what would you need to make to live comfortably in The? Dr? We're gonna put the debt aside 'cause we need to remove the debt regardless of where we're living. But what, what would need to live comfortably in The Dr. So 60,000 would be beyond comfortable. That's where a year That's what I would And and then what could you do in The Dr? Well I definitely, my family has small businesses over there. So, I can definitely pitch in. But that would be something that I would have to re I have to, I would've to start from scratch.


Well, Hold on a second. I don't know about that. What do you do now? Well, I currently work for a retirement company for a principal. Are there any retirement companies in The? Dr? Yeah. Yes and no. Okay, here's my point. We know you have a lot of transferable experience, And I think, I think it's probably valuable that you're coming from the states with that experience. And you got a lot of connections in The Dr. True or false? True. So this idea, this notion that your only option is to go work for your family, small businesses and start from zero. I think that's a, that's not, that's not the right notion.


I think it's an incorrect notion. Would you agree with that? I would say so, yes. Okay. So it depends where we live too. I get it. But my point is, is so what's keeping you from going to The? Dr. And he takes this job but he does it there or are they saying they don't want somebody on site? They're only wanting a remote worker. So what's keeping us here is that we have the debt and we cannot leave with his job only and pay off the debt that we have now. And we would have to either, we cannot rent this condo that we just bought because we bought it at 5% down payment And Okay, so let, let me jump in on that. I'm gonna tell you to sell that anyway. You guys don't need that right now. You're in debt, you need to sell it and take whatever money you can make from that.


Yeah. How much would you make off that sale? How much would you make? That Is, that is for this condo. We just bought it three months ago and we bought it at market price, market value. So we are gonna, we either are gonna go negative or just go clean. 'cause we put in about 30 to 40 k to make it nice. Okay. Okay. And you, I Thought she told me earlier that, that it was, it was worth more than you. Are you talking about your current home? Well, that's the house. That's the House, yeah. How much can you get for the house if you sell the house? So if I sell the house, I would get like a 500, 5 50. I can push it to more, but I don't Wanna know. No, no, no. What would you clear? Yeah, What would you clear with what you owe?


So for the house only, so for the single family house that I have rented, if I sell it, I can probably have 150 K Okay. To 130. Okay. And how much other, what other, what other debt do you guys have? So currently we have around 90,000 in credit card. I would include the loan that we did to flip this a apart this condo and plus some renovations that we did to the other house as well. Okay. So in total we only owe 90. Okay. So you Oh man, if you, if well if you sell the house, sell the house, you clear one 50, use that to pay off the 90. Right. So you got, you got 60 grand over here. So I'm trying to understand Crystal. Yeah, you guys wanna be in The, Dr, right?


Isn't that what you're, that that's what you're wanting? Or are you wanting to stay in New York for longer? No, we do actually want to go to The. Dr. Okay. You go. So then why don't you go, why don't you do that? What And then, and And I would not live in the And. I would sell the condo too. Me too. Clear Everything. You may have to wait a year for capital gains and all of that. Make sure you, you look into that. But I, but I mean, I, I would go sell it all and go, you pay off your Debt. You, you said you would live comfortably off of his 60 in The Dr. That doesn't Mean, yeah, so you don't even have to work necessarily. I mean, I would do something, but you're fine. And you'd have no debt if you do what Rachel told you to do. So that's the whole point of our line of questioning. If you wanna go to The, Dr Go, what makes you not wanna do that? Or what makes you not do that plan? So the only thing that I would say is since we never put any work in the Dominican Republic buying houses or even buying, we would have to start from scratch.


So yes, we would pay the debt, but we would be on Euro Dollars. Well you have 60 grand. How much is real estate in The Dr? How much to buy a house there? Well, for it can cost 200, three, 300,000. Yeah. But, but you're, but you're both living comfortably. You said you could live beyond, comfortably off of his 60. Correct. Let's say you make 40, you guys aren't starting from scratch, you'd be able to save up for a nice down payment very, very quickly with no Debt. Yeah. You could rent in The Dr for a year. Yeah. Save up and you'll have that 60 grand, which I want that to be part of your emergency fund. But you're, you gotta jumpstart on a great down payment for a house. You need 5% is what we recommend. Well, in The Dr, they don't have 5%. It's 30% down. Oh, again, you're still fine.


Yeah. And they don't have, don't, But even if you had to. Yeah, they still don't have, but even if you had to rent Crystal at The Dr in The Dr for two years, three years, that'd be okay. Right? I mean, it's where you guys wanna be. Yeah. I mean, I would do it. That's, we've been, I'd sell everything in New York. I agree. I'd go off the credit cards and I'd go to The Dr. He's got a 60 grand job. It's awesome. And then if you make anything on top of that, that's just, yeah, I was just there. It's, it's a lovely country. That's your dream. Why delay the dream? We, Rachel And I can't figure out one reason why you would delay it. In fact, I think you put it at risk. The, the more you mess around with this current financial situation, get out of this deal and get home. My goodness, this is a no brainer. I love this idea. Ken. Do It now.


Ken, can I move with y'all? Crystal, he's moving with you. I Love The Dr. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've worked, saved, sacrificed, and been gazelle intense with your financial game plan. But do you have the right defense in place, like the right health insurance? Look, you can't walk past a doctor's office these days without getting a massive bill. And if you don't have health insurance, a major medical situation can undo all of your hard work. That's where my friends at Health Trust Financial can help. They work for you, not the insurance company. So they find you the right health insurance and they save you money. Ramsey has recommended Health Trust Financial for two decades because they're the experts. And whether you're 19 years old or 90, you can trust them to do two very important things. Listen to you then find you health insurance coverage with everything you need. And nothing you don't. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about affordable health insurance options. They could save you hundreds of dollars a month. So make sure you're not overpaying. Go to Health Trust Financial dot com today. Health Trust Financial dot com.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel. Cruz is alongside, excited that you are with us. Taking your questions about your money, your income, and your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jim is up in Phoenix, Arizona. Jim, how can we help today? Hi there. So I've been working with RV Rentals for the past two years. And I have no debt. I'm looking to maybe, well here's the situation. So I've been managing a subcontract for another guy in town. So he works for basically Cruise America. I manage the RVs for him. He makes a commission checks, he wants to get rid of the subcontract. I'm looking to take it over.


But if I'm not able to take over this subcontract, not able to find a good commercial location to, to run it out of, I was thinking about kind of running my own rental business. 'cause I've been doing this for a couple years now. I kind of know the ins and outs of the RV business. I was thinking about maybe buying my first RV with cash, renting it out, and then once I have enough money saved up from the profit from that, I could buy the next one. So on and so forth. So cash all the way through. That would be the hope. What's the, what's the margin on that stuff, Jim? I don't know much about RVs and rentals and all of that. When you, especially if you're the owner of it, what is, what, what are the numbers around it? How much are they and how much could you rent it for So?


I would probably want to go for something 2019 or newer. Probably not brand new class C motor home. We're looking at about seven, well, let's say 60 to 90 grand for each rv. What's the margin though? That's what she's getting at. So what's the margin, this Business, so you rent, how, how often can you rent it out? What do you think you'll make a year on it? The busy season is, is basically from, basically from May to September. So it's about a six month period, about a hundred, 180 days outta the year. Making about $150 an hour, or excuse me, $150 a day. So, I. Think that works out to maybe about 30 grand a year for a single rv. And then margin after, you know, fixes, repairs, housekeeping, all the fun stuff that goes with rentals.


I think, I think it's about a 15, 20% margin Is what you make. Okay. Hmm. And yeah, and this is something you, you wanna do? I mean, I guess I'm not a fan of it as a business model. That's why I'm driving on the Well, I don't like the, yeah, and the a the, the idea of owning an asset that's going down in value like plummeting year after year, after year. I mean, when you get done with it, it's not like, oh, you have a paid, you have a real estate that's gone up. Yeah, you gotta buy another one. It's Gone, it's gone down. You know? And in value, So I mean the numbers in my head. I mean, you've been doing it for two years. So honestly, Jim, you're from that standpoint, you know more than I do about this world. But it sounds like your investment could be better spent somewhere else, do you think?


Oh, perhaps. I guess, I mean, I don't know. I've, I've done lots of jobs gone back and back and forth here and there, done this and that, and I actually, actually kinda like this industry. Okay, okay. Well, so that partly why I'm leaning towards it. Well, again, if you do it with cash Yeah. There's not a, there's no risk in it right Then. Well, I mean, again, it's just the, you're burning through. So what's the life cycle of a, of an RV before you have to sell it for pennies on the dollar? Or have you thought through that? 'cause that, to Rachel's point, you're not going into debt and you said, I hope so. Our deal is, you're not gonna go into debt for this. That'd be, I think it would be catastrophically bad idea to go into debt for RV rentals. Yeah.


So the question is, what's the life cycle when you buy one of these things before you pretty, how, how many years can you get out of it? In other words, rental money. Yeah, I would say five. Five is probably the max if you're buying a brand new. And then otherwise I would probably retire 'em at 130,000 Miles. Okay. I could be doing my math wrong, Jim. So in that case, so if you bought a $70,000 one, yeah, it's, and you're making 30 on it a year, but you're only getting a 15, 20% rate of return back. Right? I mean that's, that's, that's 10, that's 10,000. So In the five years that Would take, that would take seven years to recoup that 70 grand. Yeah. I don't know. Mathematically if it makes sense, it Doesn't. And I and Jim, I am sorry. That's why I've been digging and Well, I guess you could sell it eventually, but what it would be, what it would be worth in seven years.


Yeah. What are you gonna sell it for in five years? Right. So if I bought it for 70, it'd probably be worth like 30. This is not in my mind a good business. I'm not trying to be Shark Tank guy, but I wouldn't invest in this. I don't think it's, I think, I think for the margins plus all of the stuff that Rachel just, I mean it just doesn't feel right. I know you feel like This is Yeah, you would, you would make 10 grand at the end of five years though. Right? If the math is, if the math is going through, you buy it for 70, you're making 30, you make 15 to 20%. Right? 10,000 after five years, that's 50,000. You sell it for 30, that's 80,000. So you put $70,000 into something and after five years you make $10,000 versus if you put 70 grand into a index fund.


Do you know what I mean? I'm just, I'm trying to get, I'm trying to help you. It's just not a great business. Make more money. Make more money on your money. It's got a lot of risk associated with it too. We're not even getting into And. I'm not trying to be Mr, you know, droopy dog, but I wasn't that the name of that dog that always had the pouty attitude. Droopy, Droop, ior, wasn't it James, Ben? Are you Somebody helped me out. Ben York. She's too young. Anyway. I think Snoopy was the Charlie Brown dog. No, not Snoopy. There was a dog named Droopy. And he was just Thank you, the audience. You know what I'm talking about. Okay, great. Here's the point. I'm not trying to be depressing, but Jim, there is so much risk associated with this. It's not a good business model. I'm out. Well, And it's not even, I wouldn't do it. It's not even risk on my end. It's just the numbers as you just lay out the numbers you make.


I Said numbers plus risk. Okay. I'm saying All of it combined, We walk through the numbers. Yeah. It's not a solid business model. Yeah. And then on top of that, there's so much more risk. Yeah. With the things breaking down and the I'm just saying it's, yeah, it's, it's not, I wouldn't do it, Jim. So sorry. Gosh. I know you were hoping for a better answer. No, I wanted an honest answer so that, that's helpful. Yeah. Can I, can I address something? I think that you think that this is the only thing you can do. Is that true? It's the thing I'm feeling most comfortable doing right now for sure. Alright. I'm saying you're successful, you're making good money now and, and selling these things or whatever it is that you're in.


I just, I want you to look for a better business idea. Don't be discouraged is my point. Yeah. And I. Think the line of work you're in is, is fine. I think it's when you start going into the ownership route, that's where the numbers start to play out to be like, you know, if you're making a cut of the rental thing and that's your, and that's your job, right? I mean, like the, you're making money, you're not owning the asset. And, I think 'cause the asset goes down in value so fast. That's what makes it difficult. But to, but to your point, Ken, Jim, if you're hanging on the line, Christian can pick up and I'm gonna give you out your assessment. Thank you. I'm gonna give your assessment my treat, because honestly, Ken, the, or honestly Ken, Jim, this assessment, I think it would be great. Yeah. And, I, And, I. Do think even when you said it's what I'm comfortable doing it, we all, you know, we, we do settle in comfortable.


Yeah. And not that you're not being successful or anything. I don't wanna like downplay what you're doing right now in life, Jim, but, but it, this could be a, an interesting play to just say, Hey, I wonder what else is out there. I agree. And again, what I would do is 70,000 at the end of the day is the question. I agree. You know, And, I just think you, you can make way more on that. You can. And Jim, here's the deal. The tool to get clear assessment comes with the book. Find the work you're wired to do. This is gonna help you ideate. And you just need some ideas to see what can I do from a skillset standpoint, what can I do from an enjoyment standpoint? And then there, there's where that idea, that money that you could invest and do far more. So we'd love to see you get a better business model, which was greater, greater rate of return on, on your time and the money that you're gonna invest and a whole lot less risk.


Yeah. That's the, that's the goal. And I think you can find that, by the way. In fact, I know you can. So a great point Rachel, to point out that we kind of do the thing we know as we go. Well at least I can do that. Yeah. And, I want you to see what you can Do. You know, it's interesting, and I'm not saying this is Jim specifically, but just in general, the idea being comfortable. I read the Comfort crisis. Great book. Oh, Michael Easter. Fantastic Book. Yeah. Where it's just, and it's so true. I'm like, we just, the idea of pain, the idea of change to expand and become greater. It, it, it, it takes this level of like Oh, my gosh. I have to like, you know, be uncomfortable. And I have to do something that's outside of the box that that's normal. But in order to, to continue to grow, sometimes we have to do that.


And that's true with our money. I mean that's true within our marriages and our parenting with our kids. I mean every, every aspect. Our careers to continue to grow. You can't stay comfortable 'cause you do end up being stagnant. Fun Question for you. 30 seconds till we go to break. You can handle this. You're a pro. If you couldn't do what you're doing now, what would be something that you would try that would make you uncomfortable? Favorite? Oh, that would make me uncomfortable. Oh. my gosh. You're interested by it. Interested. But it'd be outside of your comfort zone. Oh man. Oh no. Gosh, Jen. I, I don't know Ken. I was gonna see, I wanna be a political correspondent, but I don't know if I'd be uncomfortable doing that.


What would make me uncomfortable? It be different though. A little bit different. What about You? College basketball coach? It would make me uncomfortable. I've never coached. Okay. Other than just my kids. And that would be, that would put me, That's good. Yeah, that's good. Maybe doing a, doing a talk show with Ken Coleman made me really uncomfortable. That's, this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp Hagan. Folks, the Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us for right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first. And that means that I have to do the things that keep me well and whole And I know that you have to do those same things too. So don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself. And most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman Rachel. Cruz is alongside


The Ramsey Show Question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in a default and situation with your private student loans, contact Why Refi. Now obviously we don't encourage letting your loans get into default. We teach responsibility. But these amounts of some of you struggling and this is a way forward. Why Refi was created for people in your situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey. That's YREF y.com/ramsey may not be available in all states.


All right. Today's question comes from Ava in Rhode Island. After my undergraduate studies, which I did on scholarships, I was accepted until law school. I graduated under the impression that I had about $80,000 in student loan debt. I didn't know that my parents also took out a parent plus loan or loans. And they now say that I own an additional $75,000. I admit that that part is my fault. But when I was 18 years old is when they did this. And I didn't understand the ramifications of this type of loan. I have opened a law practice in my hometown, which is small, so we only have two stoplights. So my income is very low. My law license could be taken away if I default on student loan debt and the monthly payment is eight is about $800 just on the loans that I took out.


should I allow my father's paycheck to be garnished for his part of the debt or should my husband And I buckle down and take it on ourselves? Wow. Good night. Yikes. We're getting into the garnishing. So that means it sounds like there's some tension and, and and arguments about all of this. So she didn't know her parents took out $75,000. Yeah. And we hear this a lot that either it's miscommunication or you know, it's just done and right. There is no communication. And then this So I mean. Well the parent Plus phone. What's your take on the parent plus situation? What's your take on what the parents owe versus her? Well, I mean it was for her degree, but it's under their name.


I know. I mean so, so And they didn't tell her. Yep. So do you have, I just Wanna know your opinion on that. I mean, in this situation I'd rather not get into a fight with the dad and have him come after his paycheck. That's not gonna make for a very nice Thanksgiving, You know? No. Yeah. And you don't want, I mean you hate to see relationships end. Yeah. Hate to over this stuff I get is what I get outta this small town, start making some real lawyer money is What I do. I think that's, I think that's the key. I don't think you can afford to practice in your hometown. I think you have to go somewhere else. Make a lawyer your kind of money and it's gonna take a little while to get Yeah. to get everything built up. But it's Very doable. Yeah. So I think the 80 grand is her portion that she knew about.


What do you think about the 75? I know, I mean, the parents signed it, right? I know. I'm looking for an opinion over here. I've got one. I mean, I think it's the parent's responsibility at that point. If you take it out on an 18-year-old and you don't tell her that's on you. I agree. I agree. I agree. That's tough. What does the audience say out there in the lobby? They agree with you Rachel. I look at that. We got thumbs up. I love this audience. James. This is the most active audience that I've, I've been with in, in months and months and months. They're, they're giving us the thumbs up, thumbs down. It's real time focus group right here. And these are Ramsey people. So Rachel, I agree. I the sticky part is the parents may not agree. Sounds like mom and dad are not in agreement.


Well, And, I wonder. She's 18, so she's after law school. Right. So she could be in early 13. This could have been 18 years ago when all this was going On. Right. I gotta, can I go back to the audience real quick? Yeah, yeah. Audience. Do you sick the loan people on 'em and let 'em garnish pops wages. Wow. We're getting, we're getting, I got mostly yeses. One guy says no. Wow. Okay. 'cause it apparently it's gonna be an ugly Thanksgiving anyway. So, I. Think I'm siding with the audience Man. Okay. I like this real time focus group stuff. 'cause I, here's why I'm I, I'll be honest with you, I'll bailed me out 'cause that's where I was gonna go. At first I said no, but then I was like, ooh.


I started thinking through it. I know. I always just, I don't wanna be heartless. I know And, I always wonder about these situations. 'cause she's 18 when this happens. So maybe what if they had told her and she forgot? 'cause it was two separate conver, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't think they did the way she, of course we, this is why we need these people on the phone. But bottom line is, yeah. Yeah. She, she, she throws it out there. Should my husband And I take it on. So she's got some character. This is a, this is a, a woman of character here, So I. Don't know. We'll see. But it was taken out in secret. So no, I don't think you owe it in secret. I Agree. Alright. Tough one there. Ryan is up next in Oklahoma City. Oklahoma Ryan, how can we help today? Hey Mr. Coleman. Hey Ms. Cruz.


Thanks for everything you guys do. We really do appreciate it. I just had a question. It's a little bit of money, but mainly just career based. I used to work in media, tv, everything. And then I've worked in sales recently. I'm currently a senior lead generation specialist for a software company. I've been here about three months. And in the city that I'm in, the school district that's right nearby, I have friends that work there and everything. They highlighted a job that was a high school media teacher position. Something I've always kind of thought about was teaching, getting back in media, helping the next generation, but was never serious about it. And then they approached me with it. I decided to interview and then yesterday they offered me the job.


So now I'm having to decide between something really difficult because I've only been at my job three months right now. So I'd definitely be burning them if I leave. And that doesn't really sit well with me. But there is more of the long-term potential I think for the other job being back in media, helping kind of the youth of, you know, of the area pouring back into the community. So just kind of looking for any sort of expertise or guidance on kind of weighing that option. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna ask you questions and let you, you decide, okay? Sure. Do you pay attention to sports? Do you like sports at all? Yes. Okay. Gimme an example of your favorite team. Oklahoma Sooners and the Green Bay Packers. Either one. Okay, Great. Let's take, let's take the Packers 'cause it's a professional thing.


Okay, sure. We've Got, we've got thumbs down from the audience, Ryan. Yeah. Yeah. Well, didn't like your sports choices, but that's Okay. You all behave yourself. I'll tell you when I want your opinion. All right. Y'all just sit there and be quiet. Alright? I'm kidding. Of course. Sort of. So when, when, when, when a free agent Okay. Leaves the packers. All right, so another team comes to 'em and says, we want you. You're not happy about it when one of your top players leaves are you? No. But you don't think that they're doing anything immoral or that they're a jerk. They're taking an opportunity. Another team wanted 'em. They're gonna pay 'em a little bit more money and they feel like they can go play for another team and win a Super Bowl. You may not like it, but you understand it. True or false?


True. I think that's your situation. This opportunity fell in your lap. Can we say that? Yes. You you weren't out looking for it. You weren't being a jerk. Nope. You're not being unethical. No. There's nothing illegal in this move, is there? No. No. Definitely not. So here's my point. Yes. They're not gonna be thrilled that you're leaving 'em after three months, but that's not your problem. This is an opportunity to, to to kind of express your, your, your, your journey here. I can make some moves here. I can get a little bit further faster. This sets me up for the long term. Based on how you've described it. I think you sit down with you, you tell 'em that, you go, listen, I didn't plan for this.


This is, this is an opportunity that has presented itself that I can't pass up. I am so sorry to leave you after only three months, but I have to take this opportunity. And, and if they call you bad names or if they treat you in a poor way, you're just gonna have to be a big boy and handle that. But I think you have to make the decision that's right for you long term. And because of that, I I think it's the right move. Sure. I, if I can't ask one other thing with it. It is about a 20 to $30,000 difference. And I know I've recently gotten into, you know, listening to you guys and all the Yes. It'd be less For how long? Well, within teaching it's all pretty segmented.


So I'd be going from about, I'm at 75 right now and the job would be 55. Now there is commission into my job, but just base salary. I'm currently 75. What Do you wanna do? Teaching would be 55. What Do you want do with your life? Where do you wanna be? 15, 20, 25 years from now. Professional. That is the biggest thing. Currently it's this job with everything it provides, but I would not be doing this job 2, 3, 5 years from now. Right. Can you live on the teacher salary? Like Are Oh definitely. Of course I can. I'm, I'm very good with that. Well, I'm Just making sure that it's that he's not in some crazy position whereas like No, I have all these billions. No, I know, but I mean, we did the largest millionaire study ever. And the third largest group of net worth millionaires are teachers. So it can be done And, I asking. I'm Not saying it can't be done. I'm making sure I'm not talking to you.


Brian specifically can do it for his circumstances. Of course he can do it. We dunno Until we ask. Well, I was he talking to you? I was encouraging him. Okay. I'm only about one, I'm about one month or by the, by the time I was leaving. If I went to this new job at the beginning of October, I would have just hit my six months of the three to six months of E Yeah, you're great. You're great. Ryan. You you got one shot on this globe. Do the thing that makes your beat and And I always start talking As long, as, long as it's not a pattern in life of jumping jobs every three months. You know what I mean? There's no issue. You're fine. This is not a job jumper. This is a young man who knows his role and he's ready to do it.


Ryan, go Ryan. We need great teachers. Go and be an everyday millionaire. You can do it. This is the Rams issue.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz joins me folks. Stuff is moving in the real estate market. What's gonna happen? We don't know. We don't know a hundred percent, but things are moving and a lot of you're going, rates went down. Should we wait? Should we wait? Rates are down. We've got a little bit, A little bit. Jerome Powell saying, time to start cutting again. We'll see how that affects the mortgage rates that's coming, I think in September. So here's the point. Don't sit around and wait, wait, wait and try to time all these rates. If you're ready to buy or sell and you're, and you know what you're doing, go for it. And if you don't know what you're doing and you do know what you're doing, you gotta have one of the Ramsey trusted real estate professionals. It's the only way to find an agent you can trust to keep you on track. And we've got the top agents in your area. We trust them, we vetted 'em, and they're gonna guide you through what may be for many of us the most important investment and financial decision you ever make. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


to Chattanooga, Tennessee is where we go. Nina is there Nina, how can we help? Hi, yes. Thank you both for having me on the show. So I'm just gonna go straight into it. I'm 24 years old. I have two kids, an 8-year-old and a 4-year-old. And I just came across The, Ramsey, Show about like two weeks ago. So I've been on my own since like, I was 16, obviously I had my first child when I was young and never really thought about like, I've just been surviving my whole life till recently. And I'm just kind of overwhelmed. And, I. Want my kids to be, I wanna be able to be financially free for my kids.


And. I just feel like it's kind of hard to do that when I solely take care of everything like rent, do you know bills and all that? Yeah, it's a lot. So I'm, I'm just needing some guidance in how to like budget or where to start. I know the baby steps, they, y'all start off with the emergency fund and out of the thousand I only have 300 saved. But then again, I feel like it's just, I don't know how to budget with like the bills and everything and I'm just kind of lost. Mm. Well number one you that, that feeling and that emotion is completely normal, especially the story you laid out for us.


I'm like, yeah, I mean, you have, you have two kids, you're a single mom, you're young and you're trying to figure all this out. So I, I applaud you so much though for the work that, that you're doing. I mean, that, that is so difficult being a single parent. So you're doing, you're doing a great job. So from, from the money side, where, where are you at? How much are you making a year and how much debt do you have? So Yes, So, I make about 45,000 a year. Okay. And with my debt I have, I'm 12 K, 12 K in debt. Okay. And So, I'm gonna break it down for you with the debt. I have an auto loans that has 10,000, but you know, I'm, I made a mistake in 2019, I bought a new car and it got repoed in 2020.


And so they cut it down from 17 to 10,000. And in credit cards I have 2000 and then I have about 530 in collections. Okay. Now with the $10,000 car, is that from the repossession and so you don't have the car? Or is this on a new car? When you said the 10,000, It's from the repossession. So the car I have now, I don't, you know, it's paid off. I bought a cheap car. Good, good Good for you. That's great. Yes, but you know, my driving history is pretty bad. So my insurance is at like 515 a month.


Okay. Yeah. Or yeah, so it's, it's, that's all the debt I have Though. Okay. so what, what are you bringing home a month? Is it around 3,500? Yes. Okay. And have you done a written budget? Do you, are you able to, when you look at, do you, like, do you know throughout the month? Hey, beginning of the month, I know how much my lights are gonna be, you know, relatively water, my RINs, my, you know, all of that. My food. Like do you, have you done a detailed budget yet? So yes. So my light kind of like punctuates and my water, but my rent is about seven 80. You know, right now my light and water, it came out to like 500.


Okay. I, yeah. So I Mean when you, when you list out all, when you list out your, your food, your rent, your utilities and gas for your car and insurance, how much does that come out a month? Do you know that number off the top of your head? Off the top of my head, no I don't. Okay. But I know it's like close to what I make. It's close to that third. Okay. To that 3,500. Yeah. Yep. Okay. Yes. Yeah. So in your case, Nina, what we find with money so often is that there's really two ways that it flows. It flows in from the in income standpoint and then it flows out with expenses and everything you've listed to me, and as we've talked in this conversation, my assumption is there's no outlandish cuts to probably be made.


I mean, I, I mean maybe some restaurants here or there, but you're not, you know, you're not going on vacation on credit cards or doing, you know, those kind of things. This is pretty your your bills, your basic bills Yeah. Are squeaking by which means on the expense side of it, there's probably not a ton to cut. I would, I would, I would, I would challenge you just to look. 'cause even 30, 40 bucks from a random subscription or you know, some restaurants, like if there's any amount of money you can squeeze out, do that. But I think your biggest up play is your income side. Yeah. What Do you do for a living? I'm an operations coordinator. So I work in logistics. Oh, nice. Yeah. so what do you think is the next rung or two up the ladder in your current workplace?


Is there, is there even a rung or two above you that is reachable? So I'm not gonna lie, this is actually one of my first good jobs. Good. That's great. I I was, I actually was a dropout. So I didn't finish school. So I don't really have an education. I don't really have, Neither do I Nina. I'm a college dropout. But Did you get a GED do you mean even high school? Yes, because you left co you left school. You left home at 16. Did you get your GED? Yes ma'am. I did. Good. Good For you. Good for you. That's Great. So, so, okay. I hear what you're saying. So you're kind of going, Ken, I'm not even thinking about the next rung of the ladder. I'm thrilled to be on this one. And I. And I'm not trying to get you, but I'm just wondering now that I know that I'm How long you been in that role?


So? I just, I just started, it's, I'm like hitting four months already. Okay, good. So, you know, I'm, I'm very blessed to be a part of the team. Yeah. But before, you know, I had like jobs working in the carpet mill. Yeah. So this is actually a very stable job for me. Good. And alright, So let me switch gears on you real quick. Okay. Back to the, but 'cause I, I think right now I think you could probably pick up a side gig. Is it possible, do you have somebody that could watch the kiddos and you could pick up maybe a 15 or 20 more hours a week for a season? A small season but a season? So I know it takes a village to raise the kids, but I don't have a village. You don't have anybody? Yeah. Alright. Maybe from, well lemme say from home there's a lot of, you know, I agree. Remote stuff can Do some customer service stuff at night when the kids are in bed.


This is all by phone or by computer? Actually Yes I can. Good. I do sometimes work from home so that That will work. Work. So with that in mind, I wanna get back to the budget thing. And, and, and by the way, before I forget, I want to tell you this, when we're gonna put you on hold in a minute, when we're finished and we're gonna get you a session. Our treat, we're gonna pay for it with, with a financial coach. 'cause I think you need a little bit more time. And, I. Think when they walk you through Penny by Penny where you're spending, I want someone to be hands on. And if you'll promise me, Nina, that you'll let them coach you and show you how to do your first real budget, I want to give you a session with them. Will you do that? I will. Yes sir. Listen, lemme tell you something n appreciate that.


Listen, I'm not betting against a single mama and you've got what it takes. You got a good job. I I think you are making enough money. I think you gotta see where your money's going. And, I. Think some side hustles to pay this small amount of money off. I know it seems like a mountain, but 12 K is very doable. But here's what I wanna encourage you on. Okay? I think that you've got to treat your budget like it's a full-time job. And I. Think you're gonna be surprised how much money you can find. Yeah. And we'll give you and then pay that off And we'll give you EveryDollar premium to Nina. That's our budgeting app. Perfect. To do that. Good for you and FPU and stuff. So we'll, we'll load you up for sure Nina, because to your point Ken, I got a quick Question. Okay? How much money Nina, just ballpark, I'm not holding you to this.


How much money, if we handed it to you every month, would you think would make the difference right now? Giving you some breathing. How much? Okay. Ballpark. In order to pay off my debt? No, No, no. Just to be able to have some breathing room. What's that amount of money that you go Ken, if you gave me this much a month, what? What's the number? Probably Okay. So. I make about 35. So I. Guess another thousand. Another thousand. Okay. I'm, yeah. So here's, here's the point I want you to just think about through the debt payments and then getting a budget that a thousand dollars a month. Alright, real quick, for the rest of you who are not on Radio, radio audience, we're gonna stay with you for the rest of you on YouTube and podcast.


The show is done for you unless you go to the Ramsey app and that's where you get the rest of the calls and we got some good ones lined up. So head over there. You can search for The, Ramsey Network in the App store. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app, right?


All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.