
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke Ramsey personality and, and oh, various other things. He is my, he's co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour, many other things around here. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Katie is gonna start us off in Akron, Ohio this hour. Hi Katie. how are you? Hi, I am good. how are you?


Better than I deserve. What's up? Good. So, my husband is a physician, so he is got a really good income, but he also has almost $500,000 in student loan debt. We've been married three years, so I kind of married into his debt and as such, we're not sure if now is even an acceptable time to be considering buying a couple of new to us used cars. Right now he works out of state and will for the foreseeable future. So he's gone 50% of the time. And I'm here with all the kids. Last week, two of our vehicles were broken down at the same time, so I had no transportation.


so I was just, we're looking to spend maybe a total of 40,000 on a van and a sedan and just don't know if we're still supposed to be driving clunkers because of that massive student loan debt. Are we attacking the massive student loan debt? Probably not as fiercely as you would like. Which has and not as fiercely as I would like either because, because this is a second marriage for both of us. We've both had to kind of adjust our financial views a little bit, A little give and take. And so I'm more gung-ho than he is, but at the same time, we are still paying them off. We've paid off a hundred thousand of them in the past two years.


Yeah. What's he make? He makes 40 or 400,000 gross. So we're bringing home a little over 18,000 a month. You should be bringing home more than that. Your taxes aren't, It's about, it's about not 19,000. Yeah. That's after taxes and insurance. That's Almost 50%. That's almost, you don't have a 50% tax or some kind of problems going on here. Is he investing through his retirement plan? Yes, but that's actually already been maxed out for the year, so Yeah, I know we're Well, that's why you're taking home less as well. That's part of the equation here. Yeah. Yeah. So if we paused investing, you could get back 20 grand in Your patients.


so I mean the question's not really cars, because based on the way you guys are currently living, you're trying to wander out of debt while continuing to do investing. And. we also have the expenses do this, you make 400,000, you only paid off a hundred grand in two years. I mean, And It is just awful. So you, you know, there's no intensity at all. We do do Also have a lot of expenses that others may not have with him working out of state. He has to maintain an apartment out of state. We have three, well, I have three step kids that live in a different state that he has to go out there to visit on a monthly basis. And so hotel rooms and travel for that.


And then, yeah, But his actions also picking Katie up court. Katie, you told, you told us you guys are not intense. You, you guys are not working our system. Okay. I'm not mad at you, but, so I don't know why. Whether you buy a car matters. I mean, if you wanna go buy a car, buy a car if you're gonna keep working it this way, but you're going to struggle as long as you continue to do this. And so, you know, it's, you guys are gonna have to decide if you're gonna lean into this debt thing and get rid of the debt. If you're gonna lean into it, then stop the 401k and buy one $10,000 car and get rid of these two pieces of crap that keep breaking down.


But, you know, as long as y'all keep acting like people that make 400,000, you're gonna keep spending what you're spending and you're gonna justify it and rationalize it, and you're gonna stay in debt. You're not gonna get out. So, you know, I, it doesn't matter, you know, this 10,000 car doesn't matter. It's, but what it does do the question, what the question does do in your house, not, not with us, it's not, doesn't affect us, but between the two of you, it causes you to, to say, okay, are we going to do this or not? Are we gonna keep limping through this? 'cause at this current rate, you're gonna be in debt for 10 years and that's just, you know, that's normal.


That's not a plan. You know, it's not a good plan. But, and, and if you're gonna do that, then yeah, sure. Buy a car. I mean, it's not buy, buy all the cars you wanna buy. I don't care. I mean, it's not, it, it, because it doesn't, what you're doing is you're half but doing everything and that's just not gonna, the everything we teach anyway, so yeah, you guys need to have a discussion about this. Okay? We need to sit down and make the money. We have behave better And. we need to behave better. And we need to get in very, very intense. 'cause you are a broke doctor's wife. You're married to a doctor who is broke, broke, poor people making 400 grand.


That's what you are. So you guys gotta decide if that's how you wanna live or not. I don't wanna live like that. So Yeah, part of this is getting a line going, all right, how much can and should we be throwing at this debt we wanna be done in three years? Okay, that's 170 grand a year. We gotta be throwing at this. What does that take per month? Once you make it mathematical And, what must be true? Yeah, we, we gotta cut some lifestyles. What has to be true of our lifestyle? What has to be true of the travel apartment? What has to be true about this and true about that? And you know, and what's the, the way we can for a short period of time, what can we sacrifice? And that's what you do. And. we, regardless of if you make 40 grand or you make 400 grand, Maybe you can repair the cars for five grand instead of spending 40 and that buys you a few years.


Who knows. Yeah. But I think, I think what this highlights is not a car issue. What it highlights is the issue that you guys are, the plan you're working, you know, is not, not working, not well, and you're not on the same page. And you guys probably need to talk about what the flip we're gonna do going forward. I mean, that, then that will answer your car question, you Know? And, and do you even have a 40 grand in cash to pay for this? Yeah. Probably not. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Jump in. We'll talk about your life and your money. So George, one of the things that happens, And It happened with me.


I didn't have a choice 'cause I went broke. Because you can choose to take away all your options. You can choose to take away all your rationalizations. You can choose to do this. And, and you, you have to kind of run a, a mental scenario. I always say tell people like, okay, you have no money. What if you had to have $10,000 by Christmas to save the life of your child with a medical procedure and you couldn't borrow it? What would you do? You'd find it. You'd find it. And, and all of a sudden all this, oh, well I have to do this and I have to do that.


And bull crap. We're getting $10,000. If you make it a priority, it happens. Yeah. It's like, it's life or death, Whatever you Focus on. And so you'll see the results all of a sudden, all the, all this stuff we think we need when you are trying to save the life, you know, when you put it in that kind of a mental gymnastic routine, then you know, then you're forced into looking at your life realistically. Yeah. Because debt isn't life or death, but you kind of have to make it that Way. No. In order words to get out. No, it's not. It's not. But if you say, you know, if you act like that's how important this is, until it becomes important, you're not gonna do it. That's the thing. As long as there's some something else that, that's Goal in life, You're not gonna do it. this is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey Trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. this Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Real estate's weird right now. Buying a house right now is weird. It's a good idea to buy a house right now, but it's weird. Wacky out there selling a house right now. Weird wacky out there. You're gonna sell or buy a house right now. You really need a pro in your corner that knows what the flip they're doing. Not your Uncle Henry who just got his license three weeks ago and has never sold a house. Now he's gonna sell your 500,000. That's a dumb idea. Don't do that. Get, get a pro, somebody that does a lot of volume. 5,000, 200 houses a year. They know what they're doing. They're high octane, high protein. And those are called endorsed local providers. We endorse them. They're local to you and they provide you with help. And we've interviewed them And, we coach them And, we have regular contact with them. They do stuff the Ramsey way. And so we call them Ramsey Trusted. So if you want a Ramsey, Trusted, high octane, high protein real estate agent in your corner for buying or selling, go to Ramsey Trusted, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. It's a free service. We'll hook you up with the people, we'll take care of it. We want you to get the right people helping you buy or sell probably one of your largest assets of your life. Right? It's big, big time. Important. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent


PIM is with us in Pittsburgh. Hi Pam, how are you? Good? How. are you guys Better than we deserve? What's up? Yeah, so just a little backstory. My wife and I are followers of the baby steps. We're on four, five, and six. We have about 65,000 left on our mortgage. And then Way to go And It would be completely debt free. So that being said, my in-laws, her parents are not, they don't see eye to eye with that. They kind of do their own thing. I don't agree with anything financially that they do pretty much. But that's them.


That being said, they were, they redid their will And. we were kind of updating it and kind of going over it with us. They wanna leave us a timeshare and two and, and two rental properties. And. we don't want any of it. My wife and I have. We just, that's, we don't wanna be landlords ever be landlords. That's not something we wanna do. And it's her parents, right? It's her parents. Yeah. Now the problem really comes in where I'm a little bit more vocal than my wife. So now I look like I I'm not appreciative or You've already said, you've already said all this, right?


Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. It hasn't, it hasn't gone very well. I mean, I No kidding try to kind of say that. You know, it's, I mean I, it's, but basically it's like, I think this is like, especially the rental, not so much the timeshare, the rental stuff. I think they view as a legacy I guess. But it's not something that, I mean my, even if someone were to give us a million dollars right now, our, my wife and I would not buy a rental property. That's just not something that, That's fine. Yeah. That's cool. Want to get into so I, well this is, I know how to kind of, Yeah. I mean tip Toe around it, but be direct. Well, I think you've already been direct.


Yeah. And, You know, accused of being the ungrateful son-in-law. Right. Who's spoiling the whole family messing up the whole thing. It was all going good to you, came along. Ha. Have they ever liked you? Pi has this always been a tumultuous relationship? No. No. Honestly, it's, it's been good. But like I said, it's just, we've, we've been, we've never kind of, they, they just, like I said, they don't do. Okay. So you said, you said to them, I don't want this, and now that hurt their feelings. That's where we sit today, correct? Yeah, pretty much. Okay. So what would you think? The what, you know, I don't know what to do to solve that other than it's been said.


'cause you don't need to say it again. Right, Right. You told 'em we don't want this. And they're, yeah. And then they got their little feelings hurt. Yeah. so I mean, I don't know if we just fight the bullet and whenever that day comes, we would just no. Sell it or No, you, I, I think your, your conclusion is correct. The only thing I would've said if you'd have called me before you talked to him about it would've just been your wife needed to tell him not you. Gotcha. I mean, she was there, it's just I know, but she, she didn't carry the weight of it. You carried the weight of it. It hits different when it comes from their own daughter. Yeah. Dad, I love you and I appreciate you. We do things different.


I don't wanna be a landlord. I know it means a lot to you to have these rental properties, but Dad, I don't wanna be a landlord. Thank you. It's very kind of you and I don't, certainly don't want dad gum timeshare. It's legalized fraud. I don't want anything to do with it. It's the worst industry on the planet. And so, right. My, I mean, you know, she doesn't say all that, but she could just say, dad, I love you, but No, and, and you sit there with your mouth shut. That would've been the only thing I would've changed about this scenario. But it's too late that cat's outta the bag now. Right? Right. Yeah. No, no take backs. Any more discussions need to come from her. Okay. If you wanna have a follow up and make sure it's that the will is changed or whatever, it needs to come from her.


Otherwise, if they die, die, and you're still in the will with this stuff, you just put the rental properties on the market and sell 'em. And you never take the timeshare into your name and just let it go into default. Okay. That, that was gonna be my next question. Can I, 'cause I, I did some research. And It looks like as long as you don't kind of sign any paperwork, Never touch, never touch anything. Don't even discuss the timeshare. Just pretend like it didn't exist. And It will just, it'll, it will deteriorate. And It will go its own way. And they can't, they can't go after, like, they Can't come after me for their timeshare. And they can't come after you for their timeshare because neither one of us did this deal. Okay.


Yeah. You can't force a contract on the by inheritance. Okay. You'd have to be dumb enough to sign it when they put it in front of you. Okay. Yeah. If you just say No, no, you people can have that. Just take that back. Well, we'll sue you. Who are you gonna sue the estate? Yeah. Good luck with that. You know? 'cause they're not going to, the timeshare people are just gross. They'll move on and find another victim. Yeah. They'll just, they're they're looking for old people that they can feed off of and they bust 'em in from the Walmart parking lot and sell 'em, pressure 'em, and with a free meal, a free hotel room. Oh yeah. That happened on our honeymoon.


First thing, first person you interact with is the timeshare salesman when you went get to the resort. And I said, no, thank you. There's nothing you could offer us that would make sitting through three hours of this hell worth it. Geez, man. It's like, you know, they're, they're just, it's the scummiest thing. Oh yeah. Anyway, so dude, your your wife has to talk about this. You can never talk about it again to them. You can only encourage her and cause her to have courage to be clear and kind and grateful. And the answer's no anytime it comes up that anything you can do like that, but yeah. You just, you can't do, there's those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.


And Sons-in-Law are not usually in a position of strength to take this on. Or daughters-in-Law. You know, you, you know, you gotta you gotta, you gotta take care of your own blood there. It's the, it's the best possible probability of this turning out. Well, relationally. Anyway, for the rest of you out there, if you're facing that, Billy's in Chattanooga. Hi Billy, how are you? Billy? Billy Billy. Hey, Dave. I'm good. how are you Better now that I found you? What's up? Oh, I have a question for you. I think you'll feel a certain type of way about it, but I accidentally made a lot of money in crypto and I'm wondering what would be smartest to do with it.


I I am still writing it right now. Back in 2020, I put about 12,000 in And. It turned into 800,000 in less than a year. Whoa. I thought I was very smart. And I was like, well, if I wait for over a year, I'll save a bundle on taxes. So I'll just sell 10% for enough for a house and let the rest ride. And then the rest crashed down to about 16,000. Oh my goodness. But now you, you went from 12 to 800 to 16. Yes. But now, so this is, I bought a house since then with that 10% that I sold. It's coming back up quick and fast. And I'm wondering if I should just pay off the house altogether and be done with it.


With that, I'm gonna be way more conservative than I was last time. I'm not gonna expect for it to get back up that high. George and I would tell you to cash out any crypto today by the end of the day. And then work the baby steps with it. Pay The consumer debts first. Get the emergency fund, then the house. Yeah. Work, work the baby steps with it. But yeah. And, and we're not hanging on until tomorrow doing it by the end of the day today. Too much anxiety for me. Yay. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's face it. Needing antibiotics or other medicines isn't a matter of if it's when there's never a convenient time to be sick. I've been in a pharmacy at midnight because I had a speaking engagement the next day and I realized I was coming down with something. So now I stay prepared and you can too with a medical emergency kit from the wellness company. Guys, I've got one of these. And the medical emergency kit gives you peace of mind knowing you'll have prescription antibiotics and medicines to treat over 30 common illnesses like strep, throat, pneumonia, bronchitis, UTIs, and more. It's easy to order. Just answer a few online questions and your kit will be shipped directly to your door along with a detailed guidebook. Don't wait and learn the hard way like I did. And maybe you have, you can have the prescriptions before you need them. A medical emergency kit is like having an urgent care in your home. Go to urgent care kit.com/ramsey and use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey promo code Ramsey


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my cohost today. We need your help guys. You can help us. And a bunch of you have been helping us. Thank you. If you will click the subscribe button or the follow button on your Spotify or Apple or YouTube or wherever it is, or listening or watching. It really helps our numbers. It really helps our algorithm pushing the show forward in those things. And that way a lot of people that don't know about this find out about it. You can also, if it has a share button where you can share it with friends, do that or cut the link out and email it to somebody and go, this is, you gotta check this out, check this show out and put a five star review on there.


Those things change the math and these different platforms then roll out. They promote us. And And, It doesn't cost any of us anything. So you're our marketing plan people. We need your help. Spread the word. If you read a good book, I was talking to a guy last night was telling me about a great book and you know, I bought it this morning and that beat That, that beats any algorithm saying, Dave, you would like this book. Yeah. A friend. It hits different for Sure. Stephanie's in Eugene, Oregon. Hi Stephanie, how are you? I'm doing well. how are you Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, one hill I will die on is that you deserve all the good you have and more for all the good that you've done.


I, I have, I have a, a question that I'll try to keep simple and a really complicated situation. Complicated. I am my dad's oldest daughter. I'm helping him with his trust. We've got a really great attorney that's helping us. We're in the formation process of that and we're, we're learning as we go. I am one of four children with the addition of a, a fifth child that my dad had with his second wife who was abducted when he was two. And now that son would be 31. And my dad's wanting to include him in the trust with conditions like that. He can prove his identity and that kind of stuff. And we're just trying to, trying to, I'm just trying to know what the best way is to, to do this.


If, if that makes any sense. It's a, he's been gone for, for 28 years out of the family. None of us know. My sister knew him. I didn't really know him. He doesn't, as far as I know, know, we exist, but my dad's wanting to include him in the trust with contingency that he like changed his name back and, and that kind of stuff. And I just, I really wanna honor my dad's wishes, but I'm not sure how to handle this the best way. Wow. Okay. Yeah. So what is it you're, what is it you want to handle? I mean, you put him in the, if your dad put, you put him in the trust, you put him in the trust, you put the conditions on it, and then well how do you handle it when your dad passes? Yeah, because one of the conditions my dad is considering is that if he wants to reintegrate back into the family and, and, but He doesn't even, why don't, if he wants to do all that, why don't he call him right now?


Well, he's working on that. He's trying to, he's trying to locate him before he dies. But this is kinda like, Oh, y'all don't even know where he is. We, we might, we don't know for sure. He's had his name, an identity changed, but we think we might have found a city. So we're working on that in the meantime. But the trust has to go, you know, kind of go assuming that, that maybe we don't find him before my dad passes. Okay. Well you'd have to ask your attorney for Oregon law on that, but I would suppose you could put a clause in there that if we can't locate him within, you know, X number of months, then this clo then all of that, all of those shares just revert, revert to the other kids.


Okay. And you know, your dad has to believe that you all are really gonna look for him. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Because you could just, like I said, not not locate him. You could just, I mean you, if you wanted to not do your dad's wishes, which you're not saying okay. But you could just not try and with that clause and then the, the shares would all revert to you guys the rest of it. Yeah, I think that, I think that's mostly in the attorney's hands that he would be the one that would, that's, that's part of what's happening is that the attorney would be the one to, to hunt him down. so I don't think it would be, I don't think we would have the ability to drop that ball the way that it's being written up. Okay. Alright. The attorney can't find him with an X number of days, 180 days then, and he won't and or he won't meet if he does find him, he won't meet the, the guidelines that your dad's putting in place.


If he won't, if he won't agree to do those things. Like he just gives you guys the bird after you find him. Right. Which very well might happen. I mean, this is gonna be weird for him. I know. And I feel really sad for him because he was two years old when he was taken and as far as Taken by his mother. Yes. Okay. Alright. And so she just, she just, she just jetted with the kid before Amber alert and Exactly. She's Still around. She never found her, never found, Is mom still around? Do we have contact with her? No, no. She, she changed her name. She changed the, the boy's name and her youngest son from a previous marriage.


But the old her older sons, their names are still true. And that's how we've kind of been able to make some connections on Facebook to, to, to maybe Trying Yeah. It's like a true crime podcast. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think you guys from, from a relational standpoint, I think it's a, I think your dad, if he, if he wants to go this far and, and you know, be a blessing financially to this child, my advice to him would be, you guys pull out all the stops right now, you hire private detectives, you go find the guy right now. Okay. While, while your dad's alive. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's just a practical piece of advice. It's not legal or financial because it's gonna be a whole lot easier to figure out what the flip to do once you can locate the guy and actually begin a conversation.


Right. Makes Sense. But if you makes sense. Otherwise, I guess you just put in the trust. You'd, again, I don't know Oregon law, but you'd have to, and I assume most areas you could just put a clause in the trust that if the attorney, if the attorney cannot find within 180 days of death, cannot find him or whatever number of days, then the shares revert to you guys. Or, and or if he chooses, you do find him and he chooses not to meet the, the obligations your dad put in place, the guidelines. Right. Is your dad in good health? It, No. Okay. Yeah. No, that's, that's why we're making some moves on this. It, I mean, he might live another decade, but he might go tomorrow.


I, it's, it's one of those unknown things. Is it appropriate to require possibly a DNA test as far as part of this brother proving his identity? Sure. In the trust? Sure. Okay. Not, I mean, we, we know exactly who he is. We, he looked just like my dad, everything. But it would be more if there was other family who tried to contest it, his, his other family that tried to contest it, if that was ever an issue. They don't get to, they don't have a, they don't have a standing with the court to contest the will 'cause they're not a participant. Okay. The only thing they would do, just stir up trouble. But I mean, they're not, there's nothing legally that they could do. Like, I don't, I couldn't come in out of the blue and, and jump into your all's deal.


You know, George couldn't and contest. Right. You can't contest something you don't have anything to do with. And that's the, all the rest of that bunch has nothing to do with this. Yeah. His other half brothers and his mother who's nutty and all this other stuff. Right. I'm definitely trying to keep it just about the mechanics of the trust. Yep. Because there's lots of different emotions involved and I really, more than anything, I just really wanna honor what my dad, what my dad's desire is for this. Yeah. Well, your dad is being unfair to the rest of you all to leave this to you to do. He should go do it now. I'm sorry. It what? Find the brother Find him and, and re reestablish contact.


Yes. He's, he's actively working on that. Okay. We're, We've got like plans a, b, and C in place and some things are still unknown. So he is actively Working on that. Is this, is this a massive wealth? Stephanie, what is the estate? It's more than he ever thought he would. I he's got a couple of properties that we would sell and currently it would be between five, probably five and $900,000 Split between that we would split the five of you. Okay. Yeah. But there's a, there's a possibility that just part of it would go five ways and the rest of it would just go four ways if this brother doesn't wanna Got it. Participate. That's stuff we're still trying to figure out. Yeah. So yeah, I just think you're gonna get the guidelines. It it's, it's two, three paragraphs in this trust.


It doesn't have to be rocket science. You know, here's the things that we're requiring a DNA test, some other proof of identity integration back into the family, changing the name and changing the name. And they, we require those things otherwise, but it's for a hundred grand. He may not want to do it. He really, it's a lot to ask. I mean, you not got a lot of leverage here. this is your dad trying to make good after too many years too late. this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and their perfect vacations and their perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other peoples. And based on the data, I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never do otherwise. And when it all gets to be too much, it's time to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get out of the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we are creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


George Kamel Ramsey personality. My co-host today, Tyler is in Alabama Birmingham to be precise. Hey Tyler. What's up? Hey Dave. I'm good. how are you doing Better than I deserve. How can I help? Yeah, so I'm trying to invite the ways of Dave into the house. And. It seems like getting traction's kind of tough. Me and my wife, we've overcome a lot in the past five or six years and money's kind of the next thing up for us to start handling. Got a young family, two boys, six and five years old. The I wanna start doing the baby steps. The math is there, I make enough and I have enough leftover to start getting some traction, but it's, you know, at the end of the month we're like, where'd it go?


We feel like we're not doing anything extravagant, but obviously we are. It's just seems like fast food and gas stations and then mother's days, birthdays, et cetera, you know. But whenever it seems like whenever the money conversation comes up, there's just a lot of emotion tied to it. And, It kind of devolves into either emotions or a little bit of finger pointing and things like that. so I just wanted y'all's advice on how to kind of get this thing going. That was pretty vague. You're saying you, you, you're having a discussion using the tone that you're using with us right now, or you're emotional. I get there, it's probably to, to my own fault.


I kind of wait until I'm aggravated and impatient about money and that's when I want to talk about it, you know? Yeah. That's, that, that is your fault. You're right. Right. And she she's emotional too. Two, Yeah. You sort Push each other's buttons when this comes up. Let me, let me backtrack a second. You said we've overcome a lot. What does that mean? So we've been sober, clean and sober from drugs and alcohol for about six years. Good for you. Congratulations. That's been A How long have you been married? Yeah, I appreciate it. For the same amount of time. Thereabout got married a little bit before we got clean, so, wow. Okay. And, what do you do for a living? For living? I'm a field manager for A-H-V-A-C company, a residential company.


Good. Here in Birmingham. Good. And what's your, in, what's your household income? It's a hundred K salary right now. this is the first year that they're introducing a, a profit bonus at the end of the year. But I don't really know what to expect, so I'm not really counting those chickens for they hatch. So I'm just kind of Fair Enough on the budget. I'm sticking to a hundred K. So how old are you? I'm 28 years old. Okay, good, good. Well that, that, so all of that is part of this story. The, the, the budget, the conversation, the two of you sitting down includes all of your stuff from the past. Right. And all of your things out of your, the thing you way you grew up, it includes, you know, the, the, the way you had money was handled at your house when you were a kid.


The way money was handled at her house when she was a kid. The getting clean and the having been needing to get clean then now, now you're making more money than you've ever made in your life. All of that comes, all of that adds to it. So, you know what, what I would suggest is that you start over with the approach and you start tonight when you're calm and you sit down Yeah. Number one when you're calm, not when you're frustrated. And I think you probably start with an apology. Like, I think we can do better with our money. And I've not handled our discussions very well.


I've screwed this up. I'm sorry because you are, you you should be. Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Okay. And yeah, because I'll Be the first to tell you if I'm at fault in the way that I kind of had to be in charge of stuff at first if I was a couple steps ahead as far as, as far as getting clean it off first started out. So there's some echoes of some fear. Exactly. All those concerns are long. It's control, it's control issues and say, okay, today we're clean and have been a long time today. this is you talking to your wife. We make more money than we've ever made and we're both sober and smart.


So today, if we were to start doing a budget or start talking about money, it's gonna be different than it was in the past. Today we both have a vote today. We would consider everything together and decide as a team what we are going to do with our money. And so you get a vote, I get a vote, we're gonna sit here and talk about it. And, and you know, the you don't and you don't start talking about what to do until you talk about why to do it. 'cause I think if I make a hundred thousand dollars a year, A we could clean up our mess. B we could become wealthy and c we could travel or have nice cars that are paid for, we can move up in house.


All of those things can happen if we can get our hands around this subject. And I think that would be exciting and kind of start dreaming together again about what a really cool prosperous future would look like. Does that make sense? Then talk about what, but husbands typically we're the worst. Sometimes wives do it, but it's usually husbands we talk about what to do 'cause we're gonna jump in there and fix it. And so Dave Ramsey says you need to sell your car. Yeah. You know, and that crap. Then you turn my name into a cuss word and I didn't even do anything. You know? Right. And so that's, that's, you gotta sit down and talk about, let's talk about big picture. I think, you know, we've got this trash in our rear view mirror.


We've got sunshine out the windshield. We could really have an incredible life. We could change our family tree. I, I get excited about and, and talk and get her and then shut up and let her tell you what she'd like to do. Ask her questions. Hey, what are you excited about? What are you dreaming about? What Are your fears? If we, if we had a million dollars, what would you wanna do? Yeah. Right. Okay, now let's go get a million dollars. Then she's excited about the plan And what We're gonna do. And, and she's she's not and and she's not Got you coming at her with f finger wagon and go, you know, if you just quit going Chick-fil-A every day, we could do this. You know? Right. You can't do that. That, that crap doesn't work, man.


So we both are gonna, we're going, IIII think we could lay out a plan together that we both agree on and stick to and we can do with our money smart things and have some fun along the way and become wealthy. And, and I think that kind of lingo, that kind of sentence structure is what's gonna help you, George. What do y'all, Well, and then you go and listen. this is not gonna be my hair-brained plan. I've got, I found this plan. Millions of people have done it. It's so simple. And yet it's hard 'cause it's gonna take us making some sacrifices when you look at It. See if you think it's good. Yeah. And she checks it out and give her a vote. 'cause right now, a lot of the times with your excitement or passion or frustration, it just comes across.


Well it brings the echo back from the days when you had firm fist on the money because she wasn't clean yet. Right. And she feels like you're taking that control away again, you're marching back into her life with muddy boots again. And so you're, you're bringing up now I'm gonna send you Rachel's book for both of you to read, know yourself, know your money, because it goes into the household you grew up in. It goes into, are you a scarcity person or an abundance person. It goes into all of those things. Enter into this discussion. And all of the stuff in that book is why the budget committee meeting we call it, is a difficult meeting at first because you bring all these suitcases, all your crap, all these suitcases full of crap into the meeting.


All Your shame, guilt, baggage, mistakes, family trauma, it comes with you. Yeah. And you gotta be the ones to change it. Generationally, Accusations, all these things come in there and, and so you gotta go, okay, we, we don't do that anymore. And so, and you guys out there that it, it does take a little while to build trust. It takes a little while to Sharon at first didn't believe she had a vote, Even though you told her, Hey, you've gotta vote. You gotta show her with your actions. She, she had to, you know, she had to experience it for a while because for a long while she didn't have a vote. And I just did whatever flip I wanna do.


And so, you know, we've been married 43 years, she said, you know, 30, somewhere around 35 of 'em are awesome. That's a pretty good track record. The more the time goes on. Yeah. The better percentage you have. And it's like, you know the, how, how many years? Think about we, we went completely broke, lost everything. They took the water meter out of the front of the house 'cause they kept turning it back on after they turned it off And they just took it away. They took it away. Oh. no, you could do that. Well they have to when you keep stealing water. And that's what I was doing. so I mean we were that broke. So we went from this level of terror to having an emergency fund. And how many years do you think that we had to not touch that emergency fund for her to heal multiple it tar to Yeah, it did.


Three five. It wasn't 10 minutes baby. I can tell you that it wasn't just 'cause I said it, it took a little time. It's a process. this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys. George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke. He is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. James is in Salt Lake City. Hi James. how are You? Really good Dave. how are You Better than I deserve? What's up? Yeah, so we have a situation here. My wife and I got married about three months ago and my father-in-Law.


I know you say there's always a little bit of crazy in the family and I feel like he's been the crazy in our family so far. We learned a few months ago he drained his 401k to send to somebody in the Philippines. 'cause they promised him a 50 per percent return on his investment and he didn't tell anyone. And he was so excited about it that he quit his job. Oh my goodness. And then he just sold his house. I helped sell his house 'cause I was, I'm an agent And. we also had a, he's planning on going back to the Philippines. He's wanting to move there 'cause he just reached the 62 and a half and wants to retire.


And he is so excited about this investment that he feels like he can, but he has zero savings. He just sold the house and yesterday we closed and got the money. It's in my wife and i's account. But he wants to spend all of it in that investment in the Philippines 'cause he wants to get more of a return. So we do have that power of attorney that gives us, gives us the ability to I guess hold back on it. I mean it was originally intended to give us access to his accounts while he is gone and manage things. But we feel Like, this is some kind of pon Ponzi scheme is in and he doesn't have any savings, any income.


And we're kind of worried about what to do, especially 'cause with the, Has anybody talked to him about the fact that he got scammed? We've tried to, but And he doesn't believe it Kind of fuels him. No, he doesn't believe it. And it's kind of fueled him even more. He's like, oh, I'm gonna prove to them that it's not a scam by sending more. And then every time he talks to the person he sends money to with some doubt, she's like, oh, I'll give you more of a How is he communicating with this person? And how did he find them? It's been over calls. It's like a friend that he connected to some kind of friend. He used to know What's the investment supposedly in, He said it's some kind of government project Over there.


Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. There's a Nigerian prince involved And he hasn't actually seen the return on this money. There's no actual results. He, he got like $2,000 a couple weeks ago and that kind of, and that was after he sent his whole 401k over there. So it's definitely not anything that he sent over and it's kind of made 'em even more excited. So Well that, that's part of their scam is they give you a little bit and they go, oh, if you give us more we can. And then you give them even more and then they disappear. It's pretty standard scam. Exactly.


So we're, we're, okay, so this is your wife's dad wife. You're a whole three months on the scene. Your wife has to tell him, dad, I love you too much. I'm going to protect you from how dumb you are. He's not crazy. He's just dumb. I mean, he's naive, right? I mean that doesn't make him crazy. Yeah. People get scammed all the time that are trusting sweet kind people. Yeah. And I, I I think his daughter has to look at him and say, dad, I I, I'm almost positive you have gotten scammed and you don't think you did, but I, because I love you.


I'm gonna sit on this money for you until this proves out. If you get all of the money from your 401k back then we'll talk about doing more investing with the lady. But until you get all the money back and get a return, we're not putting any more in $2,000 is just bait. You're, you're and but is you can't do this. She's gotta do it. But you're telling me you have control of the account, so you don't, I mean, you, you Yeah, we do. this Is not a matter of persuasion. You're just telling him what you're going to do. He's gonna be pissed. Yeah. And that's what we're worried about too.


And Well, you can't, you can't keep that, you know, you're either gonna, he's either gonna be pissed or he is gonna be broke. You get to choose, which there's really not a middle ground. 'cause I mean, the guy you're describing to me, he, he's got a hook hanging outta his lip. He's, he's bit hook line and sinker buddy And he's about to be homeless, which means he's gonna be living with you For the rest of his penny's life and stuck in the Philippines. Yeah. And that's what we're worried about. Yeah. With the, with their culture. It's like if the parents can't provide for themselves, the kids taking that. And that's what I'm concerned about. Is He Filipino? Yeah, he's Filipino. Oh Yeah. So I'm worried like, oh, he's gonna lose all his money and then we're gonna be married and then we're gonna have to take her dad in and take care of him.


Yep. And she needs to tell him all that. Dad, I see where this is going and I don't like it. Yeah. And you're not Hispanic, right? No, no, no. Yeah. You really gotta stay out of this just from, from the only chance you've got of him maintaining relationship with his daughter is if his daughter handles this, it can't be we, it's me. She needs to say, dad, I am not going to give you your money until this investment returns because I am almost positive you have gotten scammed. I know you don't think that, but I love you and I am going to protect you from this woman who is scamming you.


And I know you're going to be angry with me, but later on we'll see how it works out. If you get all your 401k money back and I'm wrong, I'll release this money to you. But I don't think you're gonna get your money back. I think you're, I think you've gotten completely taken in and just, she just needs to tell him that that's what I would do if it was my family. But she doesn't need to say, my husband and I have talked about this. She's got to bear the emotional brunt of this 'cause it's the only person he can hear it from and come back to later. If you get saddled with the blame for this, you're just gonna be the evil, evil son in law. Everything was okay to you came along.


Yeah. And you don't understand how it is in our family and all this crap. Right. That's, that's the, that's the narrative that's gonna come out of this. So yeah, the only chance you, you she has of doing this, so you really have two options. One is she handles it and tells him, I, because I love you, I think this is a scam and I'm going to protect you from this woman by not releasing these funds. I don't need them. They're gonna be sitting here. You don't have to worry about me taking the money. And if you get all your money back and you get a 50% return on your money, I will release the funds because I was wrong about you being scammed, but you're not gonna get your money back. Dad. She stole it from you.


You got, you got scammed dad, and this is your wife talking to her dad. And she doesn't need to say bring, do not bring your name into it and do not say, we say me because I'm telling you, her dad is gonna be pissed at you for decades if you get blamed for this move. She's got to carry the emotional weight of this, of this and for the good of her dad. And, and, and that's what I would do if it was in my house. That's how we would handle it. Wow. I'm so sorry. That's awful. this is The Ramsey show.


I've got some good news and some bad news. The good news is that people have started buying life insurance to protect their families at levels not seen since the 1980s. The bad news is many of them are still buying crappy cash value type plans. I don't care what you call them. Whole life, universal variable, adjustable, flexible, they're nothing but a waste of your money. Don't be confused and let someone sell you a plan that sounds better than it really is. Look, term life is the only way to go. Rates are back to all time lows. And the process to apply is easier than ever with many companies no longer requiring exams. You need to protect your family and use your money for as much smarter things than investing in a rip-off cash value insurance policy. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 and just compare pricing. You'll see why these are the only plans I recommend. Take care of your family and do it in a smarter way.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host. Keisha is with us in San Antonio. Hi Keisha, how are you? Hi Dave. I'm great. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I'm calling because I need guidance. I am a great saver. However, I haven't invested at all. I'm 50 years old. I have about $300,000 in cash and I haven't invested. So my money's just sitting in the bank not earning any income and I need your help. I opened a Roth IRA yesterday and I put $8,000 in that 'cause that's the max that you can put.


But then I don't know where, where to go forward. What'd you put it in? I put it in a Fidelity account. I just funded the account. I haven't invested yet. Okay. What, what are you going to invest it in? I don't know. That's why I called you. Oh, Okay, okay. I don't know. I don't know what to do next. Okay. I'm gonna research, but I wanted your guidance as a blueprint before I started moving forward. Do you have a retirement plan as well through your employer? I do, but I haven't taken advantage of it. Do You have like a Roth 401k? Have you done some homework on that? I haven't done anything. I just, I just started yesterday. Okay. And that's why I'm calling today. so I can get some guidance.


Okay. I have a little bit more money saved. So in my checking account for myself, I have $300,000 saved. I put the 8,000 in the Roth IRA yesterday. My daughter I've saved for her college and a CD 5% and she has a hundred thousand dollars in there. And then I have a $25,000 that I operate. That's my operating budget outta my checking account. Okay. You are very good at saving. What do you make N Well, I'm a nurse and my income varies. So right now it can be from, depending on how much overtime you wanna do. So it can be from one 50. Right now it's 76. Okay. 75. That's cool. Good for you.


Alright, so this is not a one time, five minute discussion and you suddenly are an investor. Okay? this is, you begin the process of learning over the rest of your life about investing. And the more you learn, the more comfortable you'll be. Okay? Yeah. It it, it like when you went to get to become a nurse and you went to nursing school, you didn't go to one class and then you were a nurse, you began a journey of learning and that made you competent.


Does that make sense? Yes Sir. And your confidence and, and your peace of mind will increase with your competence as you learn more. So what you're looking for is not just a, an answer from Dave on the radio or George for a few minutes here, we'll get you started. But you're going to start the process of learning. And the more you learn, the more comfortable you'll be investing and you'll be as good an investor in a year or two as you are a saver and you need to be. And I'll tell you why in a minute. Okay? So what you're looking for is go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Investor Pro and find the pro pros in San Antonio and talk to a couple of them and interview them and decide who you want to work with.


What you're looking for is someone you're comfortable with. And here's what's really important, And. we try to not have any smart Vista pros that aren't this Number one. They're gonna teach. If you go to our Smart Vista pros, the people we recommend, they're gonna do stuff the way we teach. So it's gonna sound like we sound on the radio. The advice is not gonna be the opposite of what we teach. Okay? The second thing is, is they're gonna have the heart of a teacher. They're more concerned about you learning a little bit before you invest. Because an a person who starts investing from where you are, you'll freak out the next day when the news media has something to say on the channel if you, if you don't know what you're doing, okay?


So, or if you just did it 'cause Dave said do it, or George said do it. Okay? so I want you to have someone with the heart of a teacher. And that means when you meet with them, every time you meet with them, you should learn something. Okay? And so that way you are making your investing decisions. I'm not, George isn't, and the smart Vista pro isn't. You are making the decisions 'cause it's your money and you need to be, yeah, I have your hands around it. Now, having said all of that, yeah, I Plan on learning all of that. That's what I was saying. I just wanted a guidance. So if someone tells me something that's just too far off, then I'll say, no, no. this is my blueprint. Yeah. Okay. Well, your blueprint is that you have to understand it or you don't do it.


Okay? That, that's Number one. We teach people, and George and I both personally invest in four types of mutual funds evenly 25% each. So $75,000 each out of the 300, okay? And, we would say growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and international mutual funds that have, at least if you're buying from a smart investor pro, have at least a 10 year track record. Don't buy brand new funds. Now inside your 401k, you can do exactly the same thing and max it out. And as George pointed out, do a Roth 4 0 1 over there and maybe they've even got a match. And that'll help. And you make enough, plenty to load that 401k up and do a Roth with fidelity.


And you may choose to move that Fidelity with a smart vest or that Roth to the Smart Vest Pro from Fidelity. Or they may, you may help you do it with fidelity. I don't care. Doesn't matter to me. Fidelity's not bad. There's nothing wrong with 'em. All these mutual fund companies have good funds and not so good funds. And so you're gonna look at the track record on the mutual fund and say for the last 10 years or 20 years or 30 years, it's averaged X percent. It's had so many down years, so many up years, and here's what the stock market has looked like. And we're gonna measure that and look at that. And you're gonna learn about all that. So four types of funds, growth, growth and income, aggressive growth. And, and, and here's why this matters.


Okay? The $300,000 has been sitting there for how long? Well, actually it's gone down quite a bit. It was, I had 500,000 in there, but, so it's probably been in there for five to seven years. Why has it gone down? I had a, a major expense that I had to pay $50,000 for that, and I paid four funeral. And just over the years, I had a major expense and that made me look back at my finances to see what I was doing. And then I was just, do You have a, an emergency fund separate from this money? Yeah, she said she had 25. Okay. Okay. You're, you're dipping, you've been dipping into this over time.


I Would dip into I over time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So let, let's just pretend from an investment viewpoint that you had 300,000 sitting there for seven years. And It made nothing. Okay? If it was invested at a 10% rate of return over seven years, it would've doubled. Exactly. It would've become 600. So the fact that you've not learned about investing and not therefore done investing has so far cost you $300,000. Correct? That's how important this is. Because here's the deal, you're 50 when you're 57. This, if you invest it, well, this will be 600. And when you're 64, that's 600 will be 1.2 million.


And that's if you never add a Dime to it. And when you're 70, when you're, yeah, when you're 71, that 1.2 million, it'll be 2.4 million if you quit dipping into it and you start investing it. Well, that's pretty cool. Yes, I'm gonna double my income this year. so I don't need your income. I I I just put your money to work instead of it sitting on its butt. Okay? That's all I did. And, It made you worth a couple million bucks at 71 years old. That's how important this conversation is. so I congratulations. Thank you. From day zero, thank you for asking these questions. Oh, thank you. So starting from day zero today, if I put invest this 300 by the time I'm 71, I could have potentially 2 million.


Yep. Okay. Just think every, if, if it's invested at 10%, it'll double. Every a a lump sum will double every seven years. Okay? And by the way, that number doesn't come out of thin air. That's the actual track record of the s and p 500, the 500 largest companies on the stock market. 11.3% is what it's averaged since the stock market began. That's the average annual. And so if you, if you only make 10, if you don't even do as good as the market every seven years, your money will double. So get online right now and get a smart Vista Pro in your corner. Go have a meeting or two, interview a couple of 'em, find somebody you like and begin the process of learning and get this money to work. Get it up off its butt. It's sitting there and it's dwindling away.


'cause you haven't, you haven't unplugged it from your emotions. You need to set it over there, set, set it over there somewhere and forget it. I'm, I'm more scared of losing all that money than scared of the stock market. Absolutely. That's a Great track Record, so get on it. You'll be doing just fine. Good Stuff. this is The Ramsey, Show George. Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Our question of the day comes from Steve in Mississippi. Steve says, Last year, my wife and I bought a home from a family member and have been living in it ever since. However, we didn't transfer the deed or title refinance or switch the mortgage to our names.


Technically the house still belongs to him and his wife because we wanted to keep their 3% mortgage rate instead of the six to 7% rate we were quoted. We paid $150,000 up front when we, when we made the deal. And we've been making the monthly mortgage payments since Last year recently. We've reconsidered the deal and want to legally transfer the house to our names. The bank says they can't consider the 150 K as a down payment because there's no contract. They suggested changing the sale price to 150 k instead. Is this a bad idea for us? If we sell in the future, will potential buyers be confused about the low purchase price compared to the house's value? There's a lot going on here.


Yeah. A lot of mistakes have been made already. Yeah. Steve, what you did was unbelievably stupid. this is dangerous. Really dumb and dangerous. Okay? You, you, if tho let, let's just pretend, let's pretend the couple you're buying this from had a car wreck. And It was an accident, but they get sued for a half million or, or five, $500,000 and they lose the lawsuit. There's not a lien on the house that they own for $500,000. You just lost your 150 K in that scenario. Oh, if the bank discovers you've done this that the mortgage is with, they're gonna call the loan a hundred percent.


You have to pay the whole stinking thing off in 30 days or they're gonna start foreclosure. There's a due on sale clause in paragraph 17 in the deed. That deed of trust that your relative signed and he sold the house without the bank's knowledge under the table. And when they discover that, they'll call the whole mortgage and foreclose on him and take your house that you put $150,000 down on. Dumb. Oh, if the house burns, you got no insurance. Dufus. 'cause you don't own the house and their homeowner's insurance doesn't cover you as a renter. They had to transfer that to fire and ec and they didn't do that either.


A landlord policy. So you guys have just lined up stupidity in a row and knocked it over like Domino's danger us also, you could get a 3% mortgage that didn't mirrors. Boop, you're killing me dude. You're killing me here. Wow. You just rented very expensively. Yeah. And you gave the landlord 150,000. What you can do is write up a contract that says I'm gonna put down 150,000 bucks and put down 150,000 bucks and go to the closing table and get a mortgage and do a normal house transaction where you now own the house and you now have a 6% mortgage, which is what you should have done from the very first moment.


And if you don't and you wanna just transfer the, and just take over and you can't take over the mortgage, get a new mortgage in the amount of the mortgage And, what the bank is suggesting to you, that's fine too. I don't care. Get this house in your name now and shut up about your interest rate. You, you've got a whole lot more at risk than 3% here with the level of dumbness that y'all have engaged in here. Gee man, just un unbelievable Question, Dave. He, he already, He can't just make up crap like this. You have no idea what the implications are. So obviously He put in 150 k, would he have to get that back and then put it back in to make it Official? Well, you could show it on a closing statement as a, as a down payment.


You just show it on the closing statement 'cause it's already been transferred to the owner. Reduce the own, what the owner's gonna receive. It can show. But you have to have a contract that says this and you can't have two contracts. It's called dual contracts. That's fraud. You can't have one. You show the bank and one that's the real deal. You just show 'em what you're doing. We put down 150, the money's already been transferred to them. Like it, like it was a earnest money deposit. Okay? And you can do this properly and above board or you can just not show it. Now if you buy it and you record the deed at the lower price to your other question, it has no, it does not affect the value of the property whatsoever. If you buy a half a million dollars house for $350,000, it does not make the half million dollar house worth 350.


It makes it worth 500 'cause it was already worth 500. The house is not, appraisals aren't done based on what you pay for it. Appraisals are done based on what other properties in the area sold that are similar. That's how appraisals are done. Unless, unless everyone in the neighborhood sold for 150,000 less. Exactly. It's not gonna affect. Exactly. And so, no, I mean let's say you bought the house at a foreclosure or something at a bargain. Does that make it worth less? No. It's still worth what it's worth. You just got a deal. And so the, the last part of your question is not a problem at all. So if the bank, whoever the flip the bank is on this deal wants to just give you a mortgage and put the property in your name at 150 off the price and you guys go get a mortgage, that's fine.


If you wanna do a contract showing the total price and the $150,000 credit, you can do that too. Get with a title company. They can show you how to do that. It's not rocket science, but people do not do these deals. Jack, There's Mississippi deals going on Here. Oh man, it's, it, it, it works Like. this is a land contract or a contract for deed. People do those as well. It's the same mess, same exact mess. And when you've got increasing interest rates are when people try to do this 'cause they think they're taking advantage somehow of that look. But the the the risk that you're taking is unbelievable here. Unbelievable. The juice ain't worth the squeeze. Yeah, that's what they say.


Yeah. And oh, by the way, if you do change the insurance into your name as if you're an owner, you have to notify the mortgage company because they want proof of insurance. And when you notify them that that happened, that's gonna indicate that there's been a transfer and the due on sale clause is gonna be activated and they're gonna call the mortgage. So that's how I know you didn't do the insurance. 'cause they would've already started a foreclosure on your butt. Hmm. so I know you don't have insurance, you're screwed man. Go get this fixed this week as fast as you can before this thing goes sideways on you. this is a disaster. And It said Last year they did this deal. And so this has been a long time. A lot of risk you've been sitting on.


Let's drive the car out on the thin ice and hope it doesn't fall into the pond. It's gonna fall people, it's gonna fall. You're going in, you're gonna get wet. Oh, this just gives me a headache. You push David's button. So scary. So scary. Well, I've watched people do, and you know, the problem is these dumb butt TikTok real estate scam artists, people how to go buy a house. And really, you don't have to take title to it. That's just stupid butt stuff, man. Because you don't have control of the asset. And you, you know, the other party goes and gets an IRS lien. Boom. The title's clouded, you're screwed. The other party gets sued.


A half million dollar lien because a car wreck. But can you tell this has happened to people I know and I've worked in these situations trying to, you've taken that call these messes after they've happened. So yeah, get this thing fixed. And guys, you can't just make up real estate law while you and your buddy are drinking beer. That's not how this works. You can't, you don't get to change the way things go down, man. You got, well I got a deal. Let's just transfer and we'll just act like you're killing me here. Come on man. Wow. That does sound like how that deal came about. Oh, I'm Guarantee you Like, man, I'll just title it. I'll, I forget the title. Just gimme some money and we'll make it yours. I'm telling you. Is it Happy Hour or over a serious bag of pot?


One of the two. Something was going down here. It's just, oh, this is not wise. this is The Ramsey Show. Wow. Oh, So what is the right way to do this? Let's go back in time. The right way to do it is to contract to buy the house, keep your 150 in your pocket and go get you a 6% Mortgage. And is this something you'd bring in an agent? If you don't, You don't have to have an agent, you just gotta have a contract and you gotta go get a mortgage company to get a mortgage. You, you, you know, get a title company to close the deal, right? And so title company can close the real estate and you can get, you get title insurance and then you can get proper homeowners insurance and the things you need to do when you buy a house. And And this was all for the 3% spread that they Needed.


A hundred percent. And the guy selling it is just a, he thinks he did him a favor and he set, he set his relative or his friend up for a complete fall. And there's risk on that guy's part too. He's got I guess these weird, this rental situation that The biggest risk is he could get foreclosed on if he can't come, let's say the mortgage 300 grand and he doesn't have the money and they call the loan and he can't get the house sold before they to somebody really sold to pay out. 'cause he gotta pay out 300 grand. Oh, they call that loan if they activate that due on sale clause and they will. this is 360 degrees of stupid. Completely watched them do it. this is The Ramsey Show


Here At Ramsey. We talk a lot about building wealth and a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage.


Thank you for joining us America. We're so glad you're with us. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five.


Well, with undeniable research and data, George Campbell's new book, breaking Free from Broke Exposes the most Common Money, lies and Excuses Head on, like credit card schemes, investing traps and mortgage mythology. It's all the stuff you wish you had been taught somewhere in school but weren't. And he shares a story of how he went from a negative net worth to a millionaire in less than 10 years. And it's a Number one bestseller. Cool George, It's been fun. I love, I've been getting dms now as people have been reading it and they got the EveryDollar budget going and they're saying, I cut up my cards. Thank you for exposing the system, especially young people and that now they're saying I'm gifting it to the young people in my life to help them avoid the mistakes that I made. So this is preventive medicine now. 'cause Dave, you've been doing the emergency surgery for about 30 years plus now. And I'm trying to help the next generation avoid all of the broke mistakes. Well there's two things in this book that are exceptional. Number one, the level of snark is Fabulous. That's in there. The George Quality brand Snark is all through here. The other thing is the depth of research and the detail you go into on why these things suck. I mean it's not just you ranting, it's, it's Really we had to think 140 sources in the book and they're all in there. 'cause I wanted people to know this is not my opinion anymore. this is all data backed. Yeah, There we go. Just like that. Breaking free from Broke the Ultimate Guide to More Money and Less stress. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Place to Go. There you go. You can always get it at the store.


Lisa's in Waco. Hi Lisa, how are you? Hi. I am fine. how are you? Dave Better Than I deserve. What's up? Okay, I'll give you my question first so you'll know the direction I'm going. I want to know if we are gonna have to live on beans and rice through retirement. How old are you? I am 53 and my husband is 59. And how much money do you have in your retirement accounts? Okay, I did, we just talked to a retirement specialist because my husband is getting close to retirement and I've looked at, he, he is a postman and a pastor. So in his postal retire he has a TSP for 50,000.


But then he gets a, he will get a pension. It's not very much 'cause we just went back to work nine years ago. And so, but the total pension, social security and TSP that he's gonna be receiving as of today, if he retires at 63 is 2060 $8. Okay. That's all the money you all have. That's okay. So that is what he would be getting per month. Do You have any other nest egg Right now? I'm, I've been working the baby steps since Last year. We have eight children and I stayed home to be a stay at home mom for their whole lives. And then my last one is 14 and I went to work whenever my husband did and he, she was three when she went to school.


And the teachers told me I needed to go back to college. so I did. So for five years I did college school, full-time, college full-time and mom full-time. And you got $50,000. Is that your total nest egg? My total nest egg. That's what it looks like. Okay. And you're 53 and he's 57. 59. 59. And your household income is what Is 7,700 a month. Okay. So, Okay. He does not get to retire next year. You don't have any money, right? Right. We're in four years. He's 59, Right?


Yeah, you're gonna be working a while. Okay. And you need to be and you need to work the baby steps. How much debt do you guys have left? Okay. I paid off 16 credit cards in 13 months. $47,000. Good For you. So when I went back to school, do You have any debt now? Yes I do. How much debt do you have now? 17,000 in a car. 21,000 in my house and 32,000 in my school loans. Okay. We need to clean up the car and the school loans as soon as possible in baby step two. And then you need to start setting aside 15% of your household income into retirement accounts in baby step four until you get the house paid off.


And when it's paid off, you load up everything but you and you guys need to get with this, it's time to clean it up. Yeah, right fast. Yeah. Really, really fast. Yes. I've been trying You're by yourself. Where is he? We've been living, he works as a post Week. I know you told me that. Why is he not helping you? He is helping me. How come? I've been trying. How come we aren't trying? Oh well, well I take that back. Okay. We are trying. Okay, we're working on this Together. Good. Both of you roll up your sleeves in Gazelle tens get these debts cleaned up and then go from there. Mm. Yeah. We've said for years now, Dave retirement is not an age, it's a financial number. You don't get to declare retirement just because you turned 62.


You gotta have money. And. we see too many sad stories where people go, well I'm gonna rely on social security and a pension to get me by. And you realize we're living in poverty. You got 7,700 coming in now and that's 2000 coming in then. And your Expenses are six grand in a retirement, you're gonna have two. That's a problem. It's an issue. So yeah. Yeah. We need to get the 32 cleaned up on the student loan, get the car paid off, then there's only 21 left on the house. That's good news. So we can get that knocked out as we go along later at baby step seven or six. And, but then start immediately. If you start saving 15, $20,000 a year and you do that for the next five to 10 years, you can build a pretty substantial nest egg and get with a good mutual or get with a good smart Vista Pro to help you do that.


Not a retirement specialist. Yeah, I don't know what that was. It worried me. Well it's somebody they paid a fee to to help 'em analyze the postal pension, which is not, you know, you can analyze it all day. It's gonna be what it is. So what we've got is 50 K, which is not nearly enough. So we need to be adding to that as soon as we get the debt cleaned up and get the emergency fund in place as fast as we possibly can. That's the idea. Benjamin's in Los Angeles High. Benjamin, welcome to The Ramsey. Show, Thank you so much. how are you today Better than I deserve? How can I help? So I, I have kind of a doozy for you.


I am working on breaking the family curse of poverty and me and my wife are through baby step two, working on baby step three. And I have an eye on my father and just kind of watching him live paycheck to paycheck. And he is, he's working kind of as a handyman installing toilets. And in Michigan, I live in California. And so in looking at baby step three after four, baby step 5, 5, 4, 5 and six, the the kids, kids, I have two kids.


So all of that, I also am wondering if it's wise for me in looking ahead to his future, trying to be a good son and putting a addition on my house or trying to save to put an addition on my house for when he can finally stop working or when he can't work anymore, I can have a place for him to land. It'd be cheaper to rent him an apartment in Michigan. What would this addition cost? I I looked at it And It was about 60 grand. 70 mm between I, I got a couple bids and so looking at it, yeah, about 60 to 70.


What do you, what's your household income? After my House is paid off? 91. Okay. You got an awful lot of stuff to do before you start providing housing to your parents. Indeed. I I don't know how you're gonna get to all of it, Right? You know, I I Your obligation is to your children before it is to your dad. Yeah. I just, I just feel worried. He'll, you know, be cold on cold on the street one day. What's one day? Is that 12 years from now or tomorrow? He's 55 And he's able bodi at least 55.


He's not 80 55. Yeah. Good lord. We're worried about something that's a decade and a half away man. Go, go run your life. Go Build. so I would not worry about this House in the next 15 years. Go become a millionaire. What if the house and then Different take care of your dad. You don't need to be getting bids on an addition to your house for a 55-year-old. Why did you even spend the calories? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I doubt you're even in this house. By the time he needs a place you'll probably moved By that your whole life is gonna be completely different. 15 years from now, 20 years from now, it has nothing. No, no. Wow.


That's thinking ahead. I'll tell you That much. Hey man, go back to work in the baby steps and the best way you can serve your dad is to take really good care of your family and your kids and, and Bill wealth. And then you'll have the money to write a check. And if you wanna have an addition and you got a couple million dollars 15 years from now, won't be a big deal at all. You can do it, but you don't have to worry about it today. Good Lord. You thought the guy was 80 or 75. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create actual amazing relationships.


George Kamel Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour Ramsey Networks production is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. Oliver is in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey Oliver. What's up? Hey, how are you doing today? Better than I deserve? How can I help? Yes. so I was calling in to see if I can take some guidance. I have been working on the baby steps for a while now, watching the video, trying to learn as much as we can. We recently have paid about $35,000 in debt.


Now we are left with about 40. So my question is, is should I take money out of my retirement 401k to pay for to try to limit some of the debt that I have? We are trying to save for a house, but we just recently found out that we are going to have to do IVS in order to start our family. So we're trying to knock out the debt as quickly as possible so we can start saving for that as well. so I was trying to see is it okay for me to use my retirement to knock out as much debt as I can?


Well you've got a lot of goals that are good goals. Having babies is a great goal. The only thing better than having babies is having grand babies. If I'd have known how great grand babies are gonna be, I'd have been nicer to their parents. So yeah, having babies is a good thing, right? So, and getting a house is a good thing. These are good goals. And so you're, you're going at it, you know, the right way. And Of course, when we start talking about IVF, we're talking about something very emotional, right? Yes. I mean like logic and everything goes out the window when you start talking about babies. And so I've been trying to get us to get credit cards and we're not trying to use credit card.


We're, we're not going to use credit cards for IVF because here's the problem. Having done what I do, I I I want you to go do the treatment. I want you to have babies, I want do anything I can to help you, okay? But I don't want you to be paying payments. And It didn't take, you know what's more painful than not, I mean, than, than, than not having your IVF work paying payments on an IVF that didn't work With that painful reminder every single month, Every stinking month. That's horrible. Don't set yourself up for that. That's an emotional train wreck you're asking for. Please don't do that. And I don't care what they say about how you are supposed to handle your money.


They're, they're just doctors, which means they're financial idiots usually. Okay? So yeah, no, what what is this particular version of IVF going to cost? They're estimating $25,000. Okay? Again, endorsing the idea that you're doing this, yes, you need to go do this. Yes, we're going to help you do this. I want you having sat here in this chair answering these questions for 30 years. this is not the first time I've had this question. Okay? I want you to go shopping because that's a high number.


I think you can do this less expensively. I think there are other ways, other, other people that do IVF other than the one you've talked to and you need to learn about them. Okay? So promise me you were gonna get a second and a third and a fourth opinion. Anything else you were buying for $25,000, you would shop it, right? Yes sir. Okay. But logic goes out the window because there's so much emotion. And, we pay whatever we gotta pay because babies are important. No, no, no. We're gonna, we're gonna actually use wisdom about an emotional process And part of that wisdom is not touching your 401k. Yeah. And there's two reasons why Number. one, you're gonna pay an exorbitant penalty for doing so, your income tax rate plus a 10% early withdrawal penalty, which is like borrowing at 30 something percent interest, which you would never do.


And on top of that, you've unplugged all this growth and compound interest that would've worked for you over the next several decades. So robbing your 401k is not a place you want to go. No. To pay off debt or to fund the IVF. What's your household income Roughly around one 30. Good. And you paid off 30 K so far? What's the 40,000 remaining? So we have 12,000 in a car, which we tried to sell off but it was only worth little less than five. We have 11,000 of student loans, 7,000 a credit card, 35 and a medical credit card and 7,500 in a Personal, okay.


Alright, so here, here's No, I'm with George. No, we're not gonna catch out the 401k How. are you guys, I'm about to be 30 and she is 27. My Wife. Okay. Alright. It sounds to me like you could be debt free in around another year When we broke it down. We have it scheduled for next September. Okay. So a year and a couple of months. Yes Sir. Okay. And let's pretend that we found IVF that was 15 then by the, if, if you're debt free in September you'd have the 15 within three or four months.


So that following theoretically Yes. Yeah. That following December or January we can talk about a procedure. Okay. And you'd be 31. That's probably your best plan if logic's out the window 'cause babies matter and you're not gonna do that, then push pause and just step back from the baby steps and scratch together the money and do your IVF now and then after that start your baby steps back. That's declaring it an emergency. That's what that is. If you do it that way. And that would be Like you cover your four walls, your insurance and every other penny you're gonna spend saving up Yeah.


For this Treatment. And then for three, four months, as soon as you get the IVF behind you, then you, then you start back and you finish off the 40 K. That's not my preference, that's that's plan B. But none of these include cashing out a 401k and none of these include borrowing money for IVF. You follow me? Yes Sir. Yeah, you can do this and you should do it and the house is just in the distance. You're just not getting the house for a while because we're gonna put this in front of the house for sure. Agreed. Definitely. Yeah. Yes sir. No IVF was when we found out we had to do that. That's what we knew we were gonna have to do that before the house. But it was should I cash out just to get that closer?


But if you're saying that let's not do that, let's just attack it the debt little by little then we'll do that. Go ahead and do that. Yeah, I mean you'll be done by September, which means you'll probably be done by July or August. You might, you probably make it earlier than your math is telling you. Most people do because you got a real reason. I would set a more aggressive goal. You have a huge why. You have a huge why. And so roughly this time next year you can see the light at the end of the tunnel And, we're gonna be starting to chunk money aside for IVF in one year, give or take. And so you know that that's right. That's what I would do if I were in your shoes. And please go shopping please, please learn more about the different pricing models and the different one's.


A guarantee one's an at a single attempt. There's all kinds of different ways they go at this. And It goes from 7,500 and up when you look at it that way and you gotta look through and that, that's what the experience I've had with the customers we've dealt with. And I've dealt with this a bunch. Not a medical guy, just been asked this question a bunch.


this is The Ramsey Show listen tickets for the live like no one else Cruisers selling fast. this is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


George Kamel Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us America. We're glad you're here. Nathan is in Seattle. Hi Nathan, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my wife and I just got married about a month ago. We're just starting out and together we have about $165,000 worth of debt. Ouch. So we're, yeah, really we're getting ready to tackle that. But I'm about to be eligible for benefits at my job and we're trying to figure out if I should go ahead and do the 401k match given that it's a extremely generous, if I contribute 6% then the company contributes 10% on top of that.


So that's, you know, a massive multiplier right there. Okay. And, what kind of debt is the 165? It's mostly student debt. We got about a $10,000 of a car loan and pretty much all the rest of it is student loans. Wow. What's your household income Together? We bring in about 90 5K before taxes though. We're looking to, you know, do side hustles work overtime. Hoping to get that more up into the 1 21 30 range but baseline 95. Why so much in student loans with a sub hundred thousand dollars income. What were the degrees in?


My wife got her degree as a licensed marriage and family therapist. So that's 135,000 of the, of the loans. It's very, very expensive program but doesn't pay a whole lot. Especially right after graduating, she was still working towards the hour requirement for her license. Okay. And, what are you doing? I'm a handyman. I didn't graduate. I've got about 17,000 loans myself, but I now work as a handyman. Okay. Where's the generous match? That's at my job. It's a company that takes care of developmentally disabled adults. so I basically do all of the maintenance for the 14 properties that they have.


And so yeah, it And what do you make a year? So you're not an independent, you're not a small business owner, you work for someone as a handyman? Yes, that's correct. I see. And you make what I make 25 an hour. Okay, so About 50 grand a year. Right about though, I, I have opportunities for essentially unlimited overtime. So When will she be licensed? So she'll be licensed in about two to three years. It's, it's an hour requirement. Washington recently got rid of the time requirements. So it's just basically as fast as she can get her 3000 hours. Okay. And in the meantime she's making almost nothing.


Yeah. Meantime she's making about 45. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Okay. Well the answer to your question is no you do not enter into the 401k even though the generous, even though it is ridiculously wonderful and generous because it's just a temporary thing we're how quickly are we gonna be out of this debt and Of course that has everything to do with how much income you guys generate. And so the more more you can do on your side hustles and other things and the faster she gets through her 3000 hours, the faster you guys are gonna be through this debt. And then you'll start your 401k.


You got plenty of time to build wealth and if you don't focus on this debt exclusively and you try to do three things at once, you're not gonna get there. so I hate it 'cause I'm a math nerd and I know what that match will do for you. But it's a temporary thing. It's just for a little while, like a year, I mean like two years, maybe three, but hopefully two and some change. And you guys are clear and then you know, by then her income shoots up and you'll be able to take advantage of this and you'll be debt free and have an emergency fund and you're, you'll be setting the course towards wealth building. But EveryDollar, you throw in that 401k in the meantime slows down your get outta debt. And It slows down your wealth building more than the match.


so I, I did the math on it. And It was, it would currently, it'll take us about three years, maybe a little less than three years to get outta debt. And doing the 401k match would slow us down by about six months. Yep, that's exactly right. But it'll slow you down more than that because the power of focus psychologically, when you're focused exclusively on one thing, that's where we find the probability of you actually making it through the plan. That extra 250 bucks that you're gonna get back in your paycheck by not doing the 401k is going to psychologically get you so pumped. 'cause you're adding that much more to your debt. Yeah, And the only other thing I'll add to the discussion, Nathan, is the great news is you know how to be a handyman dude that is your side hustle.


You can make bank, You know, you can make $90 an hour as a handyman in your neighborhood Just running your own show, man. Do you know why? Because I paid that to a handyman. You did? Yes. Reluctantly. But that's what I paid. 'cause you don't even know how a screwdriver works. Exactly. I was willing to pay for the privilege. You're that guy. But you can make 50 to 90 in any neighborhood in America doing this kind of stuff. Yeah. I'm telling you man, I'm ta we're talking to handy handyman that run their own business, you know, print up some digital business cards and hand them out by their, to the around to their neighbors in, in wealthy neighborhoods and boom, you go in, you fix every little stinking dishwasher leak or d Replace every Light bulb disposal that's out or whatever else they need done.


And you, you do it and you're, you're, you know, you wear blue booties on your shoes and you go in with a smile and you charge 'em a lot of money. And I we're talking to guys in that world right now, Nathan, that are making 200 K. So would you say that it's worthwhile then to not wait till I'm out of debt to organize an LLC and You don't need an LLC, you need to go get your tools and go to work. You don't have to have an LLC, you just go get it. Y you, you can just declare a sole proprietorship. That's all you gotta do. You don't need an LLC until you're making a million dollars or something. There's no point. The LC doesn't do anything. You'll pay self-employment tax. That's it. But you, if I were you, my side hustle right now would be to build a great handyman business so big that it forces you to quit your tiny little job.


And then this whole thing is not nothing to do with nothing. This whole discussion about a 401k goes away 'cause you're gonna be making so stinking much money running your own deal. The the generous 10% truthfully is five grand a year right now with your income. That's the max. That's, you can create that with a side hustle very quickly and invest that yourself. Yeah. so I don't want you to get hung up on that. so I want You, I i I think your side hustle's gonna outearn your, if you'll go do what I'm talking about, start your own business right now today. Start handing out, let people know in, in wealthy neighborhoods that you'll do whatever that you need 'em, they need you to do. And you know you're there to serve them and you're gonna charge 'em and you're gonna be on time and you're gonna do what you said you were gonna do.


And you're not gonna over, you're not gonna double bill 'em, you're not gonna rip 'em off, but you're gonna charge 'em a lot and they don't care. George paid 90 bucks. Good God, George. I know, but you what it was because the guys actually showed up and did the work and I trusted them and the other guys never showed up. So, you know, at some point it's Not a hard business. Just show up and you, If you know how, if you know how to turn a wrench and you know which end of the screwdriver to use, it's not a hard business. It, you gotta show up on time. That's it. And, and people man. 'cause in the Yeah, they've already, they've already cross wired their dishwasher watching a YouTube video and blew the house up. So they're glad to see you show up and You talk to these small business owners, Dave, it's amazing.


They're making money man. I'm telling you. 'cause they're Competent and they have integrity. That's all it takes to be Successful. Show up and do the work with a smile and take a bath and you, you good. Really can't, you can't mess this up man. And I'm telling you, you're gonna make so much that this whole discussion about your 401k with this 45,000 job's gonna be out 'cause you're gonna quit. 'cause you're gonna be running this bone business full time for it's over. That's where this is gonna end up going. I love this story. I can't wait to see the end of it. Call us back and tell us how it turns out. Oh, and by the way, then you're outta debt in two years. That's what I'm saying. We need a more aggressive debt payoff plan. 'cause what I like about pausing the 401k match is it gets you a little bit angry. You're like, oh my gosh, I'm missing out on the match.


Good. Let that fuel you to get rid of your debt faster. to get back to the match faster. Yeah. That's the power really. The psychological power of pausing more than the math of it. You wanna hear the irony of this whole thing? What's that? Three years from now he's making 250 as a handyman and with her $165,000 worth of student debt to become a marriage and family counselor. She's making 80. That's an interesting story about the value of education, The value of a trade Yep. In today's society. Whoa, that's a micro would like that story. He Would, He Would be, I hope he listening right now Be giving us, giving us his little micro snicker.


That little snicker of his with That deep voice of his Yeah. this is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent George Kamel Ramsey personality Number one bestselling author of the book, breaking Free from Broke. He's my cohost today. Thanks for hanging out with us America.


No one wins at anything accidentally. Oops. I was married 40 years. You stay married 40 years by working at it. No one wins the Super Bowl by getting off the bus and has no idea why they're there. They spent 25 years throwing a football and becoming the best in the world at it. And you get off the bus at the Super Bowl, you don't get off the bus and go, I don't know what happened. Where are we? I don't know what I'm doing. You don't accidentally win. Success is a series of intentional acts. Wealth building is no exception to that idea. If you're gonna build wealth, you're gonna do it on purpose. And if you're gonna do it on purpose, the way you do it is monthly you do a written plan telling your money what to do, giving EveryDollar a name. It's called a budget. And EveryDollar gets a mission. EveryDollar gets an assignment. EveryDollar gets a name of your income before the month begins and you agree on it with your spouse. And you pinky swear and spit shake to stick to the stinking plan and then you execute your plan that causes you to win. You. You don't wake up at the end of the month and go, I don't know where our money went. Look, we got a tax refund. How'd that happen? I, you can't do it. You gotta do it on purpose. And that's why we named the world's best budgeting app. EveryDollar. It's the most robust flex app out there. This thing is kicking butt. Tens of millions of people are opening up their phone every day, every week with their spouse with EveryDollar on it and keeping up with their budget and telling them what to do using this particular software. EveryDollar, you can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or on Google Play right now. And you can even go to EveryDollar dot com if you want to. It's free to check it out. Go get started.


Libby's in Orlando. Hi Libby, how are you? Doing well, Better than I deserve. Good. How can we help? So I have been just going back and forth with my husband and ping ponging in my head about my current situation. so I gave birth to my first child. Yay. Mark. What'd you have? Yay. A little boy. Little boy. Awesomeness. Very cool. Yeah, we have no debt. We use the envelope system, system for eating out and for groceries. Those are the only two though. And we're just really, we're minimalists. We've been living just on my income and saving for retirement.


Everything that my husband makes because he's commissioned. So we just never know what he's gonna bring in. Some years it's great. Some years not so much. And I, my job is pretty demanding. I work in a ministry, so we're always understaffed. And I came home a couple weeks ago to just a screaming child and a really frustrated husband and he is like, you have to quit your job. You have to quit it. And that was really hard for me to hear because I felt like I was letting my family down. But I also feel like, and it's my calling, so I'm just really stuck right now. I feel like if we quit it'll, or if I quit, it'll be really hard for us to figure out a budget because his income is so sporadic.


We do have savings, but it's, it's only six months and I just feel, I don't know, I just feel What do you make torn? I make 55 a year. And. what does he make a year? It depends Last year, how you told me that six times did year, Last year. It was 70. Okay. And, what was it the year before, The year before that it was around 100. Okay. What will it be this year So far? It's probably looking like 50. Is what? 50? So he went from a hundred to 70 to 50. Yeah. Yeah. What's he sell?


Insurance. Why is it going down? His partner and him, they just haven't, they're one of their leads. The, the major source of their leads, it dried up. They decided to structure their company else in, in a different direction. So In half. Yeah. Well, yeah, it's been progressive if that's what it's looking like. So, so I'm really nervous, but I also know we have savings and we're very frugal people. I don't wanna quit, but I do wanna honor my husband. So what did you say your calling was? You said I, this is my calling. Oh, Her husband called her to come home. That's her calling. Well, yeah. Well, yes, I know, but my purpose is also being a wife and a mom.


Yeah. As much as I wait a minute, would Rather there, so let, let's just stop a second. You just said you don't wanna quit. I don't Why? It's a youth ministry. I just love it so much. It's okay. Our kids just are, they're broken in the public schools. It's, it's, it's dark and Yeah. So you have, you have some, here's the practical options. Either you put the baby in daycare, Keep working. Is your husband keeping the child during the day To Yes. Because the business has been so slow. Well, Of course the business is slow. He is keeping a baby. How Many calls Yout Your business gets slow.


Yeah. Well he's not in the sales side of it. I mean, he is, he's, I don't know. It's, it's How is he not, not in the sales side, in his own commission. It's because of how his partner and him, they split it. How they split the commissions. He so his partner goes out and I feel like it might be time to end this partnership. I I okay here. The, the, this is Well, I Don't have control over that. This is Okay, let's Yeah, you do. He told you to quit. Maybe you could tell him to quit. There's an idea anyway. I believe in being a submissive wife though Submissive wife doesn't mean you submit to misbehavior or stupidity.


Okay. And. It doesn't mean you go, it doesn't mean you go along with things that aren't wise. That's not submissive. Submissive doesn't mean doormat. You need to do No, and I'm not a doormat. No, we're A partner. Well then let's, let's, let's talk about, let's talk about a proper biblical understanding of that. Okay. And And It doesn't mean you go along with things you shouldn't go along with. That's not what submissive means. That is not honoring, if your husband was doing cocaine, you're not submissive to that. No. That and, but that's different. I that's It's not different. It's still misbehavior. It's just an extreme misbehavior. Okay. And him not running his career well, causing him to keep a baby and get stressed out to yet to, to demand that you quit your job that you love.


There's a lot of stuff wrong with that whole thing. So his career is what needs work not yours. Hmm. Yeah. He, he needs to rethink how he's gonna go out his career. And it's not because his income is erratic, it's because it's failing. It's gone down 30% a year for three years in a row and he's sitting at home not working. Well. He, he works from home. So he's able to, like you don't Work from home if you're keeping a baby. Babies are a full-time job. Yeah. They're very demanding little critters. Have you noticed? Yes.


There's No multitasking while watching a, a baby. Yeah. So that, that's, that's, that's mythology. Yeah. I don't work from home in keeping an infant. So What's wrong with putting the baby in daycare If you want to continue working. He needs, Needs to go to work and he needs to rethink his career. That's what I would do if I were in your shoes. If you called me up and said, I hate my job. I desperately wanna be a mom and I'm gonna a full-time mom and I'm gonna quit my job because I hate it. I would say, quit your job and be a mom and let's figure out his career. So, so that you guys can afford to eat out even though you're frugal and you're minimalist, okay, but you still gotta have money coming in. And so he needs to work on his career. I would tell you to do that, but I'm also not gonna, you know, if you want to work, there's nothing, it doesn't make you a bad wife or mother to work.


Yeah. There's no wrong answers here unless it's wrong for you. Both of my daughters work and they have three kids each. Yeah. I, and they're godly women. And they're great moms. I just I guess I just don't buy the whole, you can have it all thing. so I, I feel like I have to choose. so I disagree. It's not have it all. It's one version of motherhood versus another version of motherhood. And you're gonna get judged. Neither One, neither one are evil and both contain guilt. You can't get away from mom guilt. It chases you everywhere apparently. So I've been told I suffer from none of that.


this is The Ramsey Show. Our scripture today, James one 12. Blessed is the one who perseveres under trial because having stood the test, that person will receive the crown of life that the Lord has promised to those who love him. Thomas Edison said, when you've exhausted all possibilities, remember this, you haven't. I do like that. I like that. That's good. Lisa's in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Hi Lisa, how are you? Hi Dave. I'm well. Thank you for taking my phone call. Sure. What's up? So I was calling to get your advice about a rental property that we have that's paid off since the tenants moved out.


We've put about $30,000 on credit cards to get it renovated, to get it ready to either sell or to rent out again. And I just wanted to give you my financials to get your advice as to what you would do if you were my shoes. Sounds like you can't afford to have a rental property. I know. The $30,000 in credit card's a big No-No, I already know. Yeah. Well, I mean, it's like you're too broke to have a rental property 'cause you can't even renovate your own property. Right, right. Okay. So what's the property worth? What's it worth? So the comparative market analysis said it's worth 152,000 once it's all said and done and renovated.


And, but we, that's our rental property. We also have a house that we live in now that we owe $169,000 on total debt, including the 30,000 in credit cards is 280,000 total debt. That's a HELOC loan for 83,000. Our current primary residence, which is 169 and then the 30,000 buying, what Was the HELOC loan for? So the HELOC loan, again, stupid financial decisions that I made, but the HELOC loan was to pay off the rental property. It was like 43,000 that was left And. we paid off one of our car loans.


So you didn't pay it off. You moved the rental property debt onto your personal residence. Stupid. Stupid. You didn't pay it off, you just moved it. You're right, you're right. Okay. I'm not, I'm not yelling at you. I'm just trying to make sure you understand. So yeah, sell it and pay off this crap. Pay off, pay off the HELOC and pay off the credit cards. Okay. Do the baby steps. Start with the credit card, then go to the heloc and then would you put all the rest of it into the rest of the mortgage 1 69 or would you invest it? No, I put on the mortgage. And make sure you have an emergency fund. Have an emergency fund at three to six months of expenses. Right. If you're working the baby steps, you're gonna do that. You're gonna be a hundred percent debt free, except the house that leaves 169 on the house only.


No HELOCs, no nothing else. But you didn't even have enough to pay off all your debt. What was the other debt you had? The heloc, And, what else? Credit cards and one other thing. Okay, So, so you ready to yell? All right, so I'm not yelling. No, no, no. That was it. No, I know you're not. So it was 1 69 for the mortgage, 83 for the heloc and then the $30,000 for the credit card. I Got that. That was, that's it. So what did you ask me then? Yeah, is that it? That's it. That's our total debt. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So if you pay off the credit cards and the HELOC with the sale of the rental, you'll probably have, you won't have enough left over to build your emergency fund out. Right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Definitely. That's great. That's, here's another way of thinking about this. Okay, Lisa, there's a thing called a sunk cost analysis, which is reverse engineer the thing.


Okay? Okay. Let's pre pretend we had $150,000 sitting in the middle of our kitchen table. Okay. Stacks of benjamin's. Okay. Would we go buy a rental property with it and pay cash worth 150 or will we pay off all this stupid debt? Definitely pay off the stupid debt. See that? That's reverse engineering it. Okay. So that tells us to sell the rental property and pay off the stupid debt. I knew, I thought I figured you were gonna say that. Yeah, but I, I'm fairly predictable, But, and hear it from you. Yeah. But, but it's a good thing though. It's always great advice and I appreciate you taking the time for my call. Honey, we love you. We appreciate you calling in.


Thank you for being a listener. Okay. Hey, no problem. Have a blessed one. You too, kiddo. It's that simple. And it's that hard, You know, but the, the, the lure of the stupidity on Tic-Tac telling you that you gotta have a rental property. Oh. And then they say never sell it. It's Passive income. I got your passive income. $30,000 worth of renovation. There's your passive income. And It was Paid Off. That teaches you what it, there's nothing passive about owning real estate. It's very active. There's things called tenants that you better be active with Active headache a lot of the time. She, yeah, no, it's, yeah. And that, so she's so desperately wanted to keep this rental property that she just kept backing into it and backing into It.


If I put enough money in, it'll make sense. There we go. Eric's in Fort Lauderdale. What's up Eric? Hey How, are you guys doing today Better than we deserve? How can we help? Yeah, I'm just wondering like what the next step is after being debt free. 'cause I feel like I'm just throwing money into savings with really no goals. Well, let's get some goals on the table here. How much do you have in savings? 50,000. How old are you? 34. Cool. How much have you got in savings? 50,000. Oh, You said that. Okay. God. I'm Sorry. Alright. And you're saying you don't have plans? Are you, you single? Yeah, I'm single. I'm not married.


No kids. Okay. I feel like I should want that stuff because everybody has that and I feel like that's what somebody my age would want, but or should want. But I really not interested in it right now. so I don't really know what my next step is besides just throwing money into my savings. There's three things you can do with money and you ought to do all three. Always, regardless. You ought to save and invest it for future goals. And you do need some goals. Whatever they are. I don't care if it's family. You, you need a goal. Okay? Let, let's say I wanna be a millionaire by the time I'm 40. I don't care. Set. Let's set it up. Okay? The second thing is you need to enjoy money. Have, have some fun with it. Plan a vacation. Yeah.


And spend some of it on good old Eric. He's a good dude. He works hard. Okay? The third thing is you need to be generous. So always be giving, always be investing and always be enjoying at some ratio. If you're ever doing only one or only two of those, you are out of balance. And so you need to, you know, what I would do is lay out a game plan and make my money behave. It's very satisfying to make money. Behave. It tastes has a bad aftertaste on the back of your tongue when it just leaves and you don't know where it went. That's called regret. Okay? And so, you know, you need, if you lay out and say, okay, I'm gonna systematically invest and if I do that for this period of time, I'll have a million dollars in a good mutual fund.


Okay? And I'm gonna enjoy this percentage of my income. so I do that. I get a check in from the publisher on Total Money Makeover. I get a nice check every so from them on that I think still sells like a crazy man. And so I take that check and it's already divided up. Half of it almost goes to taxes, right? And the other half is divided between fun, additional generosity and additional investing. So when the check comes in, in a sense it's already spent Preci Predecided, okay? And just do that. And that'll give you, that'll get rid of this gnawing feeling. But I I, if you don't want to have get married and have kids, that's fine.


There's no, I mean, what, what, what do what gives you joy. I will warn you that about the time you commit to that you will, she will run over you. I mean, you won't be able to stop her. Yeah. You, you won't be able to. Yeah. It is just gonna happen about the time you think you got that. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, but anyway, that might not happen. But you, you don't have to, there's no rule that says to be happy you have to do that. Just 'cause everybody else does something doesn't mean you have to do it. So that, that's, that's cool. But yeah, being, you're right George. Get some goals. And, what are we, you know, I wanna own 10 pieces of real estate. I wanna own, You wanna start a business? Who knows what it is? Yeah. And And, what would I do if I had a million dollars?


I don't know. Let's get a million dollars and find out. But I love just splitting it up. It just helps to be logical and go, I'm going to give some save and invest some and enjoy some. And then it just, then you create your EveryDollar budget and you actually have a line item for giving. And you actually mark things down under that category. And you actually have the spending fun money category for Eric. And you put some things In and then you have no guilt when you take that fun money and buy cool car. 'cause You preci It. It's, it, I It's not impulsive. I, I'm, I got my generosity over here. I got my investing over here. this is money for, okay, I'm gonna buy a whole car and you don't have to go. I don't think I'm, should I have done that? Would I do something wrong Buying that car? You didn't do anything wrong. You did it on purpose. That's cool. That's one of the most underrated would guilty Spending this much on a vacation.


Why you worked your butt off. You, you should only feel guilty if you have no generosity and no investing and you're broke and you went on vacation. And It was all impulsive. Yeah. And that's not what, but if you've planned it out and you got this money sitting there for that purpose, ding, ding, ding. Make it happen. That's most underrated. Part of doing an EveryDollar budget is there's no guilt. You preci, nothing's impulsive. 'cause everything was intentional. It's kind of boring once you get it rocking. I know. That's why you gotta add a little bit of fun in there. A little Bit of peace Like you have to add an impulsive fun line item in the budget says I'm gonna be impulsive with my $20 this month. Be crazy. Dave crazy That puts this hour The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace.


And that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus.


Hey folks, Dave Ramsey here. You know, budgeting doesn't have to be boring. You just need a budgeting app that's made with you in mind. And that's EveryDollar. The EveryDollar app has helped millions of people work the baby steps and take the stress out of planning and managing their money. Start budgeting with EveryDollar for free right now. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar and download the app today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash EveryDollar.