(15s):
What up, what up? This is The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony. Joined by the great George Campbell, Live, From, Nashville, Tennessee. We are taking your calls on your money building wealth, doing work that you love, and creating and sustaining and hanging on to great relationships. So glad that you're with us today. We're taking live calls, triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight, eight two five five two two five. We have a packed house out here in the audience. Good to see everybody coming to visit us here in, actually, we're in Franklin, just north of Nashville, but we are glad you are with us as well. Let's go out to Milwaukee. No, no, no, no. Let's go out to Dallas Deone and talk to Cyrus.

(57s):
Hey, Cyrus. What's up man? Hello. how are you doing? Doing outstanding, my man. What's up? So yes, I am 26 I have $160,000 worth of debt. and I am wondering if I should file for chapter seven bankruptcy. Why'd you jump to that conclusion? What makes you think you can't crawl outta this? Well, I've been working a lot, two jobs constantly. Not really able to get anywhere. Recently, about a year ago I caught a case for a felony charge and I am still going on actively with that case, trying to get probation.

(1m 47s):
So it's been very difficult for me to find another job now that my background check is shown a felony charge. So what are you doing now for work? Yeah, so I'm working on Amazon. I'm making about $4,100 a month at a minimum. I can potentially make more depending on if they allow me to get overtime or work a six day. I'm working five days there as of right now. Okay. Last year I made, last year I made 60,000 off of it off of Amazon loan, but I'm just like drowning right now. Yeah. With, with payments.

(2m 27s):
And I, I did, I, I rounded up all my minimum payments for all my loans and, and everything, and my minimum is $5,300 Whoa. A month. And that's just on minimum payments, that's not including food or, or rent or anything else. How Have you made it so far? What's getting you through every month if you're going under water? So how did I make it so far? Well, I've been doing Are you going further into debt every month? No. No. so I, I'm tapped out. I, I can't even get the debt consolidation loan.

(3m 7s):
My credit is shot. What kind of debt Is, what is this debt Man? Can you break down the one 60? Yeah. So I have a, a vehicle that's 51,000 I owe left on it. 51,000? Yeah, it's a Tesla model y performance. Oh, not a Tesla. What's it worth? Yeah. Not 51 two five thousand. How much? 35,000. 35,000. Okay. What else? I have nine credit cards that a total of $55,000 worth of debt on that. Okay. And Then I, and then I have the rest of my loans, which is 90, 98,000, which is three personal loans.

(3m 57s):
And then my auto loan. Your other what? My auto loan. Auto loan. You have another auto loan? Yeah. No, no, no. It's, it's the Tesla. Okay. So you got 51 K on the car, nine credit cards that are 50 5K. And then the other, what is that, another 50 or 60 is in personal loans? No, so total with the car, it, it's 98, so it would be another like 40 in personal. Okay. What, where did all this money go? What have you been spending on? So We're talking a hundred K in just spending. Yeah. To make a long story short, I, I, as I mentioned, I had a 3-year-old daughter.

(4m 42s):
I I got in, I was in a relationship with this woman, basically. She was unfaithful with me. We broke up. Ever since then, I've been trying to honestly repair our relationship for our child. And also because, you know, it's a woman that I love and care about. Well, long story short, it's been years of nonstop taking on her debts, you know, paying, you know, for food and basically basically living in like two households the whole time. And yeah, basically just So she's been scamming you for this?

(5m 24s):
I mean, she's been just leaching off you all this time, huh? Yes, yes. And now, you know, recently I got, you know, we, you know, I moved, we basically broke up again and I'm left with all this, and I just, she doesn't wanna make it work. and I, I've been, continue trying to make it work for my child and I just, this is where I'm at now. Well, hold on. I can give her, making it work for your child is different than digging 150, $160,000 hole trying to impress a girl. Yeah. Those are two different things. And you have lied to yourself for the last two or three years saying I'm quote unquote doing this for the baby.

(6m 5s):
But you've been running around like a, like with your peacock feathers out trying to, trying to woo this woman, and man, she's been just happy to take your money, happy to take all your, your stuff. but it was, it wasn't about that girl. And now again, I think you love your daughter. I think you're, I think you're working as hard as you can, but man, you gotta let the fantasy of this woman go. It's, it's burying you. What's this felony charge about? Yeah, So it was, she had a guy in my apartment for the second time. All right, let's do, let's do this, let's stop there. I don't want, I don't want you to say something that's gonna get subpoenaed on the air. Let's just roll back to the money part. Is that cool? Yeah. Are you living alone right now?

(6m 46s):
So, I, I was going back between my parents and her. I was in my car for a month last month. I was in for a whole month just because I couldn't go back to either one. So now I am back with my parents. They, you know, they stopped drinking supposedly. So I'm there for, for now. And, and this is another reason why I was thinking about bankruptcy, just because I have a case going on. I'm an unstable household, you know, I, I can't rely on nobody right now. I I'm a worker. I, I, you know, two years ago I made, you know, 93,000 working doubles. I when, I mean, I've been working nonstop two jobs for the last three years.

(7m 28s):
But bro, if you, if you, if you make 98 3 years in a row, you're out. No, no, not three years in a row. No, no, no, No. I'm telling you, like, I want you to hear George and I say, we believe in you. If you make 90 grand for three years in a row, just straight hustling, you'll be out, you'll be free. Yeah. Listen to me, you'll be free. If you file bankruptcy, you're putting a chain around your neck and you're jumping into a lake. Yeah. The, the problem I have is I've been applying for jobs in my record with a felony charge. I got it. I got it. It's very, the debt the deck is, is firmly stacked against you until you get that cleared.

(8m 8s):
A hundred percent. Yeah. But I have never, one time, I've, I mean, I've never, the guy who mows my lawn, I don't know if he's got a felony charge. He just does a great job, right? I mean, there's work to be had. It's not traditional work and it's not fun work. And it is hard grinding hot, cold work. But there's work. What do you think, George? Yeah, There's no shortcuts here. We gotta get your income up asap. I would not file bankruptcy. You're, you can get outta this, but it's gonna take three years of hustle, throwing 50 grand at the debt, and that means getting that income up. And man, you're gonna have to get creative. You might have to get a roommate or two. Keep in with the parents, do what you gotta do, but do not throw that chain around you just yet.

(8m 50s):
Hey, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, for example, it might seem weird at first, and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird. If that means doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries, CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget that ch ministries.org/budget.

(9m 35s):
All right, we are back. I'm John Delony, joined by George Campbell, triple eight eight two five five two two five. Taking your calls on money and work and life, your mental and emotional health, whatever you got going on, I've got this. qz.com looks like an internety article, but here's what it says. It says, talking about money makes people more uncomfortable than talking about politics and religion says the survey here, that's actually been, George, that's been one of my personal experiences sitting with hurting people. Man, I remember back to, I've talked about this on the show. I remember back to my practicum days when I was seeing clients and people would talk about every, everything, their past, their future, like, like really hard stuff.

(10m 23s):
Partners they've had, like everything did not wanna talk about debt money. It, it just was too sensitive of a topic. Is it, I think it, is it too personal? Is there too much shame and baggage connected to that versus politics and religion? There's just like a tribe you're sort of connected to. Yeah. That's the only thing I've, I've been able to distill down. And again, I'm just speculating here is one. Yeah. Politics, religion, questions about sex, intimacy, all those are, they're tribal, right? You can get on the internet and find a gang, right? When it comes to your money, when you distill all the way down, there's that one question, what are you worth? And there's just nowhere to hide. It's just you. And what, what, how much money have you earned?

(11m 5s):
What vacations have you gone on or knock on on? How Much debt do You have? How much, how much do you owe? It just all comes down. and I think we put so much pressure on that one number. And here's what I hate about it. I mean, there's an old saying in, in among counselors and therapists, secrets will kill you, right? And so if you are out there talking about stuff and trying to get well and get healthy, but you can't, you feel so much shame around how much money you owe, or I don't even know how this stuff works. and I wish I, you know, when it comes, comes to the mechanics of it. I wish people would believe me when I tell people I co-host this show and I text you on Saturdays asking you about a particular fund, or I, you know, text or talk to Dave about this, a particular question.

(11m 50s):
We're always asking each other stuff. But I think there's an illusion that If, you have a show, or if you're on the internet, you know everything about everything. And so I feel embarrassed. I I'm not gonna ask anybody anything. People just sit in it and they just keep making the same choices over and over. And they look up like the last caller 160 grand in the hole. Right? It's a, it's a, it's a zoo man. It's a zoo. Zoo. That is Wild. Yeah. I mean, that's on The, Ramsey Show. We're trying to make, talking about money normal in a good way. Not, you know, there's things that you shouldn't share at Thanksgiving dinner. Yeah. It says here, only 14% said money is a normal topic at holiday gatherings as friends and family. Good. Don't go home. I think it should be lower than that. Yeah. Don't go home and be like, all right, we're gonna go on the table, we're gonna pass the roll Aunt Janet, and then we're gonna see everybody tell everybody what they make.

(12m 31s):
Who has the most debt. Yeah. Who, who made the most money this year? Let's go. Go. Yeah. Dave Ramsey's not sitting around the Thanksgiving table talking about, Hey guys, what's your favorite mutual fund lately? Let's talk stock returns. Yeah. and I guess he could go on the table and ask everybody what they makes, but all his, all his, all his kids work for him. So he kind of knows, Right? He knows, He knows. But this is the survey said 62% of people were highly uncomfortable sharing their financial details with friends and family. 38% said they're comfortable sharing bank information with family members and close friends. That should be 0% bank information. It's a very, I mean, that's private. It's like saying, well, I don't wanna share my social security number. I'm uncomfortable talking about, yeah. Yeah. That's a little personal. But I do think we should talk about money goals, money challenges.

(13m 12s):
We don't have to get into specifics, but, you know, we talk about this with relationships. It's good to talk about money, values early on, right? You don't need to get into here's how much debt I have, here's how much I make on the first date. but it's important to see, hey, how did, what was money like for you growing up? And I? I also think this is, so, George, I do think I can see money is such a sensitive topic that I can imagine going home and saying, Hey, I had a great year, and you got one family member that's like, oh, oh, did we now Ooh, ooh, George is so rich. Right? Or that's immediately followed by, you know, a, a cousin and be like, Hey man, I need a, I need 40 bucks, can I, right. so I get it, but that when everybody's sitting on a table or everyone's sitting on a friend group is holding onto something like, Hey, I'm scared.

(14m 0s):
Yeah. Right? Or like, don don't know how I'm gonna make my payments. Or, Hey, I had a really good year. Can I celebrate it with somebody? I'll tell you this, the first year on your past, change your future at number one. It was a good year. I never had anything like it. I'm, I'm a cop's kid, right? My dad was a cop and a minister. My wife was raised by school teachers. It was a new year for us. I called one friend. I was like, I just need to tell somebody. And it was a cool little moment. He's a banker and so I could never catch him, but he was like, that's, I can. but it was a cool moment to celebrate. And so you've gotta have people, you talk about things you're scared about, talk about things that you're, that you can celebrate together. Absolutely. Well, I imagine there's a spectrum from if you're broke and you talk about money, there's a lot of shame. And if you're super well off and you're talking about money, there's a lot of guilt.

(14m 43s):
Mm. And so is there like this middle ground of everyone else is like, Hey, we'll talk about it. I don't care. Yeah. So I think, for me, it comes back to you've gotta find some people. You gotta find some people. And it doesn't have to be your family, it doesn't have to be your immediate group of friends, but you need to find some people that you can have conversations about politics, about your faith, about, this one says 71% of people are more comfortable commenting on their weight. 81% said they're comfortable discussing their health. 78% said they openly discussed their political opinions or affiliation. 81% they would said they would openly discuss their religious views. And, we ain't talking about money, right? So we gotta have places where we can just fully let our hair down and say, I'm not all right.

(15m 24s):
Or can we just cheer for a second? I think those, and There's a right way to, to do it. I personally, as much as I talk about money for work, I don't do it unsolicited. Right? don don't just like hang out with friends. I'm like, Hey man, let's talk about your financial goals. Where are we at? Right? I only talk about money when I'm asked about it or when people are openly sharing and they're looking for an opinion. There you go. and I think that's the important part. Yeah. No one's looking for opinion. Even if you're like the Ramsey, you know, diehard fan. It's not the time to just like ram it down their throat and be like, you better follow the Ramsey plant. Or else Yeah. Nobody's excited by that. Yeah. Or meeting somebody inspired the grocery store being like, guess what, I'm a millionaire. And they're like, yeah, dude, I can't, I'm, I, I can't afford eggs. Right? So there's a balance to it.

(16m 5s):
But I do love when someone passes me in Costco and they don't even say hi. They just go paying cash for that and they just keep walking and it's just like an unspoken language we have together. So, great. Well, good On you. I was at a jeweler and the girl there. Ooh, That was a flex. That's, that was a good, I was Getting a watch for repair John. Okay, sure. And she immediately, it was like, I realized I was like a priest. It was a confessional. She saw me and she went, I have a car loan, but it's not that much. It's the only that I have, there's $22,000 left. I'm working all hard to pay. I was like, whoa, wait, release the guilt, Elise, come on. Well, yeah. So she's working on it. I gave her a book and she's on the path, and so now she reports back anytime I see her, it's great. Well, Money confession. I won't even tell you some of the strange conversations I've had waiting in airport lines and in bathrooms and I Can't, I mean, I talk about money.

(16m 50s):
You're talking about mental health, relationships, intimacy, the things people probably share with you. Unsolicited. I, I, I will. I can't possibly be top sitting at an airport. I'm pretty sure Not in a bathroom. Please tell me. They don't do this In the bathroom's times in the bathroom. Oh, no. Oh, like at a stall. I thought there was an unspoken like guy rule, Bro, you just stare at the tile right ahead of you. We all know that you stare at the tile, but I've had two different times someone looks over and they're like, oh, hey, you're on that show. and I'm like, just look at the tile man. And they're like, Hey, you know, so me and my wife, and it's like, not a good time. And they're like, they're always great. Like, oh, you're right, you're right, you're right. and I understand, people get excited. But I have had one in the, in the, in a airport in DFW airport, I think it was Dallas Love Field when a couple came up and just started talking about their sex life, not, It was just live therapy.

(17m 39s):
I looked at it and I was like, it's, it's not just not great time. Like I'm super, like, it means the world to me all listening to the show, but kind of weird. And you could see it as they're talking. Yeah, we just made this exchange super weird. We're just gonna go to Whataburger and call it guys. Yeah. Good to see. Good to see you guys. So lesson learned. Here's there, there's a context and a place, an environment, a group that it's wise to talk about this stuff. And then other times there's good reason not to Talk about, but I about it say you have to find people that you can talk about hard things with, period. I think That's why Financial Peace University has been so powerful over the last 30 Years. That's it. It's called people into a room. You show up and you go, oh, I'm not the only knucklehead that made mistakes. Oh, okay, we're all in this thing together. Oh, we're not gonna just sit here and ridicule each other's mistakes.

(18m 20s):
We're gonna just focus on getting better. Wonderful. And you get to weep together. And every, every week you walk in and you see a, a, a, an increasingly familiar group of people that's all doing hard stuff together and y'all celebrate together. and I. I actually, I think that's a, an unspoken curse on our, our current generation is everybody talks about their problems. Like, what happened? Who said this? Can you believe this? Oh? my gosh. So-and-so's running for president, whatever. No, none of us, or very few of us have people that can call and just be like, Hey, can I just say something awesome happened today? My marriage is amazing. My kid's doing great. Can I just say that out loud? And, we cheer each other on, right? And so find people that you could tell the hard stuff to, but awesome.

(19m 1s):
Find people. You could tell the great stuff too, especially about your money. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back.

(19m 11s):
Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brent Win, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.

(19m 44s):
Hey, guess what? We just launched a brand new tour. Me, John Delony and my buddy Dave Ramsey are hitting the road, coming to a city near you for the Money and Relationships tour. It's six cities, it's the raddest theaters in the nation, and we're putting a new twist on it. Every stop is gonna be an interactive night where you as the audience are gonna vote on what we talk about. So if you're, if you see the list of things, we're gonna put some topics up and y'all get to pick from 20 or 30. don don't know how many they're gonna be up there. And it's just gonna be like, all right, here we go, let's go. And so that way we don't come to you and play the songs that we wanna play. We're gonna come and we're gonna play the songs that you guys want to hear. We're gonna be talking about money and relationships and so much more. Every night is gonna be different. I promise you, you're gonna laugh. I promise you, if we do our jobs, you're gonna leave with some action items to go change your life and probably be a, a a shed a tear or two as well. We're gonna have a blast. We're kicking off in Louisville on April 21st, 2025, and then hitting up Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City Early bird pricing is happening right now. Get your tickets to the Money Relationships tour at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're checking this out on YouTube or podcast, it's in the show notes.

(21m 3s):
All right, let's go out to Milwaukee and talk to Alex. What up Alex? How we doing? Hey, how you doing? I'm good. Doing all right, brother. What's up? What's calling? Because I just, I do pretty well. I I do really, I do pretty well compared to everybody else. and I just feel like I'm stuck. Like what does that mean? I'm a pretty ambitious guy. What does pretty well compared to everybody else? I make probably close to $400,000 a year. Okay. And That puts you in the top, top 1% of any human who's ever existed in human history. Yeah. I, I, I guess I'm just like an ambitious person and I kind of feel stuck. Like I don don't know what to do if I continue to grow.

(21m 46s):
I, I've done a couple different things and it didn't pan out very well and I failed at 'em. But then a couple other things then. Well, What do you do for A living? I have learned? So my main income is I own a restaurant. And then my other couple things I do, I also own a lube and then I also do real estate. A what Or a real estate? No, the one before that. A lube. A quick lube. Oh, okay. Now I didn't know the industry lingo. Okay, that helps me. What's A quick lube? Yeah, but a quick oil, Quick Lu. LUBE. There You go. Yep. Yeah, I thought you were talking about those sleds that they have at the, the bobsledding Thing.

(22m 28s):
I thought you were like talking about, you're like French and you owned a, the Louvre Art Museum. Oh Yeah. All. So you, okay, sweet. So successful entrepreneur. Yeah. Which one Of these is your main, is your main main breadwinner? Yes, the restaurant. Okay. And what's your question? My question is, how will I continue to grow? I've experienced a couple of failures in the last couple of years with opening new businesses and I didn't darn well. I don't really understand like Ross, RHA and all that kind of stuff. Like my concept has always been invest in stuff and then that'll be like Security. What do you mean grow? Like are you talking about you want to invest in retirement? Are we talking about growing your income? Yeah. In the medical community, unchecked growth is called cancer.

(23m 11s):
So if you just wake up every day and like, I gotta grow, I gotta grow, like you're gonna implode. What, what are you, what are you trying to aim? What are you aiming for? Whatcha trying to get to? I just, I want to grow as a business person. I want to be able to create generational wealth. And like, I know some people might feel like I've already done that, but like, I just feel like I still have so much more to accomplish. Yeah, no, but it sounds like you're running from something. What are you running from? Because listen, Dave, Ramsey is worth a, a god awful amount of money and he is obsessed pathologically with helping, hurting people. And money is just the byproduct of this obsession to help people be free.

(23m 53s):
You have an obsession right now with, I gotta get more and I gotta get more and I gotta get more. And usually for, for guys like you, that comes at the expense of their families, of their romantic partners, of their kids, of their health, of everything. And and that's true. I, me and my wife had some problems a couple years ago and I realigned my priorities with my family. And that's gotten a lot better. And we're where everything got fixed and we're a lot happy and we're, Bro, I, you know, I know everything didn't get fixed. 'cause I've been married for 20 something years. It isn't just, it's not like a car engine. It's something you continue to grow together with. What, what, what, what's your ultimate question?

(24m 33s):
What are you running from? Whatcha are you scared of? No, I think I just, what Is driving insatiable need for growth? It sounds like you watched a Grant Cardone video and now you're just like, bro, I got a 10 x I got a 10 x. Like, like what is all, what's behind this? You Make $400,000 a year exhale. I, I don don't know if it's competition and I'm not, I'm not envious anybody, but I look at my peers and I feel like I should be doing better or I can Be. That's the definition of Envy. That's what it's, well, Like I, what I mean is like, I'm not, what I'm trying to say is like, I don't, I'm not mad at what they have. I just like, I'm happy for them and I'd like to learn. I'd like to learn, I like to hear people talk that do better than me.

(25m 13s):
I wanna learn. It's not that I wish them bad. I want, like, I, I I want like, oh, I'm angry at 'em is nothing. They, that it's just my, it's like I'm, I'm competitive that way in this regards. All right, here's your homework. You ready for your homework? You're not gonna like it? Yeah. Promise me. Say I promise I'll do whatever you tell me. I promise I'll do what you tell me. All right. You just said that in front of millions of people, if you lie, it'll probably get struck by lightning. Probably not. but it's just fun to say that. All right. number one, you cannot get on TikTok or Instagram for 30 days. I don't do those anyways, so I'm just telling number one, no social media for 30 days. Number two, you have to go for a walk with your wife in the morning or in the evening with no phones, no devices for at least 30 minutes every day for, for 30 days.

(25m 54s):
I number two, how many kids you got? Four or three. How many kids you got? I got four. You have four kids. How, how old I got twins that are four and then a five and a 6-year-old. Okay. When I ask you what you're running from, one of the most common questions I hear, or common answers I get from high performing dads, and when I say high performing high earner dads, is that they look at the chaos at home and they don't know what to do. They don't know how to be a dad of four kids. They don't know how to be a husband of a wife of four kids. They, it's just chaos. And they think in their heads, the greatest gift I could give my family is to not be here and instead to go make money.

(26m 35s):
And if you're making money to help people, if you're making money to change a generational situation, go get it. If you're hiding from your family, stop. so I want you to plan something with each one of those kids. And it could be five minutes or 10 minutes. I want you to practice plugging in at your home. Do bedtimes not for 30 days, not for the rest of your life. I'm not telling you to, if anyone makes 400 grand, you need to stop what you're doing. so what I'm saying at all, But if you had a, if you had a, a desire in your heart to provide good oil change services for people to provide excellent food for people, I would tell you George will walk you through how to do all that.

(27m 18s):
But don don't hear that. I hear you running dude and running and running. And those four kids at some point are gonna start asking, what was so amazing about that restaurant that he gave it up, gave us up for that thing. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. I just want you to exhale for a second. And dude, I want you to make $5 million a year. It's not, it's not about the money, it's about George and I can just hear in your voice, man, you're not comfortable in your own skin and you're doing a pretty amazing job. Here's the best question to ask yourself, Alex. 'cause I've, I've talked and hung out with all these people who are very successful young guys making crazy money net worth of $20 million.

(27m 58s):
And the question I think is so powerful for you to ask, is this two questions or three, three words and then what? I make 500,000 and then what I make a million and then what? Then I start five more businesses. And then what do you see where that's getting to? There's no real purpose behind it other than, well, because more is better. It's like a toddler mentality, right? Yeah. At some point we have to learn also how to be content and how to have peace. Otherwise it's going to destroy you Against that 400 grand. How much do you owe? How much money do you owe? I got a substantial amount, but it doesn't come out of like my personal earnings because my real estate pays for it all. Like I buy property, I always put 20% down.

(28m 40s):
How Leveraged are you? So I probably like all in all, like with everything my personal and you know, financial and work stuff, I'm probably like 1.1. Okay, here's what you're doing. You're sitting on a time bomb brother. You owe $1.1 million and I know the TikTok bros and the Instagram bros. Like, bro, you gotta leverage this to borrow this. And the bank's gonna co arbitrage. You're sitting on a bomb and you know, who knows it? Your nervous system. Your nervous system. Gotta slow down, brother, hang on the line. I'm gonna send you Financial Peace University on us. I want you to watch it. Control alt, delete, get some peace in your life. We'll be right back.

(29m 23s):
I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I gonna the Middle, how be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that wins. and I actually get all of our life insurance and It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xander.com

(30m 25s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by George Kamel. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Hey, we've all made money mistakes. If, you have defaulted private student loans. We're not judging you. George might be judging you, but I'm not judging you. Wow. But we are saying you can do something about it. Contact Why Refi Why Refi was created for people in your exact situation. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey to check it out. May not be available in all states.

(31m 3s):
Today's question comes from Declan in Washington together. My wife and I earned around 300,000 a year. We both enjoy buying and building Legos together with and with our sons. We have a large Lego collection, which I've been working on since I was a little kid. We're in baby steps four, five, and six. How much money is too much money to spend on hobbies like Legos? We've been spending 400 to 800 bucks a month for the last six or so months. It's been a blast and it's provided some really great quality time for our family. Great question. So regardless if you're into Legos, it's a good question of how much should you spend on hobbies in the budget. Yeah. And people want parameters. They want the percentage. Right. How much is too much? And that's, that's a good question for me.

(31m 44s):
I like, I, I'm not a Legos guy, but I like just I. don know I just like buying stuff. So yeah, help me out, George, on behalf of the Declans and the Johns of the world. Well, is is there a percentage? What? How Do you do that? Yeah, the bad news is I cannot give you a prescriptive percentage. 'cause that would be insane. Like if you make a million dollars, it's okay to spend a hundred thousand on your hobby and if you make $20,000, you can only spend 200. so what I would say is if it feels like it's too much, that's probably a good gut check. Your body's saying, Hey, let's, let's slow down now. These people make $300,000. They're in baby steps 4, 5, 6, meaning they're debt free with an emergency fund. And therefore, if that's where they wanna spend their money, that's totally fine with me. I know it's not, that's probably a shocking answer.

(32m 24s):
'cause here's the thing, some people are really into golf. Some of these golf memberships, you're Paying more 400 bucks a month for club. It's 800 bucks a month just to, for the pleasure of being part of the country club. No, that's what it cost. A sneeze on the course. Exactly. 800 Bucks. It's an initiation fee of your, you know, firstborn child. I, I think, and so don don't judge people's decisions for what they spend their money on and their hobbies. What I do judge, is if they're going into debt for it and if they're doing it at the expense of their financial future, there you go. so I would say four to 800 bucks just on a gut check. When you make 300 grand a year, you're probably making, we're talking what, 15 to 20 grand a month? Yeah. So to spend 800 bucks as a percentage, you're talking, that's a fraction of your world.

(33m 4s):
so I would say, if, if that's what you're into right now, go for it. It probably won't be a forever hobby that you spend $800 a month for the next 20 years. I Also wanna say this, here's where I'm in support of Declan here. Declan did not try, like I have been guilty of with like my guitars or other people or with their beanie babies or whatever is trying to say, I spend this money, but it's somehow an investment. I love that Declan just straight up said, I love doing this with my family. It's a way we bring ourselves together. I've been doing this since I was a kid. I love it. We're pretty much loaded. And is this okay? And for me, if there's, there's, it doesn't sound like there's a pathology around it, you're not trying to justify it.

(33m 46s):
You're not trying to like twist up some magical story about how this is all gonna work out for you financially in the end. This is just, dude, I like doing it. We make a ton of money. I'm assuming you're putting money away in four, five, and six. I'm assuming you're super generous. Can I tell you, here's a balance I've struck with myself. I still have a lot of don don't know. Purchasing guilt, if you will, just 'cause of how I grew up. We grew up with that a lot. And so maybe come up with a, with an arrangement that I'm gonna buy some Legos, but I'm gonna give extra, right? Oh yeah, I'm gonna tip extra this month. Or I've made some deals with myself to, to as a way to, it's a, it's a, it's not real. I just made it up. It's just for me.

(34m 26s):
But it's a all I'm gonna buy this guitar, but I'm gonna be extra generous in these other areas as a way to balance the cost. That's A great point. And for me, I'm pretty goal oriented. So if I had a mortgage to pay off and college to save up for, I would say, all right, we're gonna limit this to 400 a month. Anything above and beyond that we're gonna throw toward the mortgage. There you go. And maybe pay the mortgage principle first. That extra before we buy the Legos and whatever's left becomes the play. Lego money becomes Lego money. That's right. And so I think that is a better approach to it. If you did want some balance, and again, I see a mortgage payment, I see the interest rack up, I'm less likely to want to go buy extra 400. That's, that's my, that's been, that's my hobby, right Then baby step step seven seven. Now we get to do some crazy outrageous things 'cause we don't know anyone money with your Legos.

(35m 8s):
College is covered. Alright, let's go out to Pensacola and talk to Ryan. Hey Ryan. What's up dude? Hey guys, how's it going? Doing all right brother. What's up? Hey, so my situation now is my wife is no longer working full-time. She just gave birth to our second child a few months ago. Woo. And yeah, we've got a two and a half year old son already. Hey Ryan, I get a lot of grief for interrupting, but can I interrupt you real quick? Sure, go ahead. Just no one's listening. Just me and you real quick. Let's rephrase how you said that. Okay. The way you phrased that was, well my wife quit working, she gave birth to a kid like as though she messed something up.

(35m 50s):
So let's flip it around. Hey dude, this is so exciting. We just had our second kid and my wife is, is staying home with the baby. Say it like that. Okay, well that's alright. So we just had our second child and my wife is for the most part staying home with the baby. Amazing. That's awesome. Way to go dude. Very cool. Thank you. Thank. you Okay? Get to your question. So Yeah, so we've got substantial amount of debt. You know, we have been kind of living a little bit above our means, but it has been manageable when we were both working full time. Now I'm the primary, you know, money maker in the house and you know, things are starting to stack up now.

(36m 32s):
We've kind of burned through our savings over the past year and so now we're kind of looking at what can we do to, you know, kind of lower our monthly expenses. We've already trimmed the fat as much as we can. We, I don't play golf on the weekends anymore. We don't go out to eat at restaurants anymore. I've got our grocery bill down pretty low every month, but it's still getting a little outta hand. What's outta hand? Is it your minimum debt Payments? What is your total Debt? Spending a lot of money. Yeah, so most of our debt is tied up in two vehicle payments that are both upside down and How upside down.

(37m 16s):
My wife had five grand or 20 grand. Her car is, we owe 23,000 on it and it's worth about 17. Okay. In my truck we owe 15,000 on and it's worth about 12. Okay. And is that private party value? How'd you get to those numbers of what it's worth? Yeah, private party value on KBB. Okay, so we have a deficit here of nine grand. What's left in savings if anything? Nothing. So there's about 4,000 in savings a year ago and we've just been eating through that slowly trying to keep up with things. We've got a personal loan that's 9,000 and I've got a credit card that's two and a half thousand.

(37m 57s):
And then we've got various little small credit cards that I'll total up to about a a grand. So I, I'm gonna let George walk you through the nuts and bolts but I just wanna say this and I'm gonna get some hate for it, but it is what it is. Y'all have created a world for yourselves where staying at home may not be an option for a season. You simply, it's a math problem. It's not a values problem, it's a math problem. You'll owe a ton of money there. Right? And If, if she was making four KA month and daycare is 2,500, that's 1500 extra dollars we can put toward debt. You see the math there, Right? Thankfully my wife is working part-time at the preschool my son goes to So we get a discount there.

(38m 38s):
Yeah, but it's not cutting it though. It's not working. You have a math problem and it's because of the life y'all lived before you had kids, Right? Right. So here's a few things you can do. number one, cut up the credit cards yesterday, get on an EveryDollar budget yesterday. I'll give it to you for free if you'll use it. And you're gonna list out your income, then list out all of your expenses and anything that isn't food, shelter, utilities, transportation, insurance or minimum debt payments. It's gone. And on top of that we need to go figure out ways to make more. And that might mean hey, dad's gonna have to go after work to deliver pizzas or do Uber or whatever overtime you can do in order to make this work. but it sounds like you guys have, my guess is about 40, $50,000 in debt.

(39m 23s):
How much do you make? I make with overtime and commissions I make 55,000 a year. Yeah, that's not gonna, you gotta make more money brother. 22 An hour. You know, about 45 hours a week. So We need to figure out how to create at least two grand in margin so that in a year we throw 24 at it. This thing's done in two years. That's the math problem you guys need to figure out. And that might mean she goes back to work for a season. Yeah. And it might mean you're working seven days a week for the next two years, man to dig outta this hole. And for everybody listening, man, I'm telling you that the debt's not worth it. This is The, Ramsey, Show. We'll be back next hour right here.

(40m 4s):
Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals? Only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.

(41m 6s):
What's going on? What's going on? I'm John with my good friend George Campbell. And This is The, Ramsey, Show, Live From, Nashville, Tennessee. We are taking your calls on money, on building wealth, on your relationships, on your work, whatever you got going on in your life. Triple eight, eight two, five, five two, two five, George and I'll sit with you. We'll listen, we'll figure out the next right step. We'll go out to Phoenix, Arizona and talk to Cruz. What's up Cruz? Hi, How we doing? I'm doing good. Excellent brother. What's up man? So I'm 20 years old, got married right outta high school and I'm currently working at a church doing maintenance and stuff at around minimum wage.

(41m 55s):
And What's minimum wage? My, Actually I'm a little above. I think I'm making 16 an hour. Okay. So my wife works as well. so I think our monthly takes comes around 4,000, but it's really expensive out here in Phoenix. So I'm, I'm wondering if I need to maybe look into somewhere I can make more money or if I should move somewhere cheaper or I don don't know where to Go. I'm gonna let George handle the dollars and cents. But can I just use you as a, as a case study for what's going on in America right now? Sure. I feel like we've all been told, particularly those age 40 to 20 that you have a right to work whatever job you wanna work and live wherever you wanna live in, whatever city you wanna live, whatever neighborhood you wanna live even, and that it should work out.

(42m 55s):
and I love your humility man. You're, you're, you're doing literally the Lord's work man. You're cleaning toilets and fixing light bulbs and I was a maintenance man at a church for years. You're doing good work behind the scenes man. And you live in an expensive place and so now you've got this math problem, right? Yeah. And it's frustrating 'cause you like the work you do and you do good work and you help people out and you're working for a, a bigger mission than just getting wealthy. And you probably have friends of community and family in Arizona. Is that right? In Phoenix? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. I hate that for you brother. But yeah, you're running up against and I and I appreciate you just being open about it. Like you're running up against a problem that everyone's running up against, which is, I wanted to live here, I wanted to do this job and the math isn't working and George and I were just talking off air.

(43m 42s):
George gets roasted alive for suggesting, well you have to make a change. You don't understand, you're an idiot. You don't care about me. No, it's, I love you enough to say it's a math problem. Like it's just a math problem. It just is. So, man, what do you think George? What does your wife think about this? Is she open to moving? Is she open to you switching careers and kind of having a big life change? Well, I mean we, we talk about it but we are really connected here. You know, all our family's here, we have deep friendships at our church and you know, so it would be a hard thing. And, we wouldn't know where to go. And as for a career change, I don't know what else I would wanna do in life currently.

(44m 25s):
Well we can help with that. I'm gonna make sure before you get off the line, we give you Ken's new book, find the work you're wired to do. It includes a get clear career assessment and it'll help you get some gears turning about what you were really wired to do on this earth to make an impact. And it might mean, hey, I gotta leave the church, I'm gonna go do this other thing. I'm gonna get this education, this credential. And for now it might mean I'm gonna go to Target and pick up a job making 20 an hour instead of 16. 'cause that four bucks an hour is an extra eight grand a year that we can use to get closer to our goals. so what is your next financial goal? Do you guys have debt? Do you have savings? Yeah, we got about a little over 2000 in medical debt that we should be able to pay off soon.

(45m 7s):
And we ran into a car problem and lost our baby step one. So we gotta build that up again. But So that's it. You just have two grand of medical debt. Yeah. So, So the debt is not the thing pay holding you back. It's not like if you were debt free, we can have our best life. We need to get the income up in order to live. What's your rent right now? Right now I got it at 1200. But in, in reality I'm renting like a little house from my parents on their property. And So it's sort of like artificially deflated rent. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So let's say we, we kept this rental situation until we got the better paying job, got out of the debt, got an emergency fund.

(45m 49s):
Is that a good exit strategy? I think I, I, I don't know. I, I don't know. Just looking out here. Cheapest rent you can find 16 or 1800 plus For a one Bedroom. Like that's yeah, for a one bedroom. What Does your wife do and what does she make? She also helps with the church preschool. And she works at a Starbucks and she makes probably about as much as I do overall. We bring in four grand a month. So, So Cruz, I'm gonna speak directly to you 'cause I love you, okay? You're faced with a couple of challenges that really are not gonna move.

(46m 30s):
It's just expensive to live in Phoenix. Everyone in America wants to be hot all the time, I guess. And working at the church, pay 60 bucks an hour. It's a job. It's not a career. and I want you guys to both sink your teeth into a career. Even if that's you, man, you're handy. You could go start a handyman business in Phoenix and charge 50 to 75 bucks an hour. Do you believe that? I'm sure I could figure that out. Yeah. But You could even tell the people at the church and say, listen, I'm available for hire. I'm 60 bucks an hour. I do good reliable work. I was gonna say, you can mow lawns, but the grass doesn't grow in Phoenix. But you can shovel rocks, right? But listen, here's the thing. Yeah. To Quadruple your income tomorrow if you do that, Can I just talk to you just, well you called us so I am gonna talk to you, dude.

(47m 16s):
You can't just sit at home and go, well, you know Huh? You deserve more than that. You know what I mean? I feel I can hear you just feel trapped. You lost your mojo, man. When's the last time Cruz was real pumped about something fired up? What was it? Probably, Was it a project, something you were doing Back in high school when I was renovating the house I live in now and getting married and I got this job at the church and yeah, Right here, it's been a while here. Here's what you were doing. You were building something, you were building towards your future. You and your wife go out tonight. You don't have a lot of money to spend, but go do something, even if it's going for a walk on a park bench or something and y'all map out where you wanna be in two and a half years.

(48m 5s):
Just pick a number man and almost be a little bit unrealistic about it. And then I want you to get on the phone tomorrow and call Target and call Walmart and call McDonald's. Call everybody. 'cause you can serve that church on a volunteer basis when you can breathe when your wife can breathe and you got stability in your house. But the mopey like, oh, well, I don, it's hard, man. Dude, you, you're gonna look up in two years and your problem's gonna be here and you're gonna have a kid on the way. Yeah. Yeah. I worry about that sometimes. Okay, then here's what we didn't wanna do. I I wanna stop worrying about it. and I want you to take action, take action, take action, take action.

(48m 47s):
Okay. Five applications by, by the time you go to bed tonight, 10 applications tomorrow. Let's see what you can cobble together. Work-wise and just go make some money. And what you're gonna find is, I don't like retail. I love retail. Oh, this guy who I'm working for at retail needs somebody to help with a bathroom model. I can do that. And now you're off to the races or George said like, man, call somebody at your at, put the call out at your church. I'm here to help anybody do anything after hours. And here's what I charge. I charge 40 bucks an hour and I'm the best there is and I'll be on time and I'll finish below budget. Man, you'll have more work than you know what to do with, but you gotta go, you gotta go, you gotta go, you gotta go. We can't want this more than you do. Hang on the line. We're gonna send you Ken Coleman's, find the work you're wired to do.

(49m 27s):
Be sure to take the get clear career assessment inside of that. I think it will unlock some really cool things for you.

(49m 34s):
You've been working the RAMSEY plan and you've made real progress, but if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer, phone, or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's Knock Box N. Okay? As in next of Kin Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with knock box. You'll leave memories, not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash Ramsey. That's NOK box.com/ RAMSEY.

(50m 30s):
Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here, and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.

(51m 1s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm John Delony, joined by Jorge Camel. And hey, listen, you want some more money and less stress? Of course we all do.

(51m 16s):
But if you scroll and scroll and scroll, George, you get more and more madness and madness and madness and madness. And thankfully, you used this wild thing that's not available very often, which is called Common sense and research and data for your new book, breaking Free From Broke, which exposes the most common money myths and excuses head on, like credit card schemes and investing traps and mortgage myths and all of it. It's all the stuff they wish they taught you in high school or that I wish Instagram got correct, man. This is the financial literacy that you're like, oh, okay, yeah, never got this 20 years ago, but it's not too late to get it now. Or, Hey, I'm fresh outta college. I wanna avoid all the mistakes. Can someone just cut through the noise? Yeah. And tell me the truth. Yes. And that's what this book was. and I, the reviews have been amazing, John, because people are telling me, dude, you convinced me to finally cut up the cards. Yeah, you convinced me that it's not as bad as I thought and that I'm in more control than I thought. Well, it's one of those things where if you look around and everyone who's giving you advice is either broke or miserable or so anxious, they can't breathe. It's like, there's this guy smiling on the cover. Maybe I'll try that one. Right? And it's actual, it's actual truth. You'll gain knowledge and confidence to break free from a system that let you down here. Can I tell you this? This is totally aside from this commercial I'm doing for your book. It's so ironic to me. The people that get the most mad at you are the ones you're literally, you're, you're like, it's like their bike has been chained up to a fence and you've got the chain cutters and you're like, excuse me, please, can I, can I free your bike? And they're like, no, no. And you're like, and I'm just trying to, I'm just, I just want you to be able to go home and ride your bike wherever you want to. Can I just cut this? And they're like, nah. It's the, those people you're trying to help are the ones that get so mad. It is wild out there, but I kind of, you know, part of it, it's what Dave's been doing for 30 years is stirring up a RA ruckus by telling people to like live on less than they make. And it, you know, really riles them up. No one tells me how to live my life. That's Right. So And so I try to do it with a dose of humor and self-awareness and get to the objection in your head before you do. Yeah. And that this book, I feel like is the modern version of, here's 30 plus years of the Ramsey principles distilled down through this millennial sort of younger lens that isn't yelling at you. Right? But it's kind of a snarky like, Hey man, come on. Yeah, we can do better. And here's The stats. And they still work. They still work, they still Work, still works. And go Ramsey Solutions dot com slash door. What you say? Well, we, We wanted to make sure this book was practical. So we included for free three months of the premium version of EveryDollar, which is our number one budgeting app. So you get to connect to your bank, you get the paycheck planning tool, all the fancy stuff the team's throwing in there. You get three months of it with the book. There's a QR code inside you can check out. So get the copy today, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. And if you've checked it out and you love it, make sure to spread the word and and send one to a friend who could use it. It's Christmas time, people are going to need it.

(54m 10s):
Let's go out to Chi Town and talk to Chris. What up Chris? How we doing? Hello? Hey Chris. Hey. What's Up? Well, hey, I wanna know a couple things. Okay? If we have, we have some debt, we have some, some debt. So finding out that as a couple, we have about $575,000 in debt. don don't have a job. How much of that, how much of that debt's your mortgage? Our mortgage is 3 32 and a second mortgage at 65. Which ones did you know about?

(54m 53s):
I knew about that and I thought we probably had some credit card debt, but I didn't know it was this significant, Significant Was this done behind your back or is this You're not paying attention? I I, I hear in your voice you're trying very much to not dishonor your husband by telling the truth that he borrowed a whole bunch of money behind your back and hadn't told you the truth. Yeah. Well, correct. And he also took out about 80,000 I think in our 401k that he didn't tell me about. What does he, what is he spinning this on? He is spinning it on, I believe our, our paying.

(55m 33s):
What do they say robbing Peter to pay Paul? I think we're just cycling that. What did He use it to Pay? Not this much Cars, probably some vacations that I didn't really understand weren't real money, but credit card money my daughter's at, at, at college and we're, we're paying for that. We're paying for all her expenses. She's in her fourth year. She's a senior right now. Okay. But we also have a, a significant son. Well, our son is significantly disabled and he lives with us. He's 24. Okay. And so that prevents me from having income outside of the home. You're a full-time caregiver. Correct.

(56m 13s):
That Doesn't explain 180 grand of outside spending and debt. Yeah. Here's what you really need is for him to sit down with receipts and, and here and here's, this is a hard conversation we're having and we're, we're going through it real quick. George and I don't see very often that this much debt, this fast is taken on things like you, you get what I'm saying? Like, it's not usually like a couple of vacations and, and a new car. Almost always there's something nefarious going On that's firm's struggling. Is, is there, is there an addiction? Is there That my head goes right to addiction, my head goes right to some, there's somebody else.

(56m 55s):
My head goes right to, there's a big gambling issue like my head goes to, there's something big going on and hey look, if he sits down and says, no, no, no, here's a hundred grand in college tuition. Here's these two vacations, here's these two cars. Okay, cool. Just show the receipts. Okay? And that you, you don't have that piece because the wool just got, I mean the rug just got pulled out from under you. It really, yeah, it really, it really did. so I know he likes to gamble. He likes it, you know. Well you buried the lead there, Chris. There it is. Yeah. I wanna see receipts. You're telling me that someone who likes to gamble, who spent and went 180 grand into debt, spent none of it on gambling.

(57m 35s):
But what if it was over a period of about 10 years? Is that feasible? Anything's feasible. That's 20 grand a year. Of course that's feasible. Okay, my, but how am I Gonna know if it's a gambling debt? Just sh show me the receipts. I have a hard time believing he's gonna prove that there was 178 grand or whatever spent on, well I used that to pay down this debt and pay the tuition and cover this cost. He's not gonna be able to come up with it. He's gonna get defensive and he's gonna get angry. How did you find out Chris? Right? We've already been there. Okay. We've already been there. How'd you find out? But yeah, he's defensive and angry and then I finally pulled up the Wells Fargo app that shows credit reports and debt and I was astonished.

(58m 20s):
Okay, I want you to pull all three credit reports, okay? And you can go To annual credit report.com and do this for free. Don't pay for It. They're all free. and I want you to compare and find out just how bad it is. I also want your kids to pull credit reports and see if anything has been taken out in their name, on their social security number. Again, all this is free annual credit report.com and I want you to hear the words that we, this is what we call this in our house. And here in this building we call this financial infidelity. That that betrayal is that deep. 'cause now you got a special needs on this 24 and you've already been thinking about life after you guys and you're thinking about how special needs trust, and then you find out you're $200,000 in the hole, right?

(59m 6s):
Yeah. And so we gotta, we have a ha we have to have a a come to Jesus truth telling, everything's gotta be on the table. And then we gotta figure out a plan working its way out. And part of that plan is we are freezing our credit. All of it. Your credit, my credit. No one is taking out a loan ever again for any reason. It might be telling your senior in college, you gotta pay for the last semester on your own. Sorry, we're broke. You gotta sell some cars, you gotta sell the house. I mean, there's gonna be some, a reckoning to this. What does he make? Oh, He makes one six. I just asked him 1 62 a year. Okay. But he's in sales, so it's, it's, you know, Fluctuating. It's, it's up and down. Yeah. Chris, I hope beyond everything that this is just the accumulation of, of a couple of grand a month over the course of 10 years.

(59m 53s):
I hope that's the case. It would be very rare if there's not something else going on. I, I love being wrong. I'm wrong often. My wife reminds me. I love being wrong. I hope I'm wrong here, but more so than I hope I'm wrong. I hope you get some peace in your life.

(1h 0m 7s):
Hang on the line, I'm gonna send you financial peace University. This is 1 0 1, this is back to basics and your husband's gonna say, I don need to watch that crap. He does. He does because he's about to lose his wife over it. Okay, y'all watch these lessons together and then I'm gonna send you EveryDollar the best budgeting app and y'all are gonna be able to keep track together on how this expenses are gonna go. Full Of transparency.

(1h 0m 29s):
Yeah, that's it. You don't get to stay ignorant for another day, Chris. You're gonna be very involved from here on out. We'll be right back.

(1h 0m 38s):
Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.

(1h 1m 10s):
Welcome back. This is The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm John Delony, joined by George Campbell.

(1h 1m 19s):
We have this rad new thing called The Ramsey Network app. And it allows us to do things where we're not censored, where we don't get throttled, where we can control our own messaging in our own, our own words, our own content. So it's completely free And, we have early releases in there, we have special interviews in there, we've got all kind of cool stuff. It's The, Ramsey, Network app. You can, you can get it anywhere. But also it provides you an opportunity to ask direct questions that we can respond to. People try to call and call and call and they don't always get through on the phone lines, but here's a place where they can, where you can leave questions.

(1h 1m 54s):
So here's a question from The Ramsey Network app. The question's from Thomas. This is gonna be a fun, fun answer because you and I probably handle this very, very differently. Very, I thought this is the question for John And I thought this is a hilarious, I'd like to know George's answer to this while in baby. Step two, how should people prioritize emergency? Emergency preparedness such as pur purchasing generators, food, water in general, surpr supplies for when it all goes down? Actually they didn't say that for an unknown future. I added that part for emphasis. 'cause George, I think that's the spirit behind it. It's All coming down. That's right. And actually, as I say that in jest, I have stored food, I've got stored water, I've got a generator, and there's a hurricane of the century heading towards Florida.

(1h 2m 44s):
So it's, this is a legit question. This doesn't feel like a, and while we're at it, you know the moon landing was fake and the the earth is flat. Yeah. This isn't quite conspiracy. No, this Is for real. This is real. I'm gonna assume the best intent from Thomas here. That's right. So this is a normal level headed person, correct? Correct. So baby step two means you have a thousand dollars and I starter emergency fund, but all other money is going toward debt payoff. So he's saying, Hey, how do I prioritize things like a generator, food, water, supplies? Well, I would say we gotta limit what we can do. We're not gonna go build a bunker and spend 20 grand, but if you wanna go to Costco and get a little emergency preparedness kit for 60 bucks, put it in the budget and go do it. so I, I would just say you gotta limit how much we're spending on this preparedness idea.

(1h 3m 28s):
Is this a can of gas in the garage or is this a $5,000 generator? Right. There's a big difference. and I, I, I think there's, I I love that George. There's some nuance here. So emergency preparedness started a week ago for people in the path of Hurricane Milton that's headed right there, right? And so I, I would have considered that an emergency. Pause everything, get water, get some food, and or fill up your cars with gas and get some gas cans and go stay with some relatives or some friends in a safe location. So preparedness when it's acute, like, man, you gotta do what you gotta do to survive and take care of your four walls. Preparedness as in maybe like me, you watch a lot of YouTube videos and got some good Instagram accounts on when it's all coming down, right?

(1h 4m 10s):
For me, the most pressing emergency in my household was how much money I owed people that would come knocking on my door or take my house from me, take my cars from me, right? So that is a bigger emergency, number one. Number two, then you begin to say, okay, do we have, I live in the country so if the power goes out, I don't have any water. Like I gotta go get ca like buckets of water to flush my toilets, right? That's different than living in the city. So ask yourself where you are and that's a part of living out in the country. And then the other thing is, over time, yeah, if you don't owe anybody any money, you're working on baby steps four, five, and six as a family, save up and buy a generator. Are you gonna have a portable generator or one you're gonna have built into the ground that's gonna, you know, automatically kick on?

(1h 4m 54s):
I haven't thought this through, John, thanks for asking the hard questions. You're, you're welcome. But again, here's what I want people to do. Make these purchases intentionally. Don't make these purchases haphazardly from a state of panic. Remember when your body goes to fight or flight, when you watch enough videos and you start your palms start sweaty sweating and your heart rate's racing, you're like, oh, I got it. It's all coming down, right? You're not gonna make informed rational decisions. And if you're still paying off your student loans, you don't need to have five years of food re you need to pay off student loans, pay off your student loans. And again, all this is coming from a guy that's got a generator in food and water like, you know what I mean? and I Just know a guy. So that's, And you know you'll never find me, George, you'll never make it.

(1h 5m 36s):
Here's what I know. Your Tesla will run out of charge again. Thank you. Welcome. It wouldn't make it very far trying to evacuate anywhere unfortunately. So there's That. That's a great video. You just pile in the film. Let's go, let's go piling into the, and it makes it to trust Me. My wife was like, I was like, we bought, we got her a neu to her car and I was like, Hey you should get a Tesla. And she was like, we are not gonna be in all like, are you serious? We're gonna have a gas car in the family. That's A very anti-fragile anti-fragile wife. Good for her. There you go. Let's go out to Tampa, Florida and talk to Jared. Should have gone to Jared. We're going to Jared. What's up Jared, we Hey. How's it going? What's up? Just calling in.

(1h 6m 17s):
First I wanna say thank you guys. You know, w working through your guys' steps and working with Jim Stovall is what allowed us to get out of debt and have an emergency fund to buy the plywood and board up our house. And, we evacuate to Tennessee. Yeah, we hope you guys are safe man. Are are you, you guys out? Yeah, we're in Tennessee right now. Good, Good, good, good, good. I still I have family down there, but you know, just praying for them and That's right. We all have those family members, Jared, that just decide nope, we're gonna stay. So yeah, we'll pray for him. We'll pray for him. Pray for him. How, can I help you today brother? Yeah, Yeah. My question is just thinking about future, future family planning.

(1h 7m 1s):
My wife was here with me, And, we don't have any kids yet, but you know, I'm trying to figure out the health insurance thing. I've had people recommend high deductible with high deductible plans with an HSA or you know, there's standard plans or I'm on meta share. And so what, what do you guys recommend for as far as that goes? Well there's two kind of buckets to put this in. If you and your family are relatively healthy, then the high deductible health plan makes a lot of sense and you get the HSA, which is one of my favorite tools out there because it's triple tax advantage. So the money goes in tax free, it grows tax free, you can withdraw tax free from medical expenses.

(1h 7m 43s):
So it's a really cool tool. And then like a PPO plan might be better if you go to the doctor a lot or if there's kind of chronic health issues. And so there's kind of two buckets if you go to, if you're like always going to the doctor, you might hit that outta pocket pretty fast and then it's covered. But if you never go to the doctor, that's also a bucket where the high deductible health plan wins. So it really depends on you and your family situation, your health. so what would you say is the status of your family and their health? Yeah, we're both really healthy. We like to do checkups, you know, once or twice a year. But just thinking in a couple years, you know, we wanna start having kids and wanna make sure that we've got help with that and coverage for that.

(1h 8m 24s):
Yeah, that makes sense. Well the pros of like A PPO versus the high deductible health plan is there's a lower deductible and there's lower out-of-pocket max. The cons are there's higher premiums and there's a smaller provider network. So the high deductible health plan wins when you look at the premiums every month, but it does have a higher deductible. So if you guys can save up for that out-of-pocket max and be prepared for that higher deductible, then I think it's gonna be a win in most cases. And it's, what I personally have for my family through Ramsey is I do the high deductible health plan with an HSA. I imagine John does the same. I don't Know. Yeah, that's, that's what we do. And I'll tell you Jared, if I was back running it back again, having little babies, I'm too old for that now. But if I was having babies and I knew like you, I'm gonna plan for two years from now or three years from now, my intention would be to go into that three years out and save up money and go to the hospital and say, what is the cash pay for baby?

(1h 9m 20s):
And they'll give you an all inclusive cost. Now If, you have an emergency C-section, something like that. Of course it's gonna be extra, but often they will almost always, they'll give you a cash option to come and have a baby and it's inclusive of the before and some of the limited aftercare. so I would have that conversation, but it might be just 5,000 bucks or 7,000 bucks and it's like, all right, we got three years to save up for that. Let's head on down that road. All right. And then the, as far as like the high deductible plan with an HSA goes that high deductible that like we'd save up for that and would that be part of the emergency fund or is that something to save up for separately or? I think it's fine to have in the emergency fund the chances of like the HVAC went out plus the deductible and all these things happening at once is very slim.

(1h 10m 5s):
But let's say the deductible is $7,000 for the family, I would make sure to have at least seven grand. And when you have your three to six months expenses saved up, that's likely gonna be 15 or 20 grand. So you'll be plenty in the clear as far as that goes. Yeah. And George, I that's, I mean that's what we've always done is hold the deductible as a part of the emergency fund. Yeah. It wasn't on top of the emergency Fund. And plus you have the HSA to cover medical expenses as you begin contributing to that. Yeah. And so if you can, if you can I say get lucky, if you can go a month a year and not have to touch that HSA, that becomes a really, because You can invest It a wonderful cushion that's tough. Right. Beyond the, the floor and then you becomes like a retirement account. That's right. It's pretty cool.

(1h 10m 46s):
Yeah. Hey, that's it for this segment. We'll be back in just a few minutes right here on The. Ramsey Show.

(1h 10m 54s):
Hey guys, are you ready for the secret to help you reach those money goals that you've been dreaming about? It's simple. You gotta get on a budget with our budgeting app EveryDollar, you'll get intentional with your money and build the habits that will make those dreams a reality. And we'll be with you every step of the way from your first budget to that retirement home on the beach. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Remember today, download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play today.

(1h 11m 26s):
Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm John Delony. Joined by George Kamel, the handsomest face in radio. Wow. Let's go out to a disc, Minneapolis, Minnesota and talk to Laura. Hey Laura. What's up? Hi, how's Going? What's going on? Well, first of all, I wanna say Thank you. Last year I worked through the Ramsey plan and paid off my student loans. So amazing. I really appreciate all the work that you guys do. How much did you pay off? $47,000. Wow. So are, do you not owe anybody anything anymore?

(1h 12m 6s):
Nothing. Nope. Alright. Can we do an impromptu, you do a debt-free scream right here on the radio? Sure. Can you scream your head off? Are you in a place where you can scream real loud? I'm in my work parking lot. Oh that, Yeah, I'll do it. People already think you're crazy. It'd be great. That's true. Alright, count it down. You paid off. How much, what's the total? $47,000. 47,000. All right. We got Laura from Minneapolis paid off $47,000 doing an impromptu kind of weird screaming in her parking lot. Jeffrey scream, let it rip. Do I count down? Count It down. 3, 2, 1, 3, 2, 1.

(1h 12m 49s):
See, look at Geor even coming through. Alright, the best is you're watching on YouTube. The team zoomed in on the debt-free stage with the graphic and animation. Well done. Yeah, it just, it only thing it's missing was you. You? Yes. Alright, so what's up Laura? How can we help? Okay, so actually, well, speaking of being debt free, so I found some land recently and it's a really good deal. and I don't necessarily have the funds for it. So normally I wouldn't even consider that. Makes it not a good deal. I know, I know. But, but, but hear me out. Hear me out. All right, so it's 20 acres for $29,000.

(1h 13m 30s):
Oh, that sounds so awesome. I know, that's what I'm saying. I might buy it. So probably Is there body buried on it? Why is that cheap? It's so cheap. I, well, I can't give the specifics. I don't want anything else to find it. Wow. Wow. Yeah, just tell me where the GPS coordinates are. So it's like, I, I've driven past this land a million times. I checked it out last night. I plan to check it out with the seller because it's, he, I think the owner is just selling it directly. I'm planning to check it out tonight with him. And it's, it's just a wooded area. A little bit of it is, I don't plan to like build a house on it or anything anytime soon.

(1h 14m 12s):
I would honestly like live on it in a tent or, you know, just save quite, quite a bit before, you know, building or anything. Then why are you buying this? Camping is a lot cheaper if you don't need 20 acres. Well, eventually I would like to, have You ever lived on, have you ever lived in the woods? I've camped plenty. I. have you ever lived in the woods? No, but I have considered it many times. I and I do. and I do have A place where I rent. I do. And it's awesome. You, you live in the woods, but it is not what you think. It's a lot. Yeah. Yeah. so I, I guess I don't necessarily need to live there 'cause I, I do rent for pretty cheap. so I could rent, you know, for a long time before building on there.

(1h 14m 56s):
But I guess the point of it was, I, I don't plan to spend any more than the 29,000. I know, but you don't have 29,000. I don't have 29,000. Don't. Can I give you a great like Mama Camel wisdom? This isn't, I'm gonna say it in Arabic. Yeah, I'm gonna butcher it, but it's as g but it ish. And that's what this literally translates to. The camel costs one penny and I don't have one penny. Is that not the coolest mama Camel wisdom right there. So here's what that means. It's a, the thing that's the best deal that you can't afford is a bad deal, Right? So you're gonna make payments on this thing that sits there that you don't even use all for the pleasure of knowing that you could camp on it.

(1h 15m 37s):
Yes. But I actually, I can't take out a loan on it because don don't have, you're correct. Yeah. Because no banks thinks this is a good investment And you know what? The bank wants your business. And when they're like, yeah, ah, we can't take your business, then that's called a gatekeeper, right? They're trying to protect you from yourself. So your only option would then be to do like an owner financing thing where they essentially loan you the money and you pay them back and you just create your own deal And have a feeling you're actually gonna gonna try to do that when you go walk it. You probably don't. So actually I was wondering maybe if there was some kind of other option, like have people convinced owners to wait six to eight months while someone gives Up for it?

(1h 16m 18s):
They have. They absolutely have. They have, I mean, they've had this land forever. If you really convinced him that Laura is amazing, this is who I want this land to go to. And then you work your tail off and go save up 29 grand. Maybe they'll call it good and say, all right, we're willing to sit on this land for 12 months, but you're agreeing to buy this as this future date. And I'm making this up Dave as a real estate guy, so I'm making this up. But if maybe there's a contingency contract that says I will, I I intend to buy this in in six months and here's my plan and even invoke the name RAMSEY. I'm a Ramsey. I, I don't have the cash. I'm saving up like mad. I just paid off all my student loans. I really want this. Will you hold it for six months? And here's my plan for how I'm gonna get $29,000.

(1h 16m 58s):
Maybe. Maybe. Maybe. So there's a small chance. Yeah. You're saying, so you're telling me there's a chance, right? Lloyd Christmas thought the same thing, but hey, can I tell you something to give you some sort of optimism? Sure. A promise. A promise A promise Other land will pop up. Yeah, it just, it just does. I it does does. I think so. I think so. I think this is a good deal. don don't usually find land and it's cheap or I haven't, but also my friend just told me last night, she was like, do you need 20 acres or would you be fine with a lot less? I think I would be fine with a lot less. You Would, you would. But here's, here's what you have in your head. You've worked really hard for the last few years and you're tired and you deserve this.

(1h 17m 43s):
And it's kind of a carrot out there and it feels awesome. and I, dude, I totally get it. I've got land for sale all around me and I can't afford it and it makes me B-A-N-A-N-A-S as the great Gwen Stefani one saying makes me crazy, but I can't afford it. And so I can torture myself every day by being like, Oh my gosh, if I could, I can't afford it. so I can go play with my kids. It's a better use of my time or go run around my dog. Right? Yeah. Just don't make yourself bananas, you know what I mean? And whatcha gonna do with 20 acres? Not for real. Like whatcha gonna do? Are you a hunter? Well, sometimes. Okay. My family hunts so Yeah. And, But I mean it's, that would be a lot more expensive than hunting on some other, some free land.

(1h 18m 26s):
But, And then what's the taxes on this 20 acres? I don't actually know. I'd have to ask the owner. That's A great Question. Yeah. What's the easements And what is the ongoing maintenance cost? It, It's right on land or it's right on a road. Yeah. And what's the easement cost? and I don't even, it's a pay part of that. Like Yeah, it's just a lot. and I feel like I'm ruining your dream and you're actually one of the people. I don't wanna ruin your dream. I'm happy for you. I wish every American could own 20 acres. It's amazing. You just don't have $30,000. Yeah, but I could get there pretty soon I think. Okay. Come up with a compelling story. Get a guitar, maybe sing it to the guy. Maybe he'll hear that.

(1h 19m 6s):
Or he may, you may take him out and he just, he just gets really mad that you wasted his time. He's gonna look at you and be like, you don't have any money. And be like, no, but I really want it in eight months. I really want it. Yeah, you don't have any like any money. Or it's a Christmas miracle and he gifts it to her at no charge. Oh, Christmas Miracles. That's the George. I know don Don't, I'd always ask, why are you getting rid of it? Ooh, it's a fair question to ask. Why are you getting rid of it's so cheap. Where Are the bodies Buried? What's going on Buster? Yeah, there's like some secret, it Just feels awfully cheap. I know it's, you know, Minnesota, but Platon Under there. Land ain't cheap these days. So like a a grand an acre feels insane. I know I kind of wanna get it even though I don't go to, You'll never find it. She made that very quickly.

(1h 19m 47s):
Listening to the show on YouTube or podcast show's about to end. I want you to head over to The Ramsey Network app, totally free to download. You can finish the show for a distraction free experience. If you wanna go further with Ramsey, we pick the calls for you, filter by topic, and you can get all your favorite Ramsey shows in place. That's important. So if you wanna go back and run a call back or if you wanna be like, Hey, I need a call about buying land without a credit score, it filters for you automatically. You can get all your answers right there. Don't miss what's coming up next. And you can click the link in the show notes and go watch the rest of the show in the app for free. If you're listening on the radio, it's gonna continue on like radio does. Sorry John, I was distracted. I'm now on The Ramsey Network app. I'm watching you live. That's very meta. It's pretty cool. I apologize If You're wondering. I'm gonna go now. Is It hard to work with Gen Z in the workplace? I'm not even Gen Z. I'm 35 years old, man. The Answer is correct. You're Like four years older than me, Whatever. He's playing Fortnite underneath the table over here. These Gen Xers, they're all upset 'cause they're the forgotten generation. Oh, we just don't want the world to fall apart. And you guys are hell bent on Ving the whole day. This is good. Reason to tune into the next hour on The. Ramsey Network out. We'll see You soon right here on The. Ramsey Show. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bye bing. Bye. Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.