
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We want you to win with your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw is alongside and we're here for you. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Alright, let's get it started with Taylor in Los Angeles. Taylor, can we help Hi guys Thanks for taking my call? how are you? Good, How are you? Good, thanks. So pretty much some backstory, my husband and I have about like $105,000 in debt between credit cards, cards and student loans.


And right now he makes $8,400 a month and like we're breaking even between like rent bills and whatever. My question is, I've been doing hair for three years off and on and I've been doing it consistently for like the past four months now and I'm just barely breaking even. I feel like I'm not seeing the profit. So my question is, would you advise like getting a different job, like a full-time job where I'm bringing in more income because I finished a total money makeover and I feel like my mindset has changed about money and I'm like, I feel like I need to bring in more income in order to make a dent in our debt, but I don't wanna quit what I went to school for.


You know what I mean? Well maybe it's not a, a matter of quitting it. Maybe it's just a matter of adding two until you're making the money that you wanna make. Because I think, I think you know the answer to this. Yeah. You do need to be making money. Like you can only go so long breaking even. And if the, if the situation were reversed, let's pretend that you had a, a nine to five job that you were making money and you said, I'm gonna go over here and do hair on the side. How will I know when it's time for me to do this full time? What would we tell you When you're making more money? Or, or when you're making as much as what you're making at your full-time job. Exactly.


Okay. Okay. So well can how does she, how does she play this? Yeah, well I agree with you. I think we look at a number that we're trying to make. So what's a number? I'm assuming that when you called in today, you've got an idea of the budget the way you're talking about it, right? so what, what's the number? Let's take a take home number after taxes that if you were to bring in that right now that that seems a realistic, and b, it would, it would really help on the margin here so we can accomplish what we need to accomplish and knock this debt out. I would say like to help out and knock out the debt like 20 2220, between 2,220 $500 a month.


Okay. Would be very helpful. Okay. Alright. And so what are you making right now in your current job what you went to school for? So I went to school for hair and like, like said Oh that's I I'm sorry. After rent. That's right. No, no, no. You're okay. After rent and like product and stuff like that. I mean maybe I'm making $200 a week. Yeah. So is it, let's figure out where the issue lies. Is the problem that where your studio is, is too expensive or is the problem you don't have enough clients? Or is the problem a combination of three things where you are is too expensive, you don't have enough clients and you aren't charging enough? Probably a combination of of, of those three. Yeah. 'cause we moved to a new area, so I'm, so the past like four months I've been starting from square one as far as clients.


So I'm just kind of, I feel discouraged. 'cause now that I read the book I'm like, okay, I wanna like go, go, go. But I, well with that in mind then I feel like I'm not going anywhere. Yeah. Well first of all, that's a low margin business. so I, I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say amen to what Jade said earlier, which is we can come back to, to doing the hair, but right now we want to get really intense. And so yeah, I'm circling that number of $2,200 to $2,500 and the way I would come about it as I'd go, How, can I help add that amount of money? What does that look like? And so you start playing it out. Okay, so if I get a job making $20 an hour at Walmart, I'm just throwing that out there. I'm not telling you Taylor, that's where you gotta go, but I'm just saying you start to look at the possibilities and you don't have a degree in certain things.


So you go, okay, what can I do for the most amount of money per hour? We're just taking an hourly job. Alright. Yeah, but you know what, you might be able to get a, maybe get an office manager job or a, or an assistant, you know, an administrative assistant job and you start looking at that and you go, okay, what must be true for me to bring home that $2,200 or $2,500? That's where I would start because that's where the ideation comes from. And you begin to say, okay, I can go over here, I can do this, I can do this. And so I wouldn't overcomplicate it. This is just about a paycheck right now in order to get into the, the debt snowball and knock it out. Then once we get through where we wanna be, now we can start to dial back.


And, we get back to building your business over time and, and then you do well. But that's the advice I would give you. That's because that's what I would do if I were in your shoes. I'd do whatever it takes to bring home that extra money. Absolutely. And can I just dig a little bit deeper just 'cause I'm curious. So your husband's making, you know, over a, a little over a hundred thousand dollars a year. What's your, what's your rent or mortgage situation? How much are you paying a month? Right now we're paying three grand in rent. Okay. For our home. Okay. And then you said the car, tell me about the car. 'cause I'm looking for other ways that I can clear up some breathing room for you. Yeah, so I mean we both have car payments.


His truck payment is $600 a month and mine is $400 a month. Okay. And What do you owe on them? But We, my car I owe 14,000 and I, think his truck we owe 20. And what are, what's his truck worth if you were to sell it today? Private sale if you had to guess. I, I'm not too familiar with the truck prices, but I think he's, he said around like, you know, 50 or maybe 45. I'm not, I'm not a hundred percent sure. Okay, so I would be looking at these cars very seriously because of what you say is true and I, I know that you're just taking a shot in the dark here, but if it's true that he owes 20, but it's worth 40, do you know what that means?


That means that if you sell that car, you're gonna have a $20,000 spread of profit, which means you could get into a cash car for 20,000 and no longer be paying $600 a month. So that's huge. Yeah. So by the way, just to plug that in, Taylor, what that now means is that $600 comes off of the 2200 you said you need to make. So now all of a sudden we, we don't have to make as much and that's why that's such a huge play there. And the same thing could be true with yours. I I I would say coming off of this call, if you were to have homework, it would be, first off, I'm digging into these cars because that could be a pile of money sitting right there in front of your nose. so I, dig into both of those cars, get your husband on board and then after that, yeah, doing Ken's homework and saying, okay, what can I do?


What's the job that I can get? This is not the be all end all, it's just to make that money and I think that you're gonna find a lot more money quicker than you thought if you guys are willing to make some sacrifices with these vehicles Vehicle. Okay. Awesome. Fair enough. Yes. thank you guys so much for your advice. Yeah, absolute. I really, I really appreciate you taking my call. Yeah. And and I love her, her spirit of what can we do? Yeah. and I think that, you know, when anybody comes into the show for the first time, maybe some of you're listening or watching for the first time today and one of the themes that you're gonna hear from no matter who's hosting on any given day is that we're always going to recommend the shortest distance that's Right To getting out of debt.


That's baby step two. Yeah baby step one is a thousand dollars. So we're gonna say what do we gotta do? We sell stuff, you know, we go babysit, you know, we do whatever to get a thousand dollars. That's baby step one, baby step two. Smallest debts. The largest debts. Knock 'em out. We're always gonna say the straightest the shortest root. And that is intensity is what I'm getting at. Yeah. And so it's first season and in this case Taylor is really willing to do that. I love that they jump in together. You've done this with your hubs and you guys paid almost half a million dollars off. That's right. The relationship strengthens when everybody's going. We're going to both go all in and do everything we can. That's Right Ken. So thanks for the call Taylor. We believe you guys are gonna do this. We're thrilled for you.


Don't move more Ramsey show coming up.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is the season for Halloween. It's October. We're wearing costumes and we're wearing masks. If you haven't started planning your costume yet, get on it. And while you're thinking about it, I want you to be honest. A lot of us hide ourselves. We hide our true selves behind costumes and masks all the time. We do this at work, we do this around our friends, we do this around our families. We even do this when we look at ourselves in the mirror. I know because I've been there multiple times in my life and it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding behind masks and costumes all the time. If you find yourself hiding from your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest, where you can talk to somebody else and reflect and learn. And you can accept all the parts of yourself over time and start living an authentic life. Masks and costumes should be for Halloween parties, not for our emotions and our true selves. And if you're considering therapy, try calling my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for you and your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey and you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no additional cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is alongside, she takes my cool factor up multiple levels as I was reminded by somebody in the lobby. I do my best skin. You do? Listen, I need all the help I can get and I appreciate it. Hey The phone number is eight eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jade and I are here for you. Want to coach you up. Jade will lead on the money stuff and I'll help you on the income side of things. How about that? Love it. And that is how we get this thing right and, and work these baby steps so that you truly live like no one else. All right, we're going to Anchorage, Alaska and Robert is joining us there. Robert, how can we help today?


Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. I, I recently sold a small business that I've been building for six years and I getting about 2.2 million before tax. Nice way to go. Yeah. Thanks. What Kind of business was it? It was a media business like streamable assets. Great. Good for you. and I had been, I'd been building it since I was 18. I'm 26 now. Good for You. And how about that? Yeah. How do, do you feel? I, I feel excited but also really scared. 'cause my income is going to be gone, my monthly income from this and I need to invest this money properly in order to replace it.


Yeah. What Were you, what were you paying yourself? I'm curious. I was paying myself like $10,000 a month for me and my little family. Okay. And why'd you sell it? I sold it because the deal was a higher value than I was currently making and I just wanted to get more into physical assets, asset creation and digital asset creation. Right. And the reason I ask that is, 'cause my next question is, what were you or what are you thinking that your next move is? I understand you're calling about the investment piece and, and we're gonna get Jay to jump in on that in a second, but I'm curious, are you thinking about another business going to work for somebody else? You think about taking six months, 12 months, what, what, where's your head at right now?


As far as new income? Yeah, I guess, I guess I'm a creative person and I I, things pop up and I need to be able to like quickly move on, you know, ideas that I have. The issue is that I took this deal thinking it was gonna be capital gains tax and I recently moved to a new tax term and they're saying it's going to be ordinary income. So it's actually much less money than I originally intended taking this deal. Yeah. What'll Amount to, so I think it's gonna slim all the way down to like 1.4 million. Okay. And yeah, That's a little disappointing. Yeah, it's really disappointing. So originally I was gonna have like 1.8 out of this and I could just put this in index funds as I've learned from the Dave Ramsey show as you know, just mod moderate investments that are not super high risk, high reward and, and just live off of a small percentage for my family.


But now I can't do that. I need to something Else. Yeah. and I, I don't know that I would How old are you? 26. 26. 26. I i 100 per, if I, I'm just gonna tell you Jade's point of view and Ken chime in. If I woke up in your shoes and I saw myself getting $1.4 million, I would say to myself, okay, I I have this wonderful nest egg started so that when the time comes and I do wanna retire, I will be able to, but I don't think the day is at 26. I think if you start pulling the growth off of this now you're just, I think it's gonna stunt you in many ways because you're 26, you're just getting started and if you had this idea, there's probably way more ideas in you that will earn you money.


and I would see this as, okay, this was a great windfall that we had. I'm gonna put it over here. It's going to grow and multiply. And if at the time I'm 40, if I wanna step back and go, okay, whatever I'm doing, I'm gonna do it part-time or you know, I'm working for a different cause now it's not really a money driven thing, fine. But I don't think that day is today. Yeah, I agree. In fact, here's what I would do because Jay Jay's gonna give you the, the any investment advice you want on this, but I would take the one 20 that you've been paying yourself. If you've been paying yourself 10, 10, 10 a month, I'd take the one 20 out of the one four and I'd put it, I'd put that in in a savings account. Yeah. And because you've gotta transition and, and I wouldn't rely on that.


I'm with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I wouldn't, I would just put it over there and go All right, let get out and hustle a little bit. Yeah. Maybe I take a month off whatever I'd celebrate. Yeah. Celebrate, yes. I'd go do something real nice with the wife, the misses, you know, and, and the kiddos really nice. If you got kiddos really nice and celebrate, I'd take one 20 and I'd put that this is above and beyond your emergency fund. I would just put it over there just until we get rolling. Yeah. And, and, and then I'd invest the rest I would not interest, I would not even try to draw off of that. For your income. Yeah. 'cause we didn't ask you what baby step are you on? I'm on. I mean, I, I have no debt. I paid off my house throughout this business and Wow.


I, yeah. So you're Baby step seven? Yeah. We own our a hundred thousand dollars house outright. Good. We own every caller outright. Fantastic. Yeah, we, yeah, we just, but the issue is that now our income's gone. We're just sitting on this lump sum of money and no, but Income is not, it's not gone. I want you to reframe that. We just said we're gonna take 120, which would, let's say that's your income from that, that gives 12 months years. I mean, you've earned that. You sold the company that you started with your, with your own two hands. so I, take the one 20. That's my guaranteed income. I don't miss a beat for the next 12 months. Invest the rest. 'cause you're already in baby Step seven and get after and start doing some creative stuff.


Start doing some fun stuff. Okay. That's, that's really helpful. thank you guys. Yeah, you're welcome. Hey, I'm proud of you. You've done something really cool. And the good news is, I can tell you guys are like frugal people. You're not, you do, you know what I'm saying? Super smart. If you've done all of these baby steps by 26, you guys know how to live on less than you make. My guess is that you're going to come up with something to do next and you might live on 70 for a while or, you know, until you get it back up. Yeah, yeah. But I, I'm with Ken all the way. I Congratulations. That's all I have to say. Thank you guys. We're Now do you have an investment pro that you, that you have in your working with beyond the tax Pro? Yeah.


and I think, because I'm 26, I just assumed like this investment would make at least, you know, 7%. And the more I talk with my pro, they're like, you should be way more moderate about what this is gonna do. Like, I don't know about that. Hey, hey, hey, I want you to get with a smart ster pro Ramsey. We have a team of people that we vet and they, they do things the Ramsey way. And so a smart ster pro is going to help you invest this money the right way for you. And, we say all the time, you should be looking for an annualized rate of return around 10, 10% at the least. Oh, that would make my life.


Yeah, it will. And it's not crazy like Ken. No, it's not crazy. I know what my stuff makes and so it's not crazy. That's yeah, that's historic. That's not Jade's opinion. Yeah. And just look that up and, and look how it does. But, but, but again, lemme just say this, it, it, it, it won't make your life Robert, like this is a nice windfall for you. This is Jade's. Absolutely right. You're only 26 now. If you invest this and you invest it, well the way we teach, You're different. This money sitting still is going to do awesome things for you over the next 30, 40 years. Just that a lump sum doubles every seven years. That lump sum is gonna be great for you, but it's gonna change your life down the road. Not right now. So this is a long term play.


10%, you know, with that kind of money getting started, you're gonna do fine. You're gonna keep making money. You're an entrepreneurial guy, you said it yourself, you know, the wind blows on you the right way and there's a new idea. And, and you've, and and to Jade's point, you've already proven and, and an other worldly discipline for a 26-year-old dude in America. I mean, you're way, way, way ahead of most 26 year olds. 100%. 100%. Yeah. You're a freak of nature. You're a unicorn. Let's just say it. Yeah, yeah. I just stay, I just stay really paranoid I guess about like, oh I'm just gonna, that's why we're so frugal. I think it's sort of like a paranoia that we're gonna lose it all or so So you're not listen, you're not gonna lose it all.


Go celebrate. Yeah. And, and Ken and I will give you some ideas. I, I love Europe this time of year. Look at Jade. She knows how to spend other people's money. I do. But as well as anybody I've ever met France. Yeah. Practice your French. Yeah. What does your wife always wanted to do? Because you got the money to do it. Go, go, Go go to New Zealand and see where they filmed. Lord of the Rings. Wow, look at you. You're a virtual postcard today. You just keep, it's like I'm flipping through postcards, vacation ideas by Jade. Yeah, I love that. Enjoy It. There You go. Alright, we gotta take a quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey good people. It's Delony for my friends at Helix, the makers of what I think are the greatest mattresses in the entire world. I've slept on all types of mattresses. Cheap ones, really expensive ones, thin camping mattresses, you name it, I've slept on it. and I love helix so much that now every single member of my media family sleeps on a helix. And listen, everyone sleeps differently and that's why Helix has lots of different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. They got mattresses for side sleepers, stomach sleepers, back sleepers, everyone. And Helix also has enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you to and Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. So Helix offers a hundred night trial, plus all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix sleep quiz. I did this and they matched me and they'll match you with the perfect mattress for your sleep preferences. And it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part. Helix offers our listeners 20% off all mattress orders. Go to helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY. That's helix sleep.com/ Ramsey with Helix. Better sleep starts right now.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman an Jade Warshaw is joining me here in the studio here of The Ramsey Show. So excited that you're with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. You got questions about income, feeling stuck, feeling a little stale and wanna make some moves. I'll coach you on that. Got your money problems, Jade's got you on that. And we combine as well. Let's go to Jennifer, who's in Jackson, Mississippi. Jennifer, how can we help today? Yes. I just have a real quick question. I have a son who is 17, about to turn 18 and my credit score is eight 30 and my husband is like seven 80 And.


we wanna start him off on the right track of having a good credit much like we do. and I was just wondering if there was a particular credit card or how y'all would maybe suggest helping him get and obtain a good credit score as well. Okay. What You I've never heard that question on this show before actually. No, really? I don't think I have. I've gotten it a couple of times. Yeah. Jennifer, when did you start listening? I just started like about a month ago. Okay, Great. That makes sense. Okay, we're happy to have you. Yes, welcome aboard. So what is it that, what are you hoping he'll be able to do with that credit score? I just wanna learn a little bit more about your intent here.


Well, I just want to know that when he fin he is also about to start college. He is a senior in high school now. And so he'll be starting college and I know that he'll need, you know, we bought him his first vehicle, but I know that down the road that he'll need to get a vehicle and possibly be able to have to rent an apartment for college and this, that and the other. so I just wanna make sure that he has a good enough credit score to be able to get the things that he would need to get like a vehicle later down the road. I see. Or maybe an apartment or something like that. Well here's, I'll be honest with you, here's why don don't like credit scores and here's why. I, I don't, I've never focused on one and for, you know, for all intents and purposes, I don't believe in them at all because you have to have debt, you have to interact with debt in order to have a credit score.


And, we also know that when you borrow money, the borrower is slave to the lender. And so there's this part of the credit score that it has never, it it, it doesn't make sense to me because it's all about how you interact with debt, how much debt you have, what types of debt you've had, how long you've had your debt, what percentage of your debt that you're using, right? It's all, nobody's asking questions about can you actually afford the item? how are you managing that, the cash that you actually in the money that is actually yours that is in your bank account. And so, right, that's why I have an issue with the credit score. What I would love is for you to teach him a way that says, okay, If, you have the money, you can afford it if you don't have the money, right, you can't afford it.


Now let's go back to the things you talked About. Well he's a very good, he is a very good saver right now. So he only works part-time like two days a week. And he has since this past summer and he's already saved like almost $3,000 and has love that purchased like a, like he's purchased like a $2,000 CD and this, that and the other. so I mean we have taught him like you do your 10% time, then you have some that you put in this much, you put in savings good. And this much is like your fund money. So he's done that. But what I mostly worry about is like once he gets off to college and he has to rent an apartment, I know a lot of apartments look at credit scores they do. And if he doesn't have one, they may be like, oh, I know we can't rent to you.


Well there the truth is you're right, a lot of credit card or a lot of apartments do look at your credit history, but a lot of them don't. And the ones that do, if you simply go to them and say, Hey, here's the thing. I know you guys look at credit scores. I have a zero credit score, which means that I don't borrow money because I don't believe in debt, but I also brought a copy of my bank account and you can see how much money that I have here. So I'm good for the money. I also brought you my pay stubs so you can see how I work. And you know, if you, if you kind of dig deeper and also let them know, hey, they might charge you a little bit more for first and last month's rent. But the truth is you may have to do a little bit of due diligence to find people who believe the same things you believe and can actually understand, Hey, I actually have money 'cause those apartment complexes are out there.


So let's check that one off the list. And then if we talk about the car, well I don't know about you, but I'd rather him buy a car in cash and not have payments than put money down and be loaded, loaded up with a, a car payment. Because now we're teaching him, Hey, if you want a car, you have to pay payments on it. As opposed to teaching him, Hey, if you want a car, let's buy one in cash. You got $5,000 3000 saved in 2000 in a cd. Once that CD is available, let's buy $5,000 car in cash. And then in, in a year or two if you want to upgrade and add $3,000 more with it, now you're driving an $8,000 car and let's do that. And so that you can always have your money freed up. Because one of the things we've learned, Jennifer, is the car payment is what keeps middle class.


Middle class. Most people are walking around here with a $700 a month car payment and because they have that car payment, it's tough for them to do things like invest for their future. And so I'd love to set him up with the mentality that I keep my biggest wealth building tool, which is my income at my disposal. I don't give it away in payments every month. And therefore if I'm not in debt, I don't need debt, which means I don't need a credit score. Okay. It's a new way of thinking. I know that it is 'cause people don't talk about it. It's, it's, it's, it's scary. It's scary new way of thinking. But yes, I I I see your point.


Tell Me the fear. I I it's Not scary. What are you scared of? Well, It, and it, and it, it goes, it goes beyond the rent because, so college will only be four years and then after that it'll be, he'll probably wanna buy a house and I know it's a lot harder to, you know, obtain a house with no credit score and save up for a Big, you know, so let me, let me, let me break in and I want my colleague to tell you about that fear. Go ahead, explain It. What if I told you that's not true? I, Jennifer, I love this call so much. I'm so glad you're with us because you are, every woman USA right now calling in the truth is credit scores, they benefit from us, right?


They benefit from us being in debt. They make money off that when we, when when you get a credit card, when you sign up for a loan, there's a little thing called interest. And so there's a lot of people making money off of that. And so that's why you don't see on TV people advertising zero credit scores. 'cause nobody's making money off of that. And so this whole thing is a product, but the truth is you can buy a house. The, it's no harder. You can buy a house with a zero credit score. It's called manual underwriting. And it's the same thing like I told you at the apartment complex. All they do, it's, it's literally the same process. But all they're, instead of looking at your credit score, they're looking at your actual money and they're going, okay. And I've never heard of that.


I know, but it's true. Do you wanna know that I bought my house with manual underwriting. I had a zero credit score. And so, okay, just to clarify, not not just for you, but anybody listening, a zero credit score is not the same as a bad credit score. That's right. A bad credit score is you haven't done well borrowing money and so you have a bad credit score or a low credit score. A zero credit score is just as good as a high credit score. It simply means I don't borrow money. And if you were to look at my credit report, it would say indeterminable. And so there are plenty of places. Churchill Mortgage is one that we talk about all the time. Yeah. They're everywhere in the United States except New York and Alaska.


And they do manual underwriting and literally all they look at, I'm gonna tell you right now, they look for 12 months of trade lines. And that could be you pay your cell phone bill, you pay your utilities, that sort of thing online or I'm sorry on time. They look for 12 months of your rental history. So if he goes to rent, he just needs to show 12 months I paid my rent on time. And then they wanna see your, I'm sorry. Oh I just said, Okay. And then they wanna see what you made over the last year and they'll ask for your pay stubs just like anything else. And then they go, okay great. And if he happens to be self-employed, they might ask him for his tax returns. But that is it. and I just want to clear the air for anybody. You're, you're helping so many people right now because a lot of people don't know that this is a thing and it 100% is and once you know that, all of a sudden it's weird because Ken the credit score domain a thing, but a chicken wing at that point.


So true. and I love what you just said. The zero credit score tells people, Hmm, this is somebody who's very solid with their money and that's all they care about is are they gonna get paid? Yeah. So when you prove as Jade, you know, really laid out well that you can pay and your son's got nothing to worry about. So that fear is natural Jennifer, but it's because you've never heard what she just laid out. That's right. Most people never have. But she's right. Go do your homework on it, check her on it. I promise you back check me. Oh yes, it's popular. Do these days. Check fact check us check. I think you'll like what you see. This is The, Ramsey Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But Fairwinds credit union's different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you could do at a bank branch, you can do on Fairwinds dot org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NNC A up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W ds.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us as we talk with you about your life specifically, your money, your work, and your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is joining me. This is hour The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Well, we've just launched a brand new tour. Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Delony are gonna hit the road and they're calling this the Money and Relationships Tour. A little bit different twist maybe on, on a live event that if you've experienced any of our events before, this could be a little bit different. Very interactive and a lot of fun elements to this where the audience is voting, deciding on content.


Of course they're gonna cover money, relationships and whatever you want to talk about. So it's gonna be a lot of fun kicking off Louisville on April the 21st, 2025. And then Durham, North Carolina, Atlanta, Georgia, Phoenix, Arizona, Fort Worth, Texas, and Kansas City at the end of the tour. So again, kicking off April 21st, 2025 in Louisville. If you want to get your tickets, get 'em at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTube or podcast, you can click on the link in the show notes to get the tickets. Cool. So go ahead and jump on that.


Alright, to the phones we go. Zach is in Salt Lake City. Zach, how can we help? Hey, how are y'all doing? Good, How are you? Good. Hey Thanks for taking my call. My main question is I'm a recent college graduate. I graduated less than a year ago. I'm just started working full-time. My long-term goal is to go to law school, but I'm just really not sure how to financially plan for that and just plan for my, you know, financial future as a whole. Are you familiar with the amount of law schools that will give a full ride based on LSAT scores? You familiar with this? Anybody ever shared that with you?


I've done a little bit of research. I know I, I hear mixed things where the ones that are maybe more willing to give out better scholarships for a wider range of LSAT scores or ones where it's harder to get a job outta law school is 'cause they're lower ranked. so I feel like in some of those ways it's, you know, don don't know where to weigh out the pros and cons versus a cheaper law school or one where I get a scholarship versus one where there's a higher promise of a better job or an easier process of finding a job outside of law school. Okay, well I'm glad you're familiar with what I'm talking about 'cause this is the advice I give every time I get this call. And I've gotten this call several times and I've said it with Dave on the air. I'll say it with Jade on the air if it were me.


Sounds controversial. Are you gonna say something controversial? Ken, you may think it's controversial, don don't think it is. Let me just get comfortable. All right. I would go to the school where I could get the full ride and I don't care if it's got a big name brand or not because that's what, that's what you're hearing and you're hearing people say things like, well the more prestigious, the more sizzle factor that the law school has, the greater chance you have of getting placed in a firm. and I think that's garbage. That's just like people saying you can't get a house without a credit score. These are all popular ideas that no one's really shown the light of accuracy on. and I'm here to tell you my opinion, I don't think anybody cares what law school you went to.


And if you go to a, a smaller law school that doesn't have the sizzle factor and you get a full ride or most of it paid for because of a great LSAT score. And by the way that's happening all over the country, it's very available. And the reason they do that is 'cause they're competing with the Vanderbilt Law schools or the Ivy League law schools that have all the name brand stuff. But I'm here to tell you, the same people that make j Crew, they make Old Navy. Okay And, we gotta get to a point where we start really looking into this And, we go, that's good. Ken go. A law degree is a law degree and your ability to practice law is the same whether you come out of a fancy school or a smaller school. And is there some competitive advantage that can be proven if you go to an Ivy League school and they've got all kinds of connections in the big firms?


Yes. Yes. But do you know what the competition factor is there? You're competing with everybody else in your class. And what I'm here to tell you, Zach, is if you wanna practice law and you don't want to go into debt, then I would do what I just said and I'd I'd, I'd brush up on my lsat, I'd take it 10 times if I had to. 'cause I can cash flow that and then I'm gonna get a full ride or pretty close to a full ride to a smaller law school and I'm gonna get trained on the law and then I'm gonna bust it and I'm gonna get an opportunity to go out and be the lawyer that I wanna be. And I'm not encumbered with any of the debt that all these other big shot guys that you think went to, they got all this debt and they're stressed out of their mind. So that's what I would do. 'cause I can tell you anybody you ever represent will never ask you where you went to law school.


Is that controversial, Jade? Yeah, that's that's a good point. Ah, it wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be. I guess I know you better than I thought. Don don't even know what any of that means. What did you think of you said, I don't know, it could have you were setting us up for a cliffhanger. No, no, I'm just saying go to a law school. Yeah, I agree With an L set score that wants you. Yeah. And they're gonna pay for your law school and you have zero debt. Yeah. And you can keep taking the, you can keep taking the Test, take the L set 60 times. What's It cost to take it? I wanna say it's around like $200. Oh Yeah. Don don't know if you can take it 60 times. I've made that part up. Yeah, But you're saying presumably Prep Prep and knock it out of the park so you can get That's what I would do. There's just no reason to go into debt to then get in a scramble with everybody else in your class.


You go to Harvard Law and you're all competing for the same firms. Yeah. Were you thinking about Ivy League? No, I just made that up. I, I was mainly, there's a school actually local here in Utah. It's probably my top school and it's a, it's, I think it turns number 22 in the nation. It's pretty good. And tuition every year is about 15,000. So I'd come out, you know, if I didn't cashflow any of it would be about $45,000 in debt on top of, you know, any other living expenses depending on how much I'm working and stuff. and I know that's way less than a lot of other law schools. Okay. Now here's the other thing. Here's the other thing. Law school's gonna be there. So go go make the 45,000 in cash flow. Yeah. Why not?


Yeah. How long would it, how long would it take you to put that away? That's the other thing is I'm not, I'm not a hundred percent sure like what that looks like. Currently in my job right now I make about 52,000. I try to save as much as I can trying to get outta debt in terms of paying off my car. So I'm hoping, you know, within, by next spring I can, you know, be up to the $70,000 range. I don't know, you know, sometimes you kind of worry about the timeframe of, you know, when do you kind of age out of these kind of things, you know, in terms of starting too late in your career with some of these things. No, that's Up to you. How old are you now? I'm 26. Okay. First of all, you're gonna be ready to fund law school in two years, two and a half years max if you get after it.


So, so you're not too old. You got all these things in your head that I think this is conventional wisdom telling you, Zach. It's okay. Get a loan. I mean that's the conventional wisdom. Well you, it makes so much sense. You said something that I found to be revealing. You said right now I'm working to pay off my car note, which lets me know you don't like being in debt. Right? And if you don't like having a car note, I can guarantee you're not gonna like having $45,000 of student loans. So that was just a little light into your soul on that one. But hey, let me just tell you, my brother, we both went to college together and then he went and served a couple of tours in Iraq and came back and did social work for a while and then he decided I want to help people even more.


And he became a lawyer and he went to night school and did it. And he was in his mid thirties and then by the time he turned 40, he became a judge. So it's not too late to decide. Wow. That's Pretty Amazing what you wanna do. And there's ways to do it to where you're not going in in debt for it. So just a little Yeah. Little story time there. Yeah. Zach, the point is, is there's, there's no reason in our minds that you should take out loans to go to law school. You just don't need it. So that's our, that's our verdict. I'm gonna, I'm gonna steal like I think you need your own show, judge Jade. Oh, Don't see how excited you just got. I could see you. Oh man, I would love to. I could see you in your own version of a judge Judy.


I'd be presiding. You'd Have a loud collar. Remember how she had the little Oh yeah. Polite white. Felt like a teacup. I Know. I'm gonna put like spikes on mine. Yours would have some personality. I would Love that. That would be so fun. You coming In in your big in my black robe and you kind of sache. No, I want like a purple rope. I want like a gospel robe. I wasn't gonna go there, but I like that even more. It's your show, but you tell me you wouldn't love like I would love it. Yeah. People coming in with their little issues. We need a segment on show where you wear that robe and people call in with get to with their and you make financial judgements. Oh, The judge is in? Yeah. Alright. The judges presided. All right. I like that. We'll keep, we'll keep brainstorming that amazing idea.


Are you the Bailiff? I would love to be the bailiff. That's funny. I'd look like Barney Fife, the old school bailiff. Oh boy. That would be a lot of fun. I think people would watch that. Oh boy. A fun hour. We'll keep concepting the show. We'll be back before you know it. This is The Ramsey Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals.


Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life, win in your money, win in your work, and win in your relationships. That's our aim. We're so excited that you're with us. The phone number for you to jump in because it is your show. Ask questions so we can coach you to get you where you want to be. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alongside the incomparable the fabulous Jade Warshaw. I am just simply Ken Coleman Ken. Don't do that to yourself. It's good, it's good. I'm telling you it's fun. We have a lot of fun together and we're gonna help you out.


Let's go to Katie in Springfield. Missouri. Katie, how can we help? Hey guys. so I am typically very frugal and try to be wise with decisions when it comes to money, but I've been going back and forth on this idea of taking my daughter to a Taylor Swift concert. She's 15 and she really likes her and I do too. But the frugal side of me struggling with the price for a three hour experience. But then on the other shoulder I've got this Olo side that says let's make the memories. so I just would like to talk through that. Steve. Oh my goodness. This is, I have been involved in another very popular You have Taylor Swift call.


so I heard It. You did? I heard it. My daughter wanted to be Rachel when I called in. I'm sure she's a call. Ramsey. Alright, Well I tell you what, I'm gonna listen along. I mean we can, so we've gotta find out where you're at financially. Yeah. Right. So give us the picture. You guys got any debt? Just the home. Okay, just The home. No debt besides the house? Correct. All right. What's the combined income? It's right at 175,000. Nice. Okay. You have, How much are the tickets gonna cost? Probably $5,000 and then travel, so probably right under $6,000 for three hours. Oh, so you have to drive three hours.


The tickets you're getting are these like really, We'll we'll have to drive, we'll have to drive seven hours, but it's a three hour experience. Got you. Seven hours. So are you staying, you're staying overnight in a hotel? Yes ma'am. Yep. So Six K total for this trip. Is this for her birthday or is this just because It's, it's just because How are you gonna buy the tickets? How, what would be the method of payment? So I would sell some of my, my employee stock purchase plans. Okay, interesting. That's your retirement. That's amazing. No, no, it's separate from retirement.


Okay. It's single stocks. Yeah, Single stocks. Single Stocks. Yeah. I, I'm gonna wait for Judge, judge Jade. But I, I've already reached my, ah, My answer. How much single stocks do you have? I'm just curious how much in that. So we have about, about 141,000 in employee stocks and about 50,000 in single stocks. So about right under 200 in both. Okay. Are these, by the way, are these tickets, are these, I, and I'm asking 'cause I'm completely clueless. Katie. Are are these like really close? We're looking at 2,500 bucks a each. Right. For two tickets.


That's a pretty good experience, right? Yeah. I wish I was gonna, it's not say I, I wish it's the fact that it's the last, it's the last part of her tour and so they're, they're just really priced high for nosebleeds. Oh, so those are nosebleeds. That's at 2,500 a piece. Yeah. Wait a second. Yes. Wait A second. That changes my answer, which is why I asked by the way, because Oh, My gosh, 2,500 was like, I was thinking that that was artist circle or something. Yeah. Like I need to get Is That where you were thinking Yes, I want the sweat to hit me for $6,000? Nah, I could do without the sweat. In fact, if I'm paying six grand, I don't want any sweat to hit me. You don't want t Swift's sweat to hit you? No, Just right. I want No, no I don I don want anybody sweat hitting me?


Certainly not hers. Okay. I mean, I I got nothing against the Swifty sweat. I'm just saying I don't wanna be sweat on for that kind of money. I'm gonna let you know, Katie, and Is this a Ken? I'm shook to my core in a biblical sense that these so what tell her tickets are $6,000. so what do you tell her? Listen, gimme a Specific ruling please. 'cause she's got the money. She has the money. Actually I have more questions about your investments than I do about Taylor Swift, but I mean, if you wanna go, you can. I struggle, I struggle with the seats for the money. That's where my struggle is. It's not on whether or not you can afford to do it.


It's the value. It's the value in it. Yeah. That I'm, I'm there. That's if, if I'm being honest, Katie, that's where my struggle is, is the value of the tickets is, oh, not the, not whether or not you can afford to spend $600,000 or six, $6,000 on a thing. Does that make sense? Yes. You can afford to spend $6,000 on something. Is That where you were leaning? Katie? Why'd you call us? Well, I mean, which way were you mean I can pay more? I am, I'm, I'm struggling because I just like to be really frugal. But my daughter said, well, you know, I'm almost 16. And Have you guys never done anything like this Experience to be there?


No, not the two of us. Yeah. No we haven't. so I, Did I detect a hint of emotion just then? Yeah. Yes. 'cause she said we're all, we're just very frugal. And she said, you know, like money's just money. It's, it's so interesting. Yeah. So it is kind of emotional because I would love to go with her, but it's like, oh my goodness. It's a lot of money. Okay. What is your order? I'm going to take, I'm gonna, I I am ready. Oh, okay. I'm going to take a page out of the Stacey Coleman handbook, which is, I'm unaware of this. The jar of marbles.


Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm gonna take it a page out the Stacey Coleman, which is the days they go by and you don't get 'em back is basically the, the essence here. Yeah. and I think you have an opportunity to make a really cool memory, something you've never done before. And also prove that you can be, you can be a cool mom and you can come off the wallet every now and then and you can afford it. Yeah, do it. Boy, am I surprised. I love, I I love that Love. You could knock, knock me over with a feather right now. Really? Yeah, I did. I thought you were coming in hot. But I'm, I'm gonna say because They're so frugal. This is not a lifestyle for you guys of No, we just go hard in the paint all the time.


You have the money. Yeah. You weren't planning on putting it on a credit card. You didn't mention points one time. Yeah, it, I, I, She's 15, it's, by the way, it's employee stock. It's not out of her retirement. Right. She said she's gonna sell some things. Do You have three to six months of expenses laying around for other things. Yeah. We have, we have about 30,000 in savings. Okay. Yep. I, I am 100% in an agreement with you and, and, and, and for the reasons that life is short. Yeah. They have the money to do this. It is outrageous. You can't, if George were in here, he'd freak out because he can't, George can't spend money on anything Nice. but it will Be so unforgettable for them.


That's what I'm saying. And to me, this is a priceless trip with your daughter, Katie. I also feel like I hear your heart saying, yes, let's do this. And your brain's going hold the phone and you thought, well, I'll call Ramsey and we'll get somebody else to talk to my brain. And in this case, yes, it's a lot of money. Yes. It's overpriced. Overpriced. Completely overpriced, Painfully overpriced. But Our, our daughters don't know this. And in, in the case that you can do this, this is about a memory. And one day she'll go, good grief, I can't believe you did that for me, mom. Yeah. and I think that's why I do this. But just don't, mom, you don't, don't complain.


If you say yes, I'm gonna do it, don't be like, these seats are crazy. And it Yeah. Don't just enjoy it. Yeah. Enjoy it for the experience. Because in the nosebleed, it nosebleed sucks. Like, let's be honest about that. But I'm gonna actually push back on that. I have watched football games in the very top row of NFL arenas, and you would be surprised these people know what they're doing. Okay, let's go. I, I think she's gonna enjoy the heck out of it. The energy's gonna be amazing. I'm okay with nosebleeds for this. Okay. It will be a good experience. Yay. But put aside some extra money for a T-shirt. This is The Ramsey Show These days. It's not If your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance.


It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft, and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem.


That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82. Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible and you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right? Wrong George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible, and I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course, how to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist, we'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is alongside And. we are together here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Taking your money questions and your income and work related questions. Today, it's time for our question of the day. Brought to you by Why Refi, the, the, we've made a, we've, let me start over. All of a sudden, I forgot how to read Jade. That's all Right. It happens to the best of us. Yeah, that's right. And live, it's always exciting. Hey, we've all made money mistakes. So if you've defaulted a private student loan, we're not judging you, but we are saying that there's something you could do about it. And that's Contact Why Refi Why Refi was created for people in your exact situation.


Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states. Alright, today's question comes from Hudson in Florida. He says, I'm 26 in married with three kiddos. I've worked for the same company for six years. During that time, we've had a lot of growth, which I played a key role in developing the company now grosses over 10 million a year. And I've been offered a partnership position with the two current founders. This has been what I've been working towards this whole time that I've been with this company. But now that it's here, I'm second guessing myself and I feel like I have imposter syndrome. Do you have any advice for me so that I don't set myself up for failure?


Ken, Yeah. Love the, love the transparency here. Yeah. Imposter syndrome is nothing more than doubt. So the first thing I would say, Hudson is, is that you're not an imposter. Imposters are people who pose as someone else. And typically this is in a illegal operation. So someone who would try to steal my identity or poses me or poses someone else to do something illegal, that's an imposter. A complete fraud, a complete fake. And then a syndrome is a fancy word for some type of a disease or sickness. And you don't have a disease and you don't have a sickness. What you have, Hudson is good old fashioned doubt and doubt only comes to people who are attempting to move forward.


And so all of a sudden, after all these years, you've been offered an opportunity through your hard work because Jade, you, you know, business, you know, small business. Yeah. People don't just come up to somebody and tap 'em on the shoulder and say, Hey, we'd like you to be a partner. They are giving you my friend, a, a good portion of this company and their own equity. And they're saying, we're gonna split some of our pie for you. That is the ultimate endorsement. so I would remind you to remind yourself that the doubt you're feeling is because you're taking a major step up and a step up or a step forward is always connected to the unknowns.


And the fear of the unknown is what's creating the doubt. so what you're really dealing with is you've got some fear, you've got some doubt, and that's very, very normal, but you've earned this. And so to set yourself up to win, you gotta say, Hey, I've earned this. There's gonna be some new things. There's gonna be some, some growing pains, but that comes with the territory and I'm gonna do then what I have been doing. And that is learning and growing and becoming better. So this is all mindset stuff. And the doubt, by the way, is very, very natural when we all step into something new. Doubt on the first day of kindergarten, doubt on the first day of high school. Yeah. Doubt. The first time Jade goes into a division one volleyball game, it listen, doubt only comes to people who are moving forward.


Jade, you know, who never experiences doubt. Who people with their elbow deep in the popcorn in the bleachers. Wow. Yeah. Because they're just sitting there watching the rest of us comfort, comfort zone. Oh, she should have done this, or he should have done this, and all this kind of garbage. Those are people that are sitting on the bleachers and they have no doubt, they're quite certain of their opinion. Yeah. And what you should have done. Right. That's very good Ken. And and that always kills me. You know, it's like, yeah. Get off the bleachers. The peanut gallery. Yeah, why don't you, why don't you put on a pair of shoes and then you see what you'll do when that come on out here. Let's go. How about you get out on the field or on the court? That's so true. Let's go. You wanna compete? Let's see how Sure. You are Johnny Rocket up there in the bleachers with your hot dog and your, your diet Coke and your whatever kills me.


so I like to encourage people that are dealing only doubt, that tells me that you are moving forward and that you want to move forward and, and as a result, you're facing some unknowns. And that's all that is. You're gonna do fine. You're gonna do fine. Congratulations. Yeah, my goodness. Alright, let's get to Nancy in Los Angeles, California. Nancy, how can we help today? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call. Yes. Okay. so I'll just get into it. My question is, how do I as a Christian, as a believer, how do I walk in contentment daily while also creating goals and aspiring to goals and aspiring to, you know, move forward? And also like, if I've heard from the Lord that I'm in a waiting season, what do I do with that?


How do I balance all of that and how do I, I guess Wait. Well, and just for a little bit of context, I am co completely paid off debt earlier this year, March of this year. And really happy about that and just a different moving parts. And so that's really where I'm kind of stuck is Can you tell us what you're contentment tell, tell us what you're waiting on and where the, where the lack of contentment is, is rearing its head. Yes. Sure. Yeah. so I, if I'm being honest, I, we Prefer that my Job, What happened? I, I really dislike my job. I haven't been going at all.


And you know, I've, I've heard a few phone calls and, you know, I'm really embarrassed to say that it's been 10 years, almost. Oh, over 10 years. Yeah. That I've been at this job. I inherited it. It's easy in job, it's very coveted in my area. A lot of people, you know, wish they could have this job. What are the reasons that you do not enjoy the job? Well, it's not challenging at all. Correct. I don't feel like I am, you know, using, I don't, it's not challenging mentally or intellectually. I'm not, I don't feel like I'm really going anywhere or doing anything moving forward. And then also just, it's kind of rough, like the people I work with, it's mostly men.


It's like, I would say I count sometimes it's like 40 men to two women and I. It's a, it's a blue collar job. So it's Like, okay, can I tell you something? Yeah. Can I tell you something? I'm gonna be really, really honest with you. I love your spirit, but I think you've got this all wrong. and I think you're trying to justify this, this movement inside of you, this restlessness inside of you. You're trying to justify not acting on it. I think you needed to leave a long time ago. Go, go Ken and I. Don't say that as a criticism. That's right. I say that as a coach. You don't need to be content, you need to follow the restlessness in your soul.


You aren't being challenged in this. And that means you aren't using your God-given ability to the extent that you can. And that's why you feel this way. And it's okay to go, I'm one or two women in a, in a, in a, in a blue collar room, a bunch of dudes. That doesn't make you discontent. That makes you a, a living, breathing, human being who is aware. And Nancy, I'm gonna hand it over to my colleague. But I think you need to be leaving. You do not need to be any more content. I think you're now relying on this excuse of contentment to step into like our call the question we just got. Right? Because what did you think, what you were gonna feel when it was time to go?


That's my question. If you weren't gonna feel discontented, if you weren't gonna feel frustrated and tired and like it's time to go, then what did you think that you were gonna feel? I? Don't know. I, I guess, I guess since it's, I inherited it, I just have felt like I need to just be grateful and just, you know, just With, I think you have been with it and be grateful. I think you've you've been grateful in, in, in heavy doses. Yeah. You're, you've done everything you need. It's time to leave. Yeah. You can be grateful and move on. Like, yeah. Just because you, you don't stick around with something forever doesn't mean you weren't grateful for it. It's like you go to a restaurant, somebody served you a meal, you ate it, you were grateful for it, and you mo you left, you went to your next destination.


It's a good call. That's right. You know what I'm saying? I was really grateful for seventh grade, but don don't wanna stay there. Yeah. Seventh grade was a good year for me. It's a big year. Yeah. I may have peaked, but that's a whole nother call. You know Nancy? I do you have a sense we only got about 40 seconds. So real quick, yes or no? Do you have a sense of what you want to do? I have a few ideas. I'm in school for herbalism. I'm interested in UX design, graphic design. Okay. Alright. So here I've got something for you. My creativity. Alright, so hang on the line Christian, let's get her copy of Find the work you're wired to do. It comes with the get clear assessment. Nancy, I want you to take the assessment first, then read the book. It's like me coaching you through your results. I think it's gonna reveal and confirm some things for you.


But hear this from Jade and I. You don't need to be content in a place that you're not supposed to be. Yeah. It's time to get a plan together and eventually we're leaving. We believe in you. Nancy, you're a good, good lady. This is The Ramsey show. Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. and I know this because that was me. But the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


The Ramsey Show rolls along from our Nashville area base headquarters. Thrilled that you are with us. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is alongside The. phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go to Chris in Sacramento, California. Chris, how can we help today? Hi guys, I just wanna say thank you for hearing me out. I'm 27 and I'm getting married within a week. and I have a debt, no debt, sorry. But 65% of my income is going to my house and we're drowning about negative 20% per month on our utilities and groceries. And we've cut back and I'm debating on whether I sell my home, rent my home, I have an opportunity out of the area for a job that I would be able to live rent free and just trying to figure out life.


Wow. Well what we know to be true is the 65,000 do the 65% mortgage can't continue. So we know that's true. Right? Right. So that kind of takes the weight off of our shoulders to know, okay, we can't stay here. And then The question is, what do we do next? Because you said you've got an op, now we can start to say, okay, do we want to do the opportunity that's outside of the area? What does it look like? I think you mentioned renting this house. And so now let's talk about those other options. So is it fair to say that we both agree you can't stay in this house? Yes. Okay. So now let's talk about what do we do with the house. If I were you, I'd sell it Had gross about 150,000.


I'd probably net after real estate fees about 1 35. I like that. What's wrong with that? Nothing. It's more, it's just my first home. I just put a hundred thousand dollars into it the last two years and you know, I was envisioning having my kids here. Yeah. Yeah. So there's just the emotional connection to it. How long did you have the property? Two and a half years. I put about $150,000 down on the house when I bought it. and I had a really good management position at a restaurant before. And that's where I'm going to now for the new opportunity. I tried to start my own business and it didn't work out exactly how I hoped, but I, I'm recuperating my losses and I'm just trying to get back on my feet.


I'm currently serving at a restaurant right now and I've been getting by with that. And me and my fiance ever just our net income together is just, we're at, we're not, we're not making it. You're in Sacramento, why are you guys staying in Sacramento for jobs? That sound like you could do 'em really in any, in any part of the country. Well, and that's where, that's why we're mo moving it. Okay. It's just more of a do we rent the home and make a a profit per month about a hundred, $200 or do we sell the home, put the entire, you know, met into a money market account Yes. And make about $400 a month on money market. Do the latter. You just save the latter. Let's do the latter.


Because If, you have the opportunity to rent somewhere out of the area and they're covering the rent, then this is an opportunity for you to start over. Let that money grow, that equity that you're gonna get out of the sale of this home. Let it grow over time because the time is gonna come when you wanna buy again. I di I just, I did have a math question on this because I thought I heard you say that you put 150 down on the home. Yes. And then I also thought I heard you say that you put a hundred into it. Is that right? So you put 250 into this home, but you're only coming out with 1 35. What happened there? Bad contractor. I got really jacked up by that. I lost probably about $50,000 maybe more. And yeah.


and I mean I, I'm not a contractor guy. I, I, you know, I was doing my job and I ended up going underneath the house and I just solved problems and I solved problems and I, long story short, cost me a lot more. and I was paying the mortgage at the same time as I wasn't living in it. so I was, you know, unfortunately paying double I see. For a away. Yeah. Okay. so I just really drained out. And then I just paid off all my credit card debt. I had about $17,000 in debt for completely debt free. That's T Excellent. Don't have car payments. Yeah. So there's, there's some silver linings here. I think the hardest part is you had a vision for this house, you got taken for a ride and that sucks.


And now as a result, you know, it's not gonna be the house that you raise your family in, but I love that you have other opportunities and it, I mean, you can kin's here on the, on the career side of this to, to weigh that out. I take advantage of that while you're on the line. Yeah. Well, Christopher, I heard you right. You've got a really good manager gig you're heading into. So you feel good about this? Yes, I'm super com it's a nice restaurant. And South Lake Tahoe it's, it's ninth. It's like my dream job, so It's Oh, fantastic. And did you say South Lake Tahoe? Yes. Oh man, that's, that ain't a bad place to work. Okay. Okay. Come on Chris. And that'd be going for about Yeah. I, I, it just, it all makes financial set. Yep. And it's just, yep.


I just, I have with my business, I've kind of had some regrets on that. and I don't wanna have my cart in front of the horse and I love it. You're asking the right questions. Jay gave you great advice. You do not wanna be a landlord from long distance. This is time to move on. This is a clean start and, and I think it's great for you. You're going into your dream job in one of the nicest places in the United States to live. And, and you're gonna get free of this house, which has just been nothing more than a money pit for you unfortunately. So yeah, sell and move on my friend. Sell and move on. I love that. And Do you wanna take another call or can I highlight this? The people jump in. Hey, go for it. I wanna highlight this because a lot of times people are like, why does it have to, you know, we teach that the mortgage shouldn't be any more than 25% and I know there's a lot of questions around that.


And this is a really great, it's just a cautionary tale of what takes place when you don't heed that advice. Because if you really think about it, it, you know, if you look at your, your money as a, as a whole thing, you know hun. 100%. It does. I love that you've got an orange for our listening audience. She has a, she has a little tangerine in Her hand. Yeah. And if you good, you think about it as segments, right? We gotta cut it up in a segment. It's going into segments. And so if you think, okay, if you do, let's pretend like, yeah, I'm taking your advice 25%. Okay, now we got 75 left. And then it's like, okay, if you're a a person who values generosity, most of us do, so you give an another 10%, now you're at 35. And now you say, okay, well you've gotta invest baby step four, I'm investing 15% now before, you know, we're already at 50% of our income And.


we haven't even paid our other bills yet. We haven't done childcare yet. We haven't put aside for kids college yet. We haven't, you know, done taken a vacation. We haven't even done anything yet and we're already out 50 mm. So imagine what it would feel like if your mortgage was at 40% or 45%. You feel that very, very, very, very quickly. So it's, it, it behooves you. It's a great word. You know, I like a good word. It does behoove you to, to think about, okay, what are my ratios here? And is this sustainable long term? Because 65% Yeah, like you said, they're burning 20% every single month. There ain't enough tangerine left over there Ain't enough.


You gotta eat the piss By the time you do. That is fantastic. That's why I showed up today for that moment. That was good. Yeah. but it, it's, it's a wonderful illustration. And and then I want you to, while we're on this, okay, also why we give him the advice of don't try to stay, don't become a landlord, don't keep that house. 'cause you think, well I'm gonna make 400 bucks a month. I want you to walk through the math, the real math when people think that that's a good idea. Well I think for him it was more of a sunken cost fallacy. I feel like he thought, well I put this much into this property. If I hang onto it for a while and keep dumping effort or whatever it is into it, maybe I'll get it out. And for a lot of time, for a lot of us, that's kind of what keeps us locked in to something that's just a bad break.


And you kind of have to just eat pith and go, this, this was a bad break, it wasn't a good investment. You know, I got taken for a ride and walk away and for him going all the way to from Sacramento to South Lake Tahoe and now you're gonna be a long distance landlord. Yeah. Trust me, when he rolls in in that moving van to south to South Lakes ahoe, he's gonna be like, I don't, I'm not knocking Sacramento. Yeah. Alright. But that's a difference. He's Gonna be like, forget y'all, You wanna leave all that behind? Yeah, you wanna leave it behind. Yeah. And he had a bad taste in his mouth. so I think for him to come out, he's clearing 135. It's not as much as he should. That's right. But it's still money and it's gonna sit in a high yield for however long until they're ready to buy.


I agree. And when they buy, they're gonna put as much down possible on a 15 year fixed rate mortgage, hopefully that they can get paid off quickly. He's already debt free. Yeah. And so, so the Principle of this whole segment is, do you know what it is you've been saying it Don't eat pith. There it is. By the way, section your, spell that for people. PI Pth. PITH. Is that right? I think I'm gonna Look, look it up. I feel like it could be a hidden, hidden letter in there. Look We did, we got validation. Okay. The guys in the booth great. Yeah. Yeah. Think about the ratios of your income. Think about each section like this Clementine I hold in my hand. Oh It's Clementine. It's even better Mandarin. Love It. That's how we're gonna do this.


Make sure it's The right. Yeah. Dick Russ, I feel like we went back to Sesame Street. You laid it out for us. I love it. Good stuff. Alright, quick break. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. We'll be right back. Hey guys, Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, thrilled that you're with us. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw is with me as well. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Taking your money questions and your work related or income questions. To that end, the get clear assessment, a tool that is privileged to create. Few years ago, it's helped hundreds of thousands of people and just wrote a new book called Find the Work You're Wired to Do. Came out a little earlier this year and it includes the get clear assessment. so what does the assessment do? Well, it answers four really big questions. Who am I? What's my unique wiring? And we're talking about in the context of work, why am I wired that way?


What do I want to do professionally and how do I get there? And that's what these two tools combined do for you. You're gonna spend about a third of your life at work and I just believe with everything in my being that you shouldn't spend it just doing something that you're okay at or that you're good at but you don't enjoy that doesn't produce a result that motivates you. So you can get the book, find the work you're wired to do and it comes with the assessment to get clear assessment. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or you can click the link in the description of the show if you're listening via YouTube and podcast. Alright, to Susan is where we're gonna go. She is in Dallas, Texas. Susan, how can we help?


Hi, I just went through a divorce or finalized it recently. It took a while and I've been a stay-at-Home mom during my entire marriage for the past 14 years. Anyway, I got what I consider a pretty good amount of money and I'm just curious, I don't really know what to do with it. I let my ex-husband handle every single bit of finances. I never knew how much money we had or anything. so I, How much are you getting? Well, there's a couple components to it. I got a check for 1.1 million. Okay. I got a 401k for 715,000.


Okay. And Then $15,000 per month for the next seven years. Okay. How old are you? I'm 40. Okay, so you've got a guaranteed income for, for the next seven years. That's nice. Okay. Okay, great. So tell me your question. Okay, so my question is, I'm completely debt free. I also don't own a home because I just got divorced. Okay, So you need a place to live, Right? I'm renting right now, which is $3,600 a month, which I feel like is really expensive, but it is.


It's also all bills paid. So my question I guess is I've got like $95,000 in a high yield savings account. I started a, a Roth IRA, I'm like totally, I know nothing about finance. So I've just been trying to learn just in the last month or so. Anyway, my question basically is a, can I live like with, can I live off of part of this money, like off of the monthly income or do I need to get a significant job? Well, the good news is, the good news is, is you do have a monthly income for the next seven years. So you've got some time to reinvent yourself and figure out what you want to do with life.


And if I were you, obviously you don't need $15,000 per month to figure out what do I need, what's a, what's a fair budget for me? Maybe it's $7,000 a month and then you take the rest and you're, you invest it every single month, right? So that's thing one. You've been bought time to figure out a career path for you. and I'm gonna toss it to Ken in a moment for that. But let's talk about the rest of the income that that you have. So let's say just for in, just to keep it simple, let's say you invest half of what you're getting every single month for the next seven years. So around seven and a half thousand dollars or seven and a half thousand dollars and then you've got 1.1 million, that's a check, right?


Yes, Yes. and I didn't know what to do with that. so I just put it in a money market account because I didn't even know how to deposit that. Great. I, I think that's a good place to start. What I want my homework for you is I want you to start learning about investing. I want you to start understanding, okay, I know husband, ex-husband used to do it, but it's now time for you to start learning because the time is going to come where you're gonna need to invest this and you're gonna wanna understand it. You don't want to just hand a check for, for $1.1 million over to anybody and say, here, you handle this. You're gonna wanna say, okay, I get it. And a great place to start is here. You know, here at Ramsey we do teach that investing is a better place for you to build long-term wealth than a money market account or a high yield savings account simply because of rate of return, right?


If you invest that money, you'll get a higher compound interest rate of return on that. So it'll grow faster. And so I would tell you to get hooked up with a smart investor pro. They're gonna have the heart of a teacher and they're gonna be able to teach you about this. And that's the key thing. Okay? Tell them I don't wanna invest anything yet, I just wanna learn. Right? Okay. And they're gonna ultimately have you invested in a way that's four different types. We're spreading it out. It's not gonna be high risk, it's not gonna be just in a set of stocks, but I want you to understand that. So when the time comes, we are investing that check, but in the meantime we're getting with a smart ster pro to teach us. And then as far as the $715,000 401k, yeah, leave it, let it grow.


You're probably probably gonna have to do a direct transfer rollover into a an RA and so the smart ster Pro is going to help you do that. And then for you now it's all about career and what you're going to do with your life because you're super young. I got a couple quick questions on the money first. So the 715,000, how old are you? I'm 40 Oh. My gosh, It's gonna be so much money. So So the seven 15 that, that is in the 401k and that, that's your, that is going to be a lot of money. What is that gonna be in 30 years? Okay. Did you tell me you're 40 now? Yeah, she's 40. Okay, so let's just say you retire don don't know. Let's say 65. Does that sound good?


Okay. Okay, let's say you add nothing to it. That right there is gonna be $8 million. Holy cow. Yeah, Just not touching it. The reason I went to that, Susan is because on this work thing I, this, this may or may not be a thing. Now how old are the kids? They're 14 and 11. Okay. My other thing is, can I buy a house? Yes. Yes. I was gonna say that I was working that. And which money do I use? Do I use, I would take the, the one, the one one is what you need to do. Plus you already have 95,000 in another savings account. so I was gonna ask you, what is a modest house in a nice area? What is a house price?


You know, your area for you and the kiddos, what does that look like? What's the, what's the money on that? I mean, right now there's like nothing to buy. I've been looking, I mean there's a, a nice home for 500,000 that, okay, so I mean it's an That we need, let's just use that. Let's just use that as an example. Okay? Okay. So if I'm you and, and then I'm gonna pay cash for the house because right now you're paying $3,600 a month in rent. Yeah. Right? So you take just a little bit less than half of the 1.1 and you've got a paid for a house. Now that monthly budget, which I'm using is the 15,000 you're getting in the settlement right now that 3,600 was coming out of the 15 k, it's not anymore.


Right. And your utilities and things like that are gonna be nothing. You still got the two kiddos in school. So, so I would come up with the EveryDollar budget and, and and budget off of the 15. and I would do the, the some type of an investment strategy based on what a smart investor pro tells you. Because Jade already proved to you, you don't have to put another penny. And I'm not saying not to, but I'm guessing you'll be fine. I'm guessing their investment strategy is gonna be, you're gonna diversify some stuff because right now you are more than fine Susan. Like you're going to be very, very wealthy and based on just the 401k and what it does over time. So for me, if I were you, I I would take my time.


You just came out of this divorce, you've just settled. I'm fine with you renting for a little bit longer. You're saying the market right now is not a lot on the market. Let's see what happens after this presidential election. The point is grieve stay cool the three 600. Yeah. While it's a little expensive, it's not even phasing you. I would take my time, I'd buy a nice house cash and now you still have over half a million dollars to invest and When you invest it, you're probably gonna look for something that's non-retirement. Something that you can get to sooner that's in some sort of a bridge account so that you can access it. Well that's what I, you know, before your Six I I agree with that. You know what I'm saying? And that, that should be the advice That you after my seven years. Yeah. Right? Yeah, Yeah. But for seven years, my goodness. But here's the deal, you're gonna have some margin in that monthly as well.


That's $180,000 a year for the next seven years. Yeah, you're good. So from a standpoint of work, hang on the line. We'll give you the, the, the book find the work you're wire to do in the get clear assessment it. But that is a relaxed, like what would I do? Yeah. If I didn't have to work, which by the way, you don't have to. You don't have to. so I was just talking purpose. Yeah. So sorry, we're running outta time. Susan, hang on the line, we'll get that to you. But Thank you for the call. You're gonna be in good shape. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.