
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that you love, and create actual amazing relationships. Ken Coleman, Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author and host of the new Ramsey Networks. Big hit called front row seat. Oh, some long form interviews with world changers. You've gotta be checking him out. He's my co-host today. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Rachel is in Nashville. Hi Rachel. How are you? I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up?


I have a very complex payment situation that I need advice for. So we started, we took your class, my husband and I, back in September, October. It completely changed our life. We've been rapidly paying off debt, building up savings. However, in the months of October, I work for a very large company and there was a payroll error where they accidentally paid me $50,000, 48,000 to be exact gross payment in error. I told them before it hit my bank account that unfortunately it was too far gone.


At that point, I, after taxes, I received net 28,000, approximately 3,300 of that was my paycheck. And again, I told them before it hit my account, but it took so long to correct the error and get me my debt repayment letter about we're now 10 months in the future. And because it crossed tax year, they're asking for gross repayment, which is requiring me to come up with an extra approximately $23,000 of my own. And I've already been taxed on this 'cause it was taxed in my 2024 tax return as well, which was additional money out of my pocket, their offering to allow me to repay it in full, which would be the full 48, which net 3,300 of It is mine that I would have to repay back.


And I'm not sure how I'm to get that back in the future. But they also are giving me an option to deduct 15% from my paycheck until the debt is paid. And I'm not sure what to do. We have the money to So minute. Let me stop. If I understood you right, you don't owe 48. You owe 48 minus 3,300. Well, net gross 48. No, I'm talking That's the gross because the, the taxes were taken out on this and you should have gotten a ridiculous tax refund this year. We did not. So because it wasn't corrected, it got charged as income to us. I know, and I know.


Yeah. But the, and so the net of taxes, the taxes that were taken out on this should have created a huge tax refund for you. We haven't received it yet. I was under the impression we wouldn't get that until we filed next year for Our It was last year, Correct? No, you fi you're filing on the extra $48,000. It's not 48. It is 48 minus 33. Correct. 33. Well, my, my gross paycheck is 5,733 is my net. But You received $28,000 is what you actually got paid. That Was the net of taxes. Net of taxes, yes sir. But there's 23,000 in taxes withheld on it, correct?


Yes Sir. And you should get that back if it was last year when you filed this year's tax returns. Have you not filed taxes for 24 yet? That is the tax return that we were taxed on. And we, it filed for an extension, but we were Taxed time. You have not filed taxes for 24 yet, Is that right? Correct. We did, sir. We have filed for 24. Well, you should be getting $23,000 back. I, my, I wasn't, so I don't, I'm not sure how that works. Well, here's how it works. Okay. You paid $23,000 on that one check more in taxes than you should have. Yes, sir. And so you don't have taxes on that.


So you should get all of that back Immediately In 24. I know when you file on 24 as a tax refund, when you file and you have overpaid your taxes, when you file your tax return, you get a tax refund. You know that? Yes, sir. We still have that money though, because they haven't, they, they didn't submit the debt letter to me until last week. So it's been almost 10 months. But you only got the net you've only got the 28. Correct? They're They're just sitting there Asking for gross repayment. Just Yeah, I understand. Okay. Well, number one, you don't pay more than what you actually owe.


And what you actually owe is the total amount, including taxes that they overpaid you. And you should get all of your tax money back from the IRS on that amount without any trouble when you file your tax return. And the other amount, the amount that was net is sitting in your bank account. So you can give them that now, correct? Yes. Okay. And then you'll have to repay them the taxes when the tax money comes. You need a tax professional, I think. I don't think you know what you're doing on your taxes. Okay. Thank you. Do you have, I guess we have an accountant that does our taxes. Yeah. But if he can't tell you, you're getting the, see if, if if there's 48, they overpaid you by 48,000.


Is that correct? Total? They overpaid me by 43,000. 40 3050 700. So 43,000. But that netted into your bank account. 28,000 too much, correct. 20. Well, if you take out the 3,300 for my, that's how much I received in total. I'm talking about just, it was, forget what your due on the, what I'm trying to get to is the amount you were, that they gave you, that was too much. It was 43 too much net of taxes. What was that 43? It would be around 2024.


Yeah, That sounds right. That sounds right. Okay. And so there's another 19 laying out there. You've got around 24 in your bank account right now, correct? Correct. Okay, so you can give them the 24, you owe them the other 19, but the IRS should be giving you the other 19 back because you, you should not have to, you shouldn't be paying taxes on that. So you've got to, you, you have to file an amended return and they have to file an amended W2. The company has to file an amended W2 saying you were not due, you know, so that you pay taxes only on your proper amount, and that means that you get the entire refund back on the overpayment. Okay.


But if they have not, if they've submitted your income to the IRS as including this overpayment, then that's gonna screw the thing up. They, they need to submit your income as not including this overpayment. So you can get all the tax back from the IRS. So this is a two two check deal. You, you write them the check for the money you've got, and then when you get the money back from the IRS, if your CPA doesn't know how to do that, get a new CPA 'cause this is not rocket science here. And, and so then Wow, what a weird deal. Oh Man. Yeah, but you no, you don't. That $19,000 tax Oh, and, and too much taxes that you have paid should come back to you once they submit the corrected W four W2 to, to reflect that you did not get that kind of income in 24.


Yeah. A little irritated here at a big company that has all the resources in the world to fix this. And they didn't fix it quickly. I hate that for her. But It is, it's fixable. Well, and then they're being, you know, like we're gonna give you options for you to repay this like you did, you know, so. Right. They're the one that messed up. I've never done one that big, but we have overpaid people, you know, three or $4,000 or something. And you know what we do? Eat it. Just keep the money. Hmm. We're so stupid. We did this, we're gonna pay the stupid tax And we're gonna fix it. And somebody in accounting gets their butt chewed. Hello? Yeah. Wow. Robin is in Iowa. Hey Robin, Welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Hi. Hi. What's up? So I have, I'm separated from my soon to be ex husband. He took one of our vehicles. I took the other, and he's not been making the payments on his vehicle. So it will be charged off at the end of the month. And I am looking for guidance on do I take this large payment or do I let it hit our credit? You, you're on it as well. I am. We have Had, why is he not making the payment? He says he cannot afford it and that the car needs to go back.


Yeah. Well that's called a repossession. And he's gonna get, he's gonna get sued and so are you Yes. Yes. It's Not inconvenience. That's The No, I'm aware of that. And that's, yeah, where I'm sitting is, well, I've, I've had the other vehicle, which is broke down, so I'm, I've been saving to try to fix It. I've driving my mom's car. So his car, the car that he's driving, how, what does it take to bring it current Right now? It'd take 2200 to bring it back up to where It is. What, What is owed on it total? The charge off. What's owed on it? Total? 28,000. And what's it worth?


Probably closer to about 2017 to 20,000 at this point. Okay. And do you have any money? Do I have money? I have money that I could get it caught Up. No. How much money do you have? That's what I'm asking. I have about 5,000. That's all the money. That's all the money in the world that you have is $5,000? Yes. And I do not have a job currently. I lost my job in May, so. Wow. Okay. And so that in the divorce, there's not gonna be any things.


Is there a home in the divorce? No. Okay. So you're just gonna split up these dumb debts is all you're gonna split up 'cause you don't have any money to split up. Pretty much. Yeah. Let Let it go. Pretty much Let it go. The accounts, yeah. Let it go. So just let the go. And I, I should just, You can't, you can't afford to catch it up. You can't afford to catch it up. You, you don't have a job and you have $5,000 to your name. You have to survive and you're gonna have to deal with the repo. You're, your credit's gonna get dinged and they're gonna come after you and come after him for the deficit when they do. And it'll probably be close to a year before you hear from 'em. Be sure you've got some money saved up. And let's pretend that the, that the deficit that, that they sell the car, you have 28,000 owed on it and they sell it for 18,000.


So there's a $10,000 deficit. I'm just making this up. And they come and they say, you need to pay the $10,000 hole that the car didn't cover. You say, well, it was, that was awarded to my husband in the divorce. Yeah, but you signed on the note. Yeah, I know, but, so I'll give you $3,000 to let my name go off of it and you chase him, him for the rest. And that's how you negotiate this. Okay. But get ready for that. That's gonna come in about a year and your credit's gonna be messed up, but whoop, do do d you got bigger problems than credit. Messed up. So how's the job hunt going? Yeah, I've been putting in about three resumes a day. I haven't limited it to my area per se.


I've actually put in for anywhere decided, let the universe decide where I, I go I guess. No, no, no, no, no, no. So what is your, You don't like the universe? Yeah, I gotta, it's a horrible strategy because people who trust the universe tend to be unemployed for a long time. What is your field of expertise? I'm an environmental biologist. Oh, good. Okay. What, what were you making before? 66,000. Good. Okay. What does an environment, just gimme the quick ten second version. What does an environmental biologist do? Forgive me. My last position I was doing environmental permitting and compliance work.


Hmm. Private company or government? It was a private company. Okay. Okay. There's two things you have to do. Number one, I love that you have got a pretty specific field and you know that world better than Dave and I, and I would absolutely be reaching out and connecting in that field and looking for opportunities. But in your current situation, three resumes a day. While I appreciate this, and I don't want you to feel like I'm beating up on you, I'm not, but you might as well be playing the slots or the lottery. Submitting three resumes a day feels like activity and good activity, but it's not. And a resume without a connection is absolutely worthless.


So here's what you have to do. There's what I would call a short term, short term strategy, and then long term, like to see you have a long term strategy of getting back in your field, or at least leveraging the skillset and experience that you have to maybe cross another industry. And I believe that's transferable. However, right now you're working at Walmart Target. Don't just assume I gotta go drive and deliver food, but that, I'm not looking down on that either. But right now, you're looking at trying to make 15 to 20 to $22 an hour doing anything. Forget about skill, forget about experience, which you need to get money in the door right now for two reasons. Number one, you have a really tough financial situation that you need money.


Secondly, you need momentum. You're going through a divorce and you've been laid off. And, and that is a, that is the equivalent of losing a loved one. We know this from psychology studies and I believe very much in you just staying active, one for money, but two, keeps some momentum. So right now you're taking anything and everything. And we're not sitting resumes, we're showing up at these places going, here's what I've done. And I can take the night shift at Walmart. I'm overqualified. Yes. But here's my story. And right now, people want people that they can trust. You've got character, you've got a good background. But this is an urgency thing, Robin, like right now. Yeah. You need, you need the, the Walmart job by two of those by the weekend.


Yeah. And we're gonna send you a copy of Ken's book called the Proximity Principle, which is what he's referring to, which is get yourself in proximity and get your resumes in proximity to people that work there that, you know, just filling out applications as a complete waste of time in the digital world. That's right. We had, at Ramsey, we hired 121 people last year we had over 23,000 applications. The chances of you getting out of that application pile are almost zero if you didn't have someone that you knew here or something very, very special that you did to set yourself aside. But people just jumping on LinkedIn and whatever other thing that's out there and just ZipRecruiter and just filling out bazillion applications and feeling like, well, I can't get a job.


Well, it's because you're jumping in a pile of 23,000 for 140 jobs. So you gotta say, Hey, my daughter plays soccer, my aunt coaches over here, and she works over there at that company. And hey, would you put in a good word for me? And that's, that's what Ken teaches. And that will get you the job or at least get you the interview. The other you won't even get an interview with you're doing. That's right. That's exactly right. So yeah, go get some money short term and then go be looking for the bigger thing and put all this other mess in the rear view mirror. I'm sorry you're going through all this kiddo. I'd let that car go and deal with it later when, when you're in a much better place to deal with it. And you don't have to settle the whole deficit.


You just settle your part and let him chase him for his part since he didn't bother to take care of business here. Two Quick things to not just Robin and but to our larger audience who are in a situation like Robin. I wanna make sure you hear something first. The reason what Dave is saying is so true and why we're hitting this point is here's what happens when you submit resumes, you feel like you're doing something productive and then that makes your expectation rise where it should not rise. And then you get ghosted and then you are spiraling because you've already lost, you've gone through a loss emotionally of losing a job and now the frustration piles on top and you can quickly get into a really depressive state. And that pauses everything.


The second thing, if you're in the position like Robin, Robin needs to take, and Robin, I know you're listening, you need to take your current job description of the job you just lost and get it in front of you and begin to look at it. And if you have to write down what the core skill sets you have that you, you ex exhibited in that last job, then talk about the experience that you have and write that down. And here's what happens. Folks that are listening, watching you can take a job like she has and find crossover experience and skillset that can work in other places. And that'll help you see more. And what that does is it widens your search and then you use the proximity principle and you begin to say, Hey, I have this skill set and this experience while I've been in this field, I can actually go over here and you watch what happens, opportunities that you never even thought of before, begin to present themselves.


So hope that helps a lot of people. This is a strategic play. And if you do it that way, opportunities show up on your front door.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Sticking to a budget is hard enough. And inflation, George, it isn't helping us. Yep. In fact, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. But ALDI makes it easy. Aldi's private label. It is delicious food with incredible prices that you can stay within your budget. Yeah. And ALDI has the lowest prices of any national grocery store, which is really impressive. And with all the money you saved, you're gonna be making more progress toward your financial goals. Yes. Which is what we want for you guys. So stop overpaying and start shopping at ALDI. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us. That's a ldi US


Alec is in Canada. Hi Alec, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave. Hey Ken. I'm a huge fan of both of you guys, so I just want to Thank you for taking my Call. Thanks. How can I help? So I'm probably gonna get in some trouble for asking you guys this, but my question is, how would you feel about me taking out student loans to invest into a guaranteed investment certificate, even though my post-secondary education is supposed be paid for? I thought you said you were a huge fan. See, I'm, I'm a It's the what if Dave? It's like, you just want, you're like a huge fan of bears. So you go in the cage and poke 'em. I mean, what is the, I don't understand it all.


I, I'm gonna see the balance of my time to the gentleman from Tennessee to my left on this one. I've heard this a time or two. Yeah. How about No, don't do that. All Right. All Right. John's in Jackson, Mississippi. Hey John, how are you? I'm doing great. How you doing Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm trying to convince my wife and I think I'm there, that we are in a more or less let the good times roll situation. The complication being there's a bit of an age gap. I'm 39 and she's 59. Okay. So she's got 250 K in a Roth Social security on the horizon. She'll have a small state pension. She worked 12 years for the state.


That's at 65. We've got 77 K in a stock market fund that we just have. I've got my own 160 k of retirement savings in, in accounts. We've got about 50 K in savings, just normal savings. And the only thing we owe is our house at 80 k. And it's probably worth about twice that on a, on a bad day. I would hope so. You know, we're not gonna have that traditional retirement of each being, you know, like 60 years old. And so in lieu of that, maybe we could just spend some money and just have a better life now for the next, you know, 25, 30 years. Hold on a sec. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Crazy real quick. How much do you make? You're only, I make about 80.


You make 80,000 and you're planning to work until what age? Well, and I don't wanna sound particularly crass, but we're both only children and our parents have, what I would say is, are sizable estates. So when I don't have to work anymore is when I don't, It is probably about when I'll stop, you know, that's, that's about where I am on that. So, you know, 55, 60, somewhere in there And you're contributing to a 401k? Yes. I, I do matching and then a little extra. And is she working? No, she's been like basically retired, semi-retired since she lost her job about five years ago. Okay.


All Right. So hers is her two fifty's there and that's it. So, well I I don't know what you mean by let the good times roll exactly, but I can tell you what I would do in your situation. I can, I can answer that. Okay. No, you are not financially independent. Not close even. Okay. You're not where you don't have to work anymore and you don't have to worry about money and you're gonna sit around like some trust fund baby and wait on the parents to die. No, I'm not gonna do that. That's not a high quality life. It's not a life full of dignity, a purpose or anything else. And so I'm gonna find something that I do for a living that has some purpose to it that I enjoy and that I can make some money at.


And that's what you should be doing with your life until you can't anymore. Not until you don't have to anymore. So I'm 64. My, the building I'm sitting in is worth 600 million and I still work. Okay. So that's just this building. And so the, you know, so, so, and, and it, it affords me a very good life. I can do anything I want to do and I want you to be able to do anything you wanna do. But I also don't want you to think that doing nothing is good for you mentally, mental health wise, spiritually or anything else.


'cause it's not, so if I'm in your shoes, I'm taking the 77 out of the stock market and I'm paying off the house today and I'm gonna be putting 15 to 20% of your income into your 401k. And if you want to use, you know, 10 or 15,000 or 20,000 or something out of that two 50 of hers and Go to cruise or something, if that's let the good times roll. Sure. Absolutely. But if you're talking about trying to burn through $250,000 of her money just 'cause she hit 59 and a half in the next 24 months and you call that let the good times roll. No, I'm gonna call that irresponsible and I would not, Not that I just wanna be clear that's not, I I'm just talking about like, hey, we go out to the nice restaurant, you know? Okay. Maybe every month versus every third month.


Well, I, yeah, I think you can afford, I think you can afford to do that with what I'm talking about. You don't have a house payment anymore with what I just laid out. Right. And you do a budget and the budget includes a nice entertainment budget, a nice travel budget, a nice furniture upgrade for her budget, a nice whatever budget. All of that is fine. But it also includes putting 15% of your income away and a plan to work. And, and honestly, I think she would be better off if she did something. Your two only children, she's sitting at home on her butt. I mean, I'm sorry, but is what does she, does she, is there not something she wants to do? You don't have to work to have meaning That's not the thing.


My wife doesn't work today and hasn't since our first child was born doesn't work outside the home, I should say. 'cause she does work. But the, so anyway, the, the, you know, I I think you guys lay your hand to all of that and you know, but am I signing you up for a 24 hour a day Mardi Gras? No, that's not, that's not that. That's, that's unfulfilling. It's not a quality life. It, It is if you're 18 years old, but it's not for normal grown adults, you know? And so that, that's what I would do. I would say I'd systematically be saving, systematically be giving systematically be enjoying.


And you know, if you leave her two 50 alone, it'll double every seven years. Yeah. The only thing that sticks out. And in no way Jacob do, I think you're saying this, but I, I'm just gonna throw this out there. 'cause I think this is a slippery slope that when we are waiting on parents to die, to inherit this life changing money, I think that's a, I'm gonna call it a slippery slope. And I just think we gotta be very careful about that. 'cause it it, that's, that's really tricky. And, and I'll tell you this, as we sit down with our financial advisor, Stacey and I every January and they're talking to us Dave, like, Hey, you could live to be 90. Like, we're, we're starting to see life expectancy.


And so this idea of like, I'm just gonna try to scrape along and then hope the parents, you know, kick the bucket. And again, I know you're not saying that, but I do think that that can get into a really weird, tricky mindset, Dave. Is what I was feeling there. Our estate plan is set up that if one of our kids does that, they're out of the will. They can't, they don't have that as an option. Yeah. To squander and just wait, Just to, to sit, sit and wait on me to die. That's not, it's not a plan. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll take you outta the will and then you'll have a need to work. That'll be good for you. See, okay. We'll help you fix that and, you know, and so that, that's the way it's set up. Yeah. And you know, you're not allowed to just sit and wait on us to die because we may live a long Time.


I think you are. I see you like 99 with a cane Still on here going She a car. Yeah. That's it. Well, I, you know what's funny about this? The calls will be the same 30 years From now. Yeah. Though they were 30 years ago. I can tell you that's pretty much the same thing. Don't do a student loan, don't do a credit card debt. Don't borrow on your student loan to invest it in a certificate of savings. I think, I think same credit. I, I think A lot of people will be here for 94-year-old Dave getting irritated. I don't know man. I, that's gonna be, I know what happens when people old quit making sense and they don't quit. That's not a good thing. The legendary, we've witnessed that up close lately and I don't, I don't think I want that anymore. But yeah. So I'm pretty much ensured that these people over there, the booth people are gonna take me off the air. Yeah. So what's gonna happen soon?


You, it Makes me think of, you and I are both friends with the legendary art Linkletter. Yeah. And Art once said, he said this many times, but one of my favorite things he said was his favorite people to ever interview were young people and old people. Young people. 'cause they don't know what they're saying and old people because they don't care. Yeah. You know, I interviewed Art on this show and he was 78 and he did, he did 148 speaking engagements that year. And I said, why in the world are you doing that? He said, 'cause I'm on the Council for the Aging. Yeah, that's, and one of the one, some of the data, and this was 20 years ago, some of the data we found is that if you don't keep your brain active, it's a muscle. It atrophies just like any other muscle. And he goes, so I'm doing it just to keep my brain active.


Just, just so that I, you know, it's either that or do crossword puzzles. So you know, I gotta do something to keep the thing moving.


Buying or selling a home is a big deal. And with all the clickbait headlines and confusing stuff out there on Tic-Tac, it's tough to know what's actually really happening in the real estate world. Hey, we're here to make the latest trends easy to understand. Last month, home prices went up slightly again. Now our median house price is around $440,000 nationally. And we just hit over a million homes for sale. That's the highest inventory since 2019. Not enough to meet buyer demand though prices are still going up. Average 15 year fixed rate, slightly under 6% right now. If you wanna Learn more about housing market trends and get ready to buy, get the Free Tools to help you buy or sell with confidence, we'll teach you, we'll help you. It's all free. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or click the link in the show notes.


Our question of today is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi works with borrowers who have defaulted private student loans, even when other lenders have said no with a lower payment, low fixed rate. You can refi this, get a clear path forward, get out of this debt visit. Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in Allstate.


Today's question comes from Evan in Washington DC I'm 35 years old, single with no kids. I make about $350,000 a year. I have a 750,000 net worth. And my only debt is my car payment and a $750,000 mortgage. I have 250,000 in my emergency fund and about 250,000 in retirement. The country club I'd like to join has a $20,000 initiation fee and then $500 per month after that. I golf about twice a week. Is it wise for me to make a purchase like this at this point in my life with my financial situation? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You, you can afford that. Yeah. No question. But 250,000 emergency funds, asinine much pay off's. Pay off your car today.


Yeah, That's right. Get that emergency fund down to three to six months of expenses and invest that money into some kind of good growth stock mutual fund with your financial planning firm. Yeah. But I agree that you can afford a $20,000 initiation fee with those numbers and $500 a month with those numbers. Yeah, easily. Easily. And if it's a nice place, send an email to Dave and I, we will consider joining you for 18. We'll give it, give it a, give it a consideration. Consideration. I don't wanna speak for David. His busy cow. Jacob. Jacob is in West Palm Beach. Hey Jacob. What's up? Hey Uncle Dave. How's it going? Better than I deserve, man. How can I help? Not much. I'm just trying to see if it's a foolish idea for me to purchase a used boat.


No, you ought to get it. I guess. I'm kidding. What, what's the situation? What's it cost? Yeah, so they're asking 16,000. I could probably talk 'em down a little bit from there. I do have 13,000 currently stashed away in cash. I make a salary of $70,000 a year. I am debt free. Have no debt. I invest 13% of my income into my 401k. And every year I track and max out my Roth IRA. So I, I don't have really any Do you have an emergency fund? Yes, currently that's just tied up in my money market account, which I could pull at any time. I'm sorry. How much is in the, how much is in your emergency fund?


$38,000. Okay. All Right. And you have 13 saved towards a boat that they're asking 16 for? Yes sir. So if you settle on 14, how are you gonna cover it? So, well, I'll just wait another month and keep doing it. Or I could pull out, I guess from, I have a savings account as well. And then in my Checking account, I have how much in the savings account? Savings account is just 5,000. And then Currently I have four thousand. So you have eight in an emergency fund, five in savings, and 13 in the boat fund. Is that right? Yes sir. Okay. All Right. Yes sir. I'd offer 13. Yeah, yeah, definitely. But I, I And see what you can get the boat for.


But yes, you can afford the boat Even you think even with storage, having to pay storage fees. Since I don't have a house, I'm living in a condo so I'd have to find a place that'd be roughly 300 a month. If you don't to, it's okay. Oh, okay. Well I just really wanted to see if you thought I could afford it reasonably with my income and Yeah, I know. Well, I mean, what is your, what's your car worth? I have a Toyota Tacoma. It's probably worth 30 grand. And you make what? $70,000. Okay. One rule of thumb is not have more than half of your annual income tied up in things with motors and wheels.


And you're probably getting ready to break that or Pretty close so that, that makes it a little bit questionable. You're gonna have a lot tied up. 'cause the tacoma's going down in value like a rock and so is the boat. So you got a lot tied up in things going the wrong way. But you can do it, but you're just, you know, be aware that you're pushing the edge. You no more toys, you ain't getting room for toys and you know, I don't know what these storage fees are. You need to Look at that and see if you can actually afford that part. But the numbers you gave me, you have saved up for the boat and Ken's Right. If you bought it for 13, I think, you know, that puts you right on track. I think he gave us about 300 a month on storage, Dave. So he said that. Yeah. Oh, I missed It. Okay. And so with that needs to look at, he needs to look at his budget and go, how much does that tax his, his his other operating expense?


It's 30, 3600 bucks a year. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, it's doable based on the numbers he gave us. Is it the best decision? Yeah, not on the rule of thumb. You're, you're on the top side of everything here. You don't need, you're not on the bottom side. It's not a slam dunk like the country club guy, but the, What's a boat like that gonna depreciate? Oh, is there a Rate? They all go down like, like crazy quickly. Anything anything does, I mean, there's no such thing anything with a motor, it just, or with wheels, you know, if it's got a battery in wheels like Rachel's car, you know, it goes down and so those, it doesn't matter if it's got a motor, but you know what I'm saying? It just, they just all go, they're all it, It is just a, or a black hole for money.


I will tell you this, the, the, the, the joke is always, there's two best days in a boat owner's life. The day they buy it and the day day they sell it. Is that true? So, well, I don't know. I've never sold one other than to buy another one. That's, let's, so I've always, I've had a boat my whole life, so Isn't that really? But is, okay, so this is fun question you, if you Reach the end of your use of a boat and you're sick and tired of it and it's it's a bother. Yeah. Then it's a great thing. You know, like anything, you, you have a little celebration when you finally get stupid things solved. But, but You have so much financial margin and freedom that there's, my point is, I don't know if that's true for someone who's in good financial situation where Yeah, but I mean emotionally the thing could just be in the way if you're done with it. Oh, I see you're done with it. I don't, I don't want this thing anymore, whatever It is.


But you've Yet to reach this moment On a boat. Yeah, no, I I I've got, I like boat, I've got master crafts and we're skiers and so Yeah. And wakeboarders and surfers and all that stuff. Barefooters all that. We do all this stuff and so yeah, we love our master crafts. They're world's, world's best ski boat as far as I'm concerned. I'll just give 'em an ad right here. There you go. So there we go. Give give 'em a mention. Yeah. That that's, but that was when I was a kid And we were skiing and, and beginning to ski tournaments and stuff. And my teenagers, if you had a mastercraft, you were, you were, you, you know, you were the dog status of you were the big, it was the best boat. I mean, 'cause it's when you're slalom skiing in, in those days and today if you got a one 90, it's, it's a zero wake and it gets you outta the water so fast.


It's unbelievable. You're not dragging around back there and drowning and everything else. And so it's just, and so I, that's what I always wanted. It became a goal. I mean like, I was a teenager. I'm back there and going, someday I'm gonna get some money. Sure. What am I gonna get? Some people wanted to get a car, some people wanted to get a Tacoma, Dave wanted to get a mastercraft, you know. Yeah. So that was, that was the thing. So it's a little different for me, but yeah, it make sure you're gonna use the stupid thing and 'cause you're gonna be, you're gonna be putting a a, a fair chunk of your life into it sir. And so make sure you're getting good use of it. Toys are not against the rules. The only rules we have are rules that cause you to become wealthier so that you can enjoy your life more.


That's the only rules we have. And when you make $50,000 a year and you have a $50,000 truck payment and you have a boat and two seadoos and you wonder why you're broke, I can show you. It's in your driveway. That's why you're broke. You wonder why your kid's college fund isn't funded. It's in your driveway. 'cause you're buying a bunch of crap. You can't afford to impress somebody to stoplight that don't even know you. And so, ooh, cool truck. Yeah, well that's about what you get for 70 grand. So no, no, you don't put money and stuff like that and, and you live like no one else. You drive like no one else so that later you can live like no one else and drive like no one else. The reason we can afford those master crafts is because, you know, we, we didn't for a long time And we, we saved and invested and saved and invested just like we teach here on the air.


So you live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. Speaking of i, I as long along with the other personalities have been at the other end of you giving us a wonderful time dragging us on the back of that boat. And you have thrown me in places. It Is such a Joy. My body is contorted in places in such smack the water Way to launch Ken Coleman at high rate of speed, Launch him on a tube. Can you just see Ken flying through the air with the greatest of ease Limbs everywhere. Terror until you land in the water. Yeah. That's blisters. It's a great tube blanc. No skin on my knees. Great tube blanc. Dave gives like no one else, folks. I'm telling you man. That's right. He does.


I'm generous that way.


Switching banks can be a hassle and I totally get that. But when Winston, I opened up our Fairwinds account, we were shocked by how quick and easy it was. It just took a few minutes online. We didn't have to block off an entire afternoon or track down paperwork. And the next day we got a personal call from a Fairwinds specialist just checking in. I couldn't believe it when I answered my phone and I was talking to them. I was like, y'all are the nicest people. Now. If you're working hard to save money, get outta debt and build a future, you should have a bank that supports that. Not fights it. That's why I recommend Fairwinds. They created the smart checking and savings bundle specifically for Ramsey fans. Plus they have a great app and you have access to over 33,000 fee-free ATMs and more than 5,000 shared credit union branches across the country. So you can have access and withdraw your money just like you're used to no matter where you live. Don't settle for a bank that slows down your progress. Make sure you choose one that helps build you up and helps you win with money. Visit Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY and open your smart bundle today. Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by the NCUA.


Lisa is in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Hi Lisa, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Hi. What's up? So my husband And I both work, we are doing everything right financially, at least according to everything I've read and seen and done. But he still insists that we can't afford a baby and I wanted nothing more forever. And I just, I just don't see how his, his math is working. I just don't see how he can think that when we're doing so well. And I look at Like my brother. So do you have, do you have debt?


I mean, technically, you know, we have a car that we're almost done paying off. It's got I think like $900 left to pay off. Okay. What else? And we bought a house about a year Ago. How much is your house payment? I know we pay 2,400 a month. I think it's just under, but we like to round it up. Okay. All Right. And and then I, I do have student loans. How much are your student loans? About 48,000. They keep going up because I'm on an income based repayment plan and I've been Working. So you're paying, you're not, you're not paying off your student loans. So they're going up. Okay. And yeah, I've been working towards the public service loan forgiveness program for those, No, it doesn't work. You gotta pay off the student loan.


1% of the people survive the public service program. It's a complete scam. So what's, what's your household income? He makes 70,000 ish. I don't know what my yearly salary is 'cause I changed dogs about a year ago, but I make about 20 an hour. Okay. Which is about 30. So you make about a hundred thousand dollars a year. Alright. And your vision of having a baby involves you quitting work? Most likely. Only because I do have a disability And we think that once I have a baby I'll probably have to go on disability, but we're not sure.


Okay. We're trying to figure that out. So have having a child will aggravate your disability and make it worse? Yes and no. I don't know if you've ever heard of EDS or pots. No. It, it's essentially a connective tissue disorder. So I'll be in and out of to to make sure everything's good. I'll be, you know, in the, not in the hospital a lot in the outpatient a lot. I'll be going to the doctor quite a bit. And then just because it's a connected tissue disorder where everything's loose, pregnancy makes everything looser. So there'll be a period of time where I'll be in kind of recovery, getting everything to tighten back up so that I can function as normal again.


Okay. And all of that of course involves medical bills. Yes. We've got pretty good insurance. So I'm not super worried about the bills part of it. My not So Is he, is is he really worried about the money or is he worried about you? It's both. I mean I know it's both. He's, he's said it's much but he's, we're both pretty confident that because I've got a really good team of doctors, a lot of my disabilities, I don't wanna say in remission 'cause it never goes away, but like it's, I'm pretty well managed for Yeah, I gotcha. For what I have. Yeah. Have You two sat down and gone line by line through the budget? Because the way you led the question off, you know, you basically said, I don't think his numbers are, are matching what I'm seeing.


So I'm curious, have you gone line by line through your budget based on you losing 30,000? Well what, what expense is it that he thinks is gonna break you all? Yeah, so we've gone line by line. The reason I think that it's coming across different is because, for example, he likes to have like a minimum $2,000 buffer in our, in our checking account every month we have an over $10,000 emergency expense in a share certificate plus our regular savings for like saving up for things. He wants to have all of the funds saved up for, you know, me being out on medical and initial baby expenses.


He wants to have that all saved up beforehand. And I grew up in poverty and I am sitting here, he's 17.5 k in investment accounts. You know, we, we've got all this money stashed away places and he just doesn't like to touch it because he wants to have it just in case he wants to have all Everywhere. Well, he's trying to make sure he takes care of a wife who's going to struggle medically and a baby. He, he, you know, I think this guy's loving you well the way he knows how to love is to have some money to make sure that the family is okay. So his motivation is really pure. He's not, he, he, you know, you didn't tell me he's got a million dollars.


You told me he's got 17,000. It's not like you've got stacked cash stacked in the spare bedroom to the walls. Okay. It's 17 grand. So I have a quick question. Has he revealed to you an amount of money that if you were to get to that, then he would feel comfortable? Sort of. He hadn't, he tests me with coming up with a number of like, when we have a ba you know, if we're ready to do this, how much do we need? Yeah. You're not the one that needs the number. He's the one that does, He needs to come up with a number. Right. He, the reason he asked me to do It is 'cause he's like, I don't really know what it's gonna cost for us to have a baby. So, and I don't know how much you work is gonna let you have off.


So, so give him what he doesn't know and then put pressure on him in a positive way. I think you, the answer to your question is I think you guys can afford to have a baby. But I think the way you're gonna get on the same page about this is that the two of you lay out a game plan because your husband is a planner. He is a nerd, he's a he is wonderful husband, but he's a nerd and he, he is going to be fretting and worried about his wife and his child and it's gonna offset some of the joy of having a child if there's not a plan. So the two of you sit down and work your way through a plan and what exactly those dollars are reallocate some of the dollars you've got and put some new dollars towards it.


Get the questions answered about what it's gonna cost, the questions answered about what your time you're gonna be off, questions answered of whether you're gonna quit and what disability is gonna look like. All of those things get all of that laid out. And that shouldn't take, you could do all of this in less than a month and figure out the plan and then it might take you a couple months to fill in the gaps with the cash to do the plan. But one of the plans needs to be, you know, after you, after you do this, after you have a baby, you gotta have a plan to get this stupid student loan paid off. 'cause your plan that you have right now sucks. It's horrible. You're gonna be in debt the rest of your life with the plan you've got right now. So that's a side issue. But you guys have got to start laying that stuff out and go, okay, we're gonna get rid of all these debts the last little bit on the car.


We're gonna actually start paying off if the student loans after the baby comes. And I'm fine with that. We never tell people, I mean, virtually never to, to avoid children based on cost. We always have babies. The best thing in life is babies. Babies are awesome. They're the best thing out there. And the only thing better than babies is grand babies. Mm. Yeah. That's the only thing better. So yeah, get you some. But you know, he's, he's laid out what makes him feel like a good dad and a good husband. So help him get there. And when you do that, I think all of a sudden a baby's gonna be back in the discussion.


We know a bunch of you have been trying to get your friends and family on the RAMSEY plan and it's hard to get 'em to understand all this stuff. So we're gonna help you. We built the Ramsey 1 0 1, the first level class that you can take. It's a Playlist and you can help 'em completely for free. It's an easy to share Playlist. It covers the basics for someone who's just getting started with RAMSEY. What are the baby steps? How to pay off debt using the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund, how to get the spouse on board. Click the link in the top of the show notes and open Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. Text it, DM it, send it to a group chat. Say something like, just thought this might help. Not like you're stupid. Don't do that. If you're listening on radio, we've got the Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. One share. One step could change everything for one person.


Aaron is in Jacksonville, Florida. Hi Aaron. How are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? So me and my dad, we run a painting business here in Florida and the plan from the start was always for me to take it over. I'm 26 years old, he's about 60 years old now, but he also pastors a church here in, in Florida. And so the, the plan's always been for me to start and take over the business. He's gonna hand it off to me, he's gonna retire. But the last six or seven years now, he's been doing just like shady things. As I get older, I'm realizing the things that he does are just not ethical. And me and my wife are just getting to the point of like, should I move on?


Should I just take over the business? And hopefully it all will just work out. But the shitty things he does are just like taking payments from customers to his own personal Venmo account and sometimes even to his own bank account. And sometimes won't even tell me if I bring it up to him, he'll just blow it off. Say it's just, just It is our account. This venmo's our account. If you need anything, we'll we'll pull it outta there and I can't get him to put it into our joint account through Fairwinds. So the, the big question is if I should move on, So wait a minute. Are, are you one of the owners now? Yeah, I'm the VP of the company. Yeah. And you're one of the owners Now?


Yes. Okay. And so he's taking money that is your money? Yeah, our, our company, me our painting company. Yeah, I know, but he took it and put it in his personal account. Which half of that money was yours? Or some, some portion of that money is yours, right? Yeah. Not like if I need it, it's like mine. Whether I need it or not, it's mine. Yeah. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, he, he, it's a, yeah, it's his personal Venmo account, so it's not really my money. It's basically, Yeah. I I don't think he sees it as shady. I think he's just really sucks at bookkeeping. Yeah. It's irrelevant to him which account it goes in.


'cause it's his money as far as he's concerned. Yeah. And he, he he left out the part where he was ripping you off. Right. He doesn't, I don't think he even realizes it, does he? No, he, he'll, he'll deflect it and just try to blow it under the rug And that, that's not what, I mean, I don't think he realizes he's stealing from you. That's why he deflects it as far as he's concerned. Yeah. It's my money if I put it in this account, if I put it in that account, it's still my money. Yeah, but that's not true because you're one of the owners, you get paid out of the profits. Right. And so this affects profits. Yeah, 100%. Yeah. So you've had a discussion that was that blunt?


I don't think so. You don't sound like that guy. I have a couple of times and he just says, what's the big deal? What do you What do you wanna do? I'm like, can We, big deal is I want to put the freaking money that's my money in this account. That's ours. That's the big deal. But it doesn't sound like that coming from you. It would from me. Yeah. I I, this is a clear cut for me. I think he, I think you need to move on. I, I don't think he's gonna change. And it feels like to me, you already resent him and this is just a mess. And I don't see him getting out of this deal anytime soon either. So then it comes down to if he's not gonna change, how much longer are you willing to put up with this?


And I don't think you're gonna like any of those answers. So if it were me, I would say, dad, love you. I I want out of Ownership. I'm, I'm willing to stay if you transfer all of it to me within three months. Yeah. If you're not willing to do that, I think I need to go out on my own. I, I've just, I think this thing's run its course. Yeah. Yeah. Would he, will he do that? Will he turn it over to you now? I don't think so. I think he needs the income. He's a pastor, but it doesn't support his Yeah. Support. He's bi vocational. This is a slush fund for him. This also has tax implications that I would not sleep well at night. I've never been a fan of people doing that and treating their, their business like it's a personal account.


A lot of small business people do this, and that's dangerous. And the IRS loves to weaponize and make an example outta people. And I'm not saying that's gonna happen, but for all those reasons, I, Dave, you're being very generous here. I, I wouldn't even give him the, I'd just be done. I I don't, I don't think I'd give him an ultimatum. 'cause I don't think it's gonna matter. And I think it prolongs your Decision. Well, what it does do is it gives dad the choice. Fair. You let him have the dignity of choice and you can choose. That's a good point. You can add. I, I'm, I'm through working together this you putting money aside and other things I'm not okay with. And the other stuff you're doing. I'm not okay with, I love you. I wanna continue to be your son, but I can't work here anymore.


If you wanna turn this over to me, fine. If not, I'm gonna go out on my own. And, you know, it just sounds like that. Yeah. Yeah. There's no reason to burn the bridge and no reason to burn the relationship. That's right. It doesn't. And so don't be yelling and calling him a crook and running out the door or something. That doesn't, that's not, that's not valuable. There's no, no need to do all that. So, man, I'm sorry. That's a hard situation to be in. Dave is in Chattanooga. Hi Dave. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey guys. Thanks Jake McCall. I am looking at long-term care insurance and I see several, a couple different options out there. One, this is something I should be looking at is that, that's one question. And number two, what should I be looking for?


And based on what I'm looking at, I'm just trying to understand the numbers and what makes sense. Okay. How old are you? 48. You don't need long-term care insurance. Okay. The statistical use of nursing home stay prior to age 60 is very, very close to zero. And so I would not, we don't recommend long-term care insurance until you turn 60. Okay? And then the reason you would do It is this, if you have a mid-range net worth, meaning let's say you've got 500 or $700,000 57, or, or well, I'm sorry, 75% of the ladies outlive their husbands.


So the normal scenario is 64, 65 years old, whatever, 69 years old. Dad gets something and goes into the nursing home stage three years, burns through 350 grand cracks and scrambles in this egg leaves Mom broke when he dies. That's who needs nursing home insurance, long-term care insurance. You also, when you're buying that at 60 years old or older, wanna buy an in-home care feature that it will insure someone to do in-home care as well as a traditional nursing home. None of it covers more than three years. Now. You can't hardly find it. It's all a three year policy. But the statistical, again, the stats are the average nursing home stays about 2.7 years.


And so very few people go over three years. It's very, very unusual. And so if you do, you can get into some other messes, but you can't get coverage for more than three years, hardly these days. So basically nursing home's a hundred grand. So you're buying 300 K worth of coverage, costs you about five grand, four grand, something like that. And per year. And you know that, that gets you set up. Now, if you're worth $10 million, you don't need long-term care insurance. You hire full-time help and turn your home into a nursing home. Okay? Or you write a check and self-insure. If someone does need to go into memory care or something like that.


And you just write the check and you're better off to self-insure through it if, because again, your exposure is about $300,000. That's about what the average out of pocket's gonna be. And you can absorb that if you have $10 million. Okay? But we strongly recommend mid-range and down to no money under a million dollar net worth down to no money that you get long-term care insurance once you turn 60. It is a major deal. It's a, a big hole in people's thing. And I see a lot of, a lot of widows left with no money. 'cause daddy used up the money in the nursing home and they had a pretty good little nest egg. A couple hundred grand or 400 grand or something, and it just gets cracked and scrambled.


Yep.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves, meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's Ramsey trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


These days, business as usual is anything but tariffs. Make trade policy a moving target. Supply chains are squeezed and cash flow is probably tighter than ever. So if your business can't adapt in real time, you're in a world of hurt. That's why you need NetSuite by Oracle. Trusted by more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions. You need to see what's happening, what's stuck, and what's costing you and how to fix it. And NetSuite is the number one cloud-based business management suite because it helps your business make the right decisions fast. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one place. So you're not left shuffling a dozen different spreadsheets that gives you the visibility you need to make quick decisions based on actionable data. And NetSuite AI automates everyday tasks so your team can focus on strategy. It's one system for full control and no guesswork to tame the chaos. And right now, if you're leading a business doing more than a million dollars in annual revenue, download NetSuite's free ebook, navigating global trade. Three insights for leaders at NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash Ramsey.


Vanessa's in Detroit. Hi Vanessa, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Good afternoon guys. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Okay, so I have received a 30 K buyout from my former employer. I have a $18,000 card loan left to pay off. I have $5,000 in medical bills. I'm just wondering what actionable steps can I do to set myself up in the future for financial success? Got the new job? No. What were you making before? Before I was making like 50 KA year. Okay. And when, when will you start the new job making 50 K?


That is something I'm not sure of. That's it's, it's a lot of wants that I wanna do. I wanna start a new business. I wanna invest, I wanna Go to school. I wanna Go to college for No, you need to get a job. Oh, get a job. The, Yesterday. Yesterday. All of those want toss, but the have to, you don't have enough money to do all that. You only got 30 K, you didn't get 3 million. Okay. Okay. Well that is definitely, Let help you with this. If you get a job this week making 50 k, the 30 K is free money and you can use it to pay off your debts. Mm.


And it would be debt free making 50 K. You'd be in a lot better position than you were four months ago before the, before the voluntary buyout, right? Yes. And then you can take, since you don't have any payments now you can start saving up money to Go to school, saving up money to start a business. Mm. Instead of just pouring out what I have now and then that would just be a risk. Well the problem is you don't want anything to eat with honey. When you pour out the 30 K, there's nothing left. You don't have any money to eat with. Right, right. You gotta have Food money. That was my worry. Yeah. Yeah. You need to go get a job. Yesterday. When did all this go down? This has been an ongoing situation since last year.


Yeah. When did you get the check? When were you go when? When they cut you loose? Like, like three days ago. Oh good. Okay, good. So it's fairly fresh. What were you doing? I was a automotive worker at one of the plants and they were basically very, they wasn't consistent. So I could have stayed, I think my race well would've been like 36. But because of the inconsistency one day of me working once some days, me not, it just, it wasn't guaranteed. Gotcha. I'm sorry, what did you say? You were doing automotive. What worker? She was in Detroit. Yeah. I was a, yeah.


Oh, you're okay. You're on the assembly line. Like putting cars together. We were the, the plant that sent the parts to Gotcha. Okay. The assembly line. So, so you know a lot of people in that industry, I'm guessing? Not really. I just kind of stayed to myself and Okay. Worked and went home. Okay. Again, Dave said it and he's right. The best way for you to come out of this thing unscathed is you've gotta get employed quickly and you know enough people, you've got enough experience you're looking at anywhere in the Detroit area. You gotta get back to work quickly. Vanessa, I'm not trying to be tacky, but I don't want you to think $30,000 is a lot of money.


'cause you're gonna find out how quickly it's gonna go away. If you don't get back to work. It's not much money. You, you did not get much of a buyout here. And so you, you didn't hit the lottery. I know it may be more money than you've seen in one check. I understand that. And I'm not trying to be talking down to you or something, but you, you, the way you're acting and emotionally is, is that this is a lot more money than It is and you really don't have, you really have a pretty serious problem. You're unemployed and you need to get that problem solved as fast as possible. Hang on, we'll send you a copy of Ken's book Proximity principle, which will help you with that process. Candace is in Washington, DC Hey Candace, how are you?


I'm good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Hi. Okay, So my husband And I are, we have done all your steps. We are debt free. We have money in our emergency account and now we are in the thinking of investing stage and investing in like the stock market scares us. Like, 'cause it's not a world we know nothing of anything about. So my husband wants to invest in precious metals like gold. And I wanna invest in a, like a beachfront property or a lake property we can use as a rental. So my question is, what do you think is the better investment At your stage?


Neither one. Okay. Right now you need to just be doing your 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRAs and some good growth stock mutual funds. And I know you said the stock market scares you and it scares you. Not because it's scary, but because you just don't know anything. So it's time to get into, it's time to learn and start learning a little bit about how a mutual fund works. What a mutual fund is, is multiple people put money in it that way they mutually fund it. That's where the name comes from. And what the fund buys tells you what kind of mutual fund It is. If they buy growth stocks with the money that people have mutually funded, then it's a growth stock mutual fund.


And you hear people say that phrase a lot, I'm sure. And that's what we teach people. And what I personally have put, Ken's personally put our, our, you know, our families have put our retirement into mutual funds. And a mutual fund is 90 to 200 different stocks of America's best and brightest companies. And so when you open up your mutual fund information brochure, you're gonna see companies like Exxon or Apple or Home Depot or Coca-Cola or McDonald's or something like that. And you're gonna go, oh, 20 years from now this group of stocks is going to be worth a lot more than It is today. Because for the last a hundred years or so, the stock market has averaged a little over 11% per year in those, the group of stocks going up in value.


And so that's what I would do. I'd put my, I if you're out of debt, you got your emergency fund, I start putting 15% of my income into 4 0 1 Ks and Roth IRAs and good growth stock mutual funds. I sit down with a, with a smart investor pro. You can find one that we recommend at Ramsey Solutions dot com. We're not in the investment business, but these are the people that'll help you do that and have the heart of a teacher and they'll finish teaching you the lesson that I just started teaching you. Gold absolutely sucks. You're gonna really screw up putting your money in gold. Your husband doesn't know anything about that either or he wouldn't be suggesting it.


Gold has a horrible track record over the last 70 years. Gold has an average annual return of 2%. You'd be better off putting your money in a freaking fruit jar. So no, just 'cause you've been watching too much, reading too much crap on the internet. If you think gold is a good investment, no it's not an investment. It's a good way to lose your butt. And so no, you don't need to do that. And no, you don't need a beachfront rental that you're gonna borrow money to go do. You just got out of that. So no, you're gonna be putting 15% of your income aside in good growth stock mutual funds. And that is the shortest direction to your first million to $5 million in net worth.


I think that advice is a little fuzzy. Dave, I think you should clarify that a little bit. Just as a casual observer, could you be any more clear? I don't, I don't think that's possible. You know, I think it's fun to remember that when you're investing, when you do anything that's new, there's two kinds of fear. There's fear that is good for you. Don't touch a hot stove, don't stand in front of an 18 wheeler that's coming at you at 80 miles an hour. That's fear that gets your, keeps you from getting hurt, right? You need good fear. The other fear is fear of the something I don't know how to do, but it's false evidence appearing real FEA.


And that's you holding the seat of your five-year-old while they learn to balance a bicycle for the first time in their minds. They're getting ready to die in your mind. They're going to be balancing and giggling within the next hour and they will probably scrape a knee in the interim and they will not die from it. Instead, they will have a life of freedom because they can now pedal and balance and learn something that they didn't know before. That's a good fear that you work your way through with knowledge and with practice. And that's investing and that's investing in the stock market. The stock market is not scary at all. It's not unstable and it's not even that risky when you learn how to do it properly.


Like we're talking about not buying single stocks. We're not day trading, not doing some stupid butt thing. You heard on TikTok, we're just putting money in your 401k baby. It's kind of boring.


Well, graduation does not come with a GPS. A lot of students are walking into the real world with what's known as no clue. The get clear assessment, find the work you're wired to do. Student edition is here, you get clarity and you build a real plan that they're confident in. Whether it's a major, a trade or their first job, 34 99. The assessment will help them identify their strengths while the book will help them understand the results and figure out what's next fabulous for graduates. Get a copy today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. If you're watching on YouTube or podcast, click the old link in the description.


Noah in Seattle. How are you Noah? I'm good. How are you? Doing Better than I deserve. How can I help? Hey, so I'll jump into it really quick. Sorry, this is super surreal talking to you. So me and my wife got married about a year and a half ago and before that, two years before we got married, she got into a car accident and she didn't have active car insurance. Ooh. And so she has a judgment, which is $80,000. Ooh. About 83,000 to be exact. And we didn't know about this judgment until six months into our marriage.


Like there was nothing on a record. There was nothing Oh no, no. Wait a minute. She knew she got sued. She did. She had moved and she had, so she hadn't gotten any papers or anything. She wasn't served at all. So six months into our our marriage, we got a paper saying we have this judgment, we had to pay It. And it's to an insurance company, I assume? Yeah. Who is the insurance company? It's through a, like a, a processing. Like, I want to say collections, but collections isn't what It is.


No, but I mean there's, there's a judgment probably with the people she hit. It's their insurance paid the bill and then they came after her. Yeah. Correct. Correct. Sorry. Yeah. So who, who was the insurance company, do you know? I'm not sure I can look at the papers. How old is your wife? She's 21 now. She was 18 when it happened. Okay. So she just had no clue. Yeah. Okay. And you guys are, she's 21 and you're what? 20. And what's your household income today, hun? 75,000. Okay. And I'm assuming you don't have piles of money anywhere?


No. We're, we're on baby step two and I just wanted to know, this was our biggest and last debt to work on and I just wanted to know if Your your best route is I would take a run at it myself. I think. If not, I would probably spend a thousand dollars on an attorney and let them take a run at it. And the your best route is to try to do a lump sum settlement and try to get this insurance company to say, okay, I got a 21-year-old kid, just got married, she's got no money, you ain't getting nothing.


Yeah. Good luck with your $80,000 judgment. And this is how the conversation sounds. I mean, they, they, okay. And once they get a clear picture that this is a, that this is not a multimillionaire that they have sued, this is a broke person that has no money, that's brand new, married and 21 years old. Okay. Once they get that picture in their head, they're, they're gonna, they're gonna soften up quite a bit. You follow me? 'cause they don't think they're gonna get their money. Yeah. Once they understand where you're, what they're dealing with, they, they don't think they're gonna get their money. And that's what I want 'em to think. Yeah. I want 'em to think they're not gonna get their money and then offer 'em, you know, 20,000 bucks to settle the whole thing and then just go borrow that. Okay.


Okay. My, I would rather you have, have $20,000 on a credit card than $80,000 to a car insurance company. Okay. My father-in-law said that what we should do is do bankruptcy, but I don't like that. Absolutely not. You're you're not bankrupt. Okay. That's dumb. No. Okay. He, you know, he, where was he when, where was this genius when all this was going on? When he take care of his daughter and find out what the flip's going on. So no, he doesn't, we don't need his advice. I promise you he means Well, but he doesn't have an, a clue how this works. So I, I think how, how confident do you, are you that you can walk into this phone call with this lawyer on the other side with a bit of a swagger and do this deal?


Or do you need to hire an attorney to do it for you? I'm pretty sure I could do it. I'm, I I could do It. Okay. Well you understand you're gonna paint the picture of you married this girl, you're not liable. Okay. Under no circumstances. You, you know, so you can't get money from me and I don't have any either. I, and I just married her. She's 21, she's got no money. Yeah. And she was 18 when this happened and she had no money. That's why she didn't have any stinking car insurance. And so I've talked to the bank, the bank will loan us $20,000 on a credit card. If you'll take that as settlement in full, I'll give it to you. We'll take that and then take payments. No, we won't do that. The only thing I'll do with you is a lump sum.


I want you outta my life. And then you just begin to negotiate and find out the number and then see if you can borrow that much money. Because you can cut this at least in half. And I don't mind you borrowing because you're already in debt. We're just changing the name of the debt from 80,000 car insurance to 20 or $30,000 credit union loan or whatever It is. Right? Okay. We're reducing the total debt by this, by this maneuver. And then you got that item and your debt snowball and you make 75,000 a year and you go knock it out. Okay? But you're not bankrupt. And so don't, don't do that. You could threaten that. If you wanna threaten that, just go, well my father-in-law told me to fall bankruptcy, but I thought I'd call you guys and see if we could work some out.


You know, that's kind of you. You follow the, the swagger here, right? Yeah. And if you feel like you're out of sorts, if you feel like they're beating you up in the conversation and you're get, it's gonna take about three of these phone calls, they're very unpleasant conversations. You're not gonna find understanding compassionate pastoral humans on the other side of this. Okay? Yeah. These are ambulance chasing lawyers. Literally ambu, they literally chase ambulances for real. Okay. And so this is, you know, and they work for a car insurance company. God almighty. What a horrible law job. I mean, you've got your law degree and this is the only thing you can do, which means you're not much of a lawyer.


So yeah. This is who you gotta deal with and you're gonna be nasty and you gotta, and you gotta just go, no, no, no, no. I guess I have to do what my father-in-law said and file bankruptcy. I don't know. No. If you can come up with a settlement number on a lump sum, I'll go down to the credit union to see if I can borrow it to help her out. 'cause I just married her. But No, no, no. What part of, no, don't you understand? It's a complete freaking sentence. No, no. This is how it's gonna go. You follow me Noah? Yeah, I follow you. I don't, I don't want you to think that you're gonna make one phone call and they're gonna go, oh, we completely understand. We'll take 23. If they do that, I'll fall outta my seat. It's true. Stick to the script. And I'd go so far as to what Dave has told you. Type that out or write it out.


And when you're on the phone, 'cause they've done this before and they will try to manipulate your emotions and I'm telling you to stick to the script, give them, No Matter what they say, No information. It's like a politician running for office. Office. No matter information. No matter what you ask them, they Say the same thing. Give us a current address on you. No, no. What's her social security number? No. What's yours? No. Where does she work? No. Yeah, I'm not talking about any of that. We're not writing a biography on my wife honey. We're trying to settle this. Yeah, Yeah. I'd repeat the same line over and over until they realize this is a kid that I'm not gonna crack and then they don't wanna play. You know, the only thing I can say yes to is bankruptcy. And then you get what's known as a zero. Yeah.


So 20,000 or Let's start from zero and go up. Where are we going from there? I can file bankruptcy for a thousand bucks. So you know, I'll give you a thousand bucks so she doesn't have file bankruptcy. Let's start from there. If we got to, come on dude, let's figure this out. You know, It just occurred to me, Dave, I would really enjoy doing that once or twice on behalf of someone else. Do you know what I mean? Just kind of call up and go hey, and just play the game too. 'cause we got no emotion in it. It was really fun to mess with those people. I used to, but we used to actually do that as part of our counseling here. Yeah. And I quit doing it because we would get it all fixed and the consumer didn't have any, the person that was in debt didn't have any blood in it. And so then they go screw it up the next month and not follow through on it.


Right, right, right. But if they put it together, they don't screw it up. You Would never do this. But it would absolutely Mel melt YouTube thoroughly. We did it live though, Thoroughly enjoyed it. It was so, Could you imagine if we did that live? Folks Just beat the snot out of American Express. Dave's calling For a hobby. It Was Noah. So Fun. I'm Noah's Uncle Dave and I've taken over this negotiation. I miss a savage. I worked for American Express. You changed your name to Savage. It would melt you Too. I had one lady, her name was, she named herself the Mrs. Baskerville as in the hounds of,


Hey, George Kamel here. Listen, we need to talk specifically about Mama Bear Legal Forms. Allow me to paint you a picture. You plan a vacation, you make a budget, you book the Airbnb, you build a spreadsheet of activities because you're that person. You fire up the maps app and boom, trip of a lifetime. So here's the question. If you plan that carefully for a one week getaway, why are you just winging it when it comes to your will? Not having a will in place is like dropping your family off at a foreign airport with no map, no translator, and no clue what happens next. So when you pass away, sure your family will be grieving, but they're also overwhelmed. Stuck in court and letting the government decide what happens to everything. You worked so hard for all because you didn't leave clear instructions. So the good news is you can fix this in 20 minutes with Mama Bear Legal Forms. I use them for my own will. And it was fast, simple, and gave me and my family peace of mind. There's no stuffy lawyer's office, no drama, just a few clicks and your family's protected. Listen, a will is too important to ignore. It's how you love your people. Well, even after you've yed your last haw, as we say in the south. So Go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com and handle this tonight. Use the promo code Ramsey and you'll save 20%. That's Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com. Promo code Ramsey.


You Work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor. If all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options so you never have to invest in anything you don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating. Pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor.


Janet is in Augusta. Hi Janet, how are you? I'm fine. How Are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, I've got a little bit of a dilemma. I'm, I'll be turning 71 next month and I am in debt with student loans that equal to red at a hundred thousand dollars a little over. Wow. How in the world do you get a hundred thousand dollars in student loans at 71? Tell me this story. Well, I started back in 99 when I started with these student loans and they have just ballooned out from under me and I've been listening to you and I know that I need to work out a way to get out of debt before I leave this earth.


So I'm looking for some guidance. What were you studying in your, was it in your fifties, right? Yeah, I was in my fifties. I started going to college late in life, went and got a BS degree and then I went on and got my master's degree. In what, in what In business? Business administration. All Right. And, and then you did not end up making a bunch of money as a result or, I haven't made enough to overcome that, that's for sure. I've been paying on them, but it's just not enough to make a difference. Yeah. Do you have any money?


Very little. What, what do you have? Less. Less than 50,000. Okay. All Right. And are You still working? Yes, I'm still working. I've got two jobs. What do you make? I've got one that I just started and I'm not sure what I'm gonna make per year, but it's probably around 35,000 and I teach part-time and I'm making Reddit 20,000 with that. Okay. How's your health?


It's good. Okay. What is the job you just took that you think you're gonna make 35,000? It's a remote job selling cars. Okay. Did you do anything with that business degree and master's specifically in the business world? Some type of leadership or management role? Yes. I, I was a dean for three or four colleges once I finished that, but I haven't been able to get back into that field. Field. Okay. So you went and got education and then basically used that education in higher education? Correct. What's the most money you ever made?


90,000. Good for you. Okay. Yeah. All Right. Well there, there's no secret to this. It's just math. Okay. And that's what, that's what my brain is sitting here crunching. I'm trying to figure out, because we have, how do we find a hundred thousand dollars out of a $55,000 income with 71 years old? If you found, if you found, if you lived on 35 and put 20 a year on a hundred, you'd be done in five years, you'd be 76. Okay. Okay. And so the problem is we have a pretty, pretty good sized hole and a medium to small shovel.


Yeah. And so that's what's bothering me mathematically. And is you, you have any, I I'm sure you've already thought these things, but I'm just, I'm, I'm poking around with Ken. Is there any chance you get back into some kind of dean's role, even if it was temporary and made that kind of money for two years? You, I have actually been trying. I've just, I've try, I'm trying to do it at the same time. Trying not to have to relocate to do It. Yeah. I think you're gonna have to relocate if you wanna get rid of the student loan. To that end, what is your living situation? Do you rent or do you own your home?


We own Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We buried the lead here. Who's we? We, where's He? He, he, he's disabled. What does he make on his disability? Right around 1400 a month. Does he have any money? No, sir. Okay. So we don't have any money. What's our house worth? Our house is worth about 2 45. 240 5K. What do you owe on it? Reddit. A hundred. And before we think relocation, I'm just digging here.


The, the teaching job, is that a part-time teaching job in the local public school system? What Is that? No, she said it's online, didn't you? No, she's selling cars. It's online part-time. Oh, It is? Oh. Oh, it's online. Everything I'm doing is, yeah. Everything I'm doing is online. I'm trying to stay Steady. I heard that. I got that. I heard you were selling cards that didn't catch the teaching thing. But, but let me ask you this. What if you were to teach locally and it wasn't online, what do you think your salary could be in the school system, whether it be private, public, Local, community college or local Yeah, local, whatever. What could you make? I would think we would probably be looking at about 50 or 60,000. Yeah. Yeah. I think I 60. I think you're Gonna be doing that. Yeah. We gotta get your income up at least for a couple of years so you can knock this thing out.


Yeah. Otherwise it dies with you. Yeah. Here's my recommendation. Okay. I, I think you need to try to get full-time in this, in, in some type of education role locally, then I would be trying to make an additional 30,000 doing online teaching. Now this is gonna work you to the bone, but again, For two years, and you could be clear, Then you can get through this. But that's what you have the best income potential because of your stellar education background. Yeah. And you just live on beans and rice. Yeah. And for two years we throw 50 K at this, but you gotta go make the extra 50 K right now. Yeah. And not, not over and above what you're making, but enough that you've got 50 K margin in y all's numbers.


And do that for two years and you'll be 73 and be clear. And this thing doesn't stay with you up into your nineties, hovering around, wondering when they're gonna come do something to you. And that's what's scaring me for you. This whole thing scares me. And so the, the lesson for those of you out there is twofold. One is if you're going to go back to school at any age or Go to school at any age, pay for it or don't go. The other one is that if you're gonna go make 90 and you owe a hundred, you need to get it paid off real, real fast so that you're not sitting here eight years later or five years later after she last made 90. And so those, for those of you listening, that doesn't help Janet.


But that, that, you know, part of listening to this show is figuring out what you can learn from it so that you don't, you're not 71 and having this exact conversation. This is an unpleasant conversation. She, she's in a pickle. Is the house on the table, Dave, or no? I, I don't think So. I don't want it to be, I don't think so because the student loan dies with her. Right. And he gets to keep the house. Yeah. And so, no, I, I'm not gonna sell the house to clear it at 71, but I would do a lot of things to try to get my income up for a, you know, a 24 month period of time and just to get, just to spend the last two decades or whatever of my life without freaking Sally May circling me like a buzzard.


Connor is in Nashville. Hey Connor. How are you? How's it going, sir? Better than I deserve. What's up? So I have a Jeep Wrangler and I'm trying to find a way to get rid of the payment. I owe about 17,000 on it. Okay. What's it Worth? It's about, well on right now. It's inoperable. So it's only worth about three grand. Why is it inoperable? The aluminum on the block cracked. Oof. Now I'm clueless about that. But what's that gonna cost to repair that? It's A whole engine. He blew the engine. How'd you blow the engine? Hey, I didn't know. How did you blow the engine on a damn gum Jeep Wrangler?


You know, I'll have to ask Chrysler that question. No, I really Don't. I'm asking you, you were jacking some four wheeling, you were running some Rs, buddy. What? And then you hit the creek and the creek was cold and the engine was hot. I'm completely lost right now. I have no idea what these things are said. James. This, I love this terminology. Did you mess this engine up yourself? Yeah, I don't believe so, but Okay. All Right. How, how many miles on this car? 130,000. Okay. 9,000 is what it's gonna cost to fix it. Yes sir. That's a new engine. The car's not worth a new engine.


So you need to Go to a salvage yard and buy a used engine out of a Rick Jeep. That's probably about, that's probably about three grand. Probably gonna take you about a grand to get it in. What do you make About 48 a year, sir. Okay. All Right. Yeah, you're gonna be working a lot of overtime to clean this mess up. What are you driving right now? My GMC Sierra. What's it worth? I wanna say about 10 grand. Okay. All Right. Yeah. The problem is that, I mean, this Jeep fixed is probably worth 12, right? Yes, sir.


Okay. And so it's worth salvage right now, and if you spend four on it, you can make it worth 12 again. And so you, you need to scratch up the four and fix it that way and then sell it. And that's how you get the most out of it. That's, that's your repair. But no one buying that Jeep is gonna be expecting a brand new engine in that Jeep from Jeep from Chrysler. Yeah. No, Thank you. They're gonna be buying, you know, they're, they're buying a used Jeep that's, that's got, that's probably on its last run. It's 130,000 mile Jeep and you put a 40,000 mile engine in it from a junkyard. And that's perfectly acceptable in that situation.


If I was buying that Jeep, I wouldn't think anything about that, that wouldn't bother me a bit. Yes, sir. And so, yeah, you scratch up the money, start talking to your mechanic about hunting down a bargain on a 40 or 50,000 mile salvage engine out of a junkyard. And then what's it gonna take to install it? It's probably at least a grand change it out and you need the cheapest mechanic in the world to change it out. This is not some retail thing. It is certainly not the dealer, Sir. I'm the cheapest mechanic in the world. I'll do it. Okay. Oh, so you, You can Actually, you can pull the engine. Yes sir. I have the pulley in the garage. All Right. How'd you blow it then? You know, I'm the one that checked it.


I checked underneath. You know where the valves are on the Yeah. Deep engines. Yeah. Down on the left side. It expanded too much and cracked right there when it cooled off. Yeah, but I mean, how, what did you do that, I mean, you, you think the engine was just, was flawed because 130,000 mile engine shouldn't blow in that car? Honestly, I'm not sure if it was flawed. That's what I've been thinking. 'cause I, that's my daily driver. I don't take the GMC to work until I started having to. But you weren't, you weren't screwing off or something? No, sir. Okay. Because that, that's how you blow those engines. I mean, you run, 'cause they're not that great an engine to start with and they won't handle high Rs and you run high Rs through that thing and then hit it into a and and hit it into a temperature change.


It'll blow it in a heartbeat. So, alright. Yeah. Wow. This Is great. I thought I was sitting in on a mechanic show Saturday morning car talk. Remember those guys? Were those guys still around? Yeah, they got, I it gotta be in every local market. There's gotta be a mechanic show in Every local radio. No, no, no. There a big, there was a famous one that was nationally done. I don't know, they, back when I was first doing talk radio, they were what they were Great. Are I'm, I'm afraid to ask this. I'm gonna ask quickly and we'll move on. Okay. Are high RS RPMs? Yes, sir. Yes sir. Okay. Yes sir. Very Good. Thank you. Audience members are clapping for me. They know how clueless I am. There's like real men out there going, oh, we got it. Right. It It's not, it's not a masculine thing, it's just a ic. I know. I'm joking.


Joking. I'm joking. Be masculine and not be a mechanic. High Rs. But The, I Know what he was saying. I'm glad I got that one. But you know, we've, Daniel's got, Daniel's got a Wrangler Oh yeah. That he bought when he was 16. Yeah. And then I ran it for a while while he was in college and Yeah. And gave it back to him as a graduation compression. Is that the green one? That's the green one. I'm Ob I told him the other day. Yeah. If he ever gets tired of it. That's a good looking Jeep. That's A good looking Jeep. The engines are crap Crap. It's a little four cylinder piece of crap. Nothing. I didn't know that you knew engines like this, Dave. Well I don't, but You're a Renaissance man, So Yeah, there's that. Yeah. Right. Anyway, open phones at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. You probably just learned everything. I know Matt is in Raleigh. Hey Matt. What's up?


Hey, how you doing Dave? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Well, my wife took, or my wife and I took financial peace when we were engaged. We've been married almost a year now. We're in pretty good standings really. We're on step three B and we're considering a pretty substantial life change actually of getting out of our rental house. We pay a decent amount of money. It's a nice place, but we don't really need it at the moment. What is, how much do you pay With utilities? It's probably about 2100. Okay. It's just two of you? Yeah. Okay. I mean, it's like a little three bed, two bath house. Yeah.


On 0.7 acre. Yeah. Like, it's a nice place, but It's more place than you need for a rental a house. Yeah. While you're trying to save up money for a house, it's too much. Right, Right. Yeah. Gotcha. So I, I've been blessed with great in-laws. They have a finished basement And we, for them, they've allowed us, they've pretty much agreed to let us come down there for a year or two, move in, just help us pocket, you know, a lot of money that we can in this time period. I would like to know, should I continue con contributing to my retirement or not? Up to you. The more you put in the retirement, the longer you're in your mother-in-law's basement.


See, that was the same thing I had in mind. I know it's, I've heard you say like up to three years. Yeah, no. Without being out of retirement, but not being in your mother-in-law's basement. I didn't say that. So, hey, you guys do what you wanna do. I will tell you that Sharon and I would move to a cheap one bedroom apartment and continue our autonomy and that would slow down our house payment. Save up. You've done very, very well so far. I feel very confident you'll be able to buy a home doing that without losing your autonomy. I'll just leave it at that. Or privacy or whatever else we wanna call it.


And, and that's not to say that your in-laws aren't wonderful people. You preface this with their wonderful people. Most of them are wonderful people at a distance. I, I couldn't agree more. I I got nothing to add to this. I just don't think it's healthy. It's not un it's not bad, but just does, I know there's a difference between healthy, You have it in your head as it's gonna be one thing and it all usually turns out to be something else. That's the problem. Yeah. That's what I mean by the healthy part. Yeah. It's not negative. It doesn't mean anybody's ugly to each other, but it's just at some point gets to be old. It's just like, because it's not natural. Maybe. Maybe I'll say it that way. Well, it's like, yeah, it's, it's just, yeah. Short term. Okay. Very short term.


I, yeah, only Like emergency. Yeah. This is not an emergency. This is just a, this is a money play. And so I personally wouldn't do it. I'm not mad at you guys if you do it, but if you do it, I would shorten it as short as I can make it. And that makes the, the shorter time you're there, the better the probability is. You get out of this with everybody's relationship intact and so, you know, get in and out and that means, yeah, I would stop my retirement and go crazy on saving for a down payment. Personally, Dave and Sharon, we moved into two big a thing when we first got married. I went back and visited my old elementary school principal, told her where I was living and she said, you're a fool.


Get out of there. You're spending too much. You need to go rent something cheap. And I listened to her and I went and cut my rent in half. We moved into a one bedroom and bought our first house a year later. And so, and that's even when we were broke. Doing stuff wrong.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal. And you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted Real Estate Agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Hey guys, I love summer, but do you ever notice how fast money can get outta hand this time of year? You know how It is. You wanna make all these great memories. It's so easy to just put your brain in beach mode and swipe that credit card. But then you end the summer saying, where the heck did all this debt come from? Look, I want you to have some fun. I just want you to plan for it with a budget. The EveryDollar budget app is the easiest way to make a plan for your money. And I'm telling you right now, when you do that, you'll see that a budget doesn't confine your money. It defines it, it puts you in control of where your money's going. So you can enjoy your summer without overspending or going into credit card debt. So go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play right now.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going. Your first step is getting a plan a budget. Our team's hosting a free budget trainings several of them this month. That's why it's trainings with an S. You'll learn step by step how to make a stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered. Live at the q and a. The q and a might be the most fun of the whole thing. Spots are limited. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Darla is in Tulsa. Hey Darla, how are you? Great. How are you Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? It's a pleasure to speak with you. You, I started following you. My husband and I started following you in 2005. We got totally outta debt, started investing and saving and we're both retired now and living with a million dollar net worth and Way to go. Enjoying life. Proud of you. You've been a blessing to us. Good work. How can we help today? Okay. My question today is I want to try to encourage my granddaughter who just gr graduated high school.


She's working, she's gonna start college in the fall. She's been taking some classes already, but basically wanting to help her get on a savings plan. And I'm thinking of doing some kind of map with her if she, you know, can show us where she gets saved. My husband and I You're breaking up. Can you speak direct into your phone? Yes. We're wanting to get our granddaughter on a, on a savings plan. Yeah. Yeah. Help encourage Her. She's 18 by Okay. What, what, how many grandkids do you have A match? How many grandkids do you have? Two.


And how old is the other one? Eight. Okay. Alright. Well, the only reason people save, the only reason people delay pleasure is for a greater good. So there has to be a target, a goal, an inspiring goal. A dream that is dreamed in high definition. So what is it this 18-year-old is saving for other than to please her grandmother? Well, she is going to be responsible for some of her own college expenses. Okay. I know that. All Right. She'd like to have a, a nicer car. Okay.


Other than that, we haven't really Okay. I, I would define the goal and then show her how you matching will help her get to the goal faster. But that needs to have a very concrete thing. If it's just throwing money into an account into eternity, it doesn't feel like it's attached to anything. It has no motivation to it. So if you say, okay honey, you got a better car. So what's your car now it's a $2,000 car. What do we want? We want a $10,000 car, so we need $8,000. Okay. If I'm matching, that means you need $4,000. How much can you save a month? Oh, I can save 200 bucks a month. Okay. How quick we gonna get to $4,000 then? Right. Because every time you save 200, I'm gonna put 200 with it. After you get to the goal, I'm not matching you till you get to the goal, but when you get to the 4,000, I'm making these numbers up, they may be different.


Sure. But whatever It is, honey, you save, you save towards as quick as you get to 4,000. And I'm gonna coach you and help you look at your budget so you can get there. And no spending, we're saving for a better car, we're saving for a better car, we're working for something big. We live like no one else. So later we can live like no one else. No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but it yields a harvest of righteousness and honey, the reason I'm teaching you to do this is the key character quality of people who are able to build wealth or those who are able to delay pleasure for a greater good. That's called saving. Yes. Okay. So I want you to build this muscle and I'm gonna help you. Okay. And only pay it. Don't pay it month to month. No. 'cause it just builds up in an account and then she's gonna come over and wanna buy a, a car half the price.


Right. Or, And quit early on the ski deal. We I was wondering how I could keep a, you know, an eye kind. Yeah. I want, I want her to play through Yeah. Whatever It is. I don't care what we're, but let's set a target with an actual dollar amount and then we can back into how many months it's gonna take to get there. And then you get to ride alongside her and coach her and go, when you wr get there and you ring the bell, I'm doubling it and we're gonna go out and pick out a car baby. Okay. Or whatever the thing, whatever the thing is. See Yeah, I could see how that was, would make quite a difference. And just doing it month to month. Yeah. And, and and, but the month to month is coaching and cheerleading. Yeah.


Right. And you earn the right to do that with your, the amount of money you're putting towards the doubling. Okay. So this is a matching gift. You know, and, and go ahead and put a cap, put an exact amount on it. Okay. It's not more than this. It's not less than this. Okay. Once we agree and my example, it was $4,000 'cause we're trying to get to $8,000. But that was an example. I don't know what the numbers are, but whatever the number is, that's the number you agree to. And, and if she comes up, you know, $500 short of that, she needs to keep working. And if she comes up $500 ahead of that, that means she's got an extra 500. Not I match an extra 500. 'cause I set, we set a deal and can and stick to that.


And, and then that enables you to do it for the next one too, because it doesn't get outta control here. But the whole time, the, the important thing is not the 4,000 match. The important thing is teaching her the principle and she gets the dignity of delaying pleasure for a greater good, which is a sign of emotional maturity. Whether you're 58 or 18, somebody that can put off, you know, can endure pain for a greater good. That's a big deal. It's hard to find people do that. It is. And I, I think I would only, it's great advice. I would only add that what I love about what Dave is telling you to do here is you're gonna find out what your granddaughter really values about savings.


And there are some people we hear debt-free screams all the time where somebody may take longer, they had a six month or maybe a year they fell off, they got started in the baby steps and they fall off and they realize, oh that was stupid. I need to get back on. Everybody learns at their own pace and by giving her this big goal that she's got and then saying if you hit it, I match it. Even if she struggles and falls off but eventually gets back on, I just think it's the power of focus. It's a powerful thing and if she falls off, fine, but this allows her to, to learn the process so that when she finally gets there, it's so much more valuable. It sticks longer. Paris is in Orlando, Florida. Hi Paris. How are you?


I'm good, Thank you. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Okay, so I have a $895, I think it's $45 car payment. Good lord. And yes, I am on currently on baby step two. And my issue is my car has given me issues. It's given me trouble. It's starting to get, you know, breakdown and I was thinking about trading it in. However, I am upside down. I owe 25,000 on it. I bought it brand new, the 2022 and I still owe 25,000. What Kind of car is it?


A Kia Telluride. What's wrong with it? Well I think the transmission is slipping and I, The car's three years old. Injection issues. Yes. The issue is my job requires me to drive a lot. So I have about 145,000 miles on there already. Wow. Yeah, but that kiosk transmission to go longer than 145,000 miles. Theoretically That's not a piece of junk car. That car should run. No It's not. Huh. So I was thinking about trading it in, but No, you don't need to trade it in. You got a mess.


You've been trading in enough. That's how we got in this mess. So you owe what on the car total? A little over 25,000. Okay. And it's worth what? 300? What's it worth? The last offer I got was 10,000. Okay, and what do you make? A little over a hundred. Okay. Are you single? Yes. Okay. How much would it cost to fix a transmission if that's the full issue? I don't know. Are you a rebel? One will be 75 bucks. Yeah. Okay.


No, you don't need, I mean if you need to get rid of the car, first thing we do need do is get it paid off because you have a ridiculous car payment and you're ridiculously upside down. So no, I think if anything you gotta fix the transmission. Keep driving it a while. If it blows out on you, you don't have AdChoices. You're stuck in this thing. You're so far into it. And you've got a crummy interest rate too, don't you? No, it's not too bad. It's like 4%. Okay. Not as bad as I thought. All Right. You got a horrible car payment. I know that. Yeah. Yeah. You have identified the problem and It is your cars, so don't trade again and make it worse. We need to clear this and so, you know, $25,000 in debt, a hundred thousand dollars income, no food, no eating out, no going on vacation, sell so much stuff.


The cat's hiding our scripture of the day, Galatians one 10. Am I now trying to win the approval of human beings or of God or am I trying to please people? If I were still trying to please people, I would not be a servant of Christ. Ronald Reagan says, I've been criticized for going over the heads of Congress. So what's the fuss? A lot of things go over their heads. You can see him doing it with a head tilt and a little wink. It's classic. Oh, classic Ron. He might be the funniest president we've ever had. Oh, I'm gonna go ahead and say absolutely. Of course we don't have any footage of Andrew Jackson. I bet that dude was funny When he wasn't mad.


Yeah, yeah, right. Joshua was in Lexington, Kentucky. Hey Joshua, how are you? Hey, I am good. How y'all doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? Oh, my question is about tax brackets. So me and my wife, we usually make about 80 maybe cost to 90,000 a year together. And I've seen a tax bracket, the other, the other day that showed if you make like above 97,000, it would put you in like the 22%. So I'm wondering if, because I can kind of control my hours and how much i I work, I was wondering if, if we get close to that, should I kind of aim for just below that?


Would that save money or No, that's not how it works. Does it work? These are what, these are what called marginal tax brackets. The first so many thousands of dollars has zero. The next so many thousands is at 1% whatever percent the next so many thousands is another percent. And so if you make a little bit over, if you have a bracket creep here and you go over the bracket, it's only the amount of money that goes over the bracket that is at 22. Not the whole thing. Okay. So if you make a thousand dollars over, only the thousand is taxed at 22. Everything else is taxed like it was previously.


Okay. I Got so never slow down working because of tax brackets. The best thing that can happen to you ever in our current system is to make so much money that you have the highest tax bill you've ever had. 'cause that means you made the most money you've ever made. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense because We don't have a hundred percent tax bracket yet. I'm glad you said that. It's not out of the realm of reality. Well, in current, in the current land we live in, I think we're okay. But you know, you never know when the socialists are in trouble or in power. So they put the rest of the capitalists in trouble. So All Right. Steven is in Nashville.


Hey Steven. What's up? Hey, how you doing Dave? Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? I I have a quick question for you. Hopefully pretty easy. My father-in-law and mother-in-law when he was younger, his, his dad went through and they had some type of investment account that they contributed to pretty much from when he was a little kid all the way up until he was 18 and a little bit on and he didn't get access to that money until he was about 25. But he got access at some to that money and then was able to pretty much almost pay cash for a house because it had been invested for so long and, and everybody just kind of pitched in as they went.


So this last Christmas they came to me and they said, Hey, want to do something similar? I don't really know what my, my dad did, but we want to do something similar for your kid. So their grandchild and I don't know, they pretty much just told me whatever you, you can come up with both sets of grandparents and, and us as parents and, and some, some of the other immediate family want to contribute to it. Contribute to it. He's a year old right now. So if we do that for, you know, 17 years or so, hopefully it'll be a pretty hefty sum there. So one I want to ask about what investments are they looking for? How should I set that up? And then two, when it comes down the road, I really don't want to, you know, give an 18-year-old, you know, if it's half a million dollars or something crazy at that point, how do I make sure that that is not accessed until he is maybe like 25 and then the tax implications and all that.


Okay, cool. Good question. Alright. If it's saved for college only or for education only, we of course would use the an ESA, an educational savings account or, or something along those lines. But I don't think that's the goal here. So you can sit down, you can Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Investor Pro, find a smart investor in your area that you like and sit down with them and they'll help you get that account open and explain to you everything about how it works. Exactly. The basic principle is this, a child under 18 cannot do contract law in any state in the United States.


They cannot contract for something so they can't open a bank account. Okay. If you open, if you open a kid bank account or a kid investment account, it's called an utma, a uniform transfer to minors Act, UTMA. And so anytime someone says, I have, my kid has a bank account, they don't, the kid has an UTMA and the UTMA is in the kid's name, but there is a custodian of the account. That would be you. Okay. The person that's in charge of the money until they turn 21. Okay. At 21, you lose 100% control of it, technically speaking.


Okay. And so it, and the income is taxed at their rate and unless this thing ends up with a million dollars in it or something, there's not gonna be enough income that it creates to be taxable. So you're probably gonna have no taxes on the account. 'cause the income it creates is not ever gonna be enough to really do anything. And so, okay. You know that, that's the, it's a very simple thing. You're opening an investment account and I would just put it in growth stock mutual funds. I'd pick out, what I'd do is pick out one good growth stock mutual funds. It's got a long track record and just open the account. Most of those require a thousand to $2,500 to start 'em. And then you can just throw money in whenever you want.


Or you can systematically have it withdrawn from your checking account and go in there. That is actually what we ended up doing, Steven, because the, the, you know, the, the, the current college savings programs weren't available when our kids were little. So we simply saved money in our kids' names. And the weird thing was by the time they ended up going to college, we didn't need the money for them to do that. So I just wrote the checks for college and then I was able to hand them that account after they got married and that helped. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm a farmer, so like I, if he wants to use that money for college, by all means I want him to be able to do that. But at the same time, I, so that was my other question.


So if it gets, if I use the, the specific one for education and he ends up not going to college, yeah. What happens to that money? It's gonna be taxable. The income, the income on, it'll be taxable. Not the amounts put in, but the income that it'll be taxable at that point. And so, you know, that, that's what we're looking for is that, you know, I, so I think probably the TMA is the best plan now at 21. It's his technically. And so I ran into this moral dilemma of if there's $200,000 in their name and they're doing cocaine, what, how am I gonna keep them from getting this money at 21? And basically I just made the decision as a parent, I would steal it.


Okay. Completely illegal. Okay? You can't do that. It's illegal, okay? But you can get sued by the kid and all, every friend the kid ever had and all that. But before I give a co my kid the money to overdose on cocaine, I'll just steal it and I'll suffer the consequences. The only other thing you could do is put it into a trust. I would not do that. That's what I had heard from other people, which trust. And I've always, you know, I've been listening to you for a while and you usually say, and it's, it's not the route to go. So That's why I called into, that's too crap. It's just too much trouble to deal with. Okay? This is a simple account. It's a mutual fund account. Got the kid's name on it, you're the custodian. If you wanna move the money from a, the mutual fund to a different mutual fund while the kid's going, you're in charge of the money until he turns 21, then it's his.


And I'll give you a p you know, the way I didn't have trouble with my kids was I didn't surprise them at 21 and go, Hey, here's a couple hundred G. No, we didn't do that. 'cause that's how you, you know, they hit the lotto and they lose their dadgum minds. So instead, you know, we start talking about these are your mutual funds when they were 11. And what you do with mutual funds is you do smart things. Like you Go to college or you buy a house or you do something like that. This is not really money to spend. It's money for your future. And here's how, and look here, here's how it grew. And we looked at the statements together when they were 12 and 14. By the time they were 15, they could calculate the value of the account. And so you, you just teach 'em as they go in that don't surprise them, and then you have a better result by handing it to them when they're 21.


Good show today, Ken. Thank you guys in the booth. Booth, boys, good job. That puts us out of The Ramsey Show in the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of peace, Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.