
Hey guys, this Christmas we're giving away cash. So enter the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway for your chance to win big this holiday season. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter now.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by my co-host Rachel Cruz. She's also the co-host of another show we do together called Smart Money. Happy Hour. The number to call is Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll talk about your life, your money. We'll help you take the right next step and we'll try to make it entertaining too. 'cause you know, life's too short. Yeah, Yeah. And money's fun. All this is fun. Yeah, we can enjoy this. The world is heavy and we're out here just making light of it all and showing you some, a path forward. Some hope. So, Jeremy's gonna kick us off across the border in Ottawa, Canada.


What's going on, Jeremy? Oh, just trying to keep one foot in front of the other. How about yourself? That's Right. My friend. How can We help? Well, hopefully with some answers to some money problems. But in a, in a nutshell, I uprooted my family and, and moved, ended up taking about a 65% pay cut and now everything's just starting to pile up and pile up. and I. I wanna know if it makes me a, a deadbeat father if I, if I move back to my old job where I'm making north of 150 K versus south of 50 K just to, oh gosh.


To keep all the, all the bills paid and food in the fridge. Well, What was the reason for you to uproot them and take this pay cut? It was clearly a big enough reason that you guys decided to do this. Just to keep the family together, be a little bit closer to my partner's family. They're, they're super close, but, Okay. And now you're realizing we can't sustain this financially with our lifestyle, our bills, and our much lower income. This is stressful for us, even though we're closer to family E Exactly. Is, are you in a, when you moved away, how far away are you from where you guys moved? 'cause when you said to go back to my job, does that mean move again to go back to the old job?


Or you could do something different with where you guys live now? It's 3000 miles and I was told if, if I go back, I'm going back by myself. Whoa. Like an ultimatum. Yeah. Does she understand what's going on financially at all? How, how is she feeling? Is she stressed about it? She knows that it's not well, but I am She is kind of blind to it and she, she just took a different job to work less hours too. How? Which isn't helping anything. Okay. When you say she's blind to it, does that mean that she doesn't have all the information or she has all the information, but the way she's processing it is not correct in reality?


I think she's just ignoring the, the issue. Okay. How much are you guys in the whole month financially with after everything's paid? How much, how much more do you need? I don't know. She doesn't tell me what, what her expenses are. Okay. So you guys don't have any finances combined? No. Are you, are you legally married or just cohabitating? Just we're, we're common law and we got two little ones. Okay. And bank accounts are separate. Do you guys Venmo each other for the mortgage? How does this work? I take care of the mortgage in, in one vehicle and she does the rest.


Okay. And she's not feeling the stress of this financially, just you? No, she She is to, because apparently she hasn't been able to, to make her minimums either. Okay. So it it's sounding more like a relationship issue. Jeremy, it sounds like you guys just aren't doing well as a couple in general. I don't know if money's the main issue. I think it's become a symptom of it, but you guys, it doesn't sound like you guys communicate well or, or have the same goals or, or do this life together very well. It seems very separate even from an emotional standpoint. Is that right? It's, it's getting there, that's for sure. Well, it sounds like you went along with this to appease her to be closer to family, knowing full well you guys were gonna be in the hole financially and I.


Don't know if you didn't make that clear or if she just was blind to it as you said, and just going, I don't care. We're making this move. We'll figure it out. That pretty Much, Well, there need, I don't know who your God is, but you need to come to Jesus conversation where you go, listen, you're clearly not doing well financially. I'm not doing well financially. This family's not doing well financially and life is too short to live with this kind of stress. So we're going to stay here. We have to make it work. And here's what that's gonna take. And that's when we lay out the finances together, get on a budget together and figure out what the whole is and how we're getting out of it. And that might mean you need to find a higher paying job. She needs to work more hours. We need to combine bank accounts. That might be some of the step, the Next Steps you take.


Okay. And if, if that doesn't work, like should I jump back out to, to my old jobs just so that I know that my kids are fed? I mean, that's the noble thing to do. I don't think it helps your marriage at all or this common law situation you have going on. So you're gonna grow further apart while keeping the kids fed. And so I'd rather keep The kids fed. Can you keep the kids fed though, where you guys are to be able to work on the relationship and get a higher paying job where you are? Or can you sell the car and make other sacrifices to cover your four walls? For now, The car's upside down by about 15.


Do you know what she makes at all? She's supposed to make 85 a year, but she has a habit of not going to to work. Wouldn't you get fired if I don't show up to work enough? Dave says, all right, we're gonna find someone else who can actually do this job. Well, She is works in healthcare, so they're, they're begging for people to, to work there. And what do you do? I'm in the construction. Okay. And so my, You, What were you doing before when you were making six figures? I was, I was working in a, in a mining industry.


And that industry obviously doesn't exist where you're at. No, unfortunately. Is there an equivalent or is there a better construction job up up the ladder that you can aim toward? I've, I've progressed up the, up the ladder in my company a little bit already. And the, the next step would be to become a supervisor. But that's at least a, a year and a half out. 'cause I've, I've asked my boss for more hours and if he would be able to give me, give me a wage increase and I, he just said that. I'm, I'm not there yet. Okay. So Jeremy, I think what it comes down to is you guys aren't paying your bills. I mean, what, what's happening financially?


There's an issue. So the adult thing is that you both sit down together and say, here's what it takes to run our household and we have to make X amount every month for this to happen. And we don't get to decide that. We don't feel like doing that. That has to happen. So either we're cutting our freaking lifestyle and taking everything off the table and doing nothing in order to feed the kids. Or we're gonna have to de decide different jobs. We're gonna have to choose to move back. Like we don't get to just sit and not make money and not pay our bills like that. Like we can't do that. So that's not an option. We're adults and this is part of life. And so that's one thing. But the other thing I'm very concerned about, Jeremy, is the relationship.


I mean, I mean I, it just, it, it sounds bizarre to me that she's so in the clouds that she wants nothing to do with you financially. Then she's made that very clear. My question is why, because long term, this is not a sustained relationship. You cannot live your life on two separate pages financially. Because what that is, it's an indicator of how your relationship is in general. And you guys are gonna just keep moving further and further apart. And you guys have two kids together, so it's worth the fight. But you first, from a tactical standpoint, have to get enough money in to pay the bills. Yes. And you both have to come to that understanding. And if She is so in the clouds and that, then she may not be a great partner long term 'cause she's probably in the clouds on everything else. So, so there has to be some big decisions that are gonna be really difficult.


But you both have to step up as adults and decide to face it together.


If you're like most people, your financial and personal documents are scattered all over, making it hard to find a specific account number or password when you need it. And even harder for our loved ones when we pass away. One key to having a healthy financial life is being able to access your information and knock box makes that simple knock box. NOK as in next of kin is a complete system that helps you organize your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. Knock box saves your family the trouble of tracking down random scraps of paper or hacking into your laptop. So don't add headaches to their heartache. Start getting organized today by visiting knock box.com/ Ramsey. That's N ok box.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Rachel Cruz. This hour phone call is, it's right there. Just pick it up, dial it triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. And if you get through the screeners, you'll be lucky enough to talk to Rachel Cruz herself and get some financial wisdom. That's George Kamel. That's my goal. At least I'm hoping to call in very soon. All right, let's get to our question of the day. Rachel. It's brought to you by Why Refi, Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch. And they give you a low fixed rate loan built just for you. Cherise K lowered her payment from two grand down to six 80 a month with why re Why Refi. So go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today to learn more.


That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states. All right. Today's question comes from SID in Nebraska. What's your advice about retired senior citizens purchasing a house between social security and pensions? My husband and I have an annual income of, of about $125,000. We have $200,000 in cash and a little over $500,000 in our IRA accounts. We are gonna buy a house for about $450,000. Should we take money out of our IRAs to pay for the house or keep it invested and take monthly distributions to help pay off the mortgage in less than 10 years. Ooh, This is like a little common core math riddle. It's very exciting.


Okay, so the house is four 50, they have some cash. 200 K so that's great. That would be a, a serious down payment if they took that minus an emergency fund and they could take some from the IRA and pay cash, but that would deplete their nest egg. So they would have to live off of social security and pensions for the rest of their life. That's right. Which we don't know how old they are, how many years they'll live. I don't have a crystal ball, But it sounds like between the social security and the pension hundred 25 Ks. Yeah. It's not bad. I could live off of that. Yeah, so it depends on, they live in Nebraska, don't know what the cost of living is there, but I I do like the idea of they could take on a mortgage 'cause they're paying rent right now either way. Oh yeah.


Totally. So if they could at least have a fixed expense of a mortgage and then knock that out over time and if times get tough, they have the money and they can leave the money invested. Let it continue to grow. Yeah. And seven or 10 years from now, let's have a goal to have no payments in the world. Yeah, I think that's it. I think you do still have an aggressive goal of paying it off because as quickly as you can pay it off, that's gonna leave those investments to continue to grow versus feeling like you have, in A perfect world, I'd say let's buy the house with cash. Right. Right. There's not a ton of that to go around right now. If they had a $3 million nest egg plus this Or I mean not even looking at $450,000 house. I mean if you're retired, get something smaller too. Do you need a three bedroom at this stage of life? Right. You can downsize.


I think that's the move. But I, I like the way they're thinking and I don't think there's a wrong option here but the goal is let's have no payments as soon as possible. Yes. It's great. Glad we agreed on something today Rachel. We got there. Always disagreeing George. Always disagree. Put so much disagreement. Alright, Amy's up next in Savannah, Georgia. What's going on Amy? Hey guys, how's it going? Pretty good, how are you? Good, thank you. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. I am looking for your top investment recommendations to a entrepreneur in her twenties. Ooh, Nice. What do you do? I have an online business. It's digital marketing based, but we work with influencers.


Oh that's great. And have multiple other online business ideas as well as a brick and mortar and wanna get into real estate investment. So just looking to set myself up well while we're young. Fantastic. Are you married? Yes. Okay. And what is the household income between what you take home from the business and 75? 75? Yes. Okay. What part of that is yours from the business? That, so we both work full-time for our business. Okay. So that's what we take home together from the business. Yes. Is It just you two working the business or do you have other employees? We have four other contractors.


Okay. On our team. Cool. And so what is your next goal? Do you guys have debt you're trying to clean up? Do you have savings you're working on or are you in that investment phase where you've already got those two Done? We're on, yeah, we're on step four. So we've got the emergency fund, we've got all the debt covered except for the mortgage. And so I really, you know, you hear all the advice, retirement accounts, life insurance, stock market, real estate and I just, I just want some narrow direction on where we should be investing. Yeah, well we have very simple instruction when it comes to investing and that's mutual funds and real estate. Yeah, that's pretty much all Dave Ramsey does. That's the only thing I've done.


Rachel May be fancier than me, I don't know. No, not fancier George For the same. So no, no requirement, no retirement account needed is that Well no You do Need a retirement's, No. Yeah, that's what's within the retirement accounts. Yeah. And you have options as a self-employed person that I want everyone to know. Yeah, if you're self-employed, you're a freelancer contractor, you don't just get to say, well I don't have a 401k so I guess I'll never invest. you have the option of a solo 401k if it's just you and your spouse, you have the option of a simple IRA or a sep i sep IRA. So those are some options you can look into and I'd be working with a financial advisor to figure out which one you can legally do for your situation. Yeah. So I think the goal Amy, for you guys is to invest 15% of your income into retirement. And so that's gonna look like from a business side what, what George is saying.


Yeah, there's SEPs, there's solo IRAs there, there's different options for entrepreneurs when it comes to investing for retirement. Then there's also just your traditional, like just a Roth IRA and anyone can open up that you can put in I think $7,000 a year per person so you can do that as well. So those are two great avenues to be putting that 15%. And then anything above that, once you guys are at a point that the house has paid off and all of it, that's when you can get a little bit more expanded when it comes to investing. So that's when you'd max still max out those retirement accounts. 'cause those are just great from a tax perspective, a lot of those grow tax free, which is fantastic or yeah, or real estate's another great option down the road and we, we always talk about paid for real estate, so it's not starting big and fancy.


You're actually starting pretty slow 'cause it's at the speed of cash And it's only after you've got your primary house paid off. Yeah, This is after Yeah, baby seven. Yeah. But for right now, Amy, that shooting for that 15% of your income going into retirement specifically is gonna be the best bet for you. Perfect. So what about like a separate mutual fund through Fidelity or something like that? Just like a Taxable brokerage account about that yet? Yeah, I wouldn't worry about that. I, you know, the, the wisest thing to do is to take advantage of these tax advantage accounts first, like the Roth IRA And then put extra money towards the house. Do you guys own a house? Yes. Okay. So I would put extra money to pay that off first before I opened up just like a mutual fund account. And then again, once the house is paid off, that's one thing Winston and I did.


We opened up a, just a separate mutual fund account that we just kind of had in there just to put extra money in, you know, if we had it. So yeah, so there's definitely those other options. That's more of a baby step seven item. Once you get the house paid off, then you can increase your investing and then those taxable accounts become part of your wealth building plan to maximize it. But for, if I was in your shoes Amy, I would just open up two Roth IRAs. Both of you put 15% in there, that's a little over 11 grand between the two accounts and within the Roth ira, once you have money in there, you have to actually purchase funds. And that's where we talk about those growth stock mutual funds. Got it. Okay. Yeah. And I'm, can I Ask you a real estate question? Sure. Yeah. So we've, we've purchased our first home in the forethought of turning it into a rental after the fact.


So what is your advice on advice, how long to live in it? Can we move out of it before it's paid off to buy something else? Like what would your recommendation be there? I wouldn't, I mean I would, I would get to a point that you would be able to cashflow the next purchase because Yeah, I mean, 'cause if anything it's, if you went and got another mortgage and had a rental, then the rental payment, you know, is, is paying the, is gonna eventually be paying the mortgage of your primary house. And so Just adding another layer of risk and headache and yeah, I'll tell you what I did. I just sold the house and used all of the equity toward the next one. Until you have that house paid off, then you can focus on cash flowing that next purchase.


So that's the simplest, most peaceful way to go about it. But if again, if you scroll TikTok, you're gonna see a lot of people going, oh my gosh, no. Keep it as a rental every time. Why would you let go of it? Yeah. and I and I love the question though Amy, because I think again, we're all for real estate investing, but I do think there is this like romanticized idea of having rental property and it's not that passive. I mean there, there is so much that goes into it. you have to deal with people, you're dealing with stuff breaking. I mean like you have this massive asset and if you don't have a lot of cash flow to cover some of those things, it just ends up being a real headache. And so again, the most peaceful thing to do is what I would do is yeah, roll all your equity into the next house.


And like Winston and I, which I know this is, these years aren't here anymore, but this was about a decade ago. But we got a condo, George for $44,000 in foreclosure. And this like simpler times this like cra but it was far out of Asheville. Crappy, crappy condo. We went and redid it and all of it and we kept it for about a decade and then sold it. So Like, and appreciate it. You can start really, really small. Start small. Don't feel like you have to go big. And again, it's not as passive as you think. It's a lot of work. It's A lot of work. Good Reminder. And if you want free guide, complete Guide to investing, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide. Anyone listening out there, it's our free guide for investing. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash guide.


Hey guys, George Kamel here for Delete Me. I saw a headline the other day that made me squirm one third of the US Population's background info is now public. We're talking 115 million Americans personal info out there in cyberspace for data brokers to buy, sell, and trade like Pokemon cards and data theft happens all the time. Data brokers get your info, like your name, address, phone number, even your kids' names. And then boom, it's available to online bad guys. But to that delete me says not so fast. That's because Delete Me finds and removes your personal info from hundreds of these data broker sites and they send you an easy to read report showing you exactly what they did and how much time they've saved you. What I love most is that delete me reduces the risk for scams for me and my family. Not to mention that we get fewer creepy ads and robocalls. So it's time to take control of your online privacy, their individual Delete Me plans start as low as nine bucks a month and you can get 20% off if you go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel. My co-host today is Rachel Cruz and the number to call is Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Well the holiday season's here, we've got something extra special to brighten your Christmas. You can enter the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway. Enter daily to increase your chances to win one of our $500 weekly prizes. Or that five grand prize, five grand grand prize. You like that? 5, 5, 5. That's a tongue twister. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. And while you're at it, don't forget our 50 days of Christmas deals. You can save up to 30% on gifts that will give hope and life change to everyone on your list. We're talking about books like I'm Glad for what I have from my friend Rachel Cruz, or my book, breaking Free from Broke on Sale for the first time.


And other Ramsey fan favorites. These deals will help you stay on budget while giving gifts that matter. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. Let's get to the phones. Lindsay's Zep next in Louisville. What's going on Lindsey? Hey guys, how are you all? We're doing well. How. can We help today? Good. So I have a quick question. My boyfriend and I have recently moved in together and we've been together for about a year now. I'm very early on in the baby steps, so I have about $700 in my thousand dollars fund. Good for you. And yeah, it's a big deal. So I have about 30 grand in debt and this was all accumulated before we got together.


He has his own debt. I don't know all of it, but it's definitely not as much as I have. My question is, do I focus on my debt alone and he focus on his debt alone or should we combine these and tackle them together? I just don't know what's right. So keeping them separate is what we would recommend because you guys aren't legally married, so combining finances to someone that you're not married to can get really messy really, really fast. Okay. So yeah, I would definitely keep it separate. So I would work two completely separate baby steps. So you have your 700 with your debt, he has his, and then if you guys ever did get married, then you would combine it after you say I do, rings are on, good to go combine it all and you, you can work out one account.


But yeah, what we have found, Lindsay, is just that you know if or when you know a breakup happens and so much of either his assets, your assets end up getting entangled with each other and you're using your income to pay off his debt, he's using his income to pay off your debt. And it really, from a individual standpoint, you've made no progress or or or less progress than you would've made if you had just worked on your own if something were to happen and you guys separated. So, so yeah, that's what we would, we would say Can I ask a harder question, Lindsay? Yeah, absolutely. One of you guys getting married. Well, we have talked about it. It also is kind of weird because I just got out of a 15 year relationship and, well not recently, but you know, a while ago.


And all of our debts were combined. Like his debts were my debts, you know? And then because were you Guys married? Were both separate. We were, yeah. Yep, Yep. Totally. Yeah, it was just a little different. I was like, man, what if something happens and we're only paying off his debt and then I look, you know, I'm coming out behind. That's right. Yeah. There's, there's a thousand things that could go wrong with this situation and that's why we recommend just waiting. You'll have legal protection, you'll have the marital unity of going, all right, it is we now, it's our one account, our one pile of debt. And that, that is the best way. When you get to that point, you will find that it does accelerate, but now is not the time to do that. So if and when you guys get married, combine and we hope both of you are on your journeys and keep each other accountable.


Is he on board with this plan? Yeah. Yeah, we, and we've been kind of flirting with the idea separately obviously for about three years. and I have This thing, I think you can make it a competition, you know what I mean? Like No, that's great. That's actually a great idea. 'cause everything's a competition. How About this? You pay yours off first. He's gotta pop the question. If he's serious about this, My gosh, determin on the, He pays his off first. He has to pop The question, George, don't listen to that Lindsay. I'm kidding. But yeah, don't let debt hold you guys back from getting married either. That's another thing that comes up is they go, well, we wanna wait, we're debt free to get married. Get married when you feel like it's the right time to get married. And the debt will take care of itself if you guys are on the same page. Awesome, awesome, awesome advice.


I do have one more quick question. I already know the answer to this, but I just wanna see what you guys think. Okay. Tell us the answer after you're done. Because I'm curious. I have about, okay, I have about 20 grand in student loan debt. I plan on going back in January. Obviously I don't wanna take out more debt to do that. So I'm guessing the right answer here is to pay out of pocket. Yes. Why are you going back? What are you getting back? What, what kind of degree? It's a social work degree, so I'm going to be a therapist. I have two years in. I need pretty much two more to even be taken seriously. Four more to actually get anything done.


So yeah, that's kind of my thought process. What's it gonna cost? Ooh, that's a good question. I'm going to university so I'm sure it's gonna be up there. There I went to in Denver for one semester and it cost me 10 grand just to walk in the door. So, Well, I would caution you to make this as affordable as possible. 'cause I dunno if you know, but like social workers aren't, aren't, they're not out there flexing with their crazy high income. So I don't want you to go spend 50 grand to go make 35. Okay. And so if you're going to even cash flow it, find the, is it the only way? Is it the best way? Yeah. As our friend Ken Coleman would say. And if that means an online program, a community college, they really don't care where you went. They just wanna see that you did the work, you got the experience.


Okay. Okay. That's great advice too. thank you guys so much. Absolutely. Thanks Lindsay. We helped at least one person today, Rachel. We're off to a great start. All right, let's move on to Stefan in St. Paul, Minnesota. What's going on? Hey Rachel, how's Yours? It going Great, how are you Doing Great. Hey, so a little bit about me. I am 20 years old and I still live with my parents outta high school. I went into trades and I currently work for a solar company where I do day-to-day operations. And I'm the designer as well. So I guess my question for you guys is, you know, I'm at that stage where I would like to move out and I have a good chunk of money saved, but I'm wondering if I should wait another year or two and put a big, large payment on a house, or I should move out now and slowly save up and wait till the time is right to buy a house.


I mean, we're, I'm usually more on the side of moving out. And now if you had a very, very specific goal with a very specific timeframe saying, you know, maybe you had $15,000 in debt and you're like, I, if I, you know, I'm working three jobs, I'm gonna pay this off here, but I'm saving money on rent, but in six months I'm moving out after the debt's paid off. Like, if there was like something that was more specific for you, then maybe considering it, but, but the fact that it's just to save up for a down payment on a home, I don't know. There's something to be said about just living on your own and, and figuring out life. There is a a something within your character that changes when you have to be the one responsible completely.


And now that you're an adult and you're working full time, you're making great money. I think it's just, I think it's better for you to be out on your own. Now you're 20 years old, so you're still pretty young. You're not, you know, oh yeah, 20 eights or 30, 32. I Moved out at 20. Stefan. If it, it gives you any, you know, and I moved across the country, finish school, all that. But in your shoes, I would think it's wise to rent. It's kind of like, you don't wanna go for your first car when you're 16 and get a Lamborghini. It's just too much car. The maintenance is too expensive. You're not prepared for it at that age. So similar to becoming a homeowner at 20, I would say it's a li it's a lot going on right now when your frontal lobe is still developing and you're trying to figure out life. But it's a great way to stair step it and go, all right, I know how to pay bills on my own, still having to take care of my own life.


There's a sense of independence. There's a maturity that happens and that's why I think it's wise to rent for a year or two or however it takes. But To move out though Yeah. Before You, so I would say, yeah, absolutely. Move out. You're out of debt with an emergency fund. I currently have about, I currently owe about $7,000 on my car, but I worked a side hustle over the summer and I'm ready to pay that off at the end of the year. Awesome. That would be my goal. Let me get the debt paid off, let me get a little savings going to prepare for, you know, the deposit that's gonna be required for rent some furniture for my own place. And then I would say, mom, dad, it's been awesome. thank you so much. Yeah. But I, yeah, and I would have a, I would have a money goal between now and February if you decide to move whenever you're deciding to move, have a goal of a amount you want and a timeframe.


and I think it would be very mature of you to sit down with your parents and say, Hey, here's my plan. Ooh, yeah. You know, I'm gonna be here for for four or five more months. My plan is to save up this, I'm gonna pay off my car. And just give them the dignity as parents to be like, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm an adult and I'm, I'm moving off and well done mom and dad, thanks for all the help. And I'm a man now and I'm making my own money and living in my own spot. I'd be teary-eyed if I was that parent going. I Did a good job raising my son. Stefan. Stefan, We're cheering you on, man. This Is awesome. I know. great job. What a, What a fun rite of passage to move outta the house and get your own place. Even if that's renting. It's the wise thing to do. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ Ramsey.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel joined by Rachel Cruz this hour. And a very special yes, some would call it a cameo. Ken Coleman joins Us. I like what you Did there for this segment. A cameo. This is what we call a callback. So you guys took a call on The? Ramsey Show. Yeah. And it became legendary. Dave reacted to this call and we got an email from them back and we wanted to give you guys an update. So tee it up, Rachel. Yeah. So we got a call when Ken and I were on the show probably a few months ago. And it was a mom who got her daughter tickets to the Taylor Swift concerts. And she was like, well if she sold those tickets, now she could pay off all of her student loan debt. What should we do? And I'm like, you go to the concert, I mean like, like, like you'll live once, this is insane.


Go to the concert, you can't get tickets for it. If you got tickets, you go, you figure out the debt later. You didn't go into debt for the concert, but the tickets already bought. Just go and enjoy. And then Ken over here became a swifty and said the same thing. Go In The content. I was shocked. Shocking. And you were shocked. Well, here's the deal. I asked one quick question to the lady. She said if we sell 'em, we'll make somewhere in the 10 grand range and we'll put it towards it. and I said, are you, were you planning to spend that amount of money outta your own pocket to help your daughter with her student loan? And she said no. And then I said to Rachel, shock, I think I go make a memory with your two daughters. Wow. Life is short. Yeah. And, and she acted like I was the Grinch who got a heart. I Couldn't believe it. All of a sudden.


So then I'm shocked the comments on YouTube were like, it went viral. Like well, and the comments were like, Dave would never give this advice. They're giving the wrong advice that Dave. So then when Dave was on the show, we later we played the clip because I was like, Dave, you tell America were we wrong? And he agreed with us only because it was a gift. What a bi bizarre world from the mom to the daughter. Yeah. And he said, you can't un undo a gift. You can't like make her now sell it now. He said, if your daughter called me, then maybe I would make her sell. But I think match. But I think we do have a, Do we have a clip we can play James. Okay, let's see. My daughter is 22 and she just graduated from college with some student loan debt. And about a year ago she was able to get on the presale and buy three tickets for her, our, my older daughter and myself to go to a Taylor Swift concert in Indianapolis.


We got 'em for like $209 a piece. So now I'm seeing these resale. Oh, It's crazy. Oh, it's crazy. It's insane. Yeah. And so I told her like, why don't we sell those tickets and you can knock down so much of your student loan that you'd be so far ahead. She says, absolutely. It's non-negotiable. It's a bucket list item. She's like, probably you Rachel a Swifty. And this is, you know, and it's Her money. It's a lifelong No, it was my money. Oh, okay. It was my money. So I paid for them. But you know, I mean this is, and for me too, I'm looking at like, you know, she's iconic. I would love to go to her concert. My daughter of all the people that she could take, she wants to take her sister and me. You know, I mean, that's great. It's gonna be a fun thing.


Oh my gosh. What would your, what would your take be? What Rachel, now walk us through, what do you think you could make on these tickets? I'm thinking that it would average out between 3, 3, 4 grand A ticket. Easy Per ticket. Per ticket. Per ticket. So her student loan debt is 24,000. Correct. And that's what you would wanna put the money towards? Absolutely. A hundred percent of it would go to there. Would you be putting 9,000 plus dollars towards her student loan if you hadn't bought these tickets? I would not, I wouldn't resell these tickets. Here's the deal, Jill, you weren't planning to, to, to cut a check for $9,500 to put on your daughter's student loan ever.


I was not. So my whole point is, is that this, this is like A windfall, right? If I, if if 9,500 fell into my lap, I might do that. I get it. But this is your daughter's. Yeah, it was. It's a once in a lifetime concert. Oh yeah. I, I Agree. You go Jill, go to the concert. You weren't gonna do this anyway. and I think your daughters had absolutely no way. and I think it creates an unnecessary tension. She's 22, she needs to pay the thing off herself. Anyway, there's a lot of reasons I want our audience to know. I'm not just, I, I just think when I look at something like this, this is about the emotional not to find. There we go. Oh Man, Beau.


I mean that's some common sense wisdom right there. And here's the update. Jill emailed back in. We got this yesterday. This a sweet note. Can I read this email? Yes. Yeah. 'cause I can't, I'll Cry. Okay. That's true. I was pretty amazed that my call question garnered so much discussion. And the follow up with Dave and Rachel was great. Love that. I wanted to send an update because we went to the indie concert this past Sunday and it was just as amazing an experience as Rachel indicated it would be. Taylor Swift really puts on an impressive performance. And the crowd and energy was fabulous. I had a wonderful weekend with my daughters. Like Ken advised I made great memories with my daughters. I'm attaching a couple photos. You're seeing 'em on the screen. If you're watching on the app, you YouTube. Well look at This one. Read what That says. And look at this bracelet. The the friendship bracelet that is now Taylor made famous.


What's this say? Ken Ken. Ken says make memories and I got choked up. When I read this the other day. I did Did You ever think that you'd make it to a Taylor Swift friendship bracelet? No. And it wasn't about that. That's actually like a really cool bucket List thing Though. It's Yeah, but it wasn't that I was included in that. It was that I had a little teeny tiny really fun and entertaining small infant infinitesimal play in that mom making memories and I Just think that you don't know If you have tomorrow. and I. Think I got choked. Yes. 'cause I got one little girl. Yeah. and I, if Josie said, dad, take me to Taylor Swift, I'm gonna go deliver garbage. I'll, you know, I might steal something. Who's ordering garbage? I'm just making the point.


You do. And you would do it for a little meal. A hundred percent. Come on. I got a little chokey. So it's little dusty in here right now. What Is the, the tldr r SparkNotes here is, she didn't go into debt to do it. She did not. It was a gift. Yeah. Her, she wanted to, daughter wanted to be generous and make a memory. Yes. And because that the tickets, the value of the tickets went up So high. I think there's a lady in the front row that's a little cry. She is She is crying. Is She is you Crying? She, I think she's laughing at you. Ken. Oh, you're not Crying. Maybe She is, you're Kind of laughing at me. No one knows she was Crying. I think she was. See she made. Wow. See that's Special. I it was A sweet thing. I know. And, and I think we turned Ken into a swifty by accident through this all I know. I Don't even know what that means, but Sure. Oh, you are Ken. My daughter is Deep in your heart. I think you're there. Yeah.


Because it's always the tension on this show when we talk about money that we say you live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. And so that's a good point. This mom was debt free. The mom was responsible financially. She had the cash to pay for these tickets. Like she did nothing wrong. I mean, nothing that we would say like, oh my gosh, you shouldn't do that. But her daughter on the other hand, right, is the one with the student loans and all of it. but it was a gift to her daughter. And again, it's this tension between we want to be wise financially. You wanna get to a place that you financially are at peace. you have a solid foundation under, you don't have debt, you have an emergency fund. Like we take care of it. We are adults, we're gonna be wise with our money. But then on the other hand, hear me say this, and all of you that have listened for a long time and are on baby steps 4, 5, 6, and seven.


Enjoy your life. Enjoy your life. And everyone's like, oh Dave, you know, saves all the time. Dave. Ey doesn't he? He saves. But Dave spends, he Ain't meeting Rice's. Not More. Dave, Dave, Dave parties like, I mean he's a, he is a spender. And that's what we want for you too. We want you to be at a place Yeah. Where you have the money and you can enjoy it Down downshift from the gazelle intensity to intentionality budget For it. Yeah. The Ramsey, the Ramsey message is not, oh my gosh. We're gonna have to find coupons for every single purchase for the rest of our lives. 'cause we have to just save a ton and we're gonna just die with all this money. And we never enjoyed life. No, it The opposite, George, we're opposite to you by the way. I know. I felt that It's opposite. That was a personal attack. It's opposite. Enjoy it, enjoy life. Enjoy some, enjoy Life, enjoy Also using a coupon.


Ugh. No, you enjoy counting your money. Oh My God, you're Thes love's Ebenezer Scrooge. You're not a mean person, but you like counting your coins. He likes to split appetizers at restaurants with people. Guys, We what? This is not about me. I'm like, there's a point people, this is, there's a point that we need to just relax. Yeah. And enjoy. That's relax To get your appetizer and buy the Taylor Swift ticket. You, you know what your advice would've been if you buy any memorabilia or merch. Sell it afterwards. I probably would've said, Said that George would've Sold the tickets. I would've said sell the tickets. Invest in a good gross stock mutual fund from 22 to 62. And you, is that really What you would've would've said in that situation? No, No. I probably would've been on Team Ken and Rachel and said begrudgingly Yolo. Because you know, it's the recipients.


You can't even, then you gotta throw a begrudgingly on there. Well, it's the recipient's deal. She gets to do what she wants with that gift. If she wanted to sell it and pay off debt or do anything else, that's up to her. Absolutely. Absolutely. By the way, I do wanna point out that at the very end of that segment, you can go back and watch it on YouTube. And it was also on, I think Rachel's Instagram and she yeah, collabed with me on that one. But I finished with a, a lyric from 22. That's impressive. And the, and the mom said she won Will And she followed Up. She, what was it? It was something I Forget but it was a really Down bad at the jokes. Yeah. I thought I was gonna be, I thought I was gonna be a cool host and dropping a lyric. And then mom came right back and Rachel was so happy. I don't know that I've ever gone to commercial break where she was so emotionally just overjoyed, Fulfilled, yeah.


So much fulfillment in her face. You gotta watch the clip. For those of you that were listening who played that, you gotta watch her. She's so excited and scared. I Wanna see you guys communicate and Taylor Swift lyrics and that's one true I Couldn't and one of the joys of happiness, and they've found this scientifically proven. Arthur Brooks talks about this. Yeah, you actually can find joy when you spend money on experiences with people that you love. It brings actual joy to your life. So, so George versus buying George. Let's book a guy's trip. I'm in. He Just talked about how you didn't have a lot of friends to travel. I know. You, me, Delony Taylor Swift. No. Oh, See it was great. Now you're talking until you said that Didn't know where you were going with that. We'll Go canoeing with James. Next time you guys host a show together. You, you better be wearing friendship bracelets too. Yeah, let me guess we're gonna go hunting and kill stuff.


No thank you. I'll take Taylor Swift. This has been The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I'm Ramsey Personality George Kamel. Joined by bestselling author and co-host of Smart Money, Happy Hour Rachel Cruz. And we're taking your calls at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. You jump in, we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Alexis will kick us off in Phoenix. How can We help Alexis? Hi. So I am a single, well I'm not a single mom. I'm co-parent and I currently make $50,000 before taxes. So I bring home about 40, 38 to 40,000 after taxes.


And my problem is I have $3,500 in Bills monthly. But my paychecks, I bring home $3,000 a month. So you know, I'm always $500 below what I need to pay my bill. So I didn't know if it was smart to stop paying my personal loan or to stop contributing to my 401k. Like I don't wanna hurt my credit. But at the same time I'm like maybe it's more important to, you know, tackle the bills that are non-negotiable. Yeah. How much of the 3000 is debt and how much of it is just bills for lifestyle? All of, so all of it is Bills the 3,500 that I owe monthly.


All of its bills. My rent is, I pay 1800 for everything in my house. My car note is like 534. Car insurance is 200, health insurance is one 50. Yeah. So it all adds up to Sure, Sure, sure. Okay, so tell me the, the debt specifically. So your car loan is how much total? 30,000. 30,000. And you pay how much a month? 534 34. Okay. And then what other debt? You said a personal loan? Yeah, I have a couple of personal loans to consolidated it. So I have 1 2501 and I have a couple of credit cards. So altogether that's another 10,000. So I'm $40,000 in debt.


And then just like my, my the bills that I have. Okay. Or 40,000 in Debt? Yes. Okay. So how much is the payment for the personal loan? The 2,500. 300. 300. Okay. And how much are you paying in credit cards every month? I actually stopped paying, well one of them is 50. I pay $50 for the small credit card, the $500 credit card. The other two ended up going to collections. Okay. So I haven't been making any payments on that. and I, I would been thinking about just letting the other one go to collections. I'm just, you know, only credit. Yep, for sure. Okay, so yes, I would stop contributing to your 401k for sure.


I would stop any retirement savings. I would press pause on that. So I would call your HR department on Monday and make sure that no more money is taken out. What Percentage is that or what's the monthly amount that's taken out? $80 and then they go up to 6%. So they're matching me to, I contribute to 4% they contribute to, Okay. Alright. So if we pause that you'll get 80 bucks back in your life. Here's what we're doing the math for. We're trying to find you margin and there's two ways to get it. Yeah. Spend less and make more. I think we need to do both. And this car, Alexis, it it is, it is way beyond what we would recommend. We always say that you want anything with motors and wheels to be half or less of your annual income and you're making, you know, 50,000, you have a $30,000 car, you have too much car.


So I would be getting rid of that. Yeah. Do you know how much it would be if you sold it Kelley Blue book it? No, I, I just got it this year. I got it in February. Okay. So it 2024, I don't know, but I know I'll be upside down. and I ended up having to get the car because the one that I had, I had to look, you know, a little 2016 wasn't the best car Alexis like the a and b car. but it was Can I, let me, yeah, I wanna show you something about your language that has gotten you to this point. You said I had to, okay. Nobody has to get a $30,000 car Right Now. I understand that you didn't have the money to pay for a car in cash, but it's these kinds of decisions where we take that off the table, we start to go, okay, what car can I afford? Well I could afford a $7,000 car if I save up 500 bucks a month for the next 12 months.


That kind of decision and process will help you get to the point where you no longer ever touch debt again. Because if you think about it, this car payments is exactly the amount of money you need to stay current on all of your bills every single month and break even. So yeah, I Right. and I would, and, and Alex, I would do a private sale To get the most money for It. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't like trade it in a dealership or anything. And so if you're, if you're underwater on it, then you will take another small personal loan and you can add a couple of thousand dollars to that loan as well just to get a car to get you by. But again, I'm talking about like a really crappy, not great car. Like something really, really, really, really cheap. Like five, six, $7,000.


'cause I would rather you have a $10,000 loan than a $30,000 loan right now. So, so if You're underwater by five, let's say it's only worth 25 and you owe 30 then, and then you're gonna buy one for five, well that's a 10 grand delta we need to find. And so that's where Rachel's saying, go down to your credit union, get one personal loan so that we lessen the debt and get you outta that payment. Yes. And then what's the situation with your, with your kids? You said you're co-parenting. What, what is it, what are like, what are your weeks look like? Are you, do you have the kids every day? Are you split custody or how does that, how's that working? Yeah, I have her four to five days a week. But it's, it's, you know, we're very flexible. We don't have like a set, a set schedule.


Okay. But he does, he is very involved. Like he, he has the baby ones if I ever need him to, however. Okay. Okay. So yeah, 'cause I mean, I, if I were you in this position, I see a way out, you're able to, you're gonna be able to get out of this set, even though I know it feels overwhelming, but if you think about it, if you go down in car and we'll pretend your new loan is 10,000. Yeah. you have some credit card debt, but then the, that's gonna be 12,000. How much is credit card debt do you have, did you say total? 10,000. Okay, so You're cutting your debt in half just by getting rid of this car. Yeah. And that's gonna get you outta debt twice as fast. Yeah. I definitely thought, I'm definitely open to it because I definitely thought about it. I just didn't know how I was gonna, you know, eat up the, what I was over in.


But like, I Guess either you have it in savings or you need to get the difference in that personal loan and it doesn't. Do you have anything in savings right now? Not as of this month, no. I ended up using it all. Okay. So your next goal, your A one, is number one, keep food on the table. So your four walls need to stay covered before any other bills are paid. So your food, utilities, housing, transportation, and if that means the bill can't get paid for the credit card companies, whatever, we'll deal with that later. Then beyond that, you need to get a thousand bucks saved really fast to cover those little ankle biter emergencies. And then Alexis too, sorry, I know we're throwing a lot at you, but your rent, you're bringing home 3000 a month and your rent is 1800. So that's more than half of your, of your, of your take home pay.


So I, I don't think that's sustainable. That's gonna be a really, really hard hold to climb out of in a sense. Versus if it was, you know, a thousand bucks. Right. and I know that rent and more like the housing situation is, it's Less in your control. It's so difficult. So, so difficult. But again, for a season for two years, right? Like it's not gonna be forever. But for two years, finding something that is way cheaper is something that, that I would look into too, because it's either getting your income up or it's gonna be lowering your expenses. And that's a, that's a glaring expense that I see that's not from a ratio standpoint is gonna be really difficult for you to get ahead with keeping that more than 50% of your income going to, to rent.


And so for now, right, Alexis, that might mean that you get a side hustle that brings in 125 bucks a month and that, I mean, 125 bucks a week, that's 500 bucks a month to keep you afloat, to cover all the bills. Yeah. That might be what's necessary in the season on top of working, getting your core Income up. And, and, and I would say still on top of moving, would you George? I mean, I, I wouldn't, If you can find a place that's cheaper Yeah. Might be a little further out. Not as nice. But, because I would hate to have a side hustle just to keep your living expenses afloat. 'cause the goal is that your income keeps everything afloat that you need your four walls and anything extra is going at the debt. And so again, I think it's gonna be difficult to do that with that $1,800 rent payment. So I would look really hard, Alexis, for somewhere cheaper.


I hope that helps. Are you working the baby steps?


One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com


These days, the internet is chockfull of so-called Investing Advice from Random Goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz. This is The Ramsey Show. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. We're heading to Tampa next to talk to Corey How. can We help Corey? Hi there. thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? I'm contemplating selling my small business to accept a job that would increase my total income to try and get out of this debt that we're in as quick as possible. And I'm just trying to make sure that I'm doing the right thing. Okay. How much debt are you in? Right around a hundred thousand before my mortgage. Okay. And what kind of debt is the a hundred thousand?


Let's see, we got 35 is allocated towards the small business. It's a, it's a food truck. So that was a startup loan from friends and family members. About 30,000 in student loans, 10,000 to fix the ac and then about 22,000 and or no, 25,000 in vehicles. Okay. And what is this business worth if you were to sell it? I would estimate around 42,000 to just sell the trailer. And then I also have a truck that I bought to use with the business that I could potentially let go as well.


What's that worth? It's worth right around 13,000 and I owe 18 five on it. Okay. So you're about five grand underwater on that. Okay. So you would get 50 5K essentially for selling this business? Correct. And you'd need another five to get outta the underwater loan and you're about a hundred K in debt, so this gets you outta debt twice as fast. And what's the household income now? Right now my wife just got a promotion. She makes seven or 67 before bonuses with potential 12,000 in bonuses. I make about five 50 at a part-time job a week.


And then the trailer, we really don't take a paycheck from it. I just, whatever profits at the end of the month, I throw at debts, which is averaging between, you know, 2030 500 a month. Okay. So altogether you guys make about a hundred KA year Roughly. It's, it's not including the trailer in any way, shape or form, seeing as how I don't take a paycheck from it. Yeah, it's, it's closer to like 85 to 90. And what's the new job, Cory, that you're looking at? I would be taking a chef position at the part-time job now, which would get me up to 73 guaranteed with a potential 12,000 bonus as well.


Amazing. For the food truck itself, is it something you would go back to doing after, like if you were completely debt free, would you still keep this, keep doing this or are you getting burned out? Well, I kind of burned out on it, been doing it for about two and a half, three years, working seven days a week, you know, 70, 80, 90 hour weeks and just, it was never supposed to be the end all be all. It was supposed to be a stepping stone towards a brick and mortar location and it's just looking like the reality of it. It puts it, you know, 5, 6, 7 years down the road and I just don't think that I could put my family through that hardship.


Yeah, totally. That's mature of you. Yeah. and I think, I mean, I think you're listening to your gut and I think you're, you're seeing kind of the tea leaves of what's happening, which I think is really smart. Corey really, really smart. Especially when you're talking about the food industry. We've gotten calls of people that go straight to wanna go straight to the brick and mortar and take out a massive loan. And the food industry is one of the highest ones that, you know, the highest parts of, of small businesses that goes up and it goes down and it clo it closes more than any other industry. Yeah. It's just a re and, and as you experience with the food truck, it is just a, it's a tough, it's a tough world to be in. It's a a lot of work. A lot of work. And again, not always with the guarantee that it's gonna be successful.


So being a chef somewhere I think sounds like the perfect next stepping stone. You're Gonna get a 50 grand raise while getting rid of half of your debt And you're still doing the thing you love. You're still able to, you know, be in that world of, of cooking and food and hopefully innovating, get an experience. Yeah, I mean like to me this is kind of a no brainer, honestly. 'cause I don't know, you kind of get to still live your dream but not have to deal with owning anything right now. Right. So yes, I would, I would do it. I'd try to get top dollar for your trailer and the truck. And do you have anything in savings? We have right around 2000 in our emergency savings, and then I have about 2000 cash that just kind of floats around for expenditures.


Okay. You may wanna wait another paycheck or two, get that 5,000 difference that you're underwater on so that you have the money to actually get rid of the note on that truck. Okay. And that way you're not having to take out another loan to clean this up. And then I take that new job, man, and I, I would clean this mess up. You're probably get, I mean you'll be making what, 150 k household at that point? Roundabouts. Yeah. You know, it's so 50 debt, Four of it's not guaranteed, you know, so it's, there is a little bit of a fluctuation on it. Sure. And then, you know, I'm making about 150 with 50 K left to pay off that's gonna get knocked out real quick. Versus your situation now, which is we make 80, 90 with a hundred to pay off the, the math ain't math on that one.


So we do need some drastic changes. You're willing to do it, you're burnt out on this. And guess what, later on down the road you may decide to do this dream again, but you're gonna do it with cash, with more experience while making more money. And so I don't want you, I know it's, it's hard to grieve something that you put your heart and soul into and I can tell you're passionate about it, but there's also wisdom in going now's not the time. Yeah. And you know, we've, we've just ran found Dave Ramsey and your whole system a few months ago and we have made considerable progress towards our debt. We, we always lived all of our debts from three years previous. We haven't gone into any debt in the last three years. We were just paying minimums and then we read, you know, total money makeover and we've started trying to get out of this debt.


We're still struggling with the budget somewhat, you know, I feel like there's still more room for cutting some expenses, but it is just, you know, been a little bit of a struggle. Yeah. And, and just to give you some, some hope and I mean, you guys have just been doing this a couple of months and even with the budget, we, we say it usually takes about three to four months to really get in the cycle of doing it and, and it actually be correct that you can live on. So you guys are just starting out. And the fact that you're so gung ho about it, I'm like, you, you're gonna make great progress, great Progress, and the budget is easier to do when you have less debt, more income, the numbers will start to give you some hope instead of going, oh my gosh, how are we gonna fix this puzzle? And so we're wishing you the best, Corey, appreciate the call.


Yeah, and you know what, hold on the line Corey Christian will pick up and we'll give you EveryDollar premium for a year on us. And this is our budgeting app that hopefully will help get this a little bit more organized. It's a very, it's a great app because it, it's very fine tuned. Like you get to see all the Catters it all. Yes. All right, let's go to Kathy in Boston. How can We help Kathy? Hi. Hey, what's your question? Okay, I'm 67 years old and I'd like to retire in three years. and I do have money in stocks and bonds and mutuals and I'm not sure if I should keep it there or if I should maybe switch to annuities or IRA CDs. I didn't know what the best way to go.


Well, I mean, switching to annuities and, and I, RRA CDs, you're talking about really lowering your ability to make any money and so you're just sort of preserving what is, and you know, if you're 67, there's a good chance you live to 87 if you're in good health, right? Yes. And so I wanna see your money grow beyond the rate of inflation. So what is your money in and how much? I have approximately 250, 200 15,000. And that would be like stock bonds mutual because I have it in three different places that kind of manage it. Okay. What else? No, No. I do have, I get, have social security. Okay. And then I work and I work.


Okay. So what's your plan to actually retire? How will you cover your expenses in retirement? Just with my investments in the money I have and of course my social security. What are your monthly expenses? Oh, let's see. And then maybe, maybe 1600 a month maybe. I mean 2000 would be way overkill. Okay. And what's your social security payment gonna be? 2100 after tax. Okay. Oh nice. So that's enough to cover the baseline bills for now without more inflation and I would leave your money invested in the market. I wouldn't go to, you know, search for a 4% return when what we've seen in the market.


I just checked my 401k last year, Kathy, 37% return when I just left it in and didn't touch it and left it in the overall market and gross stock mutual funds versus those less risky but lower return things like those CDs and annuities. So I would stay on your plan. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful fannon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward, or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost This season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Folks, the Ramsey Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000. Enter our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Kamel. Joined by my Smart Money Happy Hour co-host Rachel Cruz. If you like this show, you'll definitely like Smart Money Happy Hour. Go check it out on The Ramsey Network app or wherever you get your podcast, as well as YouTube.


So you've been hearing us talk about the budget that really is the key to creating margin with your income, spending less, making more, making a plan for your money. EveryDollar is the best way to do it. You can plan your spending, track your expenses, say for what matters most to you all in an easy to use app that fits into your busy life. If you've got a spouse, they can be signed in and have it on their smartphone too. So go check it out. Go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play. Or you can click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast.


Stacy's up next in Atlanta, Georgia. How. can We help you today? Stacy? Hey. Hey. Well my problem is my husband was outta work for two years. He invested in something that just didn't work out and so he had to go back and get a job and we put all of our life savings, everything retirement, everything into it. So, oh gosh. Stacy. Stacy. Yeah. What happened? How much are we talking and what was this investment? So He actually invented a product and it's still underway and EPA just kept putting it back and putting it back and putting it back. So it's kind of stuck with California's EPA And he just thought it would be like, oh, this will be a five year plan.


Me, I'm more a realist. I'm like, this is gonna take at least 10 or 11 years. Well, I was right and it's not fun being right. And so he had to get a job. He's 61. Nobody wanted to hire him and he was a smart guy. Somebody finally did hire him. He's making 135,000 a year. Good. And how much money did you guys take? How much money went into all of this? We put a million into it. Wow. Was this cash or did you take on debt? No, we took everything out. Yeah, but House. So you still owe a million dollars in debt? No, no, no. We don't. Thank God we only owe, he, we only owe $80,000 in debt.


We have a house. It's Did he borrow in the house at all? No. Okay. No, we kept Those separate. Oh, Stacy, I'm So when, how long ago was this? Oh, well we've been in it for about 10 or 10 years. 11 years. Yeah. So over the course of that amount of time, is it added up to a million? You were just dumping money into it. There's nothing we can get outta this. Well He, he would, he put a million in and, and then they would pay and you know, he was trying to pay and had investors and everything. But people dropped out and it's just, it's been a shit show. I'm so Sorry. So what's your income? Are you working? So I, I have always been a stay at home mom.


I had raised my kids. I had a special needs child who they said no one ever would graduate. But we actually got him to where he has a skill. He's a welder now. So that's Huge. Good for him. Yeah. Yeah. So, but all my efforts were put there. So at one time I was capable. So your household income is now 130 5K. You owe 80 K in consumer debt, correct? Yes. Okay. What's your question? In the house, we own the house. House. Is it, is it outright or do you guys own, do you guys owe anything on a mortgage? We own it. We own, we owe 375,000 on it. You owe that. Okay. Yes. And so of course we've thought about moving, we tried to figure out where to move and God, the housing mark is terrible. Yeah.


Where we're at. And so we're trying to figure out that I am working part-time. I'm actually in my spare time an artist. So I sell pieces for like $3,500 a piece for my art. But there are a few, you know, it's one every two or three months that's, that doesn't cut it. Sure. And I have applied to over 314 places. 12 interviews and repeat interviews only to not be hired. 'cause nobody wants 55 year olds with no health education. So I just need to know, do I get a consolidated loan and put it all So I, because interest rates are killing us and I'm optimistic, I wouldn't give that Consolidated alone isn't gonna solve any of your problems. You're just moving the debt around and they're gonna take an average of the rates.


So it's not really going to, you know, work any miracles here. Your best bet is to use this 130 5K income you have, live on as little as you can and throw the rest at this 80 K until it's knocked out. Just keep going and at it and it will, you think it'll make a dent? Because I, Yeah. Well here's the good news. If you use the debt snowball method, smallest to largest balance, ignore the interest rates. I know that's hard right now 'cause you see how much you're paying, but as you knock out the little debt, you free up a payment. Now take all the margin you were throwing at that, throw it at the next smallest debt, you free up a payment and you see that as you, you know, go downhill, the debt snowball's gonna pick up more snow. Stacey, How often can you paint? Because when you said I can sell a painting for 3,500, I mean that's, If you can sell one a month, that's serious income.


Yeah. I mean, I'm not kidding that that makes you Well I know, and I'm trying to desperately to get there. I have literally, you know, I've, I've tried to build my own website on my own. Did it, you know, I've been doing this. I'm not good with social media. I'm not a Well get connected with your local art communities, art Galleries and I. Yeah. And 50% Do you have paintings sitting, do you have paintings sitting, waiting to be sold? Oh Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. So it's not a matter of like, okay, gotcha, gotcha. Maybe you could sell prints. I mean there's a lot of options in the art world where you could make some good money and it, you're sounds like you're talented. Yeah, I It's just In the jobs you're applying For. I'm not an entrepreneur. Yeah, Yeah. No, you're good. Safety I think.


Yeah. Yeah. What kind of jobs have you been applying for? I'm just curious. Has it just been, Oh my gosh, you name it. I've applied for, So even like administration type roles. Everything. Everything. Literally. I mean, everything. And You know what you could, I mean, have you looked at online type jobs? Like, I just wonder even for like, as a virtual assistant, like usually moms that have raised kids can get c crap done. Like they know how to schedule, they know how to run a household. So I even wonder from like a virtual side, you could do a virtual thing and paint and try to kind of get that going. Yeah. I have not, I haven't done that.


I have not done that. The virtual assistant. Yeah, I would, I would look into something like that. 'cause a lot of people you haven't even pieced together a couple of jobs. 'cause some people just need someone for 10 hours a week, you know, and you could get, you know, two or three people that, that you're helping. And then on the side, how old are your kids? They're they're grown now. The youngest is still, he's 21 and still living at home. But we're working Do you have 20 something year olds? Yes. Do you have a daughter? No. Okay. Daughter-in-Law. Well have, have ask your son. We have, we have no family. But Well, well I was gonna say, well I'm thinking from a social media perspective, ask one of your sons any of like their girlfriends that they know or people like friends and jump on the phone and learn some of this.


I'm not kidding. Like this is, and you don't have to grow this like crazy account, but getting your, your paintings out there. 'cause Stacy, I really think that $3,500, that's a, I've got 450 followers right now. Oh Good. I'm trying, I'm trying to work toward 500. 'cause then I can start getting payments for like affiliate, you know, advertising. Sure. But you See that these are the ideas when you start coming up with not what's the next piece of debt we can jump to. 'cause you're gonna get outta this, but it's gonna, the only way out is to get out, not to switch it to a different type of loan with a slightly lower interest. You guys are your best bet to get out with this amazing income. And that's just gonna mean getting to work and living on less. Yeah. So do a budget with your husband tonight and go, what can we live on?


How little can we live on outta this 135 so that we can get outta debt fast. And considering you guys have no retirement, Stacy, you probably will be, you guys probably will be working for the next probably 10 years or so. So we're gonna give you Ken Coleman's material, his assessment. Yes, Yes. Find the work you're wired to do. It comes with his get clear career assessment. Yes. So Take that and it's, and it's awesome because it will, as you fill it out, maybe spark ideas for you from a, from a work standpoint that could just kind of get your wheels turning on other opportunities to get some income in. 'cause I think that's gonna be your best bet. And, and I'm, and I'm so, I'm so sorry that this happened. I mean, I, I know you guys are adults and you guys made the decision and you're reaping the, you know, the consequences of it Wells.


But it's really hard. I'm, I'm getting your journal. Oh yes. Good. Im getting your journal because I'll that in there. I'll throw that in there too. I'm gonna go bitter. Yeah. I I about all this. and I would too, Stacy, I would too. But you guys Yeah. As a couple. You know, I mean that's a, that's a hard, it's a hard pill pill thing to grieve, to swallow. It's a hard pill to swallow that you guys, but you know how to save. You guys had a million dollars at one point. Yeah. I mean, so obviously, you know, I know we'll make it. Yeah, you will, you will. Well hang on the line. We'll get you Ken Coleman's material in my contentment journal and we'll get that out to you, Stacy. but it is, it's, it's, it's a little bit of the grind and it's that, that, that pill of bitterness of like, man, yeah, what did we do? But hey, that was in the past.


That's right. And now you get to choose, choose a different future. I'm choosing hope and choosing confidence. Yes. Don't say who's gonna wanna hire a 55. I would wanna hire Stacey. I want Stacy. She sounds very hardworking and talented. And so you get back out there and you show 'em what you're made of Stacey. And call us back when you guys are debt free. We can't wait to celebrate with you. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Hey folks. Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise. Now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me. The Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th. 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruz.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm George Campbell, joined by Rachel Cruz. Open phones at Triple Eight Eight two five five two two five. You call in, we'll help you take the right next step for your life and your money. Dan is up next in Chicago. How can We help Dan? Yeah, I'm a a, a pastor and I been most of my ministry. I've lived in a home that has been provided by the church and I getting ready to retire. And my wife and I kind of feel like we need to buy a, a modest home in order to, you know, perhaps gain a little bit of equity and protect us from, you know, rising rents and things like that. That's Wise.


I'm sorry. That is wise. I like that man. Why it's no, it's wise. Sorry. There is wisdom in that Dan. I like that. Okay, so you wanna, you wanna buy a house when you retire next year? Yeah. How much money do you guys have? Well we we're gonna have about $2,000 a month after the Medicare deduction in social security. We've got about $350,000 in a 4 0 3 B account and we don't, we've got $50,000 cash. We don't have a, any debt. Just didn't know what the right move for us would be. Would it, is it better for us to go ahead and spend the money on rent or is it better for us to try to find a home that's doing it in our price range and then take on a mortgage?


Well I'll give you the good news and bad news. The great news is you're gonna retire with no debt and an emergency fund. The bad news is you don't have much money to put into a house as a down payment to be able to afford the mortgage. 'cause you said your income is gonna be fixed at two grand a month in retirement. Yeah. Plus whatever we withdraw out of our three, our 4 0 3 B And the 4 0 3 B at three 50, I mean it's not a massive nest egg that's gonna last us, you know, 30 years. And so how much money can you guys save in the meantime to get a down payment while you still are working? Well I'm planning on, we're saving right now about $1,300 a month. Okay. and I, I'm planning on working, you know, another 10 or 12 months.


Yes. That'll be close to 15,000. Yeah. I mean have you looked at homes? I know it says Chicago on the board where you're from, I guess a suburb of Chicago. Have you looked at homes and what they're costing? Yeah, we're really in a small town about west of Chicago and we feel like we can get a, a more than an adequate home for us for oh you know, in the 1 1 41 50 range. Okay. Yep. I would sit down tonight and you know, pull up the mortgage calculator and say, hey if we put let's say 50 down into a house we had a hundred thousand dollars mortgage, what would that be monthly?


'cause my concern is if you're living off of 2K and you're probably not gonna be able to pull a ton off of that 4 0 3 B while it's sitting at this stage at three 50. 'cause you, you would decimate it if you took out 150 from that 4 0 3 BI mean that's a large part of your nest egg that you've unplugged from future compound growth. And so I would sit down to see does it make sense to rent, can we rent for, you know, seven 50 in our area versus the mortgage being 1200 bucks. That's the kind of math I'd be doing to see how can we live off of this income. 'cause it's not a lot of income to live off of just considering the two grand plus a little bit from the 4 0 3 B. Yeah. Okay. But you wouldn't say it to rent long term though, George. No. Long term I'd rather have you in a house.


Yeah. But right now it's just, there's not a ton of money to, to throw into the house and, and just purchase it with cash without just using up No, yeah. All of your retirement. And you may not have to purchase it in cash. He could put a down payments, He put 50 down, took a hundred thousand dollars mortgage. Yep. Yeah, I doubt the payment would be astronomically high. But again, if you're making two grand and the payment's a thousand bucks, that's a lot of your world just eaten up by the mortgage. Yeah, well I didn't know, didn't know what my options were. You could You work longer if you, could you do an extra year? Oh I could. Yeah. That's, there's not, I'm not under any pressure to retire or anything like that. I might just, just to give you guys a little more wiggle room. Allow your nest egg to grow, allow you to get more cash for the down payment.


That would give me some more peace personally. Okay. Because you guys could get close to, I mean if you guys saved for the next two years, let's say you could save up to 30 grand in just that cash flow that you're, you know, living off of. Plus the 50 that you have that gets you close to 50% of a one 40. Yeah. Mortgage. You know what I mean? So like your, your math is it, it can compound pretty quick if you, if you do work maybe one more year. Yeah. and I, if I were you in your shoes and I would sit down with a financial advisor who can kind of crunch these numbers for you. But I wouldn't be comfortable taking out more than a thousand or 1500 bucks a month out of that 4 0 3 B because you guys might have another 30 years ahead of you that you need to live off of this.


Right. And so that's where the numbers coming from. Yeah. How much are your expenses a month, Dan, for you guys? How much do you guys spend the month Right now? Probably about, I don't know, 28 to 3000, something like that. Okay. Okay. So yeah, so I think what George was, you know, saying that 3000 and and That's without paying rent. That's right. That's right. So then yeah that's 4,000. Let's pretend that the mortgage was a thousand dollars. So that means you'll need 4,000 a month. And so you get the 2000 that you were saying comes in from social security and everything and making sure that you can withdraw again, that we're just speaking on, you know, round numbers here. Just napkin math would say, you know, taking out 2000 outta that nest egg every single month, you'd probably run outta money while your expenses may be going up later in life.


So that's my concern. I don't want you guys to be down to the wire every single year. That's not the kind of retirement I want to have. And so that's where we were saying pause, work longer, keep stashing away in that nest egg stash money away for the down payment and then see where you're at a year or two from now. Okay. Alright. Well yeah, I appreciate your, your advice. Yeah, I hope that helps Dan wish you The best in retirement For sure. And that's, you know, that's a common issue that we hear with people that do ministry and housing is provided is they're like, oh my gosh, that's great. I don't have to pay for, you know, rent or a mortgage and then you get to Dan's age at retirement age and there hasn't been any intentional saving towards a house. Yeah. And then you're kind of stuck, right?


So if you're in that spot, here's right, here's what I would do if I was in your shoes, whatever you would be paying market rent, I would take that amount and put it away in an investment account. Yes. For as long as you have that career so that when you do retire you go, oh my gosh we have 400 grand just allocated for housing for A house. 'cause eventually yes, you go Buy a place In cash and always remember that your housing line item in your budget is usually number one the most expensive and number two the most volatile because rent especially will always be going up. That's what we've experienced right. Over the last few years. Like it continues to go up. It rarely if it never goes down and so, but 20 years from now Dan's rent might be four grand. Exactly. I dunno. Exactly. So if you like just say, well I'm never gonna buy a house, I'm gonna just be a renter for the rest of my life.


Well that's one expense in your budget that's very expensive and we'll continue to go up. It's variable versus saying I'm gonna buy a home and I'm gonna work to pay it off. That's why it's baby step six. And we actually met somebody at the break, George, she just paid off her house on Tuesday. Yes. And someone else had paid off their house that was here for their 40th birthday. It was two in a row, two houses in a row that were people paid off Their house at very young ages. Yes. And so that's the beauty is that line item again is is out of the budget. So retirement has a lot more flexibility. That's right. When you get that house paid off going into retirement. Yeah. So that's the goal Rachel, we've got a really funnel assessment on the website right now that helps people figure out they're, if they're staying on track with the baby steps. So you can take a quick quiz to check your progress and received a personalized plan just for you.


So here's how you get the get started assessment. Go to the show notes of this episode, the description, click on the link titled Are you on track with the Baby Steps and you can complete the quiz. Yeah. And this is always helpful because especially if you're new to the show, a lot of people find us on podcast or YouTube and been listening just a little bit. You know, they're to know kind of where you stack up against other, other people, you know, other people, other Americans, but also against the plan just to kinda know where, where am I? Like how do I even start this process? It helps you really kinda get a baseline for it. and I think that's always helpful if you're, you know, money's an area for some people they don't really think about. you have a plan, they don't really plan. Yeah. There's, You have 17 things at once. That's Right. Yes. But so to get actually a concrete idea of, okay, this is exactly the next thing I need to be doing.


It's a great tool. So make sure to check it Out. Can I tell you one of my secret gear grinders? Oh, I can't wait. When people say, so Rachel, we've been doing the baby steps just out of order and I go, well then you're not doing the baby steps If you're investing and trying to pay off debt and saving and you bought a house while you're in debt. I'm like, don't say you're doing the baby steps out of order, just tell me you're not doing the baby steps. Tell me you're personal investing. Just a personal little, little, Little grudge there, George. Yeah. You just feel that, You know it's rare that I'm bothered by something. I'm kidding. Well George is not uptight at all. No worries. Don't call it uptight, not tightly won High standards. Maybe we're Gonna unwind them. Enjoy this Friday. Hey, We'll do that after this hour's over for all of you listening to the show on YouTube or podcast.


It is about to end, but you can listen to the rest of the show. We got more to come over on The Ramsey Network app. You can finish the show in a distraction free experience. So go check out The Ramsey Network app in the app store completely free and you can catch a whole nother hour of this. So don't miss it. Click the link on the show notes or go watch the rest of the show in the app for free. We'll see you over there.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show about Bing. Bye. A b Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.