
Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll get you in. I'm Ken Coleman. George. Kamel is with me. We are effectionately known by many of you out there, certainly on social media as the root beer float. And George believes he's the root beer and I'm the vanilla ice cream. I take issue with that, but that is why. Depends on the day, depends on the day. We'll see what happens. So we will see what happens today. I can tell you this, he and I actually do enjoy being together. And. we love coaching people up, but we try to have fun while we do it.


So this is not your boring money show, I promise you that. Robert starts us off this hour in Los Angeles, California. Robert, how can we help today? Hey, Thanks for taking my call. I really appreciate the, the time I was calling because I had a family member recently request a loan from me and the amount of about $20,000. Ooh. And so I started digging into it a little bit and it looks like they got suckered into some type of investment. I hesitate to say scam, but it looks like they have lost about $60,000 and they are requesting this loan in order to be able to withdraw the funds.


The, the brokerage that they are working with has said that they need about 30% of the amount that they've put in in order to allow them to withdraw the $50,000 that is, or $60,000, excuse me, that is locked up in that account. Yeah. That's Not how It works. I'm just calling because Yeah, That's a complete and utter scam. Yeah. So what'd you say? Well, I, I, I said I, I wanted to look into it a little bit more. And so we, we dug into how the, basically how all the accounts and everything were connected together and it ended up getting paid out of a crypto wallet. And so there's no way that you can basically file for fraud claims.


And I just, I, I feel horrible, but I I, but they're still kind of under the impression that this is gonna be okay if they just put in another, another 20 grand. And I just, I just can't, I don't know. It's just, so What's your question? What's Your question for us? I mean, should I, should I give them, I mean, it sounds like a scam. No, do not give them a a dollar. What do you think? What do you think? What was your answer before you called us? Well, it's just, I, I hate saying it. I hate saying no to family and I just feel really bad about it. and I don't like lending money to begin with. And you, I've got the money to Give. And, and yet you're feeling bad about this.


All you need to say is, no, no, I'm not doing that. How close is this family member? It it, it's a parent. Oh boy. Oh geez. Well, if it's my parent, it's a very different conversation. No, it's not. Well, it's, it's much more, Hey mom, dad, no, I will not allow you to be a part of this scam anymore. If it's a cousin, I'm going, Hey, you do you, well, you be, I appreciate that, George. But you can't say that to mom and dad 'cause he can't allow them to do anything. He can say, I am not going to participate in this because this is an absolute scam. And what you're asking me to do, mom or dad, is to burn $20,000 and I did my homework on this.


This is a scam. I'm not going to give you $20,000 to be completely ripped off. The answer is no. I'm so sorry. I'm happy to walk you through my answer on this. But don don't think it changes. The answer is no. 'cause then you're gonna resent them. Do you wanna resent them? No. I, I really don't. I I, I just don't know how to respectfully, I, I mean I really wanna respectfully talk to my my parents in, in a way that, you know, helps them. but it just, I mean, it Really, I just told you. Yeah. Was that too harsh? No, I, I I think you're right. It's just, I think Respect need to hear from somebody else. The respect is, the respect is as you explain to them, I love you too much to see you continually get scammed.


Yeah, but, but, but wait a second. I appreciate that, George. But no, he gets scammed. If Robert gives them 20, oh yeah, he's getting scammed. The money part's gone. We're not even dealing with giving dollars. But he wants to be respectful. I feel like you're more respectful than I am. George, don don't know. Feel like I laid it out there. I'm trying to think if my mom or dad was going through this. I would have a real hard conversation. What would you say to your mom and dad? I know your mom and dad. They're nice people. Very kind. I would say you can do what you want. You were grown adults. But I know with a hundred percent confidence, this is a scam. Right? And you need to cut your losses now before you continually lose money. I don't wanna see you guys in to points state and as to the $20,000 they asked from you, well, how do you address that?


I will not enable this behavior and I don't wanna be a part of this scam. 'cause if I give 20 grand to then gets disappeared to scammers, now I'm complicit. We're back. I'm accomplice. Yeah, we're back to square one. So this is not gonna be fun. Do you think they're going to, are they going to be angry with you if you don't give them the 20 grand? I mean, we've, we've had a couple conversations about it. I think the issue is, I I I make a fairly good income right now. and I, I have about, about $125,000 a year income. I've got the money and they know I have the money and they, they've been out of work for a little while and I just, I feel horrible because I think they, I think a lot of this is on credit.


don don't know how much of the money that they've put in is, is on credit, but in order for them to, I imagine it's somewhere in the $25,000, $30,000 range. and I don't know how they've, they've managed to pull that off. But I just, I just feel horrible and I'd like to help them dig out, but I just, Okay, so way, the way to is not by giving money. And you didn't answer George's question. Yes or no. Are they gonna get mad at you if you tell them no, But I I hope not. I hope not. I don don't, don don't think it would ruin the relationship. Okay. But it is a question I have for a little, let me switch gears real quick. 'cause George is a little bit more adept at this stuff. At least I think you are. It's very kind to assume that. thank you.


I don't know why I'm thanking you, Robert. Listen in here. Is there a way for Robert to get on the phone with this, with this crypto company and just kind of play a little John Wayne here. Like, Hey, I'm the son and this is what my mom or dad are, is telling me this is a scam. I'm coming after you, I'm gonna blah, blah, blah. Is there any chance that he at least gets on there and kind of says they're not giving you money. Give them the money they gave to you. Give it to 'em, give it back. We don't, you don't need another deposit or whatever this this weird deal is. Yeah. Is that even a worth a college try? I feel like it's, I don't know that scammers would be very complicit in, in allowing, oh, well nevermind. As soon as you pushed a little bit.


Well, I think he's gonna have trouble getting in touch with anyone. I doubt there's a phone number to call. I doubt there's an email that's even get in touch with these people. Robert, what do you know? Having done some research on these folks? Yeah, so having looked into them a little bit, it looks like there's a couple of ways to get in touch with them, but most of them are encrypted messaging apps like WhatsApp or, So it's not legitimate if it's on WhatsApp, you're a scammer. No legitimate company says, Hey, reach out to us on WhatsApp. Yeah, that's a great point. All right, well, so much for that. I was trying to give you some hope. Yeah, but you, I would do just some digging on the internet and find out stories of people getting scammed from this exact company. I would file a complaint with the ftc. Yeah. CFPB, all of the legitimate agencies that deal with these kind of scams.


P, B and J Don't P, B and J even. Right. Report it to 'em all and then say, Hey mom, dad, listen. This is not just me talking. I'm trying to spare you from more harm to your financial life. And if it hurts the relationship, you know the old famous quote, choose guilt over resentment. I'd rather you be guilty that you didn't give than be resentful because you gave and you saw them continually. Yeah. Burn holes in their bank accounts. That's tough. You know, George, I, I feel so bad for his parents, been outta work for a while in the get rich quick schemes. This is desperate. All of this happens. They're looking for a way out and they think this'll be it. They said if I give them 50, they'll turn a new a hundred. Right? And it's gone.


Heartbreaking. I'm so sorry, Robert. But you can't control the people. The best you can do is warn them with all the data and passion that you can.


If you're desperate right now financially, get my boy George's book Breaking Free from Broke. Get it right now. Ramsey Solutions dot com. It'll help guard you from this stuff. Please. He warns you. He'll take care of you. But if you're broke, hang tight, get George's book. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant online quotes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. I'm alongside the one, the only George Kamel. He's without comparison folks. That's just all I'll say. Wow. And he is our resident money expert today. He'll help you figure out what to do with it. I'm gonna help you earn more of it. How about that? So you got the guy who wants to help you make more money and the guy who tells you what to do with the money. That's quite a combo Winning team. And I, see you got one of your nicer jackets on today. It's a sportsman varsity jacket I think is what they say. Is that what it's called? don Don't know. I thought I was hoping you could tell me that's No, that's no varsity jacket. Got it. It's missing the leather sleeves and the Letterman. Do you even know what it means to letter in The sports? I never made the team Ken. I think that's pretty obvious.


I know no one is shocked by that at all. But we still love you George. thank you. And you are our coach today. So where's the whistle? Let's get you a whistle and, and, and a hat. I think whistles are obtrusive. They might be. Jim is up, up next in Little Rock, Arkansas. Jim, how can we help today? Hi, how are you doing? Yeah, I'm calling because our church is expanding. We're adding onto the building, taking out a loan. Our church collects decent offerings every week and month, but they want some guarantors to co-sign for the loan. So How big is the loan? The loan is gonna be about 3 million.


And what kind Of the church offerings are? Yeah, tell me about those church offerings. The church offerings are about 15,000 every week. The loan amount would be like 17,000 a month. But So they want you take personal risk. Yeah. For a $3 million loan. A few, a few of the members, they're asking a few. Are you, Are you on the leadership team? Yes, I am. Well, how do you feel about this? I'm, I'm not at peace about it. That's why I called to be honest with you. We have some people that have done it. Yeah. Wouldn't some people that have done it, I wouldn't do it.


I'm, I'm, I guess I'm just kind of shocked that they would ask that. I agree. That's a very uncomfortable position to put you In. Yeah. The church should never have to ask individuals to be guarantors on that. If the church can't service that loan, don don't know what they're thinking. So yeah, the reason they need the guarantor is 'cause the lender doesn't believe the church has the finances to pay the loan. That should be red flag number one. Yeah. Waiving To win. And number two, if I am part of this church board, I'm gonna say what will it take to cash flow this through, you know, a giving through the church. Who's driving this? Yeah, who's driving this, this, this expansion idea. Is it, is it the pastor?


It's, it's combination pastors and leaders. Yeah, but I mean, come on. Who's the real cheerleader? You know the answer. Who is it? The pastor. Yeah, That's what I thought. Yeah. He needs to cool his jets. The answer's no, I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. And by the way, you felt that way before you called us. Yeah. I'm just calling for some confirmation. I just to make sure, because Your gut's right. This, this is a, listen, I come from the church world. I was raised in the church. My dad was a church planner. My dad didn't do what this pastor's doing, but I've seen it, you know, growth is exciting. Hey, we wanna do this. We wanna grow and, and I believe the pastor's heart's in the right place, but he's got building fever and it's an easy thing to happen.


And it's just like anything else. He as a pastor is not immune from the idea of being tempted, you know, to to buy a bigger house, George, or to buy some land and build the dream home well before you're ready to do so. Yeah. He's not immune from that. And that's what this is. He shouldn't be putting pressure as a leader on people in the church to personally guarantee what the church needs to handle on their own. So that's for that reason. George, we're out. We're out. So there you go. Let's go to Morgan in Cleveland, Ohio. Morgan, how can we help? Hey, how's it going guys? Good, how are you? I'm great. thank you so much for taking my call.


I recently experienced a pretty big increase in my income. I am a student and I've moved from an hourly wage to kind of a higher salary and I'm a bit overwhelmed about what to do with it and how to manage it responsibly. I was wondering, If, you have any advice for a student on do I buy a house or invest or, I have no idea what to do. Wow. Congrats. so what were you making and what do you make now? So I was making, the most I've ever made is about $20 an hour and my new salary is $210,000 a year. Whoa. So you hold On five x your income, you went from like 40 grand to 2 10, 10.


Tell Us really quickly, in 20 seconds what happened. I'm a law student and I just got really, I got decent grades and I landed a job basically. Nice, Good for you. So you've, you've been, you've already taken the firm job, you got the big job. So this will be for next summer. So I'd be a summer associate, but after that, hopefully a plan is that they hire me back. I've pretty consistently, they hired those individuals back and they train you over the summer. Okay, So I will receive this prorated. Yeah, next summer. Okay, so it's a prorated. You're not, it's not like you've signed on and you're now gonna be making 210,000 over the next 12 months.


I will after I graduate. So that'll be in a year. Okay, gotcha. So it's locked in. Okay, Gotcha. But you know, this is coming that potentially a year from now you'll five extra income and you're going, what do I do? Wow. Yes. Do you have any debt from law school? No. I was very fortunate to have a good scholarship. Wow. Good for you. Well you worked your butt off for it. It wasn't luck. I appreciate that. thank you. That's awesome. So no debt at all. No debt at all. No Carlo, no credit Georgia Charge than an apartment. How much fun are you gonna have with this Catapulted your future? Do you have anything in savings right now? Well, I have about a hundred thousand in savings.


Who Are you? Is this a prank call Morgan? Be Honest. Yes. Morgan, are you a real person? I am actually. I wanted to thank you guys because my parents actually, I'm sure they would be shocked that I'm calling the show right now, but they listened to Dave Ramsey growing up and the whole show, they like went to his event. They wanted to thank him and got the opportunity. Wow. so I will thank you. Well this works for them, but The best Thank you is is following the plan and living it out and changing their family tree. And your parents have done that. You're doing that. Wow. A hundred grand. Saved no debt. Absolutely. They paid off their house. So they wanna thank you as well from them. Wow. Look at That. Incredible family. Okay, so if I'm in your shoes, my next goal would likely be to purchase a home once I have that stable big income.


so what does your living situation look like right now? Right now I'm in an apartment. I pay about a thousand dollars a month. I'm right next to my law school blockable and yeah, that's about it. Is the firm in the same area where you're going to school now? It's not. I will have to move. I have a place rented out for the summer already that I've paid for, for next summer. But that's about a thousand as well. Thousand a month. Awesome. George, what I was gonna suggest here, and I'll stay outta the way here, let you keep going, but I, I wonder if she doesn't rent for at least six months, maybe 12 months, once she lands in this new metropolitan area or wherever she's getting, Even if you wanna rent for two years and continue stacking up cash depending On how big a home she's gonna get.


Yeah. I don't know what your area's like, but I mean, how cool of a goal would it be to say, I'm gonna keep living how I've been living and this extra, you know what, 150 grand I'm gonna just sock away into savings and after two years I'm gonna have a few extra a hundred grand. Well I think that's what I'm wondering is I don't, I mean, I know nothing about houses. I've never looked to buy a house. I don't know if that's a terrible idea. I should be investing and just keep living kind of frugally. Or The good news is you can do both I don. So in, in the baby steps you would be at baby steps four, you could call it three B, where you're saving up for the home down payment. And many people choose to invest that 15% into retirement from their income. And so you can do that now depending on what you know, retirement options you have through your employer, you could always open a Roth IRA and fully fund that through your income.


And then as you make more, that 15% chunk gets larger. You know, 15% of 200 grand is way more than 40. And so as you do that, you're gonna continue to build wealth. Any money beyond that, let's stack away in a high-yield savings account and maybe get a house in the next two years. And maybe you could even pay cash. Yeah, that's, that's an overwhelming thought. But, And here's the deal. You don't have to do this alone. If you jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com, click on trusted services and you can get connected with a real estate agent that is Ramsey trusted, that will help you walk through this home ownership journey. And I think that's the next step for a young gal who's crushing it. And beyond that, enjoy some of it. Give some of it.


Yeah. And I, I just wanna say, Morgan, I know you, you're doing such a great job out on your own, but your mom and dad have taught you right. They've done it the right way. Call mom and dad, you're not alone on this deal. They're gonna walk you through 'em. They're, they're solid people. And so you've got the best bench that you could possibly want helping coach you as you enter into life. Thanks for the call Morgan. You're a superstar. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird. If that means doing things intentionally including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. Find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget that ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is my partner today. And, we are here for you America. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. One of our favorite things to do on the program is when we have folks come in live here in our lobby just across the way from our studio right now. And, we are looking at another fantastic young couple here to do their debt-free scream. Garrett and Tisha, welcome. Hello. Thanks for having us. Alright, So you guys ready to go for the debt-free scream, you're all fired up. What's your nervous level on a scale of one to 10? One being no nerves, 10 being freaked out. Like a one maybe.


Wow, You don't hear that very often. They Do seem calm. Notice that Tisha's the one that said that Garrett was unable to answer. He's so uptight. Choked up. Yeah, he's, he's good. I'm a three. A Three. Okay, good. Well this is exciting. Where are you guys from? West Fargo. North Dakota. West Fargo, okay. Very nice. Alright, so how much debt, give us the date. How much debt did you pay off and how long? The last five years we've paid off $200,000. Wow. 200,000 in five years. Yeah. And what was the range of income in that time? Between 90 and one 30. Oh cool. What'd you do to bump it up to one 30? Life just raises and yeah. What do you guys Do? Just life. Just Life. Yeah. It just happened.


It was exciting. so what do you guys Do? I'm a social worker. Okay. I work with people with disabilities. Okay, great. Fantastic. Love that. Both working with people all the time. Love That. What kind of debt was the 200? It was our mortgage. Whoa, Whoa. Alright. All 200. Yep. Yep. Oh my goodness. That is a weird thing to do in today's day and Age. It really is. What's the house worth do you think? About two 50. Okay, Awesome. So what happened five years ago when you guys decide one day to pay off your house? Yeah, so it started even a little bit before that. we started our debt free journey in February of 2017. And. we just started attacking our consumer debt and in 2019 paid off $75,000 of consumer debt.


And we're actually on the show in September of 2019 to do our debt free scream just for our consumer debt. So This is your second? This is our second one. This explains the nerve situation. Yeah. You've Done it with a comeback because You Yeah. You guys have done this before. This is old hat. Yeah. Oh, Oh that makes a lot Sense. This is rare. The old The old twofer. So tell us the difference you feel from paying off consumer debt to now paying off the mortgage. How would you explain both of those experiences? It's a lot more relaxed. Yeah. Yeah. We were gazelle intense, you know, for those first few years and extra jobs and, and all of that. And now the last five it's been a lot more relaxed, able to enjoy life a little bit, a little bit more. Wow. I mean you guys were still hustling here just based on napkin math.


We're talking like 60 grand a year going toward the mortgage. How'd you do that? A Little less than that, but yeah, just every penny EveryDollar that we, that we had extra always went to the mortgage and Wow. Yep. Yep. This is okay. Now this is interesting 'cause you just shared with the audience that this is your second time around. You paid off all the other debt and I'm guessing that was fairly intense as well. That Was okay. That's when it was really gazelle intense. Like we weren't doing anything fun, anything extra. And then once that was done we could, you know. So what was the timeline like when you finished all the consumer debt to the then tack tackling the, the house? Was it a one month, two month layoff? I feel like it was a couple of months. We, we got back, you know, we left here, got back to town and you know, started putting more, you know, into our savings account and, and working on that.


And then immediately just attacking the house with everything that we had extra. Wow. But you still had a little bit of fun with this time? We Did. We actually went out to eat a little bit more and bought some fun things here and there. Wild. Yeah, I know. Absolutely wild. You too. So we talk about moving from in intentionality, intensity to intentionality and that's what you guys did in this phase. Yeah. We're so proud of you. That's amazing. thank you. Do you guys have cheerleaders? Like were people looking at you weird for paying off your mortgage? Yeah. Did anyone know it was even happening? Oh Yeah. Everybody knew. We love to talk about it. That's one of our motivators. I guess it keeps us going. Being able to talk about it. You gotta be accountable. You tell everyone now they're going, Hey, how's that mortgage doing? You're like, we're knocking it out. Yep. We're on it. And here you are.


We've been our biggest cheerleaders 'cause we talk about it every day and then every day having a little one. Now she's, she's always yelling at us, cheering us on. Aw, we're seeing the photo here. If you're watching on the app or YouTube. That's amazing. so what was the why behind this? I think, I mean it changed over the course of time. You know, right away when it was just us, it was, we wanted to provide for each other safety and security and just have, you know, have no debt and just feel free. And then as our daughter Penelope was born, it changed and then she really became the why we want her to never experience debt and, and have parents be free and, and, and have financial peace that way we can be more relaxed, calm parents and give her the world.


Yeah. I'm just curious, is there any way of describing what it felt like to make the last payment? I, for me it didn't set in making the last pay. Like we went to the bank, we paid it off and I was like, okay, that feels good. It was when we got paid next and that money was just ours, And. we could do what we want with like, I was like Oh my gosh. I love that. We don't, it absolutely gets real. Yeah. We don't anybody. It just sits in the bank account instead of going back out to lenders. Yep. What, what's like the first big thing you did? Or you're going to do This? This was, yeah. Little trip to Nashville. Yep. Yeah. But you guys are super young. You got, you know, you got what, 30 more years of a working career? Yep.


What are you gonna do now? You got no payments in the world. Well the next step is save to be a millionaire. So There we go. It's coming up and you guys are on the path. I'm guessing you've been investing along the way. Yep. You've got a paid four, $250,000 house. So you're probably at least halfway there. What's your, What's your net worth? You think It's just under five? Yeah. Amazing. Yep. We kind of feel like 2030 we might be that millionaire status. so I Love it. Yeah. Wow. We're gonna gift you guys two EveryDollar premium subscriptions and inside of that there's a great tool called Financial Roadmap. It'll actually show you exactly what your millionaire date's gonna be. It's a fun milestone to celebrate and you'll just be getting started at that point. Very cool. I mean, you'll blink and you'll be there.


So yeah. That's for you. You can give it to someone else to kickstart their journey. Someone who's been maybe inquisitive going, Hey, tell me more about this. Yeah. how are you guys actually doing this? Yep. Maybe a coworker who's been a little skeptical. Hmm. I like that. And were there any haters along the way? 'cause people are going, why would you pay off a low interest mortgage? What are they thinking? There's Been a few. Our neighbor car salesman, they've, they've called it out. And That's the classic culprits. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. I love the neighbor giving you a hard time. It's pretty great. Did you do, did you do the old run out in the yard with the shoes off now that it paid off? Or do you waiting for the snow? Oh, to do some snow angels. You pour No, We've, we've been out with the girl.


Yep. So fun daughter. A few Times. It's fun, huh? It does feel different. It does. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you feel the financial piece just emanating off of them. It's Beautiful. Yeah, you really do. So fun. All right, well let's, let's do this. Let's get the sweet, sweet little princess in here. Her name is Penelope Pinel. That's a great name by the way. I love that. And how old is Penelope now? She she's 20 Months. She's 20 months. Wow. Wow. Beautiful red hair too. Thank You So, and she'll get to look back at this YouTube video one day and go That's right. That's, yeah, that's how my mom and dad changed my family tree. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. And she'll probably roll her eyes that you didn't do something right. Mom or dad in the scream and the pen, you know, the, the, the, the, the Pinky. You picked that dress for me. Yeah.


Yes. Yeah. Welcome, welcome to being a teenager. That'll happen. But you guys are great parents. This little one has no idea how you have paved the way for her prosperity as well. So such a great story. Really, really fun. Alright, we've got Garrett and Tisha. Am I saying that right? Tisha. Tisha. See I forgot in five minutes, Tisha, along with little Penelope from West Fargo, North Dakota, they paid off $200,000. That is the house by the way, in their second debt-free journey in five years making 90 to one 30. Let's hear your debt-free scream. You Ready? 3, 2, 1. We're debt free.


I love it. Oh yay. Penelope's clapping as well. We excited her clapping. Excited. Oh my goodness. That is so cute. So sweet. She's smiling, she's debt free and she doesn't even know it. How fun is that? She's Incredible. So they started the journey February, 2017 paying off consumer debt and here we stand, 2024 house paid off and everything. That's a seven year journey to completely transform their financial lives. Yeah. So for everyone listening out there who thinks you can't do this? Are you willing to commit for seven years? That could change everything. That could change the next 30, 40, 50 years could change generations that come after you. That's pretty wild to think about. Sounds like a long time.


They're still young, they're still with it and they got the rest of their life with no payments. Adds a dream worth chasing Folks, I can't add anything to that. Coach George with the locker room talk today. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in mls. ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is my partner in crime today. And, we are here for you America. We want to coach you up to win with your money. That's a budget, that's saving, that's investing and and then it's all about making the maximum income that you can make so that you can actually build wealth. And so that's what George and I specialize in today. Winning in with your paycheck and winning with that budget. So let's get right to it. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Chuy is up next in the big Apple chubi. How can we help? Hey, how's it going Thanks for taking my call. You bet.


so I just wanted help on how to make my rent payments and car payments payment. I just actually suffered a job loss last week on Wednesday. Oh, sorry about that. Yeah, What happened? So basically it was just, I had medical reasons and that kind of factored into my performance and like I just had to be, you know, out and take a lot of doctor trips and like I just guessed they were like, you know, we have to let you go. And to be honest, it, it wasn't somewhere where I wanted to work. It was really toxic. What were you doing and what were you making? Oh Yes, I was a fund accountant and I was making $74,000.


Okay. so what have you been doing in the meantime? What's your next bill? how are you gonna pay for it? Yeah, so I did file for unemployment, but to be honest, don don't think I'm gonna get much off of that. Maybe maximum 2000 a month, I guess for this October I'm planning on using my savings. How much do you have in savings? About 3060 something. And what are your monthly bills? If you had to just cover the bare bones, you're not eating out, we're just trying to survive. What would it take to cover a month? I would say like about 3,700.


So we can't even get through October at this point. Well, well in terms of rent, yes. But for like the, in terms of like the next, like what do you call it, the next, because I do have like income from this month that I got from my job. so I shouldn't have Enough. Good. So we can get through a month. We need some short-term income and Ken's gonna help you get some ideas of what we can do. And then we need to find you a full-time job that you can do. What's the status of your health now? So I've been going to a doctor and my eye is getting better, but it's not a hundred percent but it's definitely better, much better than where I, I started from.


Are you expecting that you're gonna be having to miss work? No, I, I think before, yes, before when I was, you know, let go. Yes, I had to because it was no choice. But don don't think that should be a problem now. Okay. And are you planning to stay in the same type of a role doing accounting work? To be honest, that's not my dream, but I think for now I would have no choice. What's the long term play? I wanna be a cybersecurity analyst. Okay. Have you talked to people that are in cybersecurity and doing the an, the analytical work inside of that to get a real sense of what that looks like and you know that you know, that, you know, you'd be on fire for that kinda work?


Yes. Great. I mean there's, I, yeah, Good. That's good news because that's the thing should, it's like, okay, we gotta get stable right now in the short term. So that's you doing three and four accounting type contracts or something like that, or let's get some full-time work right away. But you have a very, very transferrable skill and I would assume, tell me if I'm wrong, that you also can do a lot of your work remote in, in, in certain situations as well. So that opened you up beyond just the New York market. Is that true? Yes, that's correct. Alright, so how, how, how intense are you right now about getting work on a scale of one to 10? One, you're, you're catching up on all the Netflix shows and 10 that's all you're thinking about is getting work?


No, definitely 10. Okay. All right. I mean that's the key, that's the absolute key is to jump on this right now, we don't wait, we don't let, okay, we're gonna take it easy this month. It's right here, right now. So George, I mean Chubi before we let you go, you feel good about, I I've got a budget in place and I've got enough money coming in in the next month, but I've gotta start drawing a paycheck in the next month, month and a half. Is that true? Yes. and I guess my car is just another thing. Well I'm just paying a lot for the car and I want to get rid of it, but that, do You need a car? Are you in New York City proper where you can use public transportation?


Yes. Okay. What is left on the car loan? Well, it's actually a lease. I actually have 23,970 left. Is that the early buyout amount? No, the yearly buyout is 36,674 Oh. my gosh, that's insane. The car's not even work. Yeah, Well yeah, that's the problem with, with leases. I mean you're, you're prepaying the depreciation and then you still gotta give back the car. Yeah. So we need to get you out of this and that might mean we need to come up with some cash. We might need to get, you know, kind of a, a loan from a credit union to cover the difference to get out of this. And then you need to sell it and get, you don't, don don't think you need a car right now.


so I think the good news is you can just get rid of it and not have to turn around and buy something else. Yeah. and I was also thinking like maybe the car, like it could be useful for like doing like DoorDash or something. That's, that's what I was thinking too, But dude, no, you're an accountant. Why would you trade your time for driving DoorDash when you can trade your time for getting paid at a premium for a really needed service? Why would you do that? You're gonna get paid way more offering your accounting services than you are dropping off somebody's tacos. Not to mention that lease has very strict parameters. I mean, you look at what you can do with mileage and wear and tear, that's, I mean, I don't think you're gonna be able to pull that off.


Yeah, you wanna get rid of this car and putting more wear and tear on it doesn't make sense. Yeah. Okay, Come on Chubi. So you got a few options here. The first is an early lease termination that involves a whole bunch of fees. The second option is a lease transfer where you convince some other goober to take over your lease. That's gonna be tough. And the third one is what I mentioned is the lease buyout where you pay the difference between the lease payoff amount and the current value of the car, which you said you're underwater on. Whew. Yeah, like they're, they're often like 36, 6 74 the buyout. But like when I'm going on like Carvana or CarMax, the car is only worth 29. Well yeah, they're not gonna give you much for it. You gotta go a private party to get a higher value for the car.


So I'd see if you can do that, what would the difference be and can you come up with that difference? Yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to take that route then That's some extra homework for you.


Well hang on the line. Shub, I wanna send you a great resource from my friend Ken. It's called Find the Work you're wired to do. And with that comes a get clear career assessment. So here's your homework. I think we need to figure out if this is really the path if cybersecurity analyst is what you're wired to do. And it's gonna help you answer a few of those major questions. Who you are, why you're wired that way, what you wanna do professionally and how to get there. So if you wanna, we're gonna send that to you for free. And for the rest of America, if you guys wanna check out, find the work you're wired to do, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast. thank You. Right now the book is a number one bestseller in two categories on Amazon. Congrats. Yeah, sure. Well that means it's been helping people, Starting to help people and it is such a, such a great resource. I'll just say this, that the assessment itself is gonna give you real clarity on what you do best, what you enjoy doing and what motivates you. And then the book itself is about a 45 minute read of me coaching you. How do we actually translate this information about myself now into finding the right kind of work where I can grow and make really good money?


What have we told people for decades, George, about their income? I wanna bring it back to Your income is your greatest wealth building tool. So we need to get the income In. Why? Why do we say that? Because without it, it's hard to accomplish any of the baby steps. You need margin in your income in order to pay down the debt or to invest. And so a lot of people out there can, number one, they're in hourly jobs that aren't paying enough. They either got a degree that wasn't useful or they didn't finish, or they're kind of wandering through life going, is this it? I'm miserable. I mean we see these calls all the time. People are doing work they're not passionate about. Yeah, that's right. And then they wonder why they're not making progress in their careers. Why would you at that point, And this leads to the desperation that we heard on a call to start the show today.


And you cover this stuff all the time. You wrote about it in your book, people fall into these traps because it seems to make sense. Oh, I'm desperate. Ooh, here's the Hail Mary, it's Not. And mad work. I need a shortcut. I don't make enough. I need a shortcut. And when you find the work you're wired to do and you make good money doing it, you're no longer looking for shortcuts. Absolutely. You move slower with more peace And there's constant opportunities for growth. And growth is what you're looking for. Good Hour, George, Kamel, Thank, you. thank you sir. Thank you America for joining in. This is your show. This is The, Ramsey.


Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. We help you win with your money. We help you win in your work. And, we help you win in your relationships. By the way, all through those areas are just always interconnected and that's why we focus on those areas to help you win. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell is alongside and he's looking snappy today in his new coat from Gap Kids. Thank Thank you and it looks great. It fits really well. thank you. Got the extra orange? Yep. Yeah, good. and I love that. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. We have fun because we truly do love each other. Don't Worry America, I'll get him back later. Trust me When He lose, he Suspects it.


He's fine. He's gonna get me back and that's kind of the fun that we have here on the show. By the way, if you wanna check out our Instagram accounts today at George Kamel, K-A-M-E-L or at Ken Coleman. We collaborated on a post where the social media team had some fun. And that's all I'll say. Yeah, it's, it's worth a, it's worth A watch. It's worth the 10 seconds of your time, that's All it is. 10 seconds. Abby's up. We're gonna give her a lot more time than that. Abby and Buffalo, New York. Abby, how can we help today? Oh, thank you so much for taking my call. I am looking for some advice. The long story short is I fought a custody battle for five years.


I got divorced, my daughter was two, she's now 14, but she was about nine when this started. and I lost the custody battle. Unfortunately, unfortunately the judge is actually in a civil lawsuit with 350 plus families for always siding with the man to give so custody. Wow. So yeah. Yes. Sounds like he's got an agenda. It's a she. That's the irony is, oh the judge is a female. Oh, and she, yes she does have an agenda and so there's a lot of families who have filed this together.


It's a very unfortunate, I wish I'd seen some more of the red flags. Alright. When I prefer Are You Still, are you still in the middle of this to and the reason I'm asking? No, it's so you're not spending any more money on lawyers at this point? No, it's all over. Okay. And what's your financial status? Horrible. Are you in debt? Do you have any savings? I am in little debt. I have one credit card left that I need to pay off. I've paid off all of my attorney fees. Good. Which is at $450 an hour. That's all over. I have one small credit card, but I have no savings essentially.


How much? Give, give George A picture. Is it a hundred dollars or a thousand? I'm Sorry. Is it a hundred bucks or a thousand? Give us a number. Oh, for the credit card owe? No, for your savings. I owe 4,000. Oh my, I have about $200 in my checking account. Okay. And about $2,000 in my retirement because I also pulled from my retirement Oh no. To Pay Rico fees. Yeah. Okay. Do You have any money in savings? No. 200 bucks. And The credit card is four grand? Yes. And what are you doing for work and what do you make? Well that's part of the problem as well. When this started, the judge deemed that I cared more about my profession than my child.


Which anyone who knew me was not the case. I worked for Harvard University at the time. I made about 1 35 a year and I resigned from my position to show that I did in fact care for my child with the emotional, I Guess you quit your job to convince the judge. Yes. That's essentially what she told me I had to do to prove that my daughter is more important than my position. Oh. What are doing now? I'm married. I represent a nonprofit. I am a director for them. We, we train service dogs and place service dogs for people who have hardest hearing, Whatcha making in this job.


Little, oh, about half of what I used to. About 67,000 a year. What were you doing for Harvard? I was a director of development as well. I raised money for academic research. How long ago was this that you left? About four years ago. So you've been working with this nonprofit at half the income for four years? Yes. I, after resigning the emotional I, someone asked me once if the financial stress of the custody battle or the emotional was worse and I, I'd say the emotional, but financially it destroyed me.


And honestly I wasn't great at working for a while. This is my only child and it destroyed me. Yeah. and I wasn't great at jobs that I did. I got jobs. I knew I wasn't doing it well. Well, But you were just trying to survive. You're just trying to survive this unbelievable fight for your daughter. Yeah. so I think everybody understands that it's very difficult to be engaged at work when you're on this battle. But here's the reality. This is my take. I want George to weigh in. You're on the other side of this. It is what it is. Now the fight is over. I hate that you drained your savings, but as I look at the current picture, you only have $4,000 worth of debt.


You, you and, and, and so this is an income, this is a, I've got to move on with my life now. And part of moving on with my life is I'm on the other side of this battle. I'm sure there's still some healing. I'm not in any way minimizing the battle scars, but at this point the battle's over the smoke is cleared and you have got to fight for you right now. And a huge part of this is you are worth double at a minimum of what you're making right now. And it's time for you to build back. And the good news, George, I wanna, I wanna bring you in here. I don't think she's in as bad a shape financially as she feels.


I I think six months from now, your life looks completely different. 'cause in the next 30 days you've got a thousand bucks. What's your next, your next paycheck's gonna be? A few, a few grand. Yes. so I get paid every other Friday and essentially after, you know, healthcare taxes and that, it's about, I clear a net 2000 Perfect every other Week. Can you sock away another 800 bucks from that and put it in savings and not touch it? That's what I think I need. That's the advice I need to hear. I mean, at this point, I don't own anything and I miss owning my house because I sold my house and this process, everything. Like I want to save up for a goal of something like that. So We'll get you there. We'll get you back to a foundation and a life that you love.


Right now we're just trying to build that foundation. And so a thousand bucks is your starter emergency fund. Once you have that in savings, we don't touch it. And then we go about the business of knocking out this credit card debt. So how quickly, if you got real intense, you didn't invest, you maybe worked extra, how quickly could you knock out four grand of credit card debt? Three months Probably if I, part of it's, I work remotely and so I I feel like I'm like, I live, work, eat, sleep in the same one bedroom apartment that is affordable, but it's also very lonely. so I think I waste too much money going out for dinner to have other people around me to have some socialization.


Well get some friends over the, the apartment. Yeah. And let's knock out this credit card debt. Let's not go out to for, you know, retail therapy or whatever we're doing. Let's just focus on knocking out the credit card debt. 'cause then, then you get to baby step three where you work on a fully funded emergency fund, three to six months expenses. You'll likely do that about six months later. so what we're talking about here is likely a nine month, 10 month plan to where you have a fully funded emergency fund and no debt. George, let's Give her a session with whatever our financial coaches. Oh, absolutely. Hang on the line. We'll get you connected And, we will cover the session for you because we wanna see you win and get back on your feet. So hang on line. Christian will pick up, we'll get you scheduled. You can do this, Abby.


You can do it. You've, you've weathered a really difficult battle and you're still kicking. You got this, we're here to help. Hang on the line. We'll take care of you. This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves. This fall, I want to challenge you, become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist and you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Hey, good folks, Dr. John Delony here. Don't you think life is too short to hate Mondays? Listen, you're worth loving the work you do and where you do it. So guess what? Ramsey? Solutions is hiring. If you're ready to join an amazing team, that's all about changing lives and spreading hope, we wanna see your application right now. We're hiring for technology, sales, marketing, writing, copy, editing, and creative roles. Check out all our job postings at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash careers.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside The. phone number for you to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We go to Buffalo, New York. Sabrina is waiting for us. Sabrina, how can we help Hi guys, how are you today? Good, how are you? Good, good. Just kind of trying to get some advice on how to not live paycheck to paycheck anymore. My fiance and I bring in about $5,000 a month. We have about 18,000 in credit card debt and these cards are behind. We haven't made payments in a while.


Whoa. Yeah. Why is that? Well, my fiance lost his job probably about two months ago. It took 'em about three weeks to start again, to start a new job. So that in incurred us to kind of dip into our savings to pay for our monthly expenses. Are you guys, did you guys already combine finances? We, so we established each of us putting in about a thousand dollars a week. We both get paid biweekly. So we were paying about 4,000 a month in Bills And. we had this conversation actually last week that now we need to contribute a hundred percent of our paycheck to try to get out of this hole.


but it just doesn't seem reasonable with all of our expenses. And we're living extremely paycheck to paycheck. We have about a hundred dollars in savings. What other debt do you Have? I got a hundred dollars in checking. We have about 18,000 in credit card debt, But there's other stuff here. My father-in-Law. Yeah. My father-in-Law was generous enough to take out a home equity loan for us to pay off our car loans. So we rolled our car loans together to try to lower that payment. So we owe him about $35,000. So he took out a HELOC in his name and then gave you the money? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh boy. He, he paid off of, he paid off our car loans for us and now we owe him that money.


And. we have about 185 in, in a home mortgage. Okay. What, what do you owe? so what do you owe him? We owe our father-in-Law about 35,000. Goodness gracious. And The mortgage, you're both on the mortgage? No, just myself. Y and he's paying into it, helping you build equity. But you guys aren't married, but you sort of combine finances, but not totally. Do you feel how messy Supposed to get? Yeah, we were actually supposed to get married next week, but we postponed the wedding because financially we can't afford to do it. I Got I, got I, got I, got a great idea for you. You ready? Go to the courthouse tomorrow? Yeah, We'll do a party later, but let's sort this out.


'cause part of this is it's very messy, And. we can't make progress when we're sort of Yeah, halfway in this thing. You guys need to get Yeah, officially married by the judge. It costs very little to nothing. Get the old marriage license And, and to George's point, but you guys gotta fix this. This thing is a mess waiting to happen. Yeah, It really is. And also these cars are more than half of your annual income. so I think one or both of these cars needs to go, you need to sell it and then use that money to pay dad back. And then whatever's left, we buy beater cars. Yeah. That's part of the reason we're living paycheck to paycheck. And also, why are you guys only bringing in 5K together?


So I make about 67 a year. He makes about 58. So after taxes and health insurance, it's about five grand a month that We're bringing in. That's, you're not paying 53% in taxes. Yeah. There's something fishy here. Something's weird. You guys are over a hundred. You guys are what? Pushing 120 income. It's 125 grand, 125 And you're taking home 60. It's not adding up. Are you guys investing at all? And That's why it's confused. That's why I'm confused on what's happening. Like why don't we have, well, We'll help you. Well, I'm gonna tell you what's happening. You either don't know your numbers or he's not giving you the full picture of his number. Something's just not adding up.


And, and by the way, this is why we want you to be married and get all of the money into one account, Okay? And then get on a budget. And, we're gonna help you with that in just a minute. Okay? But, but first things first. You guys don't know what the other one is doing. And we're playing house. and I'm not making a moral statement. I'm, this is a financial thing, right? And so you've gotta get combined so that we can use the power of two pulling together. But George is right. There's no way You guys are only netting 5,000 a month between the two of you. Are you guys investing at all into retirement accounts?


I, I invest into my 4 0 1. I don't believe his company offers a 4 0 1. Okay. How much you investing right now? What percent? 12%. Okay. Can I give, can I give you some help here on why you're living paycheck to paycheck? Yes. You are giving a lot of money to the investment account. That should be going toward debt payoff to the tune of, are you ready for this $8,000 a year is what you're currently investing? If you got that back in your check, you brought it down to zero, you'd have an extra almost $700 every single month. Okay? Could you breathe a little better with an extra 700 bucks if I gave it to you? Absolutely. And now what do the car payments add up to?


Yeah. Car payments right now are about three 40, excuse me, four 60 a month For both of them. Total for Two cars? Yeah. Okay. So let's take the, you know, 700 plus the four 60. If we got rid of these car payments, now you have almost 1200 bucks. Do you see how you can breathe again if you just knock some of these things out? And, and I'm guessing, let me jump in. George, Sabrina, I'm guessing that, that we're not talking about combined incomes right now. You guys are only putting a thousand dollars of your income towards this joint account. So if we take his full take home and your full take home and combine them, we're even better off plus the 1100 or 1200 that George has found, correct? Right.


Right. Yeah. You guys Aren't guys, you guys shouldnt Be that we need to put a hundred percent in, right? But guess What? We're not struggling. We sell a car or two and, and you pull out that investment income that George told you we got breathing room, we're rocking and rolling, Right? So here's your homework. Figure out what you could sell these cars for at private party, not what the dealership would trade it in for. 'cause they're gonna give you pennies on the dollar. And then you're gonna sell those cars. Private party with the money. You get the proceeds, the profits, hopefully there are profits. You buy yourselves two cheap cars like Facebook Marketplace, four grand, get an inspection, a pre-purchase inspection on it for a hundred bucks so you know you're not buying a lemon. Yeah. And drive those as you then pay off the credit card debt.


'cause now we're making 125 grand. We paused investing, we freed up the, the car payments. We have almost 1200 bucks to throw out the credit card debt. Yeah. You see the, the momentum you just made in a, in just one month. Yes. So based on that math, you'll be outta credit card debt in less than a year, probably closer to six months with some intensity. And now we're married, we have combined incomes, we don't have any debt. Now we can work on a fully funded emergency fund and from here on out, we're not gonna take out another dime. We're not borrowing money from anyone for any reason. Right? But the key to this, all of this, George, I'm giving, I want you to keep going here. I'm teeing you up. Okay? They gotta get on a budget.


The two of them, they gotta get married and they gotta get on a budget. So here's what that looks like. I'm gonna gift you EveryDollar premium, we'll call it a, a wedding gift from Ken and I. See? And when you open it, I want you and your fiance, once you're married, sit down and go, what is the paycheck coming in this month? Once we pause investing, all right? We're gonna assign every single dollar a job in the expense category. What is the rent gonna be? What's the utility bills? How much are we gonna spend on groceries? The eating out budget is gonna be zero 'cause We are in a crisis right now. And then beyond that, what do we have to cover? And anything else that's not in the budget, we don't buy. That's the hardest part, is the budget forces you to have some discipline in your life instead of just sort of willy-nilly floating through going, wow, we made six grand don don't know where it all went.


Pretty crazy, right? And you, you two, how old are you? Two? I'm 36, he's 39. Would you agree? It's time we started being adults and went like, where do we wanna be at 45, at 50? Absolutely. Yeah. We wanna be the 50 year Olds. I feel, I feel pretty shameful that I, I don't have anything really show forward. We don't want you to feel any shame. We want you to just be motivated. and I real quick question. Yeah. Is, is the fiance, how's he gonna react to us telling you guys to go to the courthouse tomorrow? How's he gonna react to that? Oh, He's all for it. He thinks that I want the big wedding, Sabrina. No, listen, you can have an amazing celebration after your debt free and the shrimp are paid for. Ha ha. There We go. Come on. I love a good cash shrimp cocktail.


There is no shame. I don to pay in financial freedom. So you're looking through the windshield now. That's what we're helping you look at. And so you gotta, you know, pick up the pieces, leave the baggage behind and say where are we going five years from now? Where do we want to be? I'll Tell you where they're going. To the courthouse. Boo ya. Huh? Gonna get that merit certificate. Put a Randall on it. Sabrina's fiance. It's exciting. Hang on the line. We're gonna give to you. EveryDollar. You guys are on your way. This is The Ramsey Show.


Motivating your team to work and lead with the same passion you have is one of the toughest things in leadership. but it's crucial if you want to scale your business. Fortunately, entree Leadership Summit is the leadership event that will equip you to build a team that fights shoulder to shoulder with you so you can grow like never before. Join us in Denver, Colorado, May 18th through the 21st by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash summit. Or click the link in the show notes.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show, thrilled that you were with us. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is alongside Triple eight eight two five five two two five Is The phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. David is up next in Oklahoma City. David, how can we help today? Well, it's good to talk to you gentlemen, Thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's up? Well, I got a question. I am 60 years old and I am starting to put together the pieces, thinking about retiring hopefully in the next year or two. This how I'm framing it right now. One of the, one of the pieces that I'm considering is that my employer has a pension. And my projections that I've done so far indicate that I could have about an $1,800 a month benefit from that with a hundred percent survivor option for my wife.


Or I could elect to take a lump sum, which projection right now indicates it would be just under $300,000. So my, my question is, as I'm assessing the different pieces on this, would it be okay to just take the 1800 and and trust the annuity or would it be smarter to consider taking the cash out lump sum as a direct rollover into a self-managed self-directed IRA Great question. David, you're thinking this through very wisely and it sounds like you've done a great job. What does your total nest egg look like? How much of your world is this pension?


The, well, my 401k is a little under 900 and my wife will have a, will have a pension also in the two-ish per month range when she decides to retire. That's probably a, a couple of years down the road that the way we're kind of planning it right now. You might retire first. That's possible. Yes. Okay, Well let's walk through sort of the, the math of it first and then I wanna talk about what's next for you and what the retirement really looks like. So generally we say you wanna take the lump sum and it's based on simple math. If you take the 300 grand into an IRA, it's gonna grow at a greater rate than the pension, which is likely gonna underperform probably around six or 7% on average versus what we've seen in the market.


If it's in the IRA, you could be making, you know, nine, 10, 11%. Right. And so The question is, can you, the 1800 a month, that's about 21,000 a year. Could you make that or more if you just invested it on your own with more control and you can pass that down to your heirs 'cause the pension dies with you, or worst case with your wife, right? With the a hundred percent survivor benefit. That's correct. That's correct. Versus Creating generational Loss. And honestly that Right, that's kind of the direct I was the lump, the lump sum option since it looked like that is a qualified plan that would allow me to do the direct rollover and avoid the tax penalty. so I could push all that over into a self-directed IRA, it seemed, it seemed like that was the direction, but I wanted to make sure I was, you know, kind of thinking all the, all the variables of the equation out as best I could.


I, it, it let me, let's have some fun with this. Let's, let's put this, you're, you said you're 60? Yes. Okay, Let's take the 300 George on the lump sum and George George's got his investment calculator out. David, this is where this really becomes a super easy decision for you. So run those numbers, let's say 60 to 67. You just drop 300 grand in there. You don't touch it. I was gonna say to 70. You wanna say to 70? Well, Let's ask you, David, you want us to run the numbers on what that 300 becomes in 10 years or seven years? You Don't need this Or 15, Right? This is not money you need when, as soon as you start retirement, you're not gonna start withdrawing from it. The, the plan would, would be to not. Yes, that's correct. Okay, great. Let's, So, so what, let's say 70, let's just do 10 years, what that what that 300 K is.


So 10 years with a 10% return, which is what we've seen on average for average annual returns for the s and p 500, you would have 812,000 in that account. Wow. Okay. So you make 212 grand on that in 10 years. Right. And, and, and that keeps me, that that means I'm not losing money by just taking the annuity. Exactly. Now if you took the annuity 1800 bucks, 21 grand, 10 years, it's 210 grand. And so, you know, it's, it's, it could be apples to apples. The difference is it's in your control and you're probably gonna see greater returns over the long haul And I guess that's, that's probably the other part of it, is being able to control it and making sure it's not under, you know, it's a money that Exactly.


A third party controls and spends to me. Exactly. And something that one day, oh, sorry, the pension had just gone bust and Exactly. And I. Exactly. And people like annuities because it's guaranteed. And so if you're real spooked by the market, but as a guy who's been investing for a long time, you know that as long as you don't jump off the rollercoaster, when you get spooked, you're gonna do better. I, I wanna play this out a little bit more, David, because life, life expectancy. Let's, let's jump that, George, let's take that 300 and let's, let's do it in 20 years. Let's see what it looks like. At 80. At 80, your results. $2.2 million. And again, like the likelihood Of you That's my, that's favorite sound right there, David. You Probably don't need that Much.


I think David needs a cigarette's, what he needs, he, he is sitting back. He's, he, he lit one up right there. An imaginary heater right there. He is. Like 2.2 million. I I, that's why I like that option, David. Yeah. IIII think that, I think that sounds like the smart, it seemed like that was the direction I was going, but I, I needed, I I needed a confirming a confirming sense that that was the right thing and it Sure, it sure sounds like that's the right thing to do. Awesome. I'm with you. It's what I would do personally, David. That's what would do. That's what Dave Ramsey would do. Yeah. And you've done a great job. Again, this is not a lifer make it or break it life or death thing here. 'cause you have other money sitting around, you've done a great job and your wife's got the pension.


You likely have social security on top of all that as some gravy. And So I love that sound he made Woo hoo. Who he, he needed a moment there that, that's, that's why we do what we do. Thanks for running those numbers, George. I That's always, math is fun when it works in your favor And that's Yeah. It's like we can tell you or we can show you and George is always ready. You're, you're like, I love calculator, investment calculator. You're of those, it's my best friend. You're like the quickest calculator in the west, you know, like you Yeah. You're like one of those new Western movies where George is always ready to go with the numbers. That's right. It's not as cool as being a real cowboy, but I'll take what I can get. Yeah, you're An investment cowboy. I like that. Wow. That's what I'm gonna call You changing my, my Twitter bio today.


Alright, thanks. Good. Greg is up next in Detroit, Michigan. Greg, how can we help? Hello? Hi Greg. How are you? Good. How can we help? Oh, I'm 67. My wife's 64. We're retired and we're living off social security and I'm also drawing some money out of our IRA every month mostly for fun and paying off debt. So at this point we owe on our house and that's about it. We owe 75,000. The house is worth about 300,000. My interest rate is two 8%.


So I've never been really keen on trying to get it paid off, you know what I'm saying? It doesn't seem like, like I would make more money leaving my money in savings. so what I wanna do is my, my, my lease on my truck is coming due and I want to either release phone or buy this truck out and my wife is not keen on me leasing. Why is that? Because it's, you know, over 600 a month because You married a smart woman was the answer and she can do math, Right? Sure. But what am I saving this money for? You know, I saved it all this time and now I kind of wanna spend some What are you making off Social security?


4,200 a month between us. Okay. And then you're pulling out of the IRA for like fund money? Yeah, mostly Yes. What's in the IRA Cares 900,000 Way to go. That's awesome. So why not just buy a cash car and pay off the house and just be done with all this us The spread is not, it's not gonna be that much of a spread. You're saying Hey, I can make more if I invest it, I'm gonna hang onto the lease. Why not just fully enjoy this retirement completely debt free. It lowers your monthly expenses, allows you to have more fun with less stress. So I would pay off my house from my savings as well.


Yeah. How much do you have in savings? Are you talking about the 900 from the IRA? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. So if you took 75 out of the IRA, what? What would be the, do you wanna buy this truck when you're done with the lease? Yes. I don't mind buying it. Yes. Okay. So just figure out the buyout amount and if you really love it, it sounds like you guys can afford to do that and not decimate your nest egg that you've created along with social security. so I would do the budget, run it out and talk to your wife and say, Hey, these guys on the radio convinced me that we should pay off the house 'cause it'll lower our expenses, which is only gonna give us more flexibility and retirement. His wife's gonna love this And I'm done leasing. Let's just own it outright instead of prepaying the depreciation. I'm with your wife on this one.


Yeah. And the monthly budget changes dramatically. We know by 600 bucks plus The mortgage just for The car plus the mortgage. Woo. We got some fun money now. Oh my goodness. It's that simple folks. That's why they call him the camel This is The Ramsey, Show.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play.


It is time for our question of the day here on The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is with me. And our question today is brought to you by Why. Refi. Politicians make a lot of promises and sometimes they may even keep one or two of them, but if you're in over your head with private student loans, don't rely on the government to rescue you. Contact Why Refi Why Refi refinances, default to private student loans and gives you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Catherine in Colorado. My husband just finished his bachelor's degree in business administration and is considering going on for his MBA at age 53. He's in upper management position and feels like he won't continue to move up the ladder unless he gets this degree. I've tried to tell him that he's well liked at his company and has made it quite far without it. But he has it in his head that he'll be stuck where he is forever. He already has significant student loans, which we will be paying into retirement. We do not have any investments. So other than a small pension each, we will rely on social security when we retire. What say you about going on for his MBA? Yay or nay? Nay, nay, nay, nay.


There it is. How else can I say it? I mean that's all I got. I can't get any more clear on this. He, first of all, he's not stuck the MBA at this stage of his life at 53. It's not like it's gonna open up opportunities for him based on a, well I got this education, it gets me in the MBA itself doesn't guarantee success. It certainly is a requirement in, in certain positions. But at this stage, given their situation, my goodness, they've got student loans, George, that they're already under the impression they're gonna have to pay these all the way into retirement. And I'm so saddened by this, this email question.


I'm said this is a bummer. We're just gonna, well we're, we're gonna investments off social security in Small tiny pension social security and we're gonna go further into debt. Clearly they don't have the money to pay for the MBA If I'm in his shoes. If the company wants to pay for me to get an MBA because it's gonna benefit the company, then go for it if they're paying for it. But do not pay for this yourself thinking it's gonna move you up the ladder or that you're stuck. You're already in upper management. Yeah. So just excel in what you do. Yeah. And find other ways to learn and grow that don't involve going into Debt. That's right. You can upskill without an MBA And at this point he's in the industry. He's done very well at this company. And so what he needs to be thinking about right now is his lateral movements that will allow me to eventually go vertical or straight vertical movement with some other company.


But you're operating on fear here. I see a lot of fear in this email. I see a lot of doubt in this email. And fear and doubt cloud us from making good decisions. It, you cannot make a good decision when you've got this fear that I'm, I'm stuck at 53, I'm stuck. Well then George, what happens is, and you see this a lot and you talk about this a lot with financial decisions that people make in your book, breaking free from broke desperation leads us to poor financial decisions. And in this case, make no mistake about it, it is being couched as a professional decision.


But this is a financial decision only this MBA is not gonna make him more valuable. So now it is a pure financial decision with the hope that it pays off in more income. And I'm just telling you it's really risky. Nay, nay, nay. I would be about the business of knocking out the student loans with the income you have. Sounds like you guys make good money, you just have been squandering it probably due to lifestyle and hanging onto this debt at as accrue as it accrues interest. So you're 53, I wanna see these student loans gone the next few years and then start stacking up for retirement. Get the emergency fund there. Sounds like they've been living in the paycheck to paycheck cycle for way too long. Yeah, well again, we've got a couple here who have resigned themselves to, we're gonna be paying off student loans into retirement and oh, we're gonna be doing that with social security.


I gotta tell you something, I'm not trying to be unkind, but the idea of paying off my student loans with social security payments makes me want jump off a bridge. Well and I, the numbers came out Ken the average social security payment, geez, as of May of or August of 2024 was you want to guess, I bet you'll be close. I'm going to say is this individual or a couple? This was just the average payment. Didn't say just the average payment that the Social Security office paid out. I'm gonna say $2,200. You're very generous. It was 1900. Oh, so we're talking about poverty level living here. I know with the average payment and some people make way less than that with Social security depending on what they've paid into it.


So $1,900. This is not our retirement plan by way, you know, we don't know that the social security admin administration is gonna be, we don't even know if that's gonna be solvent. We've years' seen stats that by the time I see it, yeah, if I ever do, it's gonna be at a much a far reduced rate. Yeah. So, yikes. Catherine, I, I can smell by the way you frame this question, you do not want 'em to pursue this. I think you guys should pursue the Ramsey plan instead. Yeah. And your income will go up over time. Naturally. Let's go to Josh who's waiting on the line in Salt Lake City? Josh, how can we help today? Yeah, I've just kind of got myself into a little bit of a pickle and trying to, you know, entertain different ideas of how to get myself out here.


Okay, So I got myself a HELOC back in, you know, good old days of 2020 with the good rates. I got my house loan down to a 2.375 on a 20 year loan. We only have 16 year loan left, but my HELOC is now sitting at a hundred thousand at nine and a 5%. so what I've done with that was I actually quit my job and kind of started up my own thing doing a service company. so I took some of that HELOC to help me get started with that business. And the business has been going for about two years now. We kind of, you know, we're plateauing because of this interest rate I'm paying, you know, 900, almost $900 a month in interest only on that heloc.


so what I've done is I've reached out last year to a capital credit kind of type of company. You know they got me about $50,000 in credit cards through the business. We did a balance transfer at 0%. You keep thinking debt is the next answer to get you out of debt. You understand that? I know you correct. Yeah. and I gotta get out of this cycle before, you know. So what is your next step? If you didn't call today, what were you about to do? Get another credit card and transfer more over trying to keep that repetitiveness. Unfortunately I've tried to look around to see small business loans or even higher percentage than my heloc.


Josh, zoom out. Yeah. Have an out of body experience. Look down at Josh from above and tell him debt is not the next answer. Another credit card, a balance transfer. A HELOC is not going to solve Josh's problems. What you need is income. Yeah. Has it occurred to you that you need to make more money or spend less? Yeah, well we definitely need to spend less but to get out of this, you've gotta get some margin. So what's your total consumer debt With the HELOC and the two credit cards without the truck? Where I sitting at 130 Without the truck. Why did you say without the truck?


Well, yeah, I mean with the truck, you know we're paying 600 bucks a month on the truck. No, What's the total debt? What is the truck loan left? About 30 left on the Truck. So we got 160 sitting here. Five on the trailer. What's the household income? Correct. We're pushing about a hundred grand right now for this year so far. Okay, so here's the deal. I'm gonna move this HELOC into your baby. Step six debt and I want you to aggressively attack the other 60 using the debt snowball method. Do you have any money in savings? I do have a, like a cash value life insurance. It has about 20 grand in it that's available.


So if you surrendered that policy and got out of it, number one 'cause it's a trash product, what would you get out of it if you surrendered? I probably say, you know, minus their fees and everything, probably about, well it's, it's sitting about 26 right now, so about 2018. Okay. And could that knock out some of those smaller debts? You have some of the credit cards? Yes. I only have the two credit cards. And I got those credit cards to transfer the HELOC balance over because I think we're done using the only language. I only have two credit. I only have, I think we're done. I don't, there's no more need to justify. Well I, I Had zero until I got those two. So besides the Heloc And here's the deal, you're gonna run this business completely debt free and if you can no longer keep this business running to where it's profitable, we need to find you a better full-time gig.


And the key is you're not gonna file bankruptcy. No more balance transfers. You need to get your income up, your expenses down and use the margin to knock out the debt and get term life insurance in place before you cancel the crappy whole life policy. And call us back if you need help. Woo Oh and catch the rest of the show in The Ramsey Network app. That's right on YouTuber podcast. You're On radio. It's gonna keep coming your way for the rest of you. Gotta get it on the Ramsey app. Get it in the app store or Google Play. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep, you heard me right for free then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing, ba b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.