
Hey guys, black Friday week is here with five days of deals starting at just $12. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to check them out.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality. My daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Elena is in Huntington, West Virginia. Hi Elena, how are you? I'm doing good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Ah, so I've been watching you for a long time, for years now, and I have just saved my $1,000.


Good. And I am also drowning in student debt, credit card and my car loan. I do have a job. I make about 50,000. My debt is a little bit more around 65,000. I hate my job And. I want to go to school, but I don't know if that's a good idea because of the amount of debt that I have. Trying to figure out what the best way is to get out of this mess basically. What's your, what's your current job? What are you work in that you're, you're not enjoying? I work in property management. I'm an assistant property manager. Okay. And is it the field that you're not enjoying or is it the specific company do you think?


Because I mean you said you wanna go back to school. I'm just curious what else is out there that you're thinking. Yeah, So I. Yeah, So I. Think it's just the, the field. This is actually a Christian based company, which is super awesome. So I. Think it's just a field. I'm not happy here. It's just not fulfilling. I do love kids, so I've always wanted to pursue NICU nursing, but I graduated in Hawaii and the diploma I got from there is not recognized. So. I would have to go back to school for A GED and then go to college. But with all the debt and the mess that I have, it's just kind of overwhelming. And, I really don't know where to kind of where to go.


Well I think the, the, we're doing this a little bit backward. You wanna run to something not from something as far as your career goes. And so what, what I would do if I were in your shoes is I would very clearly identify and spend some time and some soul searching. And we'll even give you some tools to help you with this. Identifying exactly what you wanna do with your life in this next chapter. Going back to school in air quotes is a really bad idea unless that particular degree is necessary to do the thing you wanna do.


Okay. Right. And sometimes when people are running from something they air quotes, go back to school as if that's going to solve anything. It's not gonna solve anything You need to actually be studying toward becoming the thing you wanna be. Did you say you wanted to be a pediatric nurse? A NICU nurse? I NICU nurse. So yeah. Okay. And your high school diploma does not count. Yeah. So I graduated from a competency adult community school and apparently that is not recognized nationally and I have to go back for A GED, which is crazy 'cause I've been using that pretty much my whole life. So, Okay, so right now you're a high school graduate that needs to pass A GED to prove it.


Right? Basically. And then you would've to go through all your undergrad and go through nursing school to be a nursing nicu. Okay. So what Ken Coleman would tell you to do that is one of our RAMSEY personalities is written extensively on this idea, is he would tell you to go over there in your off hours and volunteer in the NICU to rock babies. That is true. And talk to the nurses that are there and tell them it's gonna take you six years to be one of them. Is it worth it? Yeah. Now I'm a huge fan of nursing as a career field, but I like little babies is a long way from I want to go to school for six years or longer to be a NICU nurse.


That's a different thing. That's a lot different. Okay. So 'cause nursing at times is gross. Nursing at times is very stressful. Nursing at times will break your heart. Nursing at times will cause your back and your feet to hurt and ache. It's hard work. It's a great career field, but it's way different than I have a heart for children. You follow me? Yeah. So what I want you to do is get your arms around what it is you wanna do and exactly what the cost is.


And then where And I don't want you to spend six years and end up on, on, in, in a field that you hate accidentally, you wouldn't wanna do that. So number one, we don't want to go back to school in air quotes as an escape mechanism. Number two, we want, if we're gonna go back to school, let's make sure that whatever we're studying gets us there. And then number three, what are some interim steps we can take to move in the direction of the field while you're talking about going to school there. So while you're working on your undergrad and passing your GED and getting your undergrad going at your local community college there in West Virginia, what You Can do your first two years there just fine. You're probably keeping the job you've got or you're getting a better job making more money, but maybe not in your career field.


Or if You Can find something where they'll pay you $40,000 a year to be in and around the medical field and You Can get a sniff of what it is you're signing up for. Yeah. Then I would go along with that. Yeah. and I would tell you too, Elena, just with the numbers you gave, not even thinking future just present. Right. You're, you're, You need the money. You Need. Yeah. And so what are things You Can do? 'cause I would tell you, regardless if you wanted a career change or not on this call, part of the solution of you getting out of this debt is gonna have to be upping your income. And so whatever you're doing beyond your current job, let it be around kids. Like I would go on care.com and see if somebody needs a nanny from six to 9:00 PM or whatever. Right. Like finding things in that, that are gonna make you more money to get outta debt and start your financial process and this ball rolling to get you ahead financially.


But then also if you compare that with some level of your passion of what you're talking about, while at the same time doing exactly what you're saying. But you're, you need more money right now. Yeah. I mean, in my opinion, for the amount of debt that you, that you have, You, Can scratch the kid itch by joining the children's ministry at your local church. Yes. And they need your help Absolute by the way. Absolutely. Because they're always perpetually understaffed. And again, this isn't about And I I do have a Go ahead. You have a what? I, I was gonna say something really important too. 'cause I am a believer and a follow of Christ, but I did do something really stupid. And when my sister passed away early this year, I would say I was super vulnerable and dealing with grief, not knowing how to deal with grief for the first time.


And I ended up moving, of course from my first job early this year, paying about 70,000 to live with my boyfriend. And now we're living this house unmarried. We're not seeing eye to eye in terms of finances. And I. That's, That's to, that's easy to undo, isn't it? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Move out. Yeah. My dad always said, my dad always said, why pay for the the cow when You Can get the milk for free? Right. So I Am kind of struggling. Your dad's a wise man in and so Yeah, but You Can fix that. You Can just move out where were, where were you living when you were making 70 In Arlington, Virginia. Can you get that job? Oh, that's more expensive than we Huntington West Virginia. I don't know that you were netting 20 more.


That's a very expensive place to live. Okay. Yeah. I mean, You. Can, You Can. Reverse that. You Can just say, Hey, I'm doing something I'm not proud of and I'm not gonna do it anymore more. That's a decision. Just like the decision to do something wrong is You Can make a decision to do something right. So go do that kiddo. Hang on. We're gonna get you signed up for Ken Coleman's everything. I want her to get the assessment and the proximity principle book and the whole thing. Are you working the baby


steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes You Can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one, and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You Can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xandr.com,


Black Friday's here. We've got gifts for everyone on your Christmas list, our bestselling books like The Total Money Makeover, baby Steps Millionaires Own Your Past, change, your Future and More are on sale for just $12 each. The Total Money Makeover, of course, is the roadmap that's helped people walk the baby steps over 12 million of 'em now. We hear it all the time. Millions have become debt free. It's the proven step-by-Step plan we talk about on The. Ramsey Show, just 12 bucks. And Rachel's newest kids book, I'm glad when I can share, is also here in time for Christmas. We launched it last week for sale and it's 1999. It is the third in a series that's a trilogy and You Can get all three if you want. And there's a package for sale right there for all three. And they're high quality paper, high quality, everything. These are kids books that will survive toddlerhood. I know they're well, they're well built. 54 99 for all three. Check out the Black Friday deals at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


And this thing took off. It did good. Yes it did. I know. It's a great series. It is great. It's been, it was a fun project to do. And you know, talking about the intangible parts of money, you know, contentment and gratitude, generosity, those kind of topics I feel like are harder sometimes for to grasp and to teach your kids. So I was like, okay, how do we put that in a sweet children's book? So those are the three topics. And they're short. You're welcome parents, they rhyme. The illustrations are beautiful and it's the same animals in all three books. So that's been fun. People buying each one as they've launched that they see the same characters. So you'll get to kind of follow them along on these adventures. Learning About these topics and, and the, the illustrator Lauren just did an incredible Yeah, I mean, they're just, they're, it's I mean they're beautiful.


It's World beautiful world. It's world class stuff. So it's really, really, really, yeah. Real, real proud of this product. For those of you that got kids and grandkids, be sure and check them out. 'cause you do, Hey listen, I, you know, you teach a child gratitude, you teach a child generosity, generous people are just highly attractive. You're teaching your kid to be a high quality adult when they're grateful and generous. That's a 'cause. Think about how many adults you wish were grateful and you wish their parents had taught them that. Hello? So I mean that's part of being a good dad, a good mom, a good grandpa, good grandma too. By the way, do not think that Papa Dave is not above reading his daughter's books to his daughter's kids.


I, I have been known to keep it all in the family here. It's happened. All right. Justin is with us in San Diego. Hi Justin. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey you guys. Good morning. Thank you for your time also. Sure. I'm trying to figure out, I have a three-year-old and all of money that we give for her birthdays and like holidays and things like that, we just kind of been putting into a CD that's yield about 5.29% annual return. and I want to give it to her when she's 18 as like a life starter kind of fund. So I. Don't wanna put it into a 5 29 or retirement fund. Is there anything better that has a, a higher yield or better return for her when she does reach 18?


Are you saving for her college? I'm active duty military. And I just finished my master's. So I've already transferred all of the benefits over to her to her. So I'm gonna take her through, you know, community college and then I'll pay for that. And then pretty much all of her masters is gonna be completed, already paid for. Okay. Alright. So she has all that already. Okay. The answer to your question is just a simple mutual fund. And when I'm doing something like that, I just pick a good growth stock mutual fund that has a long track record. And I did that for our kids because when Rachel was a baby there was no five 20 nines or ESAs.


And so we used just put the money in the kids' name and then it's taxed at the, the growth is taxed at the kids' rate, which is nothing for a long time because they have a standard deduction. And so the, it's called an TMA Uniform Transfer to Minor's Act, which is, by the way, the exact same document you used to open up a savings account if you put her name on that savings account. You opened that cd. I did. Okay. That's called an tma. It's an TMA as well. Although anything you do in a kid's name that's not 18 years old where the parent is, the custodian falls under the utma, the Uniform Transfer to Minors act.


It's a, it's a law. Okay. It's a process because you can't contract and do financial transactions until you're 18 years old in America. So children can't have an a standalone account. It's impossible. Parents have to be on it or someone has to be on it as a custodian. And the utma. Now the downside with the UTMA is when they turn 18 years old, technically speaking the money is theirs and you have zero control. So if you have a 17-year-old heroin addict with a hundred thousand dollars getting to come her way, geez. You know, it's the most, you don't control extreme example. Well I mean you don't have control over it. Not maybe a 17-year-old who likes to shop someone I Don't know someone has 17 year olds out there somewhere.


Someone dead. Okay, so, so you don't have control over this money. You're getting ready to fund her misbehavior if she's misbehaving at 17. Okay. Okay. So bk, you need to be aware of that. Or like with our kids, what we told them is if you're misbehaving, I'm gonna steal the money and sue me. Good luck. But that's illegal. Okay. You can't really do that. And I can't advise you to do that. So, but I'm not gonna fund your misbehavior. I'm not gonna save up a hundred grand for you. I know, But come on, Justin's talking I mean like he's gonna give her money. Come on. He's not going down road. I believe you Justin. You feel like a solid appearance. Yeah, I'm I'm sure his angel's not gonna make any mistakes.


No, I'm not Saying that she's not gonna make any Mistakes. But the thing is this, that's what you're up against. I, okay, So would You I personally did not, I I went that route for y'all's college fund. Yeah. I did not go that route for the little savings account that he's dealing with. We kept that little savings account, birthday money and that kind of stuff in place. Right. And that was the money that helps seed the car. Your first Car. That's right. That's what I was gonna say, Justin. Depending on the amount Yeah. You know, it, this could be something that she gets earlier that is attached to something that she's wanting. Whether it is, you know, a car at 16, but something that that is useful for her that doesn't necessarily have to be this like big investment and put in a big investment fund.


Yeah. But would you still I mean still with the longevity of being three to 18, you know that 15 years you would still probably put it in a, would you still put it in a mutual Fund? I don't mind 5% because it's not, it's gonna be that much money. Yeah. I mean it's not, it's not gonna be $25,000, it's gonna be $2,500. So just we're putting birthday money in there. Grandma's 20 bucks. Yeah. But if he wants to be funding more of his money, then you would do a mutual fund over here for more money to be putting in there for the daughter. Yeah, would Yeah, I would. But, and and so to expand on that one step further, what we did do also was we took the kids' little miscellaneous savings account and we added to it. And then when they started talking about being like 10 or 11 years old, we started talking to them about we're not buying you a car when you turn 16.


We will match whatever you put in. We're gonna do 4 0 1 Dave and I'll match whatever you put in. And so if you put in nothing, you're gonna have a nice bicycle when you're 16. So get, you know, let's start talking about doing some chores and putting some money in the adding to this little account that we've already got started for you. And then they save up. And if I recall You Can, correct me, but if I recall you had somewhere around with, you had somewhere around five or $6,000 and we matched it. I, hold on. Okay. I had eight. Eight. Okay, there We go. Thousand dollars And. I put eight with it.


Yeah. And you got a little used Beamer. 1616 Car or $16,000 and it was a great little car which was Took me all the way through college. It was a great little car. It was good. Yeah, it sure did. And, and, and the other two siblings did the exact same thing. I will tell you parents, if you're gonna use that matching idea, be careful if you have, in case you have one of those kids that is a nerd super saver and this highly motivates them, you may end up having to match 30 grand if you don't put a limit on it. So I would suggest you put a limit on it. I did have one of those, her brother named Daniel and he just about it. Well it was ridiculous.


And so we had to come around and come negotiate a different thing. Not I did match him, but he was generous with some of the money and used some of the money for his car 'cause it was so stinking match. And He bought your old Jeep or something. I mean he even, Yeah. Yeah, he's, he's just a conservative dude. But I mean he saved everything. It was crazy. So put a limit on it. We'll match it up Too. Well he got a headstart parents too when implement it. He implemented it too. You know, I'm like four years shy of what he, he had four extra years on us. Yeah, Well he watched you and found out we were serious about this, that it wasn't a game. That's true. We weren't kidding. And he went, oh crap, I really gotta do this. And he turned on the coals and it's great. There you go. So put a limit on it and You Can do match And I. Use the small accounts for something like that.


I use the UTMA for a big thing. If you're doing a big thing, Jerry, that that or that's what I would do. If you're going that way Justin, this is The. Ramsey Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund Services. LLC


Rachel Cruz, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host number one bestselling author and my daughter. If you like what you're hearing here, we could use your help. You are our marketing plan. Spread the word on this show. Share the show, click the share button. You Can subscribe and You Can follow and You Can. Leave nice five star reviews and You Can. Click the clip of the link out and make a copy of it and send it to your friend by email and go listen to this. This stuff's helping me with my life. 'cause that's what we're here for and we need your help. We need to have more people that we're helping. That's what we're doing. And thank you for those of you that have been doing that. 'cause our numbers are ridiculously up and we don't even have a stadium named after us like SoFi or something like that.


It is, you know, I don't, sorry, the allergies are bad but the Yeah that you're our marketing plan. We're not dropping 300 million on a stadium. You're it. So thank you. We're either helping you or we're not. And that's what we're here for. Thank you very much. Courtney is in Dallas. Hi Courtney, how are you? I'm doing good. How are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up in your world? Well, nothing much. I was wondering if you guys could tell me what the benefit is of not using an escrow account to pay for home insurance and taxes. Two things. One, you get to keep the money all year and earn interest on it instead of it sitting in an account.


That's not interest bearing until you pay your taxes and pay your insurance. So it accrues interest. And the second one is you don't screw up the accounting and mortgage companies notoriously screw up the accounting on escrow accounts and they get out of balance and there's an escrow shortage and then they raise your payment to make up the shortage or they just miscalculate something and you've got somebody that's the lowest common denominator running the calculation too many times. And when I used to own a bunch of property with debt back in the day, I, I would say as many as 40% of the accounts were screwed up. So I don't know if it's still that bad because I haven't had a mortgage in 30 plus years. But, but, but it, I suspect it is still a problem.


The benefit of using the escrow account is it's on autopilot. You don't have to think about it. Right. Okay. And most people don't manage their money well enough that they end up not having the money to pay their taxes or not having the money to pay their insurance. It sneaks up on 'em like Christmas. Yeah. And I know that some mortgage companies don't even give you the option. Sometimes they require you to use an escrow account. Correct. A typical conforming mortgage, meaning a Fannie Mae, FHA or VA will require it because they wanna make sure that the house they have a lien against doesn't burn or isn't taken for taxes. Right.


Okay. And so, yeah, you don't really have a choice. I personally, if I were you, I I would just use the escrow account, but I would stay on them to make sure it's the proper amount. Okay. How do you recommend staying on top of them? Well, you just wanna make sure that the amount being taken out of your payment for print, your payment is principal interest. If it has escrow, it's taxes and insurance. PITI And you wanna make sure the amount being held out for taxes and insurance each month is one 12th of the total of your taxes and insurance. It shouldn't be one, it shouldn't be less than that. 'cause you're gonna come up short and then they're gonna have a shortage 'cause they're gonna pay it either way.


They don't want to get, they don't want you to be behind and then, or there could be an overage, let's say they're taking out more than they need to. And so just make sure that the numbers are right and just look at it once a year and make sure they're not, you know, if your taxes and your insurance actually go up and they don't change the amount being withheld for it, you're gonna get behind. Right. Right. That's, that's one of the ways you'd look at it. So that's the kind of thing you're doing. So, I, I, I would use the escrow if I were in that situation. I don't recommend I, 'cause I put everything on autopilot that I can Just so you don't have to. Yeah. So say ev Everyone Yeah. Even though it's not earning interest, it's Not enough interest to matter.


It's okay. Yeah. Yeah. And, and more people are gonna screw it up by not saving up the money. Right. Than the mortgage company's gonna screw up the escrow account. Yeah, that's probably true. Totally. So yeah. And we, and we have a part of our website that talks all about this in all realestate at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's kind of our real estate home base because we just, it's one topic when it comes to your money that we get so many questions. So if you guys need more resources, there's free stuff, videos and articles and calls from the show. There's so much there to help you in this, in this topic of your money when it comes to your home. Yeah. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. Honestly, it's the, the, the, that portion of our site is massive because we so get, we get so much question on real estate and it's really, it's really a nice resource to help you.


Yeah, for Sure. So good stuff. It's Good. Good question, Courtney. Yes. Excellent, excellent question. Jerry is with us in Norfolk, Virginia. Hi Jerry. Welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you. So. I, my question, I have a bunch of accounts. I have a Charles Schwab brokerage account. I have Charles Schwab, IRA traditional and a Charles Schwab Roth. Now I also, well I also have a principal now, principal's, the company my employer handles our 4 0 1 So. I was looking at their website and it looks like they charged me about a hundred bucks a month to have that account.


Really? But I have the option. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that was kind of high Myself. That's wrong. Well, that's what it says under fees. Let go back. You, you have a 401k and they're charging you 4 0 1 with your company. Correct? I'm, I'm a hospital employee and They're is a 4 0 3 B or 401k. 401k. And they're charging you $100 a month? $1,200 a year, Actually $300 a quarter if you want to be specific, but yes, basically a hundred. Yeah, it says it right here.


Plan administrative services 288.7. Is that being deducted from your account or is your employer paying that? I don't know. I'm just looking at the website where it says plan fees. So I'm assuming I'm paying it. I'm not 'cause you shouldn't be. Okay. Well that's a plus. I don, I it would be very unusual. As a matter of fact, your employer shouldn't be paying that much per employee. That's asinine amount of money. Yeah, I kind of thought so. Yeah, I don't pay anywhere near that. I got 1200 employees with a 401k plan here. No, even, not even close to that. I would fire those people in a heartbeat if they were charging me that.


Okay. Well how do I find out if I'm paying that then Call hr. Like I said, On the website it says plan fees. Yeah. Well, I mean it can be a plan fee, but the plan wasn't instituted by you. It was instituted by the employer. So it's possible they're being charged that that's just ludicrous. I I would call hr And I would call principal both and ask them, Okay, just call, Call principal and go, Hey, I got a 401k and I'm looking at the statement here and this feels like, you know, like you guys should be wearing a mask like your robbers. Oh my gosh. No. Really? That's just ridiculous. What was your, what was your question though, Jerry? Your original question. You called in. So my question was, now I now have the option of instead of the money going to principal to take care of it, I can have it go to Charles Schwab, which then I I would've 100% the hospital is allowing that.


Yes. Yeah, they I don't know if that's new or not, but I was actually talking to them and they said, if you want, we can have it go to Charles Charles Schwab account. So I'm assuming it's some kinda lockdown type account, but then I would have total control to buy, sell or do whatever I want with it. But that kind of scares me because at least with principle, I have theoretically an expert looking after it versus me, the amateur looking after it. So I basically looking for your advice is the 1200 that I thought I was paying Worth an expert looking at it.


No, But You Can, get another expert. You don't have to do this other thing. Okay. I'm seriously confused. I have no idea what the flip your company is doing because a 4 0 1 a a company has a single 401k administrator. If principal is their administrator, they cannot send your 401k money to Schwab. It's illegal. They can't do it. You have a single You can't have four different 401k companies at your company. It, there's no such thing. It doesn't work. Okay. So I absolutely have no idea what you're up against. The only thing I can do is tell you to call one of our smart investor pros and see if they can unravel this for you.


Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on Smart Investor. By the way, they can help you if you're going to be doing side investing, this is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude and most of us have people in our lives who we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the great Jean Noel Thompson. He taught me how to be a dad, a husband, a professional, and how to balance caring for a bunch of people all at the same time. We all know of somebody else we can be grateful for, but there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're surviving, that we're moving forward, and that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything's gone bonkers, it's not always easy. So here's my reminder to thank the people that you love. Thank the people in your life and thank you. Sometimes we need some professional help to talk to somebody trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. And You Can. Talk with your therapist at any time so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus You Can Switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Joshua is in Seattle. Hey Joshua. how are you Doing? Good. How are you Better than I deserve. What's up So I? I recently retired from the military, medically retired from the military. And after I had gotten out, I, there was about a month of no household income whatsoever, and we kind of ran into some financial hardship. And with Christmas coming up, I have three young children and I'm wondering should I kind of sacrifice their happiness Christmas morning to continue to, you know, pay off this debt.


I'm, I've about $1,800 in credit card debt and about $4,000 in collections right now. And roughly bring in about six, about five and a half, $6,000 a month. $6,000 a month. How old are you, Joshua? Yeah, I'm 24. Thank you for your service. What happened that you were medically discharged? Are you Okay, so I was injured in line of duty. My back was injured and they decided that I could no longer serve how they needed me to. So, okay. Are you, are you okay to, for other things though?


Are you able to, are you back to work doing a job now? So I'm currently not working. I, I am drawing pension from the military from Now. Why are you not working? I'm, I'm currently going to school full time. Okay. Why? I want to, I've always kind of worked more labor type of jobs. Hard on your body. What are you, what are you studying? I'm, I'm, I'm going up to the School for Business Administration with a major in project management. Okay. And you're just, and you just started? Yes, I did.


Just, I just started, Started planning to not work for four years. Yes. Is your wife working? No, we have three young children. She's a stay at home mom. Okay. Hun. When I went through four years, I worked 40 to 60 hours a week while I was going to school. Absolutely. You need a job. Yes. Okay. I have been networking a little bit trying to get an internship or an apprenticeship somewhere. I I don, I don't want you to get an internship or an apprenticeship. I want you to get a job. Okay. You need money. Yes. I'm, I'm aligned with you using your military benefits to get a degree.


I'm not aligned with you not working for four years while you have three kids and you're calling me about them having no Christmas. Absolutely. No, no, no, of course. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm bringing in around $63,000 a year. I know, but you're calling me about not being able to buy your children Christmas and you're not working. Absolutely. That's, that's just because of the, well, obviously military doesn't pay very much. I just got outta active duty and we hit a Okay. So Joshua, I think here's the hard thing. If I could, if I, if You're, go Ahead. Well, if I can just be pretty frank with you.


Absolutely. You know what, what you, you know, have done service for our country, like incredibly grateful for you and all military families out there. I can't even imagine like what you all go through So, I. So appreciative. But now on this side, you know, you're 24, you have a wife and you have three kids. Yeah. And there's a reality of a world that is, Hey, I'm a grownup and we have responsibilities and we don't get a choice just to go do what we want. We kinda have to do what we need to do. And what you need to do absolutely right. Is start having money. And so if I were you, Joshua and I, don't know how far you are into this maybe one semester of school. But if it's too much of a load not to be working full time, And I.


And, and maybe it's, it's not you're driving Uber, but I'm just saying even for a, even for a year or two, this is where you wanna go. But you guys are underwater financially. So the, to me, there's not a choice to go to school like you Are. You are, you Are you I would be, I would be finding a job. Well, You Can go to school and job. Yeah, that's lot though. But, and they're underwater. I work 40 to hours a week and graduated in four years. I know. But they have $4,000 in collections. I know. So Like, so go to work. Yeah. So here's the thing. When does classes let out? Dude? So I'm, I'm I'm currently on online, fully online. Oh, okay, good. So you control when you want to go to class. Yes.


Oh, that makes it even better. So You Can work like an eight hour day. Yeah. But we did just have a newborn. That's another Reason I honey, your wife is at home with three kids. Absolutely. That'd be like her job. Absolutely. You need money. You need to go get a job, Joshua. Like right now, you need to be doing GrubHub and Uber and something else by the end of the day. And You Can buy your baby's Christmas. And by the way, the newborn don't even know it's Christmas. So this is a non-issue here. Okay? Yeah, absolutely. You feed them and change their diaper. They're happy puppy. All right. So let's move on. Until about Five years old, they don't really know. Yeah. They don't Have any idea what's going on here. But dude, you can't call me up and act like that.


You can't fund Christmas. This is Thanksgiving. You got a whole freaking month. You Can. Save up the money for Christmas by working during this month. That is the answer to your equation. Go get six part-time jobs that equal eight to 10 hours a day and do your stinking online at night while the babies are asleep. I wrote Financial Peace from 10:00 PM to 3:00 AM That's when I wrote that book, because I had babies, I had to feed And. I couldn't sit there and go, I'm now an author. I don't work anymore. I didn't have that as an option.


The freaking electric bill guy didn't care. If I was an author, he wanted like money or they cut off my electricity Because if he's, and he's pulling the 6,000 from his pension, he's got, Got a lot of money coming in. But Yes. And that's but is that, is that robbing from his retire? No, No, no, no, no, no. This is his, his military retirement is huge. 'cause He is military Disabled because He is disabled. Okay, okay. Okay. He's i's getting a bazillion I was thinking this is taking from their, like when they wanna retire, He's got a bazillion dollars coming in. No, it's just that, that he has, he makes $72,000 a year sitting on his butt and and they pay for who's going to school and they pay for him to go to school. And they sh we, we the taxpayers should. Yes. And we should. Yes, that's fine. Yes. But dude, that the answer to your question is not only do your kids have Christmas, you keep working after Christmas and you only need $5,800 to be debt free.


You, Can have that by March. So first let's go get the kids some Christmas and then let's get Joshua out of debt by March. And, and, and, and Joshua, can I just tell you too, as a mom with little kids, like, especially if they're a newborn, a 2-year-old I mean he's 24. So a 2-year-old and a 3-year-old, like, I'm assuming they're all under six, I would think they don't know. Like go to the target section and they just wanna open up gifts. Like they don't really care what's in it. They just wanna have the wrapping paper and the experience of opening gifts. So like, go so cheap, like go so cheap. That stuff is gonna be thrown out by April anyway. We kind of, it's the crap we buy. So like, right. Yeah. So even that, and that's for all of 'em. I mean that's For all. Well, I gotta tell you, I mean Rachel, when she was little, we would spend all this stinking money on the kids' Christmas and then dad gum Uncle Mac would go to the Dollar store and come in with like a garbage bag full of toys that were garbage.


And he was a bigger hit than we were. And he spent like 20 bucks and we spent like 200. And let's just say too, uncle Mack was the fun uncle. That's right. And in this consumer driven world, and especially in this season, your ki like, I wanna, you know, I think his phrasing was, and this is not to pick on you, Joshua, 'cause this is everyone to make my kids happy. It is just stuff like the most, like we are such a disconnected culture anyways. Like the amount of people that we are on devices and phones and TVs and screens. Like your kids want you parents, they want you. So like go find an experience to do with them and that's gonna create more memories. Not Joshua stuff. They want him to go to work.


Do what I said. His kids want him to go to work. They don't want him. They want him to go to work. Well, He needs to go to work and he needs to be with them when he can not, He can be with him a little bit later when he, right now he needs to go to work right now. He needs some money. Do you know what I'm saying though? Last, you call me up and tell me you can't buy your kids Christmas. I'll cry for about 30 seconds and one until I find out you don't have a job. Okay. And then my crying's done. I Know, but my point is, last Thanksgiving we took the kids to a school parking lot and they rode bikes around. We, we all rode bikes around. Yep. Yep. For an hour. And they still talk about like, I'm like, that's what I'm saying is kids are so low maintenance. So Joshua, don't put that pressure in parents out there this Christmas like Want, and by the way, they already already had the bikes, so it was a built in that was like a freebie. So there we go.


Yeah. There you fine. Wow. Joshua, you got this You. Can do it today. Go to work. You got this. Hey, we are proud of your military service and we love you so much. We're gonna tell you the truth. Don't call here if you don't want that. This is The Ramsey Show. Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of RAMSEY shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions.


Plus You Can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


Open phones this hour as we take your calls about your life and your money. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY personality and host co-host of the Smart Money. Happy Hour. Rachel Cruz, my daughter is my co-host today. thank you for joining us. Theresa is with us in Fort Worth, Texas. Hi Theresa, how are you? Well, how are you Better than I deserve? What's up in your world? I know I have grown children that I need off my payroll and I'm, I'm on baby Step two. I've overs saved actually on one And. I can't seem to get any further because I have a 30-year-old that works part-time.


He says he can't find a job. His resume's three pages long. He has no education, no skills per se. His father, we couldn't go way back was abusive. So he was put in a mental place for a while for PTSD and some bipolar issues. So when he gets out of that, and now we don't have a full-time job. My daughter is wanting to start back to school in January and I'm still doing a student loan from when she was doing it before. I don't, I'm, I I know I'm enabling And.


I don't know how to stop And. I don't want them living on the street. So, I can go on for days. Let Me help you. If they're 31 and they're on the streets, it's their choice. I I know not yours. And it And, I don't know. It's hard. It's just you don't want him to be that way. And, I, I don't want him to be that way either, honey. Well, and he has some I mean from what you outlined. Is he taking care of himself like medically? No, He does not take care of himself. Medically though. He is not like take medication, all of it for bipolar. Like is he, He he'll start it and he doesn't take it and he'll start it. And doesn't it, does he live In your house? Doesn't take it. He does not. Because good. That would cause conflict. And I don't good. I put him in an apartment, he had a beautiful apartment and I took him out the beautiful apartment.


And I put him in a crap hole. It's literally a crap hole thanking he'll wi he'll go, Well, there's a chance he can afford that. The, the No he, it's still 1200. It's still 1200. I'm still helping pay for it. Alright, so what you have to ask yourself is 10 years from today, what is best for him? What is best for your daughter? What is the most loving act? You Can give them, I'll answer that for you. Please do That. That they have the dignity of having stood on their own two feet. Like adults.


Okay. You are taking their dignity away from them Writing And, I have screamed, cried, prayed. God thinks I'm just being funny. Now, 100% of enablers are sweet people. You are a sweet person. You are devastating. And I teach your children, you're hurting them. I teach, I know better. I know how to make my children at school. You know, problem solve. No, you're, you're, you're, you're, if you'll get it through your head that you're harming them, you'll quit doing it. Okay? You've gotta actually accept the reality that you're harming them.


Okay? And once you do that, you'll quit doing it. You wouldn't ever give a drunk a drink. You wouldn't ever give a bag of heroin to a heroin addict. You're, you would never do that. You're too sweet a person. Right? Okay. Yes, Absolutely. Bring it harm to them. Yeah. But I will say there, there's a, a level of complication and complexity from what you kind of just outlined. That he, he, he has some, he has issues. I mean he, he spent time in a mental facility. He Has how, how Long ago? Mental health. How long ago? Oh God. So that's been a good five years ago. Yeah. Okay.


And he, they both have this, you know, this abusive father Yeah. Thing going on. But I can't get rid of it, you know, I'm like, let it go, let it go. You Know, we go see a therapist. Yeah. The the thing, the thing is this, okay, we've tried that. Try that. I don't, I'm not suggesting, I'm not suggesting that you're mean spirited or even that you just announce suddenly in a fit of anger that I'm done. I've had it. That's not what we're suggesting. That too. But I would say that I'm gonna look at this young man at Christmas and say, and daughter and daughter and say, okay, I can do 60 more days of this. And so I'm making that number up.


You, Can decide whether you wanna do 30 days or 60 days. You can't go longer than 60. I won't let you. Alright. Okay. But you, I'm going to support and I'm gonna give you some help for the next 60 days. This is your warning. So you need to ramp up to get ready to receive zero as of February. As of March one, the end of February. Okay. And you tell them that they're in Christmas here and you say, I love you and I'm really so sorry that I have mishandled my relationship with you because it's kept you from going and being all that you want to be. And I'm gonna be so proud of you when you go and be all that you're supposed to be.


And I'll be cheering for you other prob. And I'll here and I'll be here to cry with you. And also Theresa, my be back. Yeah. And Theresa, you just know you're not in a place to be able to help someone financially. You're in baby step two, you're broke, you have debt, right? Like, oh, I know. So, so that's I mean, that's part of the equation. I mean, honestly. And And I think, you know, maybe there's other options if you were on the other side of all of this financially of things of like, okay, but you, you don't, if you were, you don't have money to, if You're a multimillionaire, I would tell you exactly the same thing though. But You Can say, Hey mom, mom's broke. And part of the reason I'm broke is I've been supporting these adult children, which is an actual oxymoron. This is a weird phrase. We use adult children.


What does that mean? Even? But the, but yeah, I, I'm, and I'm, I'm not able to do it anymore. And I'm not going to do it anymore because I've come to realize that I'm bringing you harm when I'm doing that. And so the good news is I'm giving you a little warning. The bad news is as of March one, you'll receive zero from me going forward except my love, my prayers and my cheerleading. But there will be no more money after this date. And you set the date and make it very clear. Don't hedge around it and don't go well if You Can No, shut up. Very clear. This is the date, it's a contract.


And then follow it up with an email just reminding you what I told you over Christmas. I love you. I'm cheering for you. I'll be here for you. If you need a meal, come over. I'll feed you dinner. But there'll be no more money after March one. I'm broke. And, I'm having to clean up my mess and I'm cheering for you to go be your best self. Okay? Okay. Are you gonna do that? 'cause you love them so much, you're gonna make them have their own dignity. I love you so much. I'm gonna do that for everybody. You're sweet. You are the sweetest lady. All enablers. Enablers are the nicest people. But it's, but it's so I mean Teresa.


Seriously though. I'm like, as a mom, it, it's, it's devastating. I mean like it that would be so difficult if you really did believe, if I'm not helping my child, they're gonna be on the street. If you really do don't, If that's Really it. If I'm, if you don't believe that you're bringing them harm, you're not phasing reality. I know, but Because it's not a sustainable life to live without dignity. I hear ya. I know, but it's just Hard and without Work ethic, just empathizing with Theresa. It's hard. That's why you bought your own milk shortly after getting out from under my control. I don't buy stuff anymore. You're you go make your own. Oh, I know. Make your own way little pig. I know. Make Your own way. There's a big bad wolf out there. Be careful. Make your own way. I'll be cheering for you.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health, plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind the promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here. And I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr. John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com


slash tour. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host,


The Ramsey. Show question of the day is brought to you by Why refi If you've made student loan mistakes with zeroes on the end, well, we're not judging you, but we are saying it's up to you to do something about it. Contact y refi, they were created specifically for people with defaulted private student loans, not government loans. If that's you, go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Daniel in Alaska, I tithe and donate extra to the church where my family And I attend. Our donations this year will be around $20,000 in tithes and offerings. The church is not registered as a nonprofit organization. Should I keep donating big sum sums to them? We still want to give our tithes, even though we don't get a 5 0 3 nonprofit letter, but we are hesitant in donating more because we're afraid we won't be able to claim it on our taxes. Churches don't have to be 5 0 1 c threes to be deductible. It's not required by the code. The RS code does not require that they have to be formed as a religious organization. They can't be involved in politics and they can't be running a for-profit under the same roof of some kind.


But if they're operating as a true, a true standalone church and their job is to minister to the flock and take care of the widows and orphans and serve the community as a typical church would You are fine. They're those, yeah, they're the IS does not require them to be a 5 0 1 C, but he says I'm, yeah, but I'm afraid we won't be able to claim it in our taxes. You Can, You Can. It's deductible. Oh, okay. Okay. The IS does not require that they be a 5 0 1 C3 deductible. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. I hear you. It's, it's just not required. And also I don't know, I, to me, the giving aspect, like giving out of your heart's, you know, desires and what you want and the tax write off is just like an added great thing. But that's not the main motivator I would not give to somewhere because you don't get a tax deduction.


Exactly. That feels weird to me. Exactly. Now I will ask this question though, Daniel. Most churches, and we've had Financial Peace University taught in 50,000 churches in North America. So we interface with the church community all the time. We're a huge supporter of the bride of Christ. We love the church. Okay. And most churches go ahead and apply for and get their 5 0 1 C3, just so there's no question by anyone about what's going on over here. And so maybe it's a startup, maybe it's a a, a church plant in, in the early in the process. But I would want to ask leadership why they haven't gone ahead and applied for it.


'cause getting a 5 0 1 C3 IT certificate when your church is really not much of an effort. I'm, I'm curious why they wouldn't do that. And I would ask them that, but I wouldn't not give And I would not worry about whether everything's a deduction. Now if they're running a political action committee out of the back, back there. Yeah, out of the back room. Yeah. You could lose your deduction there. That's one of the guidelines. But if they're running an actual church, then you know, you're, you're not going to have any trouble with the tax issue. But I still would ask the question, why not? I don't understand.


I can't think of a biblical reason to not do the paperwork. It would be like, okay, we have a church building, but we didn't buy in fire insurance on it. Well, why? Well, we're trusting Jesus. Jesus sent the insurance guy there. So you probably ought to buy insurance on your building. I mean that's like Carl, it's, it's in second hesitations. So I mean God no, I mean to me. He's been using that joke for 30 years. I know. It just ke it just keeps giving it the dad jokes that just keep working. So that's, as long as they keep working, my ratings don't go down. That's good. The, yeah, that, that, yeah.


I I, I, I would get insurance on my building. And I would get a 5 0 1 C3 if I was the pastor of a church, if I was on the leadership team of The church. Yeah. So asking why would be good. Just be outta curiosity, but also don't be giving just to get the tax deduction. Exactly. But You Can, get the tax deduction according to You. And, and a hundred percent. And just You, Can. Ask, ask Papa Google. He'll tell you. It's right there. It's right. Papa right up. I I'll answer your question for you. All right. Pierre is in New York City. Hi Pierre. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi Dave. Hi Rachel. How are you guys? Better than we deserve. What's up in your world? None much. Just wanted some financial advice. I'm kind in a unique, unique, for me at least position I'm thinking about, well I'm, look, I'm thinking about maybe buying an apartment, an investment property for 200,000, And, I.


Kind of just want you guys advice if I'm ready for it, not ready for it. Or maybe I should just put on the back burner. Okay. Are you out of debt and are you going to pay cash for the apartment? So So, I, sorry. I should tell you my situation. So currently I have two jobs. My income I have about three incomes. My salary is about 200,000 more or less. And I. Also, the house that I currently live in, I make about three, $3,000 comes in in total. My only debt is my mortgage and a my wife's car, which is about 25,000.


Okay. Alright. Well, Pierre, I'm, I own a bunch of real estate. I love real estate. Rachel's husband is in the real estate business. He owns a bunch. They own a bunch of real estate. And we both, these families sitting here love real estate as an investment. The rule we live by is we pay cash for it or we don't buy it. And we only start buying investment real estate after we're 100% debt free home and everything. That's the rule we live by. But having done that, you will thoroughly love the real estate business. When you get into it, it sounds like, it sounds like you wanna do it, but if you buy this apartment right now, it's probably going to cause you financial problems.


Not blessings. 'cause you're broke, you got a freaking car payment, you don't go buy a 200,000 rental property. So, I, I could pay. So a little more of my situation, I understand it a little more of the situation. I have 50 K in the bank, then Write a check and pay off your car today. Understood. Understood. I could do that. And Yeah, you should do that. I, I also had an, I also had another question for you also. So. I was thinking, I was thinking of saving up to a hundred K and actually pulling a HELOC on my house.


I know you're really against it, but I feel like it would be a lot easier to pull the HELOC out the house. How I have an income comp. Well, I have money coming in from the rental of my primary residence. Pierre, are you 24? I'm actually 32. 32, okay. Because you sound like I sounded when I was 24, I used to say stuff like ambitious. I used to say stuff like that when I was broke and it made me broker. Okay, 'cause here's what you're not anticipating. You're not anticipating all the things that are gonna go wrong when you own a rental property and the renters that don't pay.


And now you got a HELOC on your house and now you have to come home and tell your wife, we're losing the house because the apartment deal went sideways and we're getting foreclosed on. You don't wanna have that conversation. I'm so stupid. I had that conversation when I was your age and you don't want to have that conversation. You wanna do this debt-free, but you're gonna go ahead and do it. So, I, hope it works out for you. I don't think it's going to. And you asked me So, I told you the truth because I love you. I don't think you should do this. I think it's a really, really bad idea, but I don't think I can stop you. I think you're going to go learn the lesson the hard way. Some of us are knuckleheads and it's just how it works. We have to get bonked on the head to catch it.


Pierre might be listening and might be reconsidering. He's not. We don't know. He's not. He's not. Because I think what's difficult is in the present, all of that sounds good, right? Like you You Can, line it up a situation and say, oh, if this hits in there, And, I have that and the carpet, you know, da da. And it's all working. All these moving pieces. And here's the problem too, Pierre. When you start leveraging yourself like that, statistics show us and studies are showing us that stress goes up, anxiety goes up, lack of sleep starts to occur. And you're trading your peace of mind for complications of trying to build wealth. And you're doing it in a really fast way and an ineffective way.


'cause it's gonna cause other issues in other parts of your life. So be as peaceful as possible, pay off the car work and pay down your mortgage and then say, Hey, let's save up and buy. And in 10 years, you know, 5, 10, 15 years, you guys could be wheeling and dealing and it's all your money and with a lot of peace. So just do it the right way. Everything you're talking about can be done. Just slow it down and do it with cash instead. The best way to get rich quick. Get rich slow. This is The Ramsey,


Show. What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system. Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's, real-time, insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, You Can, spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite


dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey, If you're like me, this time of year feels bananas. Thanksgiving just flies by and then you blink and the kids are out of school, family's in town and somehow there's glitter everywhere. Pure chaos. Let's face it, the last thing you need right now is money, stress. If you wanna lighten your mental load this year, do yourself a favor and go download EveryDollar. It's my favorite budgeting app. And it can help you create a game plan for your spending. So You Can, focus on what really matters this time of year. Listen, the holiday season's gonna be busy. There's no getting around that. But let's be busy enjoying our families instead of stressing out about money. Head over to the app store and download EveryDollar right now to get started for free.


Rachel Cruz, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. My daughter. One of our favorite things in the world to do is talk to one of you when you're doing your debt-free scream because you paid a price to win, you've lived like no one else and now you're ready to live and give like no one else. We even put a debt-free scream stage in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions and people come by and watch this show. And then they sign up and do a debt-free scream on the debt-free stage. And our favorite of all is one of our, one of our, when one of our own RAMSEY family RAMSEY team members has become debt free. And they are on the stage. And that would be true of Matt Hudson and his wife Terry.


Matt, congratulations. You did it. Thank Steve. Well done Terry. Way to go. Thank you. Wow. So Matt as a software engineer with us, has been with us 12 years. Yeah, I know. I was like, I know Matt's been here for, I was like, has it been over 10 years and Yeah, 12 years. Yeah, 12 years. And in the, in the RAMSEY in the financial peace area, RAMSEY Plus working with EveryDollar and working with financial peace and all that. So you've seen a lot here over that 12 years. How much debt have y'all paid off? So this was our mortgage and so it's 133,000. Way To go. Oh my gosh. How long did this take total? 11 years and three months. Okay.


So great. Alright. So after you came here, yeah, right after you came here, you got the mortgage and you said, all right, we're doing this. Yeah, we, so our oldest son is 11. And so for the first year I was here, we were both working and we didn't have kids yet. So we saved up a really nice big down payment. Got our house with a 15 year mortgage and Terry quit work after Everett was born because it was a priority for her to stay at home when they were little. And in the past few years then with her being able to go back and work part-time, then we've made some really good progress to be able to get it knocked out early. Way to go. What's the house worth? It's worth 4 45. Woo Hoo.


I Love it. I Love it. Well I'm not gonna go into your personal stuff. Since half the, since half the RAMSEY team is standing around and I'll tell your business in front of your coworkers, that would be unfair. So. I won't ask what your income is or what you have in your 401k that we have here, but you guys ought to be approaching Millionaire and I'm proud of you as soon as you get there. I love having millionaires work on our team. So, and that's the most beautiful thing I can think I've ever heard. Way to go you guys. Thanks. Thank you. So very, very proud of you. Congratulations. So working at RAMSEY is weird to start with 'cause we're a weird bunch. But paying off debt while you're working here, it's like peer pressure to do it isn't it?


Yeah, He says it's a good thing he works here 'cause he's the spender. Oh. Which is true. Okay, so you're, are you are you spend money on gadgets? Yeah. Just kind of, yeah. You're Software engineer So I'm guessing. Yeah, yeah. Gadgets. I just have a, like you pick an expensive hobby, I'm probably into it so, okay. Alright. Alright. And Terry, but you use the coworkers here to and you to reign him in then. And the budget meeting, it's a good thing for both of us to get on the same page. So that's been a big key for us is to have that monthly conversation to make sure we're both working towards the same things and have our priorities together. Yeah. So great. That's a big deal. Well done y'all. I'm so proud of you. Look, Thank you. That's a big deal. I mean to have No mortgage paid for half a million dollar house.


It's amazing. How old are you too? I'm 42. I'm 47. Wow. Very cool. So great. Our goal was by 50 so we're glad we beat that. You're You did it. You did it Slid in under the bar. Okay, so tell me 'cause when people are on the ladder, baby steps, you know when they're in 4, 5, 6, A question we get a lot is, okay so how much, how much should we be throwing extra at the mortgage to pay it off faster? So just like walk through high level how you guys decided month to month or season, maybe it's season by season, year to year. Like how, what, what did that look like of putting extra, was there sometimes that it was like no we didn't 'cause we're saving for a vacation. Were there some times that you're like all the extra goes on? Like what did that look like for you guys? My youngest started kindergarten the year of 2020.


So. I was planning to go back to work when he started kindergarten. But with Covid being so yeah unpredictable. I was like let's just hold off. So I started working part-time in 2021 and we had decided that all of my paycheck would go to house payoff. Oh okay. So we lived off of what Matt made and hit our savings goals with that for like vehicle replacement and stuff like that. But all of my paycheck went to house. Okay. So great. Are you still gonna continue to work part-time or now that the Yeah we've got some other goals. We wanna do some house renovations. That's good. Some vacation and of course like college funding so Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's Awesome. So what are you gonna do with the house? We wanna get some new floors. We wanna update the living room. Just, we really haven't done much to upkeep the house since we bought it so we just kinda wanna make it prettier.


There's, yeah, there's a lot of things we put off because it's like, well we're almost, we almost have the house paid off and once we get that done it'll, Well you got no payment now. I mean you got got all this room. Yeah, yeah. You put there fast Putting new flooring in it. It goes a lot quicker when you don't have a mortgage so. Totally. It's so great you guys. Amazing. Amazing. So how does it feel when you, when you guys paid it off and you like sent it, you know what, what was that like? It was amazing. We were at Chase like five minutes before they opened and we're taking pictures outside of Chase and then the employee saw us and he's like, are you Terry and Matt come on in. And so he told us the payoff balance and wrote the check and we're just sitting there like we just did it. We did it. Aw Love it.


Woo. And going to the parking lot. Do a little dance. Yes. I like it. Very well done. Well done you guys. Alright working here, is that make it harder or easier? Seriously. I think it made it easier 'cause it's just like, like you said, like you have kind of that positive peer pressure. Like it's not weird that we were not borrowing money and that we were paying extra on the mortgage and and that kind of thing. Like it was just I don't know you Have the benefit of your coworkers not making fun of you. Yeah, yeah. That's an interesting thing to have. Yeah. And quite the opposite. They might be making fun of you if you weren't doing this but yeah. Yeah like we're, you know, just doing handling money weird and everybody else is doing the same thing.


So it's not like you're an oddball around the people you work with for doing it so Well obviously you don't have to work at RAMSEY to do this. Millions and millions of people have, we've got tens of thousands of debt-free screams on the YouTube channel that people, people can watch of people from all incomes and areas of the country and situations of overcome all kinds of things. But what would you tell folks that are listening and watching the main thing from your perspective, Terry, that you have to do if you want to get outta debt. What is, what is the key to getting outta debt? I think it's having the budget and making sure that everyone's on the same page and that you're working towards the same goal. And then also to like daydream about what happens after that.


That helps you stay focused. 'cause like for us it was 11 years which felt like forever and we had to keep up with our dreams. So like focusing on that after the house payoff too. Hey, when you mapped it out the first time, what was your prediction of how long it was gonna take? We thought we would be done by the time our oldest entered high school and he's in sixth grade. So we got done about three or four years Early. Okay, so you thought it was gonna be 15 years and it was 11. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Most people bring it in earlier than they originally planned. Yes. Yeah. That's not unusual at all. All good job you guys. Well done. Very proud of y'all. Great job. All right, bring the kiddos up. Everett and Spencer are with us. Good looking young men. And so who's who and what's the ages?


This is Everett. He's 11 and this is Spencer. He's nine. Okay, Awesome. So Everett came the year we bought the house and now he lives in a debt-free house 'cause his mom and dad are heroes. Oh thank you. Way to go. You guys we're very proud of y'all. Congratulations. It's so good to see you guys too. I feel like Terry, I just see you at Christmas parties every year so it's good to see you outside of it and I'm so happy for y'all. Thank you guys. So excited. Thank you. So excited. Alright Everett Spencer, you guys been practicing debt free scream. You know how to do it. Alright, You better get ready man. 'cause this is your minute. This is your moment right here. You're gonna be famous in just a second. Matt and Terry Everett and Spencer, Matt Hudson from the RAMSEY team for 12 years.


He is been with us. They paid off the house in 11 years and three months. $133,000 house and everything. Their weird, their heroes. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 3, 2, 2, 1. We're debt free. Woo. Way to Go. You guys Like any good software engineer, so great. He's very precise and they had a plan and they executed it early. Yep. Wow. Knew What? They knew what they wanted. It's incredible.


Absolutely incredible. I mean they have a paid off house. Like that's just I mean. It's crazy, crazy crazy. It's, it's when normal is broke in America, your goal is to be weird. So one of the best compliments You Can hear around The Ramsey Show is we, if we call you a weirdo it's 'cause you're doing very smart things in a culture that has nothing smart to do. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey listen up guys. Black Friday deals start right now. Yep. You heard that right? You don't have to wait until Black Friday or even leave the house to get great deals on our most popular gifts. You Can. Get our bestselling hardcover books for just $12 and audio books for just eight. Give like no one else this season with gifts that actually mean something to your loved ones. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to shop the deals today. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY personality is my co-host. thank you for joining us America. It's a free call if you wanna call anywhere in North America. This is the last segment that you'll be hearing on the podcast. The next segment of the show is on the RAMSEY app. The third segment is always on the RAMSEY app every day. Ramsey Network app is a free download and if you wanna go further with RAMSEY there, You Can have calls that are picked for you. You Can filter by topic. You Can. Always get the third segment of the show. And You Can send us emails, You Can do all kinds of stuff. So download The Ramsey Network app. It's completely free and it's a way to get access to things earlier and really for you to control your listening environment a little more than You Can on the normal podcast or YouTube broadcast or or talk radio.


Talk Radio stays exactly the same what you've always gotten. You're always gonna get exactly that as long as your local station carries us there. And that's perfect. And we're glad they are.


Ramsey's Black Friday sale is going on right now. Get early access to some of our best deals. Meaningful gifts for family and friends as low as $8. You Can. Shop our bestselling books like The Total Money Makeover, baby Steps Millionaires Own Your Past, change Your Future for just $12. Audio books and eBooks are only $8. The Rachel Cruz wallet in black, camel, brown and Champagne are on sale this week. Questions for Humans Cards, conversation cards starting at just $12. The Black Friday sale also includes the brand new Rachel Cruz Children's book. I'm glad when I can share. And the previous three books are available. You Can, get the three books set. It is a trilogy. This is the last one. And You Can get the whole three books set on sale right now. So if you got grand babies or babies and you need bedtime stories, that's the best. It's all there at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


And even more, Eric is with us in Key West Florida. Hi Eric, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. How are you doing today, sir? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, so like many investors, I pay my financial advisor and assets under management fee. In my case it's 1%. My wife, And I have been married for 20 ish years and over the time we've built our assets under management to about half a million dollars. We have other assets, but under management from them about half a million dollars. That would be $5,000 a year for their fees. Well, a couple years ago my parents passed away and we inherited a a substantial sum. So now our assets under management are a little over 2 million.


My questions are, you know, or my problems are too, first, you know, by doing nothing extra, no effort on their part. Suddenly my advisor has gone from 5,000 a year to 20 some thousand a year for doing the same work. The other thought is, you know, when it was $5,000 a year, you know, I could stomach that. Now I'm thinking over the next 20 years, even if my assets remain flat, that's, you know, 400,000 and if they go up plus lost investment opportunities, that could be 500, 600, 7,000, $700,000 that I'm losing. So are there any alternatives to assets under management fees? Are there any recommendations You, Can make?


That's a very standard way of running a brokerage. I I mean an advisory company. Right now, most of our smart investor pros run a very similar fee base. I have seen some of them. The fee decreases as the assets under percentage decreases as the assets under manage increase. And so when you've got a portfolio of the size of yours, it probably could be less than 1%. I I some keep it there. And, and then the question you've gotta say is, okay, what am I getting for this money? And you know, I'm a firm believer in having an advisor.


I'm like you though. I I want to know what I'm getting for what I spend. And So I think I'd have a conversation with them about two things. One is tell 'em exactly what you told me. Guys, this is a a lot of money and I'm not sure what I'm getting for my $25,000 a year. Show me what's, 'cause I can buy a nice car once a year for what I'm paying you all okay. And have a whole basement full of cars. Right? And so in a couple of years, so I mean what, what is it I'm getting for what I'm paying you and show me your value and, and or do you have any kind of a sliding scale now that this has gotten so much more?


Like a lot of times when it's over a million dollars, you start to see things slide down. It it, do you have anything that you run a less percentage on, on a portfolio this size? Ask them that question, those two questions. One is show me why, you know, make the sale again, why do I I mean I'm not mad at you, but show me I I right now I'm, I'm I I'm, I confused dissolution about what I'm getting for 25 grand. The it hasn't I mean hasn't changed or the Process, the strategy hasn't changed. It's the same thing, right? Then the third thing I would do, yeah. Is jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com and click Smart ster Pro and talk to some of our smart vests. They're in the exact same business.


They run the exact same. Most of them run a management fee like that. You know, and it's usually the, the, you know, it's very standard in the business. The industry runs about 1%. Some people do three quarter, some do a sliding scale. One, you got more assets under management, some don't. But I mean they're not ripping you off. I don't think that at all. But you're asking a valid question that you deserve an answer to. And it is enough money that you, it's fair to ask the question. So I would ask the, the Smart Vista pros, ask any of them. Do you have a, a sliding scale when a portfolio gets to this size? I got about two and a half million. I'm really concerned that I'm paying a 1% fee on that. 'cause I don't know what I'm getting for that.


And, and, and it's not a belligerent thing. There's no belligerence in your voice by the way. Okay. You're not being a jerk about it. You're just going, okay, I'm sorry. And And I probably wouldn't use the phrase you're doing no more work. That's a bit insulting. But I would say, you know, what am I getting for what I'm paying you? Why would I do this and, and what's going on here? I mean because I I I do, I I do value what they do. And I think you should, Eric, I think you ought to have someone in your corner to talk to. Rachel has a smart vest pro. Yeah. She had Winston meet with, I have one that Sharon And I meet with.


And they, they don't, in my case, they do less than they might for Rachel and Winston because we do all our own estate planning off to the side and we do all of our own for that matter. I do all my own selections on the mutual funds. But yeah, What I have found, Eric, the value for us is that they're looking at more than just investments. I mean ours are looking, they're looking at taxes and like if there's like real estate involved that You Can sell within this five year period and get this I mean, like they're, they're kind of strategizing with you. I mean everything from our giving to investing. I mean they're looking at the whole thing. And that's always helpful. But my question, Dave, to you, is there ever a point from like Eric's perspective, which I know is not a lot of people out there to have this substantial amount of money, just investments that you would ever pull a million out and do your own and put it in an index funds and keep a million in.


Do you know what I mean? Like spread out where you're not No, it's not all under someone's No. I, I would get, I would get happy where I am. Yeah. And if I can't get happy there, I'm gonna get happy somewhere, somewhere else. And, I want somebody in my corner. And I want it all. That's fair. I want it all in one place. Invested in different things, but under one set of eyes, there's no advantage to diversifying your advice. No, I I I don. Right. I think that just, that's just pro Your brain advice brain not, would you ever just individually go open up a vanguard and just put your own money in for the s and p or something? Do you know what I mean? I mean the only thing I do there is I do have an s and p that is independent of these guys, but that's just me throwing money in there, extra money laying around until I get some money for a piece of real estate that they don't have anything to do with.


And then you're gonna go buy it outta That. Yeah. So, I'm, I'm gonna buy it outta that s and p. Yeah. I don't, I don't invest in the s and PI park in the s and p. So, which last year was a really good thing. It made 30%, but not a bad parking spot. But the, yeah, so that, that's yeah, That's a good point. I'll Be happy where you are. I don't want three different investing. It's like I I'm not gonna go to three different churches 'cause I sort of agree with them, you know? No, it's not one for worship. You need to find a home and deal with the discomfort of, of the home and the comfort of the home. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. That, that, that's what I would do. It's a good question. It's an excellent observation. Eric. You're you're not asking the wrong question. You're asking the right question.


I would just ask it carefully and somewhat humbly. But, but it's a fair question that I'm gonna dig to the bottom of. So three things. One is shop around. Go talk to some other smart investor pros, see if they have a sliding scale. Ask your guy if he's got a sliding scale and ask your guy why He is worth 25 grand a year. What is he, what am I getting for that? That's all fair questions and should be asked. That's you managing your money and that's as it should be. Well done sir. Very well done. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free then right there on the home screen. You Can. Watch the rest of today's show by a Bing. Bye. A boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.