
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling. RAMSEY personality number one, bestselling author. He's my cohost today. Open phones at eight eight eight two five five two two five. Stacy's in Cape Town, South Africa. Hi, Stacy. What's up? Hi. How are you guys? Better than we deserve. Wonderful food scene there. Y'all got some nice restaurants, kiddo.


All right. Are you guys hanging in tight for my story? We're ready. Bring it. Okay. So my question is, how do my husband and I navigate the very strange relationship we now have with his family after multiple instances of disloyalty and dishonesty? So my father-in-law needs to repay a loan of a hundred thousand dollars to us and hasn't done it yet. It's been two years now. And four months ago, the in-laws and my husband wanted to start a new business. They actually own a family business. And that was around the time when we moved into our new home. They sold the house and a couple of days later asked my husband to put our house up as their loan guarantee for their new business as it was worth around $2 million.


And oh, my husband wouldn't be the business owner, but just an employee. So since then, the relationship has been, I assume your husband said No. My husband went, he was so angry. He said, not only no, but now pay us back a hundred thousand dollars straight away. And now he's just keeps distancing himself from them, which I totally understand. But how do we navigate the situation? How do we get the a hundred thousand dollars back? I, I have no idea. Wow. When the, the, is there any documentation or legal contracts on the a hundred thousand dollars or was this a handshake?


When did the bank Oh no, when we did the bank transfer, we, it literally shows up as loan to X, Y, Z on the Bank. That doesn't matter. I mean, they didn't sign a note. They didn't sign a contract with you to repay? No, it was just verbal. So it was a handshake and you wired 'em the money. Money, okay. Yes. Alright. And, and was there any discussion at the time as to what the repayment terms would be? Yes. At the time they said that as soon as they sell their house, 'cause they had enough, a secondary house that they didn't use. As soon as they sell their house, they're going to pay us back.


And they did sell their house then? They did sell their house. No, no, they didn't. But they've had multiple offers. They just keep turning them down. Okay. Offers that match their asking price. Okay. All right. Yeah. Wow. You got yourself in a pickle, didn't you? Yeah, I know, I know. And now my husband is feeling a bit guilty and he's, he keeps asking me if, is he a good person? Because he's told his dad now to repay everything back. And Now the mom Yes, he's yes. He's a person. His dad is not. Yeah. Well, the mom's getting involved and telling everybody that we are money minded and we are keeping our kids.


I don't, I don care what they told you. What they tell people, what they tell people doesn't matter. They don't really get a vote because they're the people that don't pay bills and, and propose absurd business things. They don't get a vote anymore. They lost their vote. What they tell people are what they think is irrelevant. Agreed. Yes. Absolutely. O other than it hurts your husband's feelings. But I mean that his dad's being a twerp to him. But yeah, John, Are, are, are y'all of means, Stacy, you live in a $2 million house, I'm assuming y'all have money. Yes. Yes. This is easy for me to say on this side of the, of the ocean, but you're probably not gonna get that money back.


And just your husband making laps around the living room every night, existentially wondering if he's a good person. Is he costing his relationship with his dad, is yada, I don't know. Yes, Can. That's exactly what's happening. I can imagine. There, here's the deal. He, your father-in-law needs to pay back the money. He's probably not going to. He probably can't. And y'all now, Dave And I have been talking about this forever, Dave's for three decades before I even showed up. When you loan a family member money, you change the nature of your relationship together. Now you are invested in them accepting an offer on their house.


Right. That that's an, that's an inter that's a transaction that should be between them and their, any potential seller and what they wanna do and what they wanna keep two houses or not. But now you are invested in it and you are now judging from afar their interactions. But it's because y'all loaned them money. Yeah. Right. So now there's, there's it, the whole thing's a mess. I can see a world where your husband sits down with his dad and says, dad, I got mad. I blew my top. What's reasonable for a repayment? And there's also a thing where he says, dude, this is a gift. I'm writing it off. I'm moving on with my life. What's charles's net worth? I think about 11 million.


Okay. So one possibility is take a deep breath, call dad and say, dad, I shouldn't have loaned you this money without any documentation. I made a huge mistake. It's costing us our relationship. I'm not going to do any business with you because I can't really trust you on transactions, but we still do want to have dinner with you. We still want to interact with you, and we're gonna forgive this loan. Forget it. Don't worry about it. Your life won't change one instant if you do that, except you'll be free.


Right Now you guys spend our, our burning $10 million worth of calories over a hundred grand. True. Yeah. You could let it go for your sake. You could. That's one possibility. The second possibility is almost do that, but just let it go. But don't say anything and just forget it. Walk away. And then if it co if they do pay you, let that be just like a pleasant surprise. But don't even have a conversation with 'em about it. Just forget it and just walk away. But you guys are, it's destroying y'all. It's, you know, they're sitting over there smiling. You're sitting over here freaked out.


But again, and if I'm in your shoes, I'm also gonna own my part of this. And the only part of this I really would call you two out on is you should never have done this transaction. And if you were going to do the transaction, you should have had a lot more business minded about it. Handshake on a hundred grand is ridiculous. Yeah. And so you ask for it. So when I do something stupid and it costs me money, I call it stupid tax. So I think you paid a hundred grand in stupid tax. It's just a matter of when and when you want to pay it. Whether you wanna tell 'em today or whether you wanna just forget it and say, I don I'm gonna pretend like this never happened. I'm not even gonna bring it up in my mind again.


We're not gonna bring it up in our marriage again. We're not gonna ever do business with these people in any scenario, but we can be kind to them. They're, they're blood family. I, I, I like option one. I like the o There's, there's something about owning it and calling dad and mom and saying, I shouldn't have done this. I did it and y'all are free from it. And we'll be over for dinner on Sunday. Yeah. Move on with my life. And For your regular people, it would be like if you loaned them a hundred bucks Or a thousand bucks. Right? Right, right. Or a thousand bucks and you don't, you people that don't have $11 million. So just, just kind of, it is all, it's all about ratios here. Okay. So, So For some people, Don't loan family members money. Give it to 'em or say no thank you.


Yep. Period. No exceptions. That's the rule. Give it to them.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier. And sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. Listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when You Can settle in. Finally, whew. Exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You Can talk with your therapist just about anytime and just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and You Can switch therapist for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality, my co-host today, Brenda's in Las Vegas. Hi Brenda. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello. Hi. What's up? My husband And I are, well, my parents are moving from their home in Florida. They're going to be selling their home there and moving to where we live, which is in Las Vegas. And that is a big difference economically. It's a much more expensive city to live in than where they are rurally. Talking with my parents, we just, they just wanna make a wise decision on what they need to do with moving here. So they're, we've been talking through, would it be better for them to rent a house at their age?


They're 80 and 78. Would it be better for them to purchase a home in this economy? This, and my husband And I have also talked about the possibility of us purchasing a home and then just renting it to my parents. No, but we wanna make a wise choice and so we just, I thought I will just call you and see what you think. Yeah, I'll, I'll pass on the rent to my parents option. So they're gonna sell their property there and it's worth what? Probably a good half a million. And they can't buy anything in Las Vegas for half a million. Come on. They can, but I don't think it's, it's not whether they can afford it or not. They know they can afford it. I think they just wanna make sure that long term at their age, would that be still a good choice?


I I figured That I would buy a nice condo that I didn't have to do any maintenance on. Right. In, in an area that demographically, you know, I'm not moving into a neighborhood's a bunch of 20 year olds if I'm 80. No, there's a 55 plus community near us To look at and those, those properties. Yeah. If when these two pass away someday You Can market that property without any trouble. You're not gonna be stuck in it. It's not a weird property. Right. No, it would be a good property. So buying, purchasing. Yeah. Pay Cash for, pay cash for half million or less. That's what they're moving the other property out for, right? Yes. Yeah. They, They may live for another 20 years and so you got 20 years of rent going up And I, I would wanna be in my seventies and eighties with my biggest asset set.


Your biggest expense in every budget is, is housing. And when it goes up every year, you've destabilized your environment. So let's take it off the table. Yeah. So let's stabilize the environment. Okay. Zero, zero payments and now, now we've got a sustainable situation with peace for them and they're near you. Yes. And by the way, the difference in, where are they moving from in Florida? It's a very rural, I I heard that community in the panhandle. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Near, near Panama City. Yeah. Alright. But the difference in cost of living there and the cost of living in Las Vegas is very little except real estate. Yeah.


Real estate, real estate's. Way different. I'll go along with that. Very. But a gallon of gas is about the same. A loaf of bread is about the same. It's not like double in Vegas what it is, the panhandle in Florida. I mean it might be 10 cents more a gallon or something like that. It's 10 cents more a gallon in my neighborhood than it is one county over because they can get away with it in my neighborhood. But you know that you're gonna get some of that kind of stuff. But, but by and large cost of living, when you say that, you know, really electricity, not substantially different. You know, property taxes may be higher. Yeah. Might have that. Right. But real estate related things, that's where you see most, that drives most cost of living indexes into a spiral.


If you take real estate outta cost living indexes, you don't find huge differences in a household budget from city to city. You find some difference, but not huge differences. So then that, that changes the conversation too, when you reframe it that way. And Dave, tell me if my matrix is wrong here. I've got you, you've got Brenda, whose parents are in their seventies. So let's always wanna pretend they might live to 90. Okay. Yeah. That's five more presidential elections from now to think we could predict what the world will look like in 20 years. It feels better for me to say I don't know. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna solve for peace in the present.


And that looks like no house payment. Yep. That feels like a wiser choice than trying to speculate on, was this gonna be a good investment? What's gonna happen in 20 years? And who know You Can, you can't. Who knows. So here's the thing, I mean, that's a really good point to pan back and keep perspective because in 2008 when the real estate market, Vegas was one of the, it was the fastest growing city in America at that point. And They got Crushed and they got the hardest hit on the bubble. They had the most, the most value loss of any city in, in America. Now it rebounded very quickly. I was gonna say, and if you'd walk in with, with, with a hundred million dollars of cash and just started buying places, you would be worth an unfathomable amount of money right now.


A trillion. Yeah. You'd be worth 10 x. And so it just does, like, so who knows. Yeah. But you and who would've predicted 2008? 'cause Vegas was a boom town. If you'd have done this deal in 2007, 2006, you wouldn't have, you know, and you, you're exactly right. Who knows you, you because it's odd that, that part, but it did, it, it went, it went in half. You could buy real estate everywhere. Wow. And then it bound bounded right back. Yeah. Thank God it's a wonderful city. And The last time I was there, they were building like crazy Economically. It's a wonderful city ag again. Yeah. But but that just tells you 2000 eight's not that long ago. Right. We're, we're in only 15 years, you know? Yeah. So that, you know, it's not that, that's a good point. And that, gosh, if you'd have done this deal back then and they were 20 years later, 30 years later, 30 years, 20 years is a long time.


Or maybe tell me if this is a bad way to look at it. 'cause I don't look at things like real estate investment, but let's say things, let's pretend it went in half again in 20 years and mom passes away, dad passes away, they live 20 more years. Great times of the grandkids. And you have to sell that place. You're still walking away with a check for three or $400,000 and you've lost, let's, let's pretend it cuts in half, which it won't from today. From today. Right. Wow. That would be, I mean, unprecedented, but I mean, You still walk away with a chunk of money. Right. It's still, you're still okay, is what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. And So I I I guess this long term stuff like, I don't know, I guess there's, If if you pan back, you make better decisions. Yeah. Just solve for peace right now.


Yeah. Solve for peace long term too. Yeah. You make better decisions. I was doing a podcast this morning with a friend of mine that's just started, a new one that's famous. It'll be out later. And she, I said the stuff we teach these biblical financial principles, they're the only financial principles that work in good times and bad times. Yeah. So if we have a banner wonderful year in 2025, she's asking what 20 five's gonna do? I said, you know, these are the same principles that are gonna work, but they're also the same principles that work when we're not having a banner year. That's right. So you solve for peace both times and that, that gets us there. So Martin is in Columbia, South Carolina. Hey Martin, welcome to The Ramsey Show.


Yeah. Hey, thank you for taking my question. Sure. What's up? Yeah, I just got a quick question. I'm 34, I got no savings. I got a baby on the way in May. Yay. And, and my credit score's in the crapper And I don't know where to begin to rebuild. Awesome. You're in a great place and I'm So I, the baby was like a wake up call Martin time to get real. Right? Yeah. That's what the wake up call was. Yeah. And I, $27,000 in debt. Yeah. What do you make? Which May not seem, What do you make Close to two grand a month? Maybe a little bit more depending on how much I Work.


What do you do for a living? Take care of animals. You don't make much money. Money. And I've Also, I don't, but I also have options of buying the business if I work hard enough, Why would I want this business? It doesn't make any money. Money. That's, well, that's true. So yeah. I'm also thinking about getting into trade work too. So Of what kind? Plumbing? Yeah. Well that would triple your income, But it's gonna be seven years before you make any money. It'll be triple's income as an intern compared to what He is making now. So I was hoping like maybe you guys might have some guidance Okay.


For Me Because I'm How, how old are you? I'm 34. How long have you been married? Not long. Not too long. What's that mean? Yesterday? Oh no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We're not married yet. Okay. We're not married yet. We're, That's what I thought it meant. Okay. Really Not long. Like really not long at all. Yeah. Like gonna be this weekend, Dave. Merry Christmas. Ho ho ho. Here we go. Alright. Yeah, We we're living together in a camper to save money. I bet. Okay. So yeah, The know things are really tight right now. Yeah. So You gotta go at a job two jobs right now. Yeah. You need To boxes. You need to get your income up substantially, sir.


Get your little family married and get them into a little one bedroom apartment. You don't raise mama and the baby in a camper. Honey. Time to time to time to man up now. Time to quit playing around y'all. Were playing around going camping. Now you got a, now you got a deal. So it's time to step up. You Can do it, hang on. We'll help you. We'll put you through Financial Peace University to help you get your money together. But dude, you gotta get your income up now. Now this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, I'm excited to talk about a new sponsor. Burna. You all probably know I'm a gun guy, but I'm big on safety, so I'm also a Burna guy. Burna is the Un Gunn a less lethal option that protects you in more ways than one. A burna is effective self-defense when you need it. It also helps protect your assets from lawsuits if you have no choice but to use force. Because a Burna pistol, immobilizes attackers without fatal harm. I have several Burna Pistols And I love them. In fact, I had a burner before they started advertising with us. They're easy to use with no recoil and no noise reduction needed. They're legal in all 50 states with no permits required. And because they're not firearms, they can be shipped right to your door and You Can train with a burner right in your backyard. Plus our listeners can get the RAMSEY Burna bundle for 10% off, which includes a burna pistol, CO2 cartridges and Mo and other burner products like safety alarms, defense sprays and Body Armor are also 10% off for RAMSEY fans. See why Berna has more than 15,005 star reviews. Just go to berna.com/dave to learn more. That's BYRN a.com/dave.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY Personality is my co-host Today, the best way to make your money behave is a behavior plan for your money. It's called a budget. Make your money behave, tell it what to do instead of wondering where it went. The world's best way to do that is called EveryDollar, where you give EveryDollar an assignment every month and you agree on it with your spouse and then you know why you have money or you know why you don't have money. That changes everything. So download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play and use it.


You have to have a plan. No one accidentally wins. You know it's not gonna work that way. You're going to have to leave the cave, kill something and drag it home boys and girls. And, and you do this with EveryDollar, you'll change everything. Hunter is in Panama City. Hi Hunter, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you Mr. RAMSEY. Great, great to talk with you. I really appreciate you taking my question. Sure. How can we help? Hey, so I'm 30 years old. I'm married, got three kiddos and me and my wife right now are a little over a hundred thousand dollars in debt. On what? And yeah, but yeah, on what?


A hundred thousand in debt. On what? So we have, we bought a piece of land that's about 60, 60 to $65,000 we still owe on that. We have a car payment, which is, we have about $25,000 left on that. And then I have student loans, which is about 20,000. Okay. What do you make? So I make 70 to 75,000. Cool. And you don't live on the land, you just bought the land. So we still, yeah, we're still paying on the land. But you don't, you don't live on it? No, sir. No, currently we're living with my wife's grandparents and a one bedroom barnhouse.


And so we're just living there. We're literally living on about a thousand dollars a month and the rest we're just stocking away towards debt and trying to get completely outta debt. I downloaded this app called Yeah, the, the app you guys have the Easy Money app. So I'm literally just trying to completely get outta debt and trying to get out of it fast. I think you meant the EveryDollar app, I hope. EveryDollar app. Yes sir. Okay. Alright. If I got one called Easy Money, I'm not aware of it, but okay. No. Yeah, EveryDollar. So, so you make 70,000 and you're living on nothing and you have $105,000 worth of debt, including the land, Correct?


Yes sir. What's the land question Is? So it's already up in property value? It, we originally, whenever we bought it, we bought it for 75. It was worth eight. It's now worth 85,000. And who said adding this vicinity? I'm sorry, who Said it's worth 85? So we had a property appraiser whenever we closed on the land. How long did you close on it? 85,000. Oh, I'm sorry. Not whenever we closed, but whenever we, whenever we signed to purchase the land. But the, it was appraised at 85 when you bought it. Yes sir. And we bought it for 75. How long Ago did you buy it?


We bought it almost a year ago. Okay, So it could be worth even more now, Correct? Yes sir. Okay. Alright. I'm back with you. So your question, your question is what Hunter? Yeah, so our question is, should we sell the land and then just pay off all of our debt? Yes. Okay. Alright. Yes. Alright. That an that answers my question. Yeah. And you're free. The only question you're free, you're thinking about eventually building. Okay. Yeah. Well, I I I think you'll have that dream come true someday. And the fact that you're living in your grandparents' Barndominium tells me you like a piece of dirt, which is cool. I'm with you on that. I like dirt too, like a little room, little elbow room, so to speak. And I mean, I live in a part of Tennessee where gunfire on Saturday's pretty normal sound by the neighbors.


And so, you know, I like a little room and the, you know, you're, you're kind of got that in your blood. I can hear it. Not the gunfire, but the elbow room, the, anyway, the, and you're, you're, you're in your early twenties maybe? Yes. Just, I just turned 30 this Year. Oh, okay. All right. What do you do for a living? So, I, I do wedding and elopement photography. Cool. Okay. Yes. So I started that about four years Ago. I can't imagine how interesting elopement photography is, but I, that's a whole nother subject. Okay.


Alright. It's pretty great. Yeah. Please Tell me you keep a little journal somewhere. Just a tally mark that says not gonna make it or gonna make it. Oh Yeah, yeah. Alright. I, I I like that you are willing to sacrifice to get where you're going and you're willing to make hard decisions to get where you're going. Those two things tell me you're going to get where you're going. So I'm not worried about you getting to live your dream. I think you're gonna get there. All I'm thinking about is what's the shortest distance between two points between where you are and owning something. So probably if I'm you, I'm saving like crazy. I'm gonna get us a little starter house.


I'm gonna make a bunch of money on it over the next four or five years. And I'm gonna buy a piece of ground and build on it as my phase two in this process rather than phase sub one, which you started with the ground way before you were even out of debt on the other thing. So I, and the good news is, the ground will get you out of debt for now and you got zero payments. You Can pile cash, You Can be able to stack cash all in that barn, man. Just stack it in there and then go get you a nice starter house and let that thing go up in value like the land did, and then sell it and build on a piece of ground someday, maybe out there five or 10 years. That would be where I am. And that's also about the time you're probably gonna be a millionaire. Yeah. And there's something about putting a, sitting down with your wife and y'all put, it's arbitrary, let's say two years.


Let's put a deadline. We're gonna be outta this barn in two years. Here's how much money we want to have. What must be true? How do we get that much money? Am I gonna have to shoot on Sundays and Saturday nights and Wednesday mornings and I'm gonna, I'm gonna take as many of these gigs as I can get. I'm gonna stop saying no to things. What would, and what's she doing? What, what must be true for us to have this dollar amount to walk outta here and get that small start home in 24 months, 32 months. And sometimes when you put a deadline on it, it doesn't feel like it's forever. And You Can just work yourself silly knowing there's a light at the end of the tunnel. So I got a pattern this hour. I gotta stop for a second.


Young ladies. You need to be very clear with your fiances or your husbands. You need to say what you are really thinking and not go along with, I live in the barn loft or the camper. Because there are some young ladies that'll go along with that because they agree with the goal and they're all in. And that's fine. I'm not talking to you, but you young ladies who these knuckleheads that you are married to or marrying have talked you into living in a barn loft or in a camper because they think that that's the way you need to domesticate this wild mule that you have married.


And let them know that ladies generally don't like living under bridges. This is a bunch of crap. And so it took me a little while to realize this. 'cause I, And I can, and you knuckleheads, I'm one of you. I'm only more advanced now. Me Too. Me Too. Because I, I don't care where I live. I'm, I'm the guy that could live in the barn loft of the camper or under the bridge for that matter. It does not bother me. I mean, it doesn't really, but happy wife, happy life is one of the equations. And so you guys are, you are thinking that you are doing something very positive for the future of your family.


Meanwhile, you are leaving some marks on that relationship that because you're stupid. And, And I know this because I'm you. Okay? And So I, again, there are some times that I have talked to couples that both of them are all in. And we bought a $2,000 used mobile home and we lived in it for three years and saved up and paid cash for a home. And both of them were all in. But They had an end goal. They had an end goal, number one and number two, they were both all in. One of them wasn't going along with it because they think that they married Sir Galahad and they didn't. They married Gober. And so, you know, this is my wife, bless your heart.


So I'm just, just warning some of you ladies, you need to speak up and you knuckleheads quit moving your lady that hasn't spoken up into these ridiculous situations to accomplish your dream. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, I love when I get to talk about this Each year during the holidays, as in years past this December, Xandr is donating 25% of all ID theft protection sales to Team Rubicon, an amazing veteran led disaster relief organization that brings assistance across the country after major disasters and storms. These guys do incredible work on the ground, helping those in immediate need and have a huge impact in helping people get on the road to recovery. Xandr has contributed over a half a million dollars to worthy causes like this every December. Listen ID Theft is a reality. And being protected has just become a necessity even for our kids. Their plan bundles together. All the protections you need while being the best value out there. It's the only plan I've ever recommended. And You Can give it as a gift. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. There's no better way to protect yourself, your family, while helping others in serious need. That's xander.com or 803 5 6 42 82.


If you don't know, You Can join The Ramsey Show and get all three of the segments, all three of the hours if you will, of the show on The Ramsey Network app. You Can also search on The Ramsey Network app by subject and get all the different calls on a certain subject. Keep you from listening to 26 hours to find out about your car lease or whatever it's right. And You Can send us an email on The Ramsey Network app, which is what happened today, John. Alright, today's Ramsey Network app. It's from Hope and personally, this hits too close to home, So I don't appreciate it. Hope. But here we go. My husband And I are in baby step two and have $12,000 more to go.


We're so close. He's been fully on board with the baby steps until recently. He's an avid hunter and wants to go hunting this season. If he kills a deer, it costs around 200 bucks to butcher it. And between two and $1,000 to mount it. I told him we needed to decide together about hunting during baby step two and that I don't support him spending a thousand dollars right now. I reminded him that by next season we'd have a lot more money and freedom to spend more freely. He says, I've sucked the fun out of hunting by asking these questions. He probably had to sit set down his pacifier to say that. He says hunting is his hobby and the only thing that makes him happy. Well That's a little insulting. Gosh, That's so dramatic.


I have no problem with him hunting. I just wanna plan financially before he goes. Am I wrong? Is His little face red? Was his little lip stuck out? Yeah. Like that sound like a kid on the cereal. How buy Fruit was in his bib. Yeah, my hunting makes me happy. It's The only thing that makes me happy. Makes Me happy. Alright, So, God, you're killing me. There's two problems here. Come on Up. You're married to a toddler. That's number one. Number two, hope. What you have done is you have created, you've exaggerated this. I hunt all the time. I've never had somebody charge me even half of $200 to butcher a deer.


Really? No. It's About what's the cost? The process of deer. 55 To 75 bucks. Okay? That's what it costs. Alright? And You Can do it yourself. You Can do it at home for $0 and so, and then good God no you don't. It costs a lot of Ziploc bags and A lot of Ziploc. That's true. $9, right? Nine bucks. Okay. Plus, no, this isn't the season to be mounting deer. And again, 200 to a thousand. If you're taking it to some fancy taxidermist, maybe again, this is one like it's gonna cost a thousand. It's not. It's not. And Well a minute, he may be or she may be. I don't know. Who's somebody's exaggerating? Well I think she's exaggerating a bit 'cause she don't want him doing this.


And He is being exaggerating with his feelings on the other side. There's more things in his life that bring him joy than hunting. And also it's hunting season and him going on Saturday and shooting a deer to feed the family and to have some fun and get out in the is fine. But also, if you're gonna add $1,200 as a part of this, that's insane. Right? A thousand dollars plus 200 bucks, The melodrama around this whole thing is just outta control. So it's getting all the way beneath all Stuff. So I don't know who's melodramatic, whether it's one of you or both? I think both. I think both. And so no. Having a plan financially before he goes, is that wrong? No. I mean, what's 30 out six cost around now? Around a a dollar and a half. Dollar And a half.


Okay. Yeah. That, that's what it should cost him to kill a deer. Right? Assuming he can get it in one shot Or two. Right. So $5 in ammunition, right? And, but hey, it can add up gas and yada yada. I do think you're right. Having a plan financially is important. It's good. And let's take hunting off the table. 'cause this seems to be a third real topic in your house. Let's say it's any number of things that you like to do, baby. Step two is survival. It's about running and gunning and you put a pause on expensive things. You put a pause on going out, you put a pause on some of these things. And So I can imagine hope hasn't gone out to eat, hadn't been on a date, hadn't got her hair, hair or nails done in a year. And husband wants to go spend a thousand dollars deer hunting.


I get that. I get that. But I think beneath it, we have to say yes, we're gonna have a financial plan before we do anything. Anything. Especially in baby step two. Yeah. But the other thing is this, whatever it is you're trying to fit into your budget when you're working in baby step two, you look at it through a different lens, right. Than you do when you're rich. Someday. That's right. When you're rich someday, you know, you might pay some money to go do a hunt in a certain way. That's right. You might pay someone to process the deer. You might pay someone to have a beer. But hunting is different than having it mounted. Hunting is different than processing. Yes. There are three different activities here. That's ex There you Go. And so we can break this apart and say, ah, one possibility is hunting makes me happy.


It's the only thing that makes me happy. So go hunting, kill a deer, take it out in the backyard, butcher it, and your family will actually save money on groceries as a result. That's right. So it's a net gain, but no processing fee and no mounting. Get our friend, the butcher brother, brothers on, then You have to save hunting. Makes me happy. No, that doesn't that. No, I'm Called, it's a thousand On that one. Right. It's a thousand dollars piece of decoration on your wall. Yeah. That collects dust. And pretty soon you'll be tired of Bambi's daddy. So, but yeah, really seriously, we, we mounted a shark one time we caught and that thing, we couldn't get rid of it. No, You Can never get rid of it. Like it went from house to house. And finally it's in somebody's attic now.


But You know what, as soon as that person dies, it's gonna end up in someone else's attic. Oh. It's probably gonna end up in the dumpster before it's, I mean, it's like, it, it served its, it was way past its joy. But fishing makes me happy. No, it doesn't. Okay, so there you go. Yeah. So I think the trick here is find ways to do things you love and that are a net gain. This guy could actually go hunting and it saved on the grocery bill net. Net is zero cost and even a positive to the family. That's exactly Right. Yeah. That's Right. Because a dear Tenderloin is phenomenal. I Had one for lunch today. There We go. Oh, my mouth just watered On it. And So I I I'm saying this as someone who hunts a lot. I I I think there's some, there's just some straw man going on here.


There's some false realities here. Bunch of crap going on in this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For real. So yeah, you, you he needs to say, I'm all in for our goals and So I'm going to decrease the grocery budget because I'm gonna do the butchering this year myself. I'm going to not mount the anything I kill this year myself. And I, if hunting makes you happy, you'll shoot another one You Can mount later. That's Right. That's, That's, but we're just gonna shoot doze this year. We're not gonna mount anything. We're just shooting for food this year. And I'm gonna get out and get some fresh air. I mean, we're gonna go on From there. Bow hunting doesn't cost you anything that assuming You Can get the arrow back. I mean, A those are pretty expensive man. Way more expensive than bullets.


Yeah, that's true. You gotta get it back. That's right. But yeah, I mean it's, this is just, so yeah, The, the, the Davis feels like, again, He's a toddler. If he's saying, if he's really saying this, he's, he act acting like a toddler if he's really saying this. But It sounds like hope has given up a lot this year and she wants take him to give up his thing. And when you start, that's not necessary. The score, that's the death of a relationship. That's Not necessary. It's not necessary. It's, you know, how can we do all, how can we do as many of the things that, that we both want to do And it doesn't have a net net loss to our budget. That's substantial. That keeps us from accomplishing our big goals, which is financial freedom. So we can, if you hunt like no one else later, You Can hunt like no one else.


Oh, I like that. So, but here, here's another example. We tell people, don't go to restaurants, don't go out on dates. You can't afford it. You're in baby step two. But You Can go for a walk together and hold hands in the neighborhood. You Can put the kids to bed and light some candles and, and talk to each other and make a date around your house. You're just gonna have to do it differently because you don't have any money. You're broke. And I think that's the same thing here. Yeah, exactly. Wrong. We're gonna find some ways to do it, but man, everybody in this house needs to grow, grow up a little bit. Geez. All right. Open phones this hour at triple eight, eight two five five two two five. I'm not crazy. Right? This is something to say to your Life.


You're not, I mean, it's the difference in the kid playing rec league and the kid doing $8,000 a year in travel sports. Yeah. Is the goal to play baseball and be a good teammate and have fun? Or is it to make yourself feel better at the expense of your 12-year-old? Well, but, or I mean, the family's broke, but the kid's got an $8,000 travel schedule and he's never gonna play ball right past high school. But by God, you know what, what I mean, really, we established pretty quick, Daniel Ramsey's a good hockey player, but we established pretty quick. He wasn't gonna be in the NHL. And so based on that, we decide how much we're gonna invest in this process. You know? I mean, it's like, you know, and, and You Can get your collar bone break broke and play in high school hockey. You don't have to do this. You don't have to do it on the road somewhere.


Hey James, we're talking about hunting and travel sports. Anything else you want us to talk about to get us canceled? I was Gonna put this question on with George and Rachel, but I think it worked a little better with the guess. Yeah, George, there are George dealing with deer hunting. That would be good. He would be the guy that spends that kind of money on it too. He, the Gie hunter. George gets scared at the deli section. At at at Whole Foods. I can't see if it's mine out in the woods. Is it gluten, gluten-free? That's all he wants to know. Yeah. Excuse me, Mr. Deer, please don't eat those acorns. That's of gluten's in them. That's not fair. George isn't here to defend himself. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You Can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So You Can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, You Can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PhD in counseling number one, bestselling author and host of the very popular Ramsey Network show The Dr. John Delony Show. He's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Leonardo is in Chicago. Hi Leonardo, how are you? Hi, I am good, Dave. How Are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, Dave, I, to put it just straightforward, I kind of got luck.


Lucky in the stock market. I'm up 180,000, but now I'm in the midlife crisis. I don't know what to do with my life. Should I put that money go to school? Or maybe should I get up property? I'm 24 years old. I think the properties in Chicago are not too expensive compared to other cities. But I would love your input and yeah. Okay. Okay, so you hit the lotto and you got 180 grand. Yeah. And you're, you're 24 years old. Whatcha gonna do with your life? Yes. Whatcha gonna do with your life? What do you wanna be when you grow up, up? I mean, when you're fi when you're 54, what, what do you look back and go, I like the 24-year-old Leonardo because he made a wise decision at 24.


What, what does that 54-year-old doing at that point? I think I can be a, and it's 'cause my father's an electrician, so if I can follow through his steps, I can also get help from him. And I think that's a, a noble career. Maybe not the best paying, but I, I think that's a pretty good career to have. Our, our friend, king Coleman just just wrote a report recently about the explosion of millionaires in who are plumbers and electricians who are creating Business. It is a noble career, but it feels like you fell backward into that to me. Like your dad's doing it. That's how you figured it out.


Yeah, maybe you're right. I, it's just like, I've always been into business. Like I've always really liked it. I've always liked to find ways to make money lucratively, but I want sta stability if I'm being honest. I, I'm tired of feeling stressed. If you make 200,000 a year in your business, you'll be stable. Yeah. But you have to know, you have to, you have to know when to walk away from the table. Yeah. But I'm saying don't confuse boring with stable. Yeah. I, stable is stable is predictable. Is all stable is. And if you know how, if you, if you're a better at business than you are at being an electrician, then running a business of some kind is different than speculating and gambling on stocks.


Yeah. So you could, you could, you could be in the business world. Maybe that's what you want to learn how to do. You wanna start and operate a business of some kind? You may have something already in mind you'd like to do. Do you I actually, not really, if I'm being honest, I, I kind of really like real estate, which is why I wanna like buy a, a property live in like, maybe the, the basement and then like rent out the first floor. And then I could basically Live From the same price I'm living currently, which is, I've always lived below my means. I I currently, my rent is $600 and I'm very grateful for the people that have are letting me rent here. Hold On. Leonardo, Leonardo, Leonardo, you're, you're, you're mimicking something you saw on Instagram.


What do you want to do? You don't wanna live in the basement while somebody lives above you. Yeah. What do you want to do? What, What's the 54 oh year old Leonardo doing that is glad that he did this? It's fulfilling. It's a predictable thing. He's used his skills and his passions to build a wonderful life for himself. What's he doing? That's what you need to do. So I don't know what that is. I don't know if you do today. So I can't tell you what to do based on this call. What I can tell you is you need to go through Ken Coleman's assessment and finding the work you find, the work you're wired to do. I'll send you the copy of the book and the assessment.


I want you to take that and then begin to do some analysis. You might even call and talk to Ken on his show or, or jump on his website and interface with him on email. However you wanna do it. I don't care. But I think, I think we've gotta figure out the, don't make the mistake of picking a career because you think it makes money. Don't make the mistake of picking a career 'cause your dad dead. Don't make the mistake of picking a career or a track because it's quote unquote stable. Because people, the, when people say something like that, what that means to me is, is they don't think running their own small business is stable.


And I can promise you that there are more millionaires running small businesses than any other category. And don't watch social media and try to quote unquote hack your way to wealth. 'cause there's what you're gonna do. That's exactly It. Yeah. You're gonna give somebody 10 grand for their 10 step course to how to hack their wealth and all you're gonna do is make them rich. Yeah, exactly. There's not a, there's not a hack. Quit looking for a way to make money. Look for a way to find something that adds value. Help somebody Yeah. To the world. And that gives you a sense of passion, sense of peace. I'm gonna send you a copy of this assessment and this book on how to read the assessment. I want you to go through it in detail. I want you to take some time and prayer over it and unpack it. If you wanna call us back, You Can call us back at that point, go over, but call back one day, can kins on here and go over the results with him.


It would be good because that, that the results are self-explanatory by the way. But, but aside from that, I, I, that's what you're looking for. You're looking for something where your passions intersect your talents not just what someone else did because it made money. Well, I think there's a, there's a, the matrix is your passions and your talents that overlay. What does the world need, right? It's an old Frederick beater quote. Like, what does the world desperately need that You Can provide? Right. That only You Can provide. Right. And man, go make that happen. And the money will, the money will follow you, man. The money will follow you. Did Dave, he said something and he said it in, in his own unique way, but it's the old, it's an old psychological trope.


Wherever you end up, you go with you. He won on stocks. Young kid won $180,000. He bet. Right? He threw darts backwards, which is what day traders do. And he won. And he thought that was gonna solve everything. He made more in one, in one cash out than his dad did in a year. And he still was anxious. And he said, I just want peace. I'm tired of stressed out all the time. And he realized, oh, I went with me. And So I don't want this life, I don't want this rattling around all the time. And searching for peace is always that alignment of where are you providing value and where are you working really hard and where are you getting better and better and better at a thing that you're good at? And man, you just gotta keep doing it. There's not a hack to that.


You gotta just keep showing up and showing up and showing up and showing up. Yeah. And that's not running to your dad's career. No. And it's not Running to a career that someone outlined is a good way to make money. That's right. It's, it's finding how you're wired and put together. Okay. So we know that the high stress, uber high risk environment of day trading, which is ludicrous, is not for you. It's not for anybody. But we also know it's not for you. You said that, but you also said, I like business. Yeah. Now what's that mean? You need to unpack that because that's very valuable phrase right there. I've always been in business for myself except for one three month period of time, you know?


Yeah. And, or or I've been straight commissioned. Yeah. One of the two. Yeah. So that I, when I made money, when I caused something to happen, I made money. I've always been able to make the connection between those two. So I agree with you. I like business. But that can open up a lot of doors to you and you do a lot of different things you're passionate about and you add value to your, to people in your life. This is The Ramsey Show.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers, and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine, but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard, helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more. And delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. And they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam techs, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season, share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love, or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and You Can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Are you determined to get outta debt and build wealth this new year? Then don't leave out an important step, which is having the right insurance. Don't make the mistake of thinking You Can get by with minimal coverage or no coverage at all. Because when Murphy comes knocking and he will, you'll start backsliding further into debt if you don't have the money to pay for it and if you don't have the right insurance. So take our insurance coverage checkup. We make it easy with a free tool that helps you find out if you have all of your bases covered. Check it out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


Guys, student loan debt is an epidemic and defaulting on debt makes you feel even worse. But our question of the day sponsor, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. You'll have a payment You Can afford with a low fixed interest rate and you couldn't get anywhere else. So go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Abigail in West Virginia. Abigail writes, my in-laws are too much to deal with, specifically my mother-in-law. Abigail, she knows you wrote this. She, I don't know how mother-in-laws know. They just know she has to stick her nose into everything. She has a key to our house, which was bought by my husband before we got married. She's folded our laundry, cleaned our house, and moved stuff while we were not at home. Oh man. I've asked my husband to talk to her, but he told me he couldn't do it and told me to chill out. You don't have a mother-in-law problem. You have a husband problem. You have a husband problem.


He's a whoosh. God almighty. That makes me so uncomfortable to think my mom would come over to our house. My mom's amazing. But my mom would come over and go through our Unsolicited, Go through our stuff Without your permission. And Even more uncomfortable as my wife said, I need this to not happen again. And I said, I can't do it. I can't do it. I'm scared of my mommy. Oh my gosh, Abigail, you have a husband problem. He needs to run down to Walmart on aisle three and pick up a backbone. Yeah. And some Pampers while He is there. 'cause he might tee tee in his pants while he talks to mommy. Y'all need to have this con I mean this is, this is Awful.


Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. This is Awful. Mother-in-law's gonna do what here, here's the deal. I think if, and maybe she's controlling, I'm gonna give her the benefit of the doubt. I think mother-in-law is trying to love her little baby the best. She knows how She's trying to be helpful and she's screwed up. Yes. And she doesn't think you're loving him. The say it the right way, but she's not gonna say anything. She's just gonna keep doing it. And I think your cute little hubby is a gigantic 14-year-old and he needs to grow up real, real quick. Yeah. So if you say a thing, you start a 10 year feud, you can't say a thing.


The only thing You Can do is encourage your husband to get, have a backbone. And this is outta line. The boundaries are, there's no boundaries here. This is ridiculous. And it needs to stop yesterday. Tell him you want the locks changed and you want him to talk. Call his mother and tell her to not come in your home without clearing it with both of you. First. That you're a married couple and this is weird and she shouldn't be doing this. Mom, we love you. Thank you for the help. You can't do this anymore. I've changed the locks. Your, he's not good anymore. And you don't need to come in our home anymore. It's a real short, calm conversation. And he needs to man up and do that.


If he cannot do that, you do not have a mother-in-law problem. You have a husband problem and you'll need to sit down with a marriage counselor. Correct. And by the way, to husband listening to this, you don't call your mom and say, Hey, my wife should, my wife doesn't want you coming in the house to one anymore. No. Go. You'd be a grownup and you say, I I messed up. Leave and cleave. That's right. Leave your mother and father, We need to figure out how to do these things on our own. Leave To your spouse. Golly, dude and mother-in-laws don't break into your kids' homes and do their laundry for 'em. Unless, unless there's like a medical crisis or a newborn. And they've asked you for your help.


Don't do That. Even if there's a newborn and they ask for your help, you still ask permission. Yes. Oh, of course. But I mean, that's what I'm, if you've been invited In, would show up with a key that you had before they were married. So one of the best practical jokes we ever played was a key. Have you heard this one? No. I had a personal assistant 25 years ago. Beautiful Christian lady. And she got engaged. So for her engagement party, all the guys, we took her to an ice hockey game in Nashville. And the, the announcer at the hockey game was a friend of mine. And so one of the guys in the office that was with us was about 10 guys.


Went all throughout the whole section and handed every guy a key. Went to the hardware store and got keys. And the announcer said, Cherie is getting married next week. Anyone that has a key to her apartment needs to bring it to her. And like 500 guys got up and started bringing keys to her. It was so, it was such a wonderful practical joke. But yeah, that's, that's much better than this one. Oh, this just makes me sad. Yeah. This is bad. Yeah. So, And, and, and can I tell you this one thing? So one time a friend of mine, they were having some family stuff and it was a, a, a couple friend of me and my wife's and we've known forever and ever and ever.


And they were going through some, like just somebody passed away or something. And I said, Hey, let's get them a house cleaner just to come in and clean up. And my wife looked at me and said, are you crazy? I said, what do you mean? She said, you know what that would feel like to me if somebody came over to see us and then they hired someone to come clean my house. Oh, it'd be like an insult. Yeah. It'd be insult. And so I've gotta say, mom coming over to clean the house and do the laundry is a little bit of a flex. Ooh. Right. It's a little bit of a flex. And so It's like cooking the lasagna. It's like, oh, 'cause the recipe you got for lasagna, You're not taking care of my little, my little boy for lasagna boy, the way he deserves to be taken care of. I'll, I'll come over and help. It kinda feels like Ray Romano's mom.


It's Like your, it's like your underwear was folded wrong. That's Yes. So I have to read. I'm sorry honey. I'll, I'll do it for you. Yeah. And so yeah, husband's grow up, Mother-in-law flex. Wow. This whole thing makes me feel uncomfortable, Dave. I never feel uncomfortable. This one does. This is like, it's got it's got a little stalker esque. It Does, It does. She's got a key and she sneaks in like keebler's elves or something and cooks and just the laundry. No. 'cause this kinda mother-in-law leaves a note that says, Hey, I noticed things were messy. So I cleaned up And I vacuumed. Y'all have a great night. And it's just like a little, oh Man. It's, it's a total flex.


But if you say anything, it's like, oh, oh, I was just trying to help. I'm so sorry. I I I won't help anymore. Yeah. Right. Martyr out. The martyr Out. Yeah. Martyr Out. She'll definitely martyr out The old Oh, oh, okay. There's some, there's some old dairy queen napkins in the glove box. I'll just eat those. Y'all just go eat wherever you want to. I'll just eat the old Kleenexes and I'll just sit in the car and be cold. And when y'all get done, y'all just come out. It's That, Hey, I did run into a guy day this opening a new food truck called Wherever you want to go. That's the genius. When everybody asks where they want to eat, it's wherever you wanna go. Wherever you wanna go. Done. Okay, we're ahead and we'll go right there. There used to be a great, or you Go a great little honky tonk in Lubbock, Texas called the library.


We'd be like, where you going? We're going library. Alright. Good. Honky talk Going Life. Love it. All right, boys and girls, boundaries are necessary. And I will admit that the hardest stage of parenting for me has been parenting children who are no longer in my control. It is the hardest stage to stay out of other people's business that are grownups, even if they are from my flesh and blood. And so that does not matter. And I, I I don't have any major issues. It's not like any of 'em are doing anything extremely stupid or something. But still just not telling up people what they have to do with your dad voice.


It, it requires a little bit of discipline. Yeah. E even today my son is studying for his first round of high school finals. He's a freshman and I, I know the science of studying. I know the pedagogy of studying. I have been a high school and a college teacher for my whole career and he's gotta go through this first round of finals studying the way his, he rolls his eyes, says Dad, I know. Okay. And Right. And it's hard 'cause I want to go in there and say, this is the, he's gotta learn this time. And then next time we'll be able to speak from a place of, alright, All right. I need some help. Yeah. Show me how to do this. That's right. And it's hard. It's hard when you're, when the the, your precious little Johnny's underwear isn't folded.


Right. Mother-in-law, it's Abigail's husband now Abigail, back Up. Back Abigail. Be cool. Be cool man. She has to stick her nose into everything. It's the move stuff while we weren't home. Ah, That one's weird. Yeah. The came back, the furniture's rearranged. It's kinda like misery. Yeah, that's what I was like. It's kind a stalker esque thing to it. The penguin always faces Nora. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey everybody. Listen to this helix who makes the best mattresses on planet Earth. Actually throughout the universe, they've extended their Cyber Monday savings. They've extended their Cyber Monday savings. Listen, I've spent my whole life sleeping on mattresses. Ones that were not great. And sleeping on a helix mattress has transformed my rest. It's made me a better dad, husband, friend, worker. Listen, I'm getting deep levels of refreshing sleep And I say this all the time to anyone who will listen. Everyone in my family sleeps on a helix mattress now. And my family, just like all of you, they're all different. All of us are different. And because everyone sleeps in their own unique way, helix has created different mattress models designed for side sleepers and stomach sleepers and back sleepers for everyone. And if your spine needs a little extra love, they've got mattresses for you too. Plus Helix offers a hundred night trial and all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix Sleep quiz just like I did. It's gonna help you find the perfect mattress for you and your sleep preferences. And it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part, helix is offering our listeners extended Cyber Monday savings 20% off all mattresses plus a free bedding bundle. Go to Helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY for details and to save 20% off everything. That's Helix, H-E-L-I-X helix sleep.com/ RAMSEY with Helix. Better sleep starts right now.


Folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Allison is in Mesa, Arizona. Hi Allison, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Merry Christmas. Hi. Thank you very much. How Are you? Better than I deserve. How can we help? I, well, So I have a question about long-term healthcare insurance or possibly buying an annuity to take care of those issues later in life. And I know you're the person to help me out with that. Okay. Long-term care and annuity for later in life, help help me. Give me, gimme a little. I don't understand why we're, why we're worried about this.


Alright, so here's why. So I am 57, my husband is 55. He was just diagnosed with a very aggressive stage four cancer, but otherwise has always been very healthy. Oh Man, I'm so sorry. Yeah. Yeah. It's, thank you. It's been quite, quite a deal. He diagnosed about four months ago. Fortunately, we own our home. We have 950,000 in retirement. But I just keep wondering what am I supposed to do about purchasing a policy for later in life when, when we're old and need to maybe be in a long-term care facility or a nursing home and, you know, I, I've read some and it's just, it's all a little confusing to me.


Okay. Well let's just talk nursing home insurance for a minute. Okay. Or long-term care. Okay. Or long-term care insurance. The industry has changed dramatically since that category began. 20, yeah. 25 years ago. Today about all You Can buy is three years of coverage. Okay. You Can buy three years of nursing home care coverage. It'll cost you about a thousand bucks a month, give or take if you're in your sixties and you have reasonable health. Okay. I'm just talking about in general terms here. Alright. And in general terms, the average nursing home stay in America is 2.8 years.


Right. Because generally when someone goes to a nursing home, you know, they, they, they're not alive for very long after that. That's just a general statistical thing. It's not a, doesn't mean nursing homes kill people. That's not what I'm saying. But the, but I mean, you know, we're sick, we're in the la later stages. It's not hospice, but it is also elderly. It's a lot of different things. Okay. So 2.8 years. So your exposure, if you said a hundred thousand dollars a year for three years is 300 grand on average. On average. And you have 900 today. Yeah. Okay. And so let's fast forward to 71 years old.


Your husband recovers from stage four and you guys are are now looking at some, one of us might need care. Yeah. And the, then we would obviously would have been talking about long-term care insurance. I generally don't recommend it until you're 60 years old. He's not insurable right now, so it doesn't matter. Yeah. He's he's gonna have to Get, I'm just trying to get that. Yeah. He is gonna have to get the other side of the cancer diagnosis for a while healed before He is gonna be insurable. Right. But having said that, I think you're probably self-insured and here's why.


Here's why. Not because you can't get it, but let's say, let's say he's the other side of a cancer diagnosis far enough that you could actually get it. And let's pretend that are, are you working outside the home right Now? Yes. I'm, we both are. Okay. You he's not, he's not for long. He's gonna be in treatment, right? No, he's, no, he we're both university faculty and He is working from home. Okay. He teaches online he's able to do that with his chemo treatment or whatever He is doing. Okay. He is okay. Good. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I and what, what do, what do you make My base salary is 63. His is Can you all live on that?


Your salary? Yeah. Oh can we, or do we, Can you, I need to figure that out. Okay. If you did. If you did, here's what we've got. You said you've got almost a million dollars in your 401k, right? Correct. Yes. If it's invested in good mutual funds and if it averages 10% or more without adding to it, it will double every seven years. Okay. Okay. And so you're 57, he's 55 at 64 for you, you'd have 2 million at 71 for you, you would have 4 million.


So you'll have between two and $4 million before you need to pay for a nursing home. And You Can afford to write a check for the 300 without having bought any insurance. That's why I'm thinking you're self-insured. So it sounds like what you're saying is I don't need Well you're saying I don't need to worry about it right now. Which is a relief. You Can, because I'm worrying You can't, you can't worry about it right now 'cause he can't buy it right now. You could buy it right now, but you don't need to worry about it. Yeah, I don't need it right now. Yeah. Yeah. See how I got there? Kind of. I'm just really nervous listening to you talk because I listen to you almost every day and now I'm actually talking to you.


My brain is just, that's okay. I've learned a lot about shark heads in the attic. There You go. Mother Is so sorry. Allison, Let me ask you this. Yeah. How much of this spinning out this, okay, what about this? I got a plan for this. I gotta plan for this is just the utter loss of control you feel when somebody says the word cancer with somebody you love. Well, I'm sure that's part of it. Because here's what it sounds like to me. Dave And I take calls all the time. You guys, for being in your mid to back half of your fifties are Really in good shape. You're In amazing shape Financially.


And my mom is still a professor in her seventies. You Can do your job for ages. AI may take it right, but like, let's just pretend You Can. You keep doing that. Yeah. You're an amazing position. Okay. So I don't, okay. The challenge for you is to exhale and be present with your husband, which is gonna be hard and scary. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Y'all are good man. You're good. Whew. Well, I just wanted to be thinking like five years in advance. Yeah. For him, what do I need to be thinking? Let's do day by Day, five, five years from, let's go seven years from the day you have $2 million and a and a paid for house.


You may not want to buy long-term care insurance. You may want to just say, I'll pay for it if I need to. See, that's just, that's where I get confused. Like, how would I even access that? 'cause it's like all in, Well you'll just, you call your invest or call your investment advisor and say, I need, I need a hundred thousand dollars a year for home, for a nursing home for my husband. And they'll pull it out the investments and instead of 2 million, you'll have 1,000,007 left. If he stays in a nursing home, an average period of time, Allison, have they put him on a clock? You know, that's an interesting question. So it's a, just to protect his privacy.


Sure. I I'm not gonna say what kind of cancer it is, but the, I I mean he's been incredibly healthy and so this again just came outta nowhere. But in terms of a clock, the five year survi for survival rate up until last year was 8% a clinical trial. He's, he's now doing what the clinical trial, you know, has now been accepted or approved by the FDA. So there is no five year Okay. Right. There's at this point there isn't. But what we do know is that with the treatments that they're doing for him, we're looking at maybe a 20% chance of eradication Okay.


Of the cancer and, and we're doing everything that we can to get him in there. Sure. I mean, he's never smoked, he's never drank, he's never Sure, sure, sure. You know, he's, he's always been active and so, but it's the getting there that's really hard. That is, yeah. But, so let, let's, let's stay as optimistic as possible and let's stay in deeply in prayer and let's, let's try these, these clinical trials amazing. And yeah, let's remember that every second is golden when it comes to how precious it is. Yeah. And let's let tomorrow's, you guys are in such great shape. Let's let tomorrow's worries be tomorrow's right now. We're gonna just celebrate and be en enjoy with every precious second, If you don't tear into your nest egg, you're gonna be self-insured for long-term care needs.


When you're in your mid sixties, that's the answer to your question. You're fine. Well done. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. And guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean, I Love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend And I wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar, You Can customize your budget however you want. So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter Wonderland, EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending. Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today.


Dr. John Delony. RAMSEY personality is my co-host. He's also my compadre on this money and Relationships Tour we're doing in the spring. We are doing something we've never done. I've done live events for 30 years where I come out on stage and yak at you and tell you what to do with your money and that kind of stuff. And we're gonna do that, but we're gonna do it in a different way. We're gonna let you select the topics you want John And I to talk about while you're sitting in the audience before we come out. We're gonna send 'em out there to your phone and then we're gonna design the show that night Custom for each one of the cities. I think this is gonna be cool, John. Every city's gonna be different. And I tell you what I tell people all the time, I don't, I don't get nervous anymore. I get excited, but I don't get nervous anymore.


I'm pretty nervous about this one. This one's gonna be fun. Ah, it'll be like sitting here answering questions. We don't know what questions are coming in here. So Yeah, it's like we, there's a different Energy. We make it up as we go. Dude. Several thousand people in a fancy theater. It's gonna Be fun. Yeah, there's several million listening here, but yeah, there's that. Yeah. Hey guys, you gotta Love it. It's gonna be fun. The money and Relationships Tour, the first one's April 21st in Louisville. It's John and me, so be sure you join us. Durham is in April 23rd, Atlanta, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth May seven, and Kansas City May nine. These are all about 50% or so, sold out, so You Can probably still get your tickets without any trouble. But they will probably after the first of the year is how these things usually work in our world.


They usually take off and it'll probably blow out like sometime in January and you won't be able to get a ticket. So jump in there and the, the seats are all sign seats. So you get to select where you're going to sit with Ticketmaster and all that junk, which isn't something we've never done before either. So this is kind of fun. So you, if you want to the good seat before they get down to the last few, you know, you go ahead and get it now. Right? That's Right. It's not gonna be a general admission, just walk in wherever. It's, it's like a, it's going to a theater. Yep. Yeah, we actually have a sign. You know, it's like these days if you go to a movie theater, that's what you do. Right. So Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour or You Can go if you're on YouTube or podcast, You Can click the link in the show notes. Andrew is in Columbus, Ohio.


Hi Andrew, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, how are you guys doing? Better than I deserve. What's up? So my wife and I have about a hundred thousand dollars in debt, not including our mortgage. We make about 80,000 a year. So we, we, I say we have made bad decisions, but it's really, I put it on me, but we've got ourselves in some pretty bad debt. So I'm just trying to figure out the best way to get out of it with the money we make because it seems like in my head we, we don't make enough. What's the debt? Credit cards, personal loan and student student loans.


How much car debt? No car debt. We own our cars outright, but we have a personal loan for 35,000 that I used to reconsolidate and then I sold the vehicle that I had to purchase that basically. Okay. So what is your car worth? The car. So I have a Ford Expedition that's probably worth 11,000 at the moment. And then we just have a smaller vehicle that's not really worth anything. It's got 200 plus thousand miles on it. And that's your two cars?


You don't have any other cars? No. Okay. And your household income again is what? 80,000. Okay. How long y'all been married? It's been three years now. We've been together for probably I think like seven. Okay. So if you cut up the credit cards and take extra jobs and don't go out to eat and don't go on vacation and live on a scorched earth budget. No life. How fast you think You Can pay this off making 80. You need to pay off a hundred. So I work on the weekends doing side jobs. It's not fully consistent, but it's probably at least twice a month that ranges anywhere from 500 to a thousand.


And I, you know, I try to use that. We, we, I just started listening to you guys like the past two weeks because really we've been arguing a lot about money trying to be on the same page, you know, and just finally, I started listening to you guys And I was like, Hey, we're, we're done with this, you know, debt stuff. We need to get my wife together 'cause we have two kids and I just, I don't want them to have a bad future, So I wanna get ourselves set so we can give them a good future, you know, and set them up. Okay. Let's pretend that you make 80 and you lived on 50 and you put 30 on debt, you'd be done in three years, Right? Let's pretend you raised that to a hundred and you put 50 on debt, you'll be done in two years, but you're both working extra jobs and you have absolutely no life and it's not an occasional thing.


You work all the time for two years and you're done. Okay. That that's how this, that's how the math shakes out. That's 24 months. Yeah. How long have you been unable to breathe? Dude, It's probably been about a year now. Okay, so go gimme me two and you're done. You're at zero. You're free Forever. Yeah. You cut up your cards and you never borrow money again. But that means you can't hem haul around every couple of weeks. Like maybe I'll have some work this weekend. That means all The time you're working. I Have a job at Costco and I go straight from there on Saturdays to throw boxes at Walmart until 11 o'clock at night. And then I get home And I get up at 6:00 AM on Sunday, I go to church, I go do it again and then I do my regular job Monday through Friday.


And she and you are locked arms and you're couponing. The kids are wearing consignment. Yes. Experienced clothing. You don't have a life, you don't get to do anything, but you get your life back two years from today forever that that's living like no one else. So later You Can live and give like no one else. You're gonna pay a price to get out of this. The deeper you cut into your life, the faster you get out. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, it does. You think she's on be on board with that? Yeah. I I absolutely think she will be on board because we've, we've talked about it now for the, you know, past couple months and we're both just tired of being stressed and arguing all the time about it.


Yeah. And we just, we wanna make a change and it's, I think it's just hard for us. 'cause it, it's hard for us to see and picture it because we're so far like behind it seems like it's just, it seems like we can't figure out where to Start. Well, I mean take a hundred, a hundred thousand in debt, right? Yes. Put 50 on it a year and you're done in two years. Agreed. Yes. Okay. In order to do that, making 80, you need to raise your part-time income by 20, that gets you to a hundred and you're then you're living on 50 and you're putting 50 on there. That's 4,000 plus dollars a month on the debt.


Okay. And that the math says you're done in two years. That's not false hope. That's real. Yeah. But, but what, but I am not saying this can be easy. I'm gonna say it's the hardest thing you've ever done in your life. It will change your life. It will transform your marriage. It will change who you are as a man two years from now. You will walk different. Okay? And if y'all stay together, this is Bootcamp. Your marriage will be so united because y'all know we can do anything together. Right? And few things light up a wife like a husband with lasers in his eyes on behalf of the family. Yeah, You Can do this, but You gotta come alive, brother.


I, I think you've got the, the language you're using and the way I'm hearing you speak after having done what I do for 30 years, you're giving me all the right signals that you're sick and tired of being sick and tired. And when you get there, you're ready to change. You're ready to do something new. If you're ready to change and you're ready to do something new, I can show you how to get out faster than anybody else. But I am warning you ahead of time. It's gonna be painful and I'm also gonna warn you ahead of time it will work. And I'm also gonna warn you ahead of time that it's worth it. You'll be free for the rest of your life. Okay? Yeah, yeah. We've been, we've been making that or talking about that for, like I said, the past couple Months. Okay's no more. Tonight it starts. We're we're game on.


I'm gonna send you Financial Peace University And I'm gonna send you EveryDollar premium free as my gift to you. 'cause I've been where you are. I've been scared, hopeless, didn't know what the crap was going on. I know exactly how it feels. It does not feel good. And then I reached the same point. I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired and it changed my life, man. That's why I'm telling you it worked. So hang on, we'll send you that and get you guys going on this. And also throw in a, a total money makeover book for the heck of it. Let's just Merry Christmas, ho ho ho. Right? Let's just make sure you get the whole dose and dunk yourself in this stuff. And listen, whatever your broke friends say, if they're making fun of you, that means you're on track. If your mother-in-law thinks you're joined a cult, that means you're on track.


Get it. Get it baby. Game on. Get it. You Can do it. This is The Ramsey Show.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on The Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. Go. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You Burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.