
Hey guys, if you're ready to get ahead with money and start building wealth this year, don't miss our free take Control of Your Money livestream. It's on January 23rd And you could win $4,000 just for signing up. You got nothing to lose. Go sign up right now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people with their money, their relationships, their work, just about any and everything. I'm John Delony, joined by my great friend Jade Warshaw, and we are taking your calls live toll free. And if you don't know what toll free means, it's because you were born in the two thousands, but we're taking your, all calls Are toll free. John, I know, I know. We're taking your calls, we're taking your emails, your texts, whatever you got going on. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Actually, I said that wrong. You can't text that number, but you can contact us any way you want. You can contact us through the Ramsey Network app, but we're taking your call. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


And hey, while I got you, it would be a huge help to all of us if you will fill out the RAMSEY survey. You can win 500 Gift Card. But here's what the RAMSEY survey is, we wanna know what you like about this show. We wanna know what you wanna change about this show, what you wanna hear more of, what are your favorite parts? Text survey to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. That's survey. SU rve Y to 3, 3, 7, 8, 9. Or you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash survey. Or if you're listening on podcast or YouTube, you can click the link in the descriptions and we're gonna put all the names in a big hat and we're gonna Give you a $500 Gift Card if we draw your name out. So thank you for doing that for us. And BTWs say nice things about us.


Okay, let's go out to Sacramento, California A and talk to Julia. What's up Julia? Hi. Good afternoon guys. Hey, I really, it's such a pleasure to be able to speak with someone and get some advice. You got it. Well, it's an honor to talk to you today. Thanks for calling. What's up? Oh, thank you. I'm calling to get some advice on retirement, please. I am 66, my husband 67 and he's an automotive service director. So we do okay. But as you know, California is so expensive. We bought a home and it appreciated in value luckily.


So we have a little bit of equity, but we still owe 300,000 on it. Mm. I mean, and we didn't buy it at the high price. You know, the thing is, we're still paying it off. He's working. I teach school, I'm not working right now. But I, I thought maybe it would be a good idea to move out of state and, you know, get somewhere less. And I could work, you know, as a, a teacher, maybe I'm older so it's hard to get a position. I already had an offer in, in Texas. I'm certified there for fourth grade. I turned it down because we were here and I don't know, he just refuses to think about retirement.


We have no savings. He's thinking he's going to get social security, keep working, put that money into the house payment. I said, well what are you gonna live on? Yeah. You know, I thought maybe we could start a little business. Like a, I'm not talking a dealership. I, I told because he said, oh yeah, you have money for that, but I shouldn't, Well, I like the idea if you guys, It's a coffee shop or a daycare. Sure. I like the idea of you guys moving out of an expensive area like California, because the truth is that, that that's a cost of living. You may not be able to maintain, but maybe living somewhere less expensive. You mentioned Texas that could, you know, depending on the part of Texas, that could be good. The problem about living in Texas is you're gonna have to figure out how to spend that extra money. 'cause there's no state income tax there.


Hey, hey. I dunno how you're gonna spend all Julia. This is just very high property tax. Yeah, They do. I know, I, I know there's the other side of that teeter-totter. I just like taking my digs where I can get, I dunno. The thing is, he, you know, he's also afraid that he won't be able to get home at our age. I know he won't get a job. Yeah. Well Let's look at the, let's look at the facts. Like let's look at the money because right now it's like a bunch of question marks around our head. So you mentioned that he kind of has his plan of living off social security. Do you guys have any clue? Like you're 67 or he's 67, so you're eligible, but if you begin taking it now, obviously you're taking it at a as at a cut as opposed to waiting. So when you wait and take that, that later distribution, do you know how much it'll be?


No. Okay. About he, he's thinking about 35 little less maybe. Okay, so let's say it's 35. You know, you can check in and find out what you think, what that number's gonna be on the IRS. But then let's look at your budget. And so it's really about taking these numbers out of the air and getting solid facts of what it will be. Can it work? If it doesn't work, how much do we need to be earning? Does that make sense? And I think that's gonna Give you a lot of peace when you can find the facts around it. It won't work. You know, you're right. It won't work. I, I told him, whatcha are you gonna work on if you put all your money? But do you, do you know that or are you guessing? Think Julia, do you know or are you guessing? Do you have a budget?


No. Yeah. Okay. That's what we need. So before we get off the call, we're gonna set you up with Christian's gonna pick up and get you an EveryDollar budget. And it's really just gonna be you. Oh my gosh. Plugging in that income and then plugging in what you guys spend money on. You've got this mortgage, how much do you pay a month for the mortgage? 3000. What? Okay. You're right. It is not gonna work. So J Julia. Yeah, here, here's a common thing. I want you to know this. You're not crazy. Your husband's not crazy. Y'all are facing a very common dilemma that I, millions and millions of 60 plus year olds are facing, especially married couples, is a, there's an ecosystem that has descended upon you the last 25 years telling you that everything in your life is coming down, everything's gonna end.


And you grew up in the, in the era of Walter Cronkite and Tom Bro, all folks that, that people trusted. And now those, that same ecosystem is telling you, you're not gonna have enough money. You're gonna die. You gotta move it all into silver and go, the whole world has shifted on your generation. My generation just assumes everybody's lying to me. Even the people telling the truth. Your generation is stuck assuming these people are telling us the truth, it's all coming down. So number one, I want you to know your fear is, is, is is okay, it's normal. But also as Jade said, here's what you desperately need with your husband. You'all need actual facts. Remember this line, facts are your friend, you have made up a story in your head that you're too old to be a teacher.


That is false. My mom is in her seventies and she's still a college professor. My dad's a teacher. Wow. He's 70. You can do it. Really? Okay. Yeah. Yes. It's just a story because when you were a kid, 60 years old felt like a million years and now you're there. You're still fun, exciting. Your students love you. They could definitely use your wisdom. It still feels like a million years. I Know, I know. But listen, you and your husband, this idea of like, I don't know, I think social security, that's not enough. So instead of talking about what are you gonna do, we have to move. I want you to sit down and use this line with your husband. I need to know what our money situation is because I'm scared to death. Will you help me be less scared?


And very few husbands will look at their wives when they say that and go, nah, I don't care if you say I need to know. Oh, He thinks he's got it all planned though. That's the thing. You know, then he Needs to show you the plan. And if you use the words, I'm scared 'cause I don't know the plan. I need to see the plan. Okay. That's a good way to phrase it. Okay. Because, because you're scared. Well, the parents were, were, you know, factory workers in General Motors. I mean we grew up in Detroit, Michigan. Yeah, of course. So, you know, everything was, I don't know, I wanna say easy for lack of a better word, But not good. You grew up in Detroit just like I grew up in Houston And you grew up in Detroit when it was all golden and great and it all went away overnight. And I grew up in Houston where Enron was the greatest thing in the world until one morning Enron didn't exist.


And So you have both of those things going on that it's just gonna all work out. And then you also have that, that like understanding in your nervous system, there's a day when everything the factory shut down. Okay? You gotta be address that fear with him. And then yeah, it's a math problem. You wanna move to Texas, you wanna move to North Carolina And you move wherever you can move. Jade was right. Can't afford $3,000. I didn. I thought about Houston, I applied to Houston, I got a call Of listen. The world is desperate for great teachers, especially licensed teachers. So you're not gonna have a problem getting a job. What you might have a problem doing is convincing your California husband to move somewhere else. That's a whole different story. And just remember, wherever you move, whatever housing situation you choose, you don't want that payment to be to be any more than 25% of your take home pay.


That's right. That's what's scaring the pants off you. You right now It's just too expensive. So we're gonna send you EveryDollar. We're gonna send you the budgeting tool and we're gonna send you Financial Peace University, the whole digital class. It's nine lessons And you and your husband commit to watching 'em together. And then you can sit down and talk about your plan together.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay outta debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Are you ready? Tomorrow night is Ramsey's biggest free live event of the year. Take control of your money. It's a live stream coming directly into your house. 350,000 people are registered and ready to do something different with their money and their lives. Wow. Jade Warshaw and Dave RAMSEY are gonna Give you the practical steps and motivation you need to find more margin in your budget and get outta debt So you can start building incredible wealth. Here's the deal. Election's over. You woke up And you looked yourself in the mirror And you are still you And you got online and looked at your checking account.


It is still what it is. You looked at your savings account overdrawn. It's still what? Yeah, overdrawn. You look at your savings and your heart stops. I understand. I've been there not wanting to call anybody. Not wanting to ask anybody's help. We are bringing the livestream to your living room. There's no excuse. It's free. We're gonna bring it to you. So go right now. Sign up at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. We're also gonna give away several different iterations of $4,000 in cash up to 2020 grand. Is that right? Yeah, that's right. So five times different iterations, meaning five different times we're gonna give away $4,000 and we had a rehearsal today. It's pretty cool. Yeah, it's gonna be awesome.


It's gonna be good. Very cool dude. So get in there, create a free EveryDollar accounts, get a bonus entry into the giveaway. We'll be using EveryDollar during the live stream to show you how to take control of your money. Yes. And again, can I restate this? It's all free. It's free. And I would just like to add, because I know we have like repeat visitors, like maybe you went to the live stream last year. I also wanna say we're showing life, we're showing EveryDollar, but we're also answering all your money questions. That's right. Like we're talking about how to get outta debt, we're talking about a little bit about investing. George and Rachel are joining us later and we're gonna do a q and a. So this will be worth your while. Trust me. It's gonna be really, really, really good. And I don't care how much money you have, how much money you make. Okay.


This is for you? Yeah. Alright, let's roll out to Pittsburgh and talk to Emily. What's up Emily? Hi. I'm so blessed to be speaking with you guys today. I've been kind of struggling with this question. It's more of a family matter than mine personally, but I'm really looking to get your insight on it. So we had estranged family members for like the last 15 years that recently reached out within the last two weeks because one of them passed away and the other needs financial support, but they're not explicitly looking for it. So basically what it looks like is, the relation to me is that there, my grandmother passed away and my uncle had been living with my grandmother and it was just the two of them for the last period of time.


And my uncle basically had no job. So they were living off of her social security and her life insurance that we found after she passed. And essentially there's nothing left. And he's dropping hint to us as the family saying, well I don't know how I'm going to like make these payments. I don't know like where my grocery bills are coming from. He's not explicitly asking for things, but it's the way that he's freezing things, that it's making us concerned that he's looking to us to be his savior. I wouldn't be concerned at all. Like, 'cause I know how this I, I know how he can get his groceries paid for it. He can get a job. Yeah. Right. Well he's, well he, he says that he can get a job.


He's not sure that he's going to be working. 'cause he does have an a health condition. What is it that is prohibiting him? I'm not exactly sure. I don't know all of the details on exactly what it is. I personally don't even believe that it is a health condition. Okay. I think he's just trying to use it as a guilt trip. Exactly. But that's my personal view on that. I don't have the facts. You're Probably right. But yeah. So I lemme ask you this. Why, why are you letting this person you haven't talked to in 15 years suddenly have a voice at your kitchen table about your integrity, your character, what you do next? Like why are you giving him a voice? I, because it's, It's, it's a moral issue. Like I, I always wanna try and be like the, the best that you can be. Right?


And so I can see this person didn't need help because they, they were honestly just poor planner. I say put themselves in this position and I get that. But I'm also kind of like the person that's like, well I do have a little bit that I could contribute towards this. What Would you But I don't want to. What would that be? Yeah, I don't What would that be if you, if you did help him, what would that look like? It would probably look like, well maybe I can Give you like so much money towards like her burial or something like that. Because they're struggling even to come up with funds for that. Okay. Listen, if you wanted to, this is grandma right, that we're talking about? Yeah. If you wanted to help, you know, grandma's funeral costs. I think that that's fine.


I, I, I don't, that part I don't have an issue with, but uncle Boo boo is the one that I'm like, okay. What would it look like for you to help him in your mind if you thought this is my job to step up and help him, what would that have been? Or what would that be in your mind's eye? I think what I'm looking for would be just like knowing that I didn't just leave him and that he's just withering away with nothing. No, but he hasn't even asked you, you know? No, he hasn't. And I guess that's kind of where part of my, my struggles coming from too is that he's not asking for it, but I think he's too proud to ask for help. Well, but I think he needs it. And I don't know another direction to point him in. How old is he? He is probably, I wanna say 62.


Where's your parents? Where's your mom or dad? They're right, they're with them and they're, they're trying to, they kind of keep distance as well. They don't want to be the ones that are saving him either. But they're, I think they're looking at, they're asking the same question. What, what is our obligation? What should we be doing as Christians? What should we be doing just as family members? I mean, to me he, he truly is a stranger, but even a stranger on the street, that's like the assume I would help. Yeah. There's two things I'm, that are going through my mind here. Number one, I would take my cues from a struggling uncle's brother and sister. That would be number one. Okay. So I would look to my mom and dad 'cause they're gonna know or who, whoever he's related to, they're gonna know better than I do.


Right? The second thing is, is I am all about helping and supporting and walking alongside and being there for the people in the margins in our world. I also have been humbled dramatically over the last 20 years because of my arrogance and my savior syndrome. Okay? And so when you see somebody that you in your head tell yourself a story that he needs this, this, and this, and I can be the person to come, that's less about Christian value and that's more about you in a weird way, using him to make yourself feel whole and okay, he hasn't asked you for help. He hasn't said we need your help.


He's done some passive aggressively dribbling of things here and there. And I would leave that to my mom or my dad, his brother and or his sister to step in and say, Hey man, what do you actually need? Like, let them have that communication together. And I maybe if I was in your case, I'd probably reach out to my dad or to my mom, whoever's closest and say, Hey, I can, we're in a position where we could contribute 500 bucks or a thousand bucks to the, to the funeral if y'all need that. And I'd go that way instead of going to some, basically a stranger, a guy who opted out of his niece's life for a decade and a half before I need to go in there and feel like I need to save the situation. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, that does make sense.


There's also an issue of this just on the financial side of it, that the reason I was asking you before, what would that look like is because sometimes we get in moments where like, oh God, you know, if I'm gonna help him. And what we're trying to help them do is really not sustainable in long run. It's not helping at all. Like if the issue is he doesn't have income coming in and he's not looking to get income coming in, you stepping in and paying an electric bill one month long term is not really a sustainable thing. So it's like, okay, what can we do? What would it look like to help in a real way that's long term? Well that's probably gonna help him find options for him to work, right? So just reframing if you did wanna help, what that help would be.


It might not actually be financially, if that makes sense. Yeah. And I think that that, that makes a lot of sense. I think that's kind of what I was kind of sitting on, but I was really debating because like I feel sorry for him because of the situation that he put himself in. Right. And I, and that's what I'm struggling with. Like, he, he did it to himself, but I, I can help sometimes, but I don't wanna help all the time. Like you said, I don't, I don't want this to be a long-term thing. Yeah. Because as he so nicely put, he did opt out. Yeah. So it is kind of like this struggle, which again, which why I was just be seeking with OPV today because it's just such an internal struggle for me. Yeah. I, I would work through my parents and just know that feeling uncomfortable does not mean your decision is is wrong.


That's Right. Thank you. If, if, if you, if you're a person of compassion, like hopefully all of us are anybody who's hurting and I'll, we'll go one step further. Okay. So we'll help out here, Emily, hang on the line. We're gonna send you an electronic version of Financial Peace University. If the call ever comes that, hey, I need some help with some of this stuff, you can say, Hey, we got you. I'll, I'll send you Financial Peace University uncle for free. And here's all nine lessons and it's gonna walk you step by step how to take control of your financial future. That's great. And that way you're giving him a fishing rod and some bait and a place to fish, but he's gonna have to bait the hook and actually throw the line in the water.


Thanks for the call. We'll be right back.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey everyone, listen, we all have stories. The family and cultural stories that we were born into, the stories of the things that have happened to us, both the good stuff and the challenging stuff. And we have those stories that we constantly tell ourselves. And none of us can go back and change any of our old stories. But the world is waiting to see what each of us is gonna write next. As we enter 2025, I encourage you to examine your old stories and be intentional about the new stories that you're gonna write. And I'm not talking about making goals that are gonna be long gone by February. I'm talking about writing new stories that will change your life and the lives of those you love for the better forever. And if you're like me, therapy can be a great place to explore the old stories and heal from them and begin writing new ones. If you're thinking about starting therapy, I want you to consider my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy And you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist And you can switch at any time for no extra cost. So start writing a new story this month with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Waral. Go out to Dallas, Texas and talk to Mary. Mary. What's up, Mary? Mary? Oh, whoops. I pushed the wrong button. I'm not the smartest guy. That's all right guy. What's up Mary? Hi, How's it going? I pushed the wrong button. Sorry. James is rolling his eyes in there at me. I'm getting better, James. I promise. What's up Mary? Hi. It's going good. So we moved to Dallas, Texas last summer. My husband's work relocated us here. There was no way out of it. He tried to find another job in California and was unsuccessful.


And so now we're here, we're in the Frisco, Texas area. Yep. I'm just wondering if this is, if this was a good move because it's, the houses are expensive here. It just seems expensive. And we're currently renting right now and we rented our house in California and we have, we have some savings, but I just, the houses are just expensive. Did you guys do any research before you loaded up the truck and Moved to Beverly? We, we did, but I mean, it was, we moved or my husband doesn't have a job and then I would be the breadwinner.


Yeah. This doesn't sound like it's about houses though, 'cause it's expensive in, in California too. This just sounds like you haven't found a community or a connection or there's a cultural fit or something like that. It's okay to say right. It's okay to say we moved and we tried something and we don't like it. That's okay. That's Also true. Yeah. Well, I I I'm trying to like it. My husband likes it. He likes Texas. Okay, So what is it like you don't about it? College of California? Well, my family's all in California. There you go. Okay. And, and then just the, the, the prices are here. They're in the 600,000, 700,000. Well, you're also in a very, very expensive part of Dallas.


Yes. Very expensive. And so it's, it's both true. Frisco, Texas is very, very expensive place to live. And it's not super all the way, 100% honest. When you can move over to Arlington 30 minutes away or 40 minutes away. I mean, there's, there's, there's places where you can move that are less expensive. And I think I heard you say that you kept your California house and you're renting it. So there's, I'm assuming there's equity there that would've gone into rolling over into a, a house. Is that playing into it too? Like were you planning on selling the California house and using the equity to buy a home in, in Texas or what was the plan there? No, so our plan was to just keep that as an investment.


So we owe about 289,000 and the house is worth about 620,000. Okay. And we're renting it out. We don't make very much, we come up making about maybe $300 every month, but we just wanted to keep it as a rental property. And we do have about 294,000 in a high yield interest account right now, and then about 40,000 in our checking and savings. So we don't, I I don't know if you just pay off the house in California. I use that for a down payment. Yeah. Yes. Your money issues are not money issues. Just, just, just hold that because you are investing on, on, in your right hand and in your left hand you're renting.


Right. So you have this one dream. Like we wanna have a rental property as, as some people in America. Like so many people think that that's But it's At your expense. Yeah. But you're the one suffering from it. And So you could sell that have $400,000 plus you got a couple of hundred. You could write a check for a house where you are right now. And so it's not about the money. Right. What is it about Texas you don't like or about your area that you don't like? Or about the changes in your husband that you like? What is it besides I miss my family or I miss the weather or I miss, Which are big things. I don't Know. Those are all real things, but be honest about what you miss. I I miss my job back in California. There you go. You know, I was making a little bit more over there too than I am here.


Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. So have you had like a f this sounds cheesy. Have you had a funeral for what was, 'cause it sounds like keeping in the house in California also allows you to keep a foot there. It's kinda like you broke up with an old boyfriend, you're dating somebody new, but you, but you kept the photos. You, you kept all the photos and y'all still talk all the time. Yeah. And so you're never gonna give this new boyfriend a full shot because you're still longing for the old stuff. That's good job. And the old stuff was great. It was awesome. Right. Hello? We, we We're, we're we're waiting on you, on you to sift it out. Hear it out.


I mean, I wanna ask the question. So you made this move the purpose of it, was it, just tell me the, the full purpose of it, what you were trying to accomplish. Okay, so this my husband's job, the, the headquarters is moving to Dallas, Texas. And he kept telling me, you know, it's gonna be great over there. You know, you'll be able to, I'm a nurse practitioner, said, you're gonna be able to get a job, you know, we'll be able to rent this house in California and it'll be our investment property and then we can buy something else over there. It'll be good. It was, you know, this big old dream.


So it's working for Him and then we come here, right? Yeah. 'cause he didn't lose his job. He has his job And he's still loving his job. No, he doesn't like his job. He doesn't listen. The job market right now is so bad, but he's having a hard time trying to find something else. Yeah. I mean, I I'm thinking about the first thing John said, which is you try something, it doesn't work. That's okay. If it doesn't work Yeah. Call it, call it. You know. But I do think you're talking about, I I, let me leave you with two thoughts. A when my husband and I moved here to Nashville for this job from South Florida, we've been here two and a half years and I am just married, like, just starting to be cool.


Like, it, it's, it takes time. So I wanna say that, that there, like, you're not gonna move from an area, uproot your whole life, leave your family, leave your friends and be good in six weeks or six months. Like, it takes time to like get in and get settled. So there's that side of it. But then there's also the side of it. If, if you're looking at him and he's looking at you and you're like, listen, we made a mistake, or I hate my job. You hate your job. We don't even like the price of houses. We don't even like the people. Like if you're really checking all those boxes, I like, I'm the type of person, John, I'll sit down and make a, a checklist, like old school style and, and check the things that are positives and check the things that are negatives and like weigh it out literally.


And see, okay, of all the things that we said are important, we're, we're not checking any of the boxes or we're only checking one and California was checking nine. You know, and that helps you get a clear read on what's really going on, like real time and not just how you're feeling in a moment because something happened at work. And sometimes when people say the job market is so bad, it's so bad, it might be in your field or in his field. And that's when you have to ask ael yourself a bigger question And you gotta do what I did. You gotta do what Jay did. And that is shift into your entire career trajectory into another job. Yeah. The job I have right now did not exist. There was no such thing as a podcast or YouTube when I graduated from college.


And so the world has shifted. Right. And so y'all might have to ask yourself that question. I love Jade's. You know, what'd be awesome if y'all two just went on a a year one retreat Yeah. And just did a retrospective. That's great. I love you. You love me. We're on the same team. We're gonna make this, we, we get to pick whatever we wanna do with our one wild and crazy life. We have half a million dollars in equity and a quarter million dollars in cash. We're okay. Let's be honest. And don't, you can't be deceitful Mary. You gotta be honest about what you have loved about this move. And you gotta be honest about what you don't like. And both of y'all make your list, you'll talk about it and then you can put your hands together and say, all right, I've been a nurse practitioner forever.


I'm gonna start looking at home health. Or he's been, I don't know, he sells oil products or something and now he's gonna start selling jackets, right? I, I don't know. But that's because our priority is we wanna go back to California. Can I also throw one other little variable in there? Yes. Mary, are you there? Yes. Lemme throw one more thing in there. When I left my childhood area of Houston area and I moved out to West Texas and the first big giant storm came through Houston, I remember being glued to my phone because those were my people and that was my home. And I felt so powerless being that far away.


And if you are finishing up year one And you have been glued to your phone for the last month watching these fires ravaged parts of your home, then I want you to be honest about it just feels weird not being there with your people and with your family and being able to put eyes and hands on those that you love and that's normal. That doesn't mean you uproot everything if everything else isn't need to be uprooted. But that feeling of powerlessness because you're not right there with it. That's real and that's good and that's holy and that's right. And you just have to acknowledge it. So y'all go on a one year retreat, go through it all and say what do we love? What do we not love? I love Jade's idea there. And then y'all make some fact informed decisions about what you're gonna do next.


You get one shot at life, go live it.


Well, Hey George Kamel here with a not so fun fact. Every American social security number, including our children's, has been hacked and is now on the dark web. And this is not a scare tactic. This isn't fear mongering. It's a reality that could turn into a nightmare for a lot of people. And believe me, I've been a victim of identity theft and I would prefer it never happen again. Because once the bad guys have your social, it's the lifeblood for all of their activity. Think of all the places you use, your social, your banking, your employer, government offices, utilities, cell phone companies everywhere. And once they've got it, thieves can open new accounts, drain existing ones, steal payroll and wreak havoc all in your name. Not cool. And to be real, it's not a matter of if but when. So you've got to protect yourself with Xander's id theft protection. Xandr has all the cyber tools to help, including home title monitoring, full recovery services if you do become a victim. And stolen funds protection. Not to mention it's the best value on the market. They've been protecting my family for over a decade and I trust them to protect yours too. So get enrolled today by calling 803 5 6 42 82 or just visit xandr.com. That's Z-A-N-D-E r.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by one of the greatest people on the planet, Jade Warhol.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi, refinances defaulted private student loans. Defaulted means when the borrower can't make the required payments. So if that describes you and your private student loan contact, Why Refi? They can offer a low fixed rate loan built just for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. And this is not available in all states.


All righty. Today's question comes from Mark in Pennsylvania. He says, I'm engaged to a wonderful woman. We earn about $150,000 combined. We have a joint bank account because I want it to be our money and not my money. Love that. The problem comes up when we have our monthly budget meeting and she sees that we have a thousand dollars extra in the account once everything is paid. I know by the next payday in two weeks there will be zero. We have gotten our total debt down from 75,000 to 35,000. But I want to get that to zero. How? What can I do to regain some financial peace? So if I'm understanding this correctly, John, they've got a thousand dollars of margin, but it sounds like it's just getting spent on whatever.


Yeah, not In two weeks. It's zero. That thousand bucks isn't getting assigned. Yeah, So exactly John just hit the nail on the head. When you do an EveryDollar budget, let me just clear up a common mis misconception. A lot of people think that when they do their budget, the budget is just for the things that I am supposed to plan for. Like those the things that make me an adult, right? My rent, my electricity, my phone bill, like I gotta plan for groceries. But then they see the extra money and go, okay, like that's treat yourself like that's up for grabs. We can do what we want. And in a way it is up for grabs, but you decide what you're gonna grab it for, if that makes sense. So when you do an EveryDollar budget, you decide how you're gonna spend every single dollar ahead of time, not just the important dollars.


Does that make sense? So I say to people all the time, it's not to say that it's gotta be like this negative thing. When you're planning every single dollar, you're still planning the fun stuff too. So if your wife has a fun category, although in this phase I would say not yet because you're paying off debt, but let's just pretend Yeah. You're spending that thousand dollars as well. So you're saying, okay, $70 is gonna go to get nails done, a hundred dollars is gonna go towards entertainment, $200 is gonna go towards restaurants. And you're deciding how all of that is spent. That way if your wife rolls out to Target, she's got a $75 line item that says, yeah, this is like my blow money at Target. Right? And then you walk away from all of your spending for the month feeling fine about it because you didn't break any rules, right?


'cause there were guardrails there. How important is it, Jade, as you're talking, this is probably the the worst analogy I could think of, but I'm thinking back to like middle school and high school with, with the youth pastor who says you need to make a decision about your boundaries before you go on the date. Yeah. Because if you wait till you're on the date, it's too late. Right? Yeah. It feels like it's important to make a decision with, with this quote unquote thousand extra on the first day of the month. Because if you just know it's in there, it's so easy to go out to eat and be like, let's get appetizers and drinks too. Yeah. Because, and then you wake up and it's gone. You, you spent it on stuff that you wish you hadn't have spent it on. So it feels important to, when everybody's of sober mind and they're being less emotional and more rational, we're just looking at a budget, let's go ahead and assign this where it goes that way on the 21st when we're out of eat out money.


Yeah. We gotta figure it out and we gotta eat at home. Yes. It's too hard when there's a thousand bucks. Is there Abs? You're exactly right. Taking it outta the heat of the moment is great because nobody makes good decisions when they're feeling in heat of the moment. They're the of right. That's right. I want this now. So that is a great thing also, I feel like when you do that ahead of time, as in a, in a spousal relationship for sure, it, it takes the, the sneakiness out of it. Yeah. Do you know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, totally. Like when there's just a lump sum there that's up for grabs, anybody can do it. If you get to it first And you spend it, you kind of feel this thing of like, I don't wanna show them that I did it 'cause they're gonna be asking questions so I'm gonna hide it over here. Or I'm gonna like bring it in in, in pieces into the house.


Right? You're doing all these things to kind of hide that you've spent the money as opposed to being a grown adult and saying, no, I have $200 I get to spend. Or we assigned this to that and then you're like, you're golden after that. You don't have to be feeling bad. Now in his case, he's like, I wanna use all this to put it towards the debt. My guy Mark is absolutely correct in baby step two, now's not the time to be spending on a bunch of extras. Margin should go towards debt. The smallest debt. It's funny you mentioned that in, in my marriage, when there's extra money like that in the past I, I was such an idiot, I might spend $40 of that and then if my wife spent 60 bucks, I would somehow feel superior. Like, like You did better. What, Where are you spending all this money?


Yeah, exactly. Like I, I only, yeah, I'm keeping score. It's so stupid. That's Yes. But people do that. Just budget it and budget it. Yeah. And you can spend whatever you want to. That's right. That's right. That's right. Alright, good deal. Let's go out to Little Rock, Arkansas and talk to Mark. Hey Mark. What's up man? Oh, not much. How are you Doing? Good. Sorry I messed up the phones there earlier on an earlier call. What's up brother? Yes. We're, we're trying to get outta that. Got about 250,000 including our mortgage and doctors and credit cards. And so we're working on that and we just wondering where I both, I'm 51, wife's 48, So we know in the like next 10, 15 years, so we'll retire. So is it still wise to hold off on investing and pause that and pay the debt?


Because also we'll have an opportunity that if we can sell our house, we can move on to some family land and put a trailer there to cut down on cost. So just didn't know what the best plan is. Okay. So we've got a couple of things on the table. We're talking about debt, we're talking about investing and we're talking about future home settlement, right? Like living on land. Yes ma'am. Living in a different house. Okay. I love this question because I think what you're facing is a, a, a flurry that all of us are facing, right? What do I focus on first? They're all really, really important things. Enter the baby steps because it really helps us focus on the right thing at the right time because everything that you're talking about are important things, but you gotta prioritize them in order of importance. So first off, in order to be able to do the things you want to do, you want to be able to invest in this land one day.


You want to be able to invest for retirement. That takes cash. That takes money. And Dave RAMSEY would say all the time, your income is your biggest wealth building tool. Therefore how can we get more of our income back in our pocket? Pay off your debt. Right? Because you're probably giving away. I mean if you were to calculate how much you're giving away every month in payments, what do you think it would be? Oh, it's close to 60%. We've already done that. Yeah. Yeah. So that's a lot. So that points to your first answer. Yes. I think you should clear the debt first. So how much is it? About 240,000, two 50, something like that. And is that including? Including our, including our Mortgage. Okay. So let's pull out the mortgage and tell me what you have in consumer debt.


What's a hundred and take about 180 outta that. Okay. I'm not good with math off the top of my head. Okay, that's fine. And so tell me what type of debt it is. Credit cards. A personal loan and medical bills. Okay. Tell me how much the credit cards are. Tell me how much the personal loans are and tell me how much the medicals are. The credit cards are. They're probably close to 20,000. Okay. Then that personal loan. Personal loan's, probably about 23,000. Okay. And then that medical debt. And I don't have an exact number on the medical debt 'cause I just figured it all up as one because there's a bunch of little different doctors for probably say, If you had to guess. I Don't know, probably, probably about 2,500, 3000.


Okay. Okay. So of course that's gonna go first since it's the smallest debt in this whole thing. And tell me about what you guys earn. What's your income? Combined? Combined. Combined. We make about 115,000. Before that is if I don't get any overtime or anything. Okay, so monthly. What does that look like? Every month? What does it look like? You bring in Probably about 3000, 2,600. Okay. 2,600 plus 3000. So about 56, 6,000. Okay, good. So off the bat, my first like thing for you, and it's always gonna be the budget. I want for you to know these numbers. The budget's gonna make you know the numbers like the back of your hand. There's not gonna be any guessing.


There's not gonna be any because you're gonna be so dialed into it because you're focused on taking every little bit and throwing it at this debt is what it's gonna amount to. So with your income, assuming that your current housing situation, it's is in its proper, proper place, what are you paying every, every month for rent or mortgage? About 1600 a Month. Okay. Yeah, you're good. So there's no reason that you shouldn't be knocking this debt out, going very quickly. 2,500 on that medical debt should be gone super fast, right? How many kids do you guys have Right quick? We have three still at Home. Okay. So this is gonna be everybody, the whole family. We're sitting down together, dad and mom are saying, here's what we're doing next.


We've gotta get out of debt because we've gotta get our life together and here's how we're gonna do it. You guys are gonna see us cutting back big time. Once you cut that, once you knock this debt out, you're saving up three to six months of expenses and then you're gonna start investing 15% for retirement. You're in your forties, I promise you it's not too late, but you've gotta get on this now And don't go move into a trailer on Family land just yet. This is The Ramsey Show.


Have you gotten one of those texts recently claiming to be the USPS with some sketchy link to update your address? It's annoying and a little terrifying it And you probably think to yourself, I should do something about this. But where do you even start? Well, as your nerdy friend who does the research for you, I found the solution. They're called Delete Me. And here's the reason they come in the clutch. The internet is packed with data brokers, which are these shady companies whose sole purpose is to collect your personal info and sell it for a profit. Enter Delete me. Delete me. Swoops in, finds your info on these sites and removes it on your behalf. They even send you a report with all the details. And so far for me personally, they have reviewed 27,000 listings, removed my info from 240 data brokers and saved me 66 hours in the process. I trust Deleteme to help protect my family. And I trust them to help you too. You're gonna get fewer spam texts, fewer phishing emails, and fewer creepy robo calls. And Deleteme also makes a great gift for other people in your life that you care about. Individual plans start at just $9 a month. So take an easy step to protect yourself and your loved ones today. And as a RAMSEY fan, you'll get an extra 20% off any of their plans@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Live from Nashville, Tennessee. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw. We are taking your calls on money, life building wealth, your savings and checking accounts, your relationships, your work, whatever you got going on in your life. We are taking your calls live. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go out to Orlando, Florida. In Orlando, Florida. I was just making Orlando. That's right. Orlando, Florida. I I called it Orlando James 'cause it's snowing there right now, which is very strange. Let's go to Orlando and talk to Jessica. Hey Jessica. What's up? Hi, how Are you? I'm fantastic. How are you?


Can't complain. Well, I can, but it does no good. Right? I was gonna say, lots of people complain. Just didn't do anything. What's up? Okay, so my question is, my husband and I are, we were in the process of buying a home, found out we can't do that. We let our apartment go So we could save up for closing cloth. And now we are, I guess, technically homeless. Oh, how can we Wait? Why, why can't you, why, why can't you buy a house? Yeah, Well, or Get another apartment, Right? Well he, he had an eviction from a few years ago.


We let our apartment go, which is I guess technically according to the courts in Florida, like an eviction. Wh When you say you just let your apartment go, you mean y'all just moved out and quit paying on it with the signed lease? Well We, we, we broke the lease. Yes. Because the lender that we were working with completely assured us that there was no problems. We were gonna be in our home in 30 days. Just make sure you have the closing costs. We had to down payment covered. Yeah, But that doesn't Answer the previous question. They would've, they, the apartment would've sued you 'cause you broke your lease. Like you have to pay the lease out. They actually were very, very good about like the whole situation.


Except that except that they have y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all have the lease on your credit card. An eviction. Yeah. Right. Help us understand. So, 'cause what John and I are hearing is that you're saying, Hey, we let the lease go and it's all good, but at the same time, you letting the lease go is what caused the eviction, which caused you not to get in your house. And people might've been nice to you, but you can't just walk away from your lease. Right? Well, we explained the situation that we were in, that we, you know, we weren't gonna pay the rent for the last month. And they said, okay, as long as you're out by a certain date, it'll be fine. So Do you have a name and number of the person who said that and the date they said it and In writing?


Yes. Yes. They sent you a something in writing? Yes. Then I would go back into the, into the office, into the main office and say, Hey, I have this documentation here. It says it's good. Y'all filed on my credit report. You have 15 days to remove it. Remove it, okay. Or we're gonna have to get an attorney because y'all are violating what you told us. Okay. Yeah. I think it's as simple as that. I mean, if you have it in writing, in writing that said that your lease is terminated and it's all good And you owe $0 and it's terminated on this date. Yeah, that's, that's, that feels simple to me. I don't know why, but I feel like there's more to it than that. Yeah. Is there? Okay. Not really. No, Because here's the thing, a bank, if they pull up a, your credit report and you've been evicted from a house, right?


You have just bailed on a lease 'cause you don't wanna pay it anymore and somebody somewhere told you No, it's cool man. It's cool. It's totally cool, dude. Of course they're not gonna loan you money because your track record says you just don't, don't really care what you sign your name to, you just do whatever you want to do. Right. So that makes sense. So yeah, you need to go fight for your credit report on that front end. And then, I don't know what your husband does about the eviction. Did he actually get evicted from a house? He did, yes. Okay. How long ago was that? 22. Okay. And was what caused, what caused that? Was that, was this before you entered the picture? No, we were together at that point, but the apartment was in his name. Okay. What ha what happened to cause that It was like right at the end of Covid.


Okay. So His income wasn't, He couldn't afford the apartment, Right? He couldn't afford the apartment. He had qualified for rental assistance, but the place that we were living in just refused to take it. Okay. So they were just like, all right, you guys gotta go. Okay. I I, I, I hear what you're saying, right. I wanna make sure, I would just check and double check that this home purchase that you're making coming up is a great fit. That you guys are crossing all your T's and dotting all your i's. 'cause I don't want a pattern. I see a pattern. Correct? Yeah. Yeah.


I don't want that pattern either. Yeah. Yes. And I, you know, I'm a stay at home mom and he's the, we only have one income. So it's like, I just wanna make sure, because when I go to buy a house, and don't get me wrong, when you buy a house, it is a eye eyeopening experience. You're learning something new at every Term. You sign a phone, book's worth of papers. Yes. And it's a whole thing, right? But there is also a level of due diligence that you want to do ahead of time before you start getting other folks involved. And a lot of that is reviewing your credit, reviewing what your numbers are, looking at the income, all of that stuff. I want you guys to take so much control of this and not make rash decisions like getting out of your lease before you've even checked your own credit.


Right. Because you should, you would know that that eviction is there. You know, and that's kind of what I mean by that. I want you guys really dialed in doing your due diligence getting ahead of things and not letting it just kind of happen and not making rash choices of like, we love this house. Let's get outta the lease. Forget the payment. We don't have to do, like, I just, John, I'm not trying to No, I think you too much in, I just, I just, I feel like I'm hear I'm, I'm, I'm hearing part of the story just 'cause there's there another, is there another layer to this? No, there isn't. I mean, you know, the, the lender that we were working with, you know, we asked all these questions, is there going to be a problem? Is, you know, can you assure that we are going to get into this house?


Because otherwise we were, we weren't gonna do what we did. Yeah. And she was like, no, no, no. Everything is fine on my end. Everything is fine. Okay. And then, you know, it wasn't So, so tell us. Okay, well if that's it, then it's as simple as John said before. I mean, I'm not gonna beat a dead horse. Yeah. Go to them. Say, you need to remove this from my credit. Contest it on your credit. And then once it's removed, go back through with the, the situation. If you want my advice, which I know you didn't ask this, but I would not be buying a house unless I was completely debt free with three to six months of expenses saved in a high yield savings account. And I'd wanna make sure that I'm putting down five per, anywhere between five to 20%. You could do more, but no less than 5%.


And the payment doesn't need to be any more than 25% of your take home pay. That's wisdom in this situation. I hope that you take it Well. And here's one layer deep. Again, you didn't ask for this, Jessica. I hear something in your voice. And man, I I, I don't mind being wrong that you know, you're married to a guy who all of your eggs are in this basket. Not just, not just relationally, but financially. You're at home and for a second time he has signed his name to a piece of paper and just walked away from it. And rarely does that pattern of behavior exist in only one's sphere that you're a person of integrity everywhere. Except, eh, when it just comes to leases, I don't really care about 'em.


And so if that's the case And you have just doubts in your gut about buying a house, 'cause dude, they will come for both of you. If you buy a house, they'll take your home from you. Right. And that's a scary, scary proposition. So before you buy a house, make sure we got the money and if we sign a 30 year note, we're prepared to be here 30 years or pay this thing off, or a 15 year note, we're prepared to sign this thing and not leave. 'cause you can't just walk away. You can't just walk away. Jade. It's, it's, It's frustrating when life changes. And I have a new idea, but I've signed my name to a Yes contract. Yes. And the right thing to do almost always is to, I said, this is I, this is what I said I was gonna do and I'm gonna honor that thing.


It almost always comes back to bike check. Yeah, always. That's right. That's right. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender, 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Let's be real. If I had a dollar for every time Ramsey Solutions gave away free money, I'd probably be rich enough to give out my own cash prizes. And here's another one for you. We're giving away $20,000 at the take control of your money live stream on January 23rd. I don't know about you, but I'm definitely signing up for this event. Plus my friends Dave RAMSEY, Jade Warshaw, and Rachel Cruz will be there too. We'll be talking about how you can make real progress on your money goals. Maybe you're wanting to knock out some debt, maybe you're ready to start saving for a house. Maybe you wanna build for the future, or maybe you just wanna stop cringing every time you need to buy eggs. This live stream is for you. It's your time to ask us whatever you want about money. It'll be kinda like a New Year's party, money pep talk, and a live q and a all rolled into one amazing event. Plus, if we're lucky, a little comedy on the side. And no, I will not be charging for my dad jokes. So listen, if you're ready to take back control of your money or you just want a chance to win some extra cash, join us. Go sign up now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Are you ready? Yes, we are. Tomorrow night is Ramsey's biggest live stream, and it is totally free. It's the RAMSEY team, Dave and Jade in your living room, on your phone, on your iPad, on your big screen, however you consume it, 350,000 people have already registered and they're ready to do something different with their money. And so listen, Jade and Dave, we are gonna Give you practical tips and the motivation you need to start building wealth, fine margin, get outta debt, do all this stuff, but we're gonna Give you step by step playbook. And Jade, I take calls for like personal calls on my cell phone from folks all over the country who have incomes that I can't even wrap my head around.


Yeah. And they, I could hear the courage it's taking. They, they, it's building a building and they say, Hey, okay, walk me through this budget thing. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And it's embarrassing. It's embarrassing, right? It, it shouldn't be. It shouldn't be, but it's, yeah, it's right. Yeah. And so this is a way you can learn step by step And you don't gotta ask anybody anything, but if you do wanna ask at the end of the live stream, Rachel, Cruz and George are gonna join you guys. Yes. For live q and a. Your questions are gonna get answered and you're gonna help a whole, whole bunch of people. Yeah. This is gonna, I mean, to your point, this is one of those almost like asking for a friend, right? That's right. You don't have to put yourself out there. You can put on your pajamas and heat up your Lean Cuisine and just watch it on the couch and get all the answers you want.


But you know, I hope you do get involved. Get involved in the chat, ask your questions. I would love to remove the stigma from, you know, talking about money and being real with your money because chances are the way you're feeling, the person next to you is like, oh man, I Guarantee it. Me too. And then your question becomes a blessing for everybody. Yeah. Right? Yeah. It makes people feel not so alone. And one question answers it for everybody. That's right. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream. We're also giving away five to five different people, $4,000 in cash. Ooh. And there are a few things in the world more fun than giving away Dave Ramsey's money cash. So sign up and if you create a free EveryDollar account, you'll get a bonus entry into the give giveaway. We're gonna be using EveryDollar throughout the live stream, and they're gonna show you immediate ways you can take control of your money.


So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash livestream tomorrow night, 7:00 PM Central for free. No more excuses Bluff called Get Right With Your Money in 2025. Let's go out to Nashville's or let's go right down the street and talk to Johnny. Five. What's up Johnny? Hello. What's up? I have 40,000 in debt and I have been put on short term disability and I'm at a breaking point to where my credit card bills are going to go behind. Oh man. What happened, brother? Mental health issues. I had to have medication changes and they took me outta work for it.


And it's been a month and a half. I had a thousand dollars saved up for it and I floated all my bills for that month and I'm out of funds and I'm at the point to where everything's about to run behind. Yeah. Is there any chance you, I'm assuming you've, you've looked into this any chance you had disability insurance through your job? Yes. I'm on short-term disability right now. So You're getting some money? Just not enough. I'm getting 300 a week. Okay. And my wife does work, but she's only bringing in a thousand every two weeks. Okay. What does she do Prior?


She works in a factory. Okay. Okay. And she's getting a thousand every two weeks. Okay. So you guys are at 3,200 a month? Yes. Is she working full-time or is that part-time work? No, that's full-time. Prior to me going on short term, we were bringing in roughly 5,000 a month. But me being on short term has cut my funds by about two grand. How Long are you gonna be out, brother? I'm dated to go back in March. But it could be sooner or they could decide to extend it. I don't really know. It's up to my doctor. How are you feeling? I'm all right right now.


Yeah. But like I said, this debt's, you know, stressing me out. Sure. Absolutely. Hmm. Okay. I'm looking at this and the, there's a, there's the issue of the short-term disability. You're gonna be off of that soon. When do you, when, when are you projected to be back full in action? 3, 2, 3. Two. Okay. So in March, the, the, the, the clouds part And you can start to see a better day. But in that meantime, I still think that there's an income issue here. You know, your wife's working full time to make 24,000 a year before, you know, after tax.


That's, that's, that's tough right there for 40 hours a week. I'd love to start looking at a, a trajectory that gets you guys' income up so that you can start making headway on this debt. That's what I would be interested in long term. So before you get off the call, I wanna get you guys set up with King Coleman because he's got a lot of great materials out there just for career projection, whether this is for your wife or for you. I want to get you guys in a better situation to where you're paying off this debt faster, you're doing work you love, and you're really getting to that point of financial piece that we all wanna get to. Here's a couple of things you can, Johnny, you can do. Okay? If, if I'm, I'm just trying to project myself. I, I'm your neighbor. I live here in Nashville. I, if I'm you, if I woke up and found myself in your exact spot, the first thing I would do is I'd sit down with my wife and y'all have to figure out a way that at least for the next 30 or 60 days, she can make some more money.


And no husband wants to have that conversation, but that, that's just the financial reality you'll find yourselves in. So if she goes and does this job and then she delivers pizzas in the morning and or in the evening and drives Uber, people do the airport in the morning. She can be exhausted in 60 days, two months, but y'all aren't going to get buried underneath this, underneath this deal. And you can say, Hey, I'll take care of the house. My purpose for the next 30 days while I'm getting well, is I'll make sure there's, we got breakfast and dinner, I'll take care of that. But y'all, y'all, y'all need to get some cash in your home quickly. The second thing I would do is I would call those credit cards and just, I don't know, I don't know if this will, you know, this in 5 cents will buy you a cup of coffee, but you complete and say, I need a 30 or 60 day stay on my account.


I've had a medical issue, I'm on short-term disability, I'm scheduled to go back March 2nd. Can I roll these things? And that might, they might do that for you. See, I did that with one credit card and they cut my bill in half, but they canceled the card and put me on a 60 month plan. Okay? And by doing that, drop my FCO score by about 70 points, could Care less about my FICO score score. Right Now, the least important thing in this equation, Care less. Okay. So here's my next question. One of my, one of my ways of thinking was I don't care about my credit cards. My house payment's only $300 plus land taxes plus insurance.


That's I not counting my debt or credit cards. My, the bills to run the house is about two grand. Okay? Now, I don't care about my credit cards, I don't care about my debt. My house is five years out from being paid off. Great. My car is 10 months out from being paid off. Okay? I want to keep my house paid. I want to keep my cars paid. I was willing to let my my credit cards get behind and then call them and see if I can get the same deal off of them once I get back. You don't do it after it's already sailed.


Well, the ship's already sailed. And, and why would you need to do that? Because you told me, as it stands right now on, on disability, you're at 3,200. But then you just told me it takes 2K to make your house run. So what's happening to the other 1200? It's, it's more like 2300. That leaves us about 700 bucks for food. Okay. Where, when you said it's more like 2300, what happened to the other money? Because before you said 1200 for you and your wife make brings home 2000, a thousand a week, or I'm sorry, a thousand every two weeks. Yeah, she's bringing in 2000. I'm making about 1200. The light, The gas, the all that added up together on top of my car payment and my house payment coming out just over two grand.


Okay. So what I want you to do, I want you to throw this in EveryDollar because you're doing the type of budget that I, the type of budget where you only plan the things that you think are important, but you forget to add the other stuff. I want you to budget every single dollar of this money. So before you get off the line, we'll get it for you. And I want you to put your income at the top, your wife's income at the top, and then go through line by line EveryDollar. I'll have some default categories there to kind of prompt your mind and get you thinking of what you're spending money on. But be sure to add everything in there. I'm talking about grandma's birthday, you know, you stopping off at, at, at Wawa to get a snack. All of that, put it into the budget. And I think you might find that there's more money than you think and that might Give you a little peace in this situation.


And that $700 in food for the next 30 or 60 days, y'all are beans and rice in it. Yeah. And you can bring your kids in there to help cook and make it, make the food. But y'all are eating as cheaply as possible. Thanks for the call brother. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Taking care of your health doesn't have to cost a fortune. That's why Field of Greens is in my house. Field of Greens is made from fruits and veggies selected by doctors to support your heart, liver, kidneys, and metabolism. And here's the best part. They're so confident your doctor will notice your improved health. They offer a money back guarantee, no questions asked. Try today and get 15% off at Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY promo code RAMSEY Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey guys, I've got a big announcement. George Kamel and I are bringing back investing Essentials, our two night virtual event, deep diving into investing and real estate learn step by step, how to get the most out of your 401k mutual funds and real estate investments because there's no better time to get the clarity you need to invest with confidence. Watch live on March 4th and fifth. Get tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by my great friend Jade Warshaw. Go to Raleigh, North Carolina and talk to Jake. What's up Jake? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I'll get right to the point. I live in an expensive city and my question is regarding buying a home. Okay. Am I better off, am I better off liquidating my brokerage accounts to put down a a down payment? Or should I aim for the, you know, I know Mr. RAMSEY talks about, you know, 15 year mortgage, 25% of my income would, which would be a very, very, not a very good place where I live.


Okay. When You, so, so the question is, you know, how do I save up and hope that I can save up to buy a home cash? Do I liquidate these brokerage accounts that I have saved up over my years? I'm almost 50 years old by the way. Okay. To, to lower that mortgage payment. I'm getting varying advice from friends and family and so forth and, and online as well. So, Okay. That's a good question. So how, first off, what are you looking to spend? Do you kind of have a range that you're like between here and here or does that depend on what we Yeah, Yeah. So I'm, I mean I'm in a good financial situation. The houses I'm looking at are probably in the one to 1.5 million range.


Okay. And the reason why I can't, I would love to move out rural, but you know, I have a special needs child, all the resources and the schools are in the city. It's just not realistic to have to drive, you know, 45 minutes or to, I have my hear kid wake up early. Sure. Or, or, and we can't make a lot of business, you know, appointments Sure. That are in business hours. So I'm kind of stuck in this range I'm renting right now. Okay. So yeah, that's the kind of range I'm at. The one to 1.5 million. Well, what's in the brokerage account? What's non-retirement? Five. 500 K. 500,000. Now when you put that money aside in that brokerage account, what in your mind was the purpose of it? To buy a home or was it for something else?


No, this is just lifetime. It was just for, you know, savings and to, to add on to retirement basically. Got you. And what do you have in retirement? 401k plus IRAs, probably around a million. Okay. I'm thinking. Nice. He has do it today, dude. Yeah. Cash him today. Yeah. I I, I'm, I'm with John. I think that this money, of course I'd keep three to six months in your case. I keep six months of expenses liquid or in that, you know, you could, I I wouldn't keep it in the brokerage. I'd throw it in a high yield savings. Do you have any money liquid in a high yield savings? Yes. I, I sold my old home Okay. To move to the city. We, we recently moved here. So that, that's why I'm, I'm asking this question now at, at my age.


Yeah. But Yeah, what's, What's in that? So I took that money about two 50 KI put that in a high yield savings, you know, four point something percent, you know, from My bank. Yeah. Get what you can get. And so what el any, any other money we should know about? No, that's it. That's it. So yeah, just, just $750,000 you could put that on a house. You're good homie. You're, you're good. Yeah. I get it. Now you might, you might decide based on what, how you're trying to keep your expenses low. It sounds like you are, you might decide, yeah, I'm gonna go more for the 1 million range instead of 1.5. 'cause the truth is that's a big swing. That's a $500,000 swing. That's your entire brokerage. Right. So I would, if what you're looking for is get to get as close as possible to a cash home.


Yeah. You're looking at a 1 million and you're, you know, you're gonna wanna keep Yeah. What, like I said, six months of this out. So you got 700,000 to put down on a 1 million home. How do you feel about carrying $300,000 in a mortgage? Well, I'd feel much better. It's just, you know, people are like, why would you give up all that brokerage when you can just do a 30, you know, I know 30 year mortgage pay less, you know, long take advantage of compound in the market, blah, blah, blah. You know, that can go Down. Right? Yep. And you, you'll be losing compound on the other end with a 30 year mortgage at at 6%. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Absolute. So the, the net compound is, is I call it my sleep tax, my soul tax.


If I'm earning 8% on one end or 10% on one end and I'm spending 7% on the other, that 3% to not have a mortgage, I'm glad to pay that, especially with the special needs kids because no one could take our house away from us. Yeah. I guess it's just a little scary to lose my non-retirement account. 'cause I kind of treat that as untouchable. Right. Gotcha. Yeah. And that was the other question, do I, do I also stop contributing to my 4 0 1 Day? No, you need to continue to, you need to contr continue to contribute. 15%. And I wanna be really clear here. If you don't, like, if you say to yourself, listen, Jade, I, I have, I have my eye on the house, I want my down payment's gonna be 20%. I'm happy to put, you know, 250,000 down on this and the payment's fine for me.


Like you, this is your money And you have the, the choice you can make the choices you wanna make. Right? So you have to decide, what do I value most? Do I want, do I like this money in the brokerage sitting there and waiting for, you know, working for me? Do I only wanna use half of it? Do I want, you know, you have options here, which is the wonderful thing about your position. You're not, your back is not against a wall in any way. So you kind of have to decide what am I comfortable with partying with? And also keeping in mind that long term, the goal is, the goal is to not have a, a home payment like John said. And so run those numbers out and go, okay, by the when do I wanna retire? Because by the time I wanna retire, I want this thing paid off.


Right? And So you get, does that make sense? Yeah. I, I guess generally speaking, most of the advice I've gotten has kind of been along those lines, figure out what you're comfortable with. But I think a lot of people are like, you would be crazy to liquidate everything and reduce that mortgage. Oh, so Jake, lemme just tell you over it. Can I just tell you I just did that? Sure. Yeah. I did that less than a year ago. Yeah. Didn didn't have it in a brokerage account. I had it in a high yield savings account. But I, growing up in the house that I grew up in was very uncomfortable with Yeah. With money. And I accumulated a chunk of change and I did not realize how much of my identity and safety I was putting in that savings account.


So when my wife and I, for reasons not quite similar to yours, but very similar to yours, she, she's one of these newfound wives that wants cell signal and she wants to not have to drive an hour to drop the kids off in school, stuff like that. Right? Yeah. And so, yeah, I took that money out. And here's the thing. I had, I had two or three months of, oh my gosh, I put all of my faith and all of my safety and security. Not in my faith, not in my family, not in my work, not in you have a million dollars in savings, by the way, in your retirement account, right? Yes. And so nobody's starving here. You're good, you're fine. It, it became, oh, this is all about me and me putting safety in the wrong things.


Yeah. Maybe you run out, run the numbers out. If I were you, I would sit and go, okay, I've got the million dollars and what's that gonna look like 10 years from now when I'm 60? If I continue to contribute 15% of my income, you already know a a lump sum is gonna double every seven years. But continue to add your contributions on top of that. No. Knowing that retirement wise, you're gonna be fine is also gonna play into the decision that you make here. And then yeah, run it out with, okay, well what if I take, what if I keep 250 of the, of the brokerage in there? What is that? How, how does that change the numbers? And then ultimately yeah, run back, run that through. Okay, what's my legacy gonna be? I've got the special needs child. What do I need to leave to them? Like, run those numbers right?


And you're gonna see all of your options and what makes sense. What you're gonna feel like, you know, at the end of the day is excess and better serve that, that would better serve you now today in this new house. So I think that's gonna Give you a lot of insight. There's not a wrong, there's not a wrong answer here. The only wrong answer is to, you know, go into debt and do it at 30% and do it to the point of you're never paying it off and that sort of thing. So, And I think the other thing that I would classify as quote unquote wrong here, and I don't like to use that language all the time, is don't not do something. 'cause you're scared. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. You have $1.5 million not including a cash account with $250,000 in it.


And, and I, I missed it. What, what's your take home? What's your salary After taxes and contributions? About 15 KA month. Okay. Yeah. Listen, so Here's the thing. Yeah. You're plan on house money. Yeah. And so the thing, the thing I, I wonder how much of it is just fear? It's just fear. How old's your Kid? A lot of it's fear. A lot of it's fear. 'cause I don't know how long I'm gonna be working and what my daughter's gonna or need when she's older. And how Old's your daughter? But, but she, she's nine. So, and you know, I'm an older, I'm an older parent obviously. Sure. But, but it sounds like you guys are on board with, if I decided to just put it all Yes. In that is not an unreasonable or insane decision to make.


Not, If I were, I would do that And I'd keep a good emergency fund maybe a little bit more because you do have a special needs situation. Yeah. Right. Yes, I would, yeah. It wouldn't be all seven 50 k that I have in cash and brokerage. It would be, you know, six 50 or something like that. Like that. Yes. Thank you so much for the call. That's awesome man. This is why we do this show. So the people who have curve balls in life have options. This is The Ramsey Show.


If your holiday ham tends to last longer than your New Year's resolutions, then I gotta fresh challenge for you. Make this the year you take control of your financial future with an actionable plan. Sound intimidating. You don't have to do it alone. SmartVestor Pros are financial advisors who can walk you through what you need to know about retirement planning, wealth management, and anything in between. Find a pro near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warhol. Hey, we have this rad new segment on the show. It's called, sorry we missed your call. And here's the deal. People call and leave us messages. Sometimes the messages are hilarious and sometimes they are critical in a good way. Like they, they point out some things and sometimes as they usually are, they are questions like people are asking for help and they try to call into the show. They couldn't get through 'cause so many people were calling in or they called in after hours or they got caught the show. Not on radio, live radio, but they caught it on YouTube and they just wanted to reach out and ask a question. So we have a new segment called, sorry, we missed your call.


Here is the question from Amber. Amber writes, Hey, my name is Oh. Oh, we're gonna listen to it. Okay. We're gonna listen to it. Oh, okay. Sorry James, go ahead. Hey there, my name's Amber and I just have a question about donating to the needy. I know that it's kind of biblically and you know, morally it's good to help out those that are poor and needy. I have this one family that phone me all the time asking for money and I'm just wondering, you know, if I should keep giving them money or if there's a limit to when I should be giving them money. So that's my question. Thanks. Okay. Bye. What do you think, Jade? Ooh, I always love a generosity question.


Listen, I will be the first to tell you that I think that generosity is one of the five pillars of personal finance. Super duper important. And it really is the concept of going through life with an open hand, right? Right. Money comes in, money comes out. It, it's not too tight of a grip on it, which means it's in its rightful place. It's, I'm fine with it leaving or coming in as it as it as it sees fit. I do think that creating boundaries around anything is a wonderful thing. And just having a clear intent on what it is that you're trying to accomplish is a very good thing. So this kind of like limitless, it's just an open, well that never stops could be detrimental at some point.


But if you've also gotten yourself to a point financially, let's say you've John, you've, you've paid off all of your debt. You've got your three to six months of savings, you're doing your investing, you have secured yourself and your family's back. Then. If you say, hey, like a lot of people will decide to give 10% to their local church. Love that. If you're not a, a, a, you know, religious or affiliate or anything like that And you say, you know what my thing is I just pick a family and I give 10% of my income to supporting these families in need, fine. I just think that you need to create some sort of rhythm and boundary around whatever it is that that is. And it's not so much of a, Hey, whenever you call me up, you know, I I'm here to, you know.


That's Right. Right, right, right. Get what you need. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we, we we get to bypass reality sometimes 'cause we'll just call you. Yeah. Right. So I love what you asked. I want to always go back to that question is why of why are you giving? Right. And if you're giving because you think you're superior to somebody in need, then keep your money. Yeah. Right. If you're giving because you have just been insanely blessed or even a tiny, tiny bit blessed and like you said, you live life with your hands wide open. And by the way, we're all in a season. All of us are in a season, right? Yes. And it might be really cold in your season or it might be the, the harvest may have come in, but it, we are all in a season. And if you happen to be in a great season and you wanna be supportive And you have your eyes open And you can help people and that could be tipping really well, that could be strategic giving, that could be giving to local school, any church, anything in this kind of situation after 1, 2, 3, 4, what whatever number is in your head.


It sounds like she has reached a point where she is no longer comfortable. I'm giving money. Yeah. And it's not helping this family Yes. Or this person. And that's where the harder thing I think to do is to have a personal conversation. We're gonna go to coffee and I need to talk to me about what's going on and then to say, okay, this is the last time I'm gonna Give you cash. I'll Give you RAMSEY plan, I will help you get a job. I will walk you, I'll take part of the time off my job and I'm gonna walk you over to a local, one of those like day ready places where you can get you a job. Like Yeah, I'll walk with you, I'm gonna walk next to you. But the, the cash ATM part of our relationship is gonna come to an end. Yeah. Ot. And so I think it just expands what quote unquote help means and giving means.


And there is some time do like Right. This second is not the time to get a lecture. My light bill's about to get cut off. Right. Right. There's those moments, you step up And you help help out your neighbor. Yeah. The larger conversation is I'm not gonna pay your light bill for the rest of your life. Yes. Let's have a deeper conversation about what's actually going on. Yeah. And I think that, I mean that that's the whole kind of like nature of benevolence is like, Hey, I'm gonna get you outta this jam, but ultimately we're making sure you don't end up in this, this jam again. There We go. So that's kind of how it works. Yeah. Yep. I, I guess covered it. Yeah. And I guess the last thing I would say is Don't give out of guilt. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The thing here I guess is you, you have to look yourself in the mirror.


That's right. Right. And probably if we took me And you and Dave and Rachel and George and Ken and we all sat down and said, what's our philosophy of giving and what it'd probably all be different. A little different. Yeah. And so I think all of us are united. Like giving is just a way of being. It's what's, it's a responsibility all humans have to each other. What that looks like day in, day out with each family in each situation. That's just different. Yeah. And so it's easy in this situation to go around and ask person to person to person, Amber, if it's just you at home, look yourself in the mirror and be honest. And then set your own boundaries and then go give recklessly within those boundaries. Yeah. And then if you're married, so y'all sit down and decide who we're gonna be this year financially with what we give and go get it right. Yeah. Yeah.


And just another note to that, I think typically, I mean we could all come up with a, a situation where that's not exactly been the case, but typically financially the best time to give is from overflow. So that you're making sure you're taking care of your family, your own home situation. And if you're not in that point, there are so many other ways that you can be generous that aren't directly dollars in your pocket. Right? Like, there's so many ways with your time and your effort and your words, Your expertise. Yes, your expertise. You can trade skill sets and things like that. Or do it, do you know, a trade or something for free for somebody. So there's a lot of ways to be generous. Generous that don't put you or your family in a situation where you're not paying your own bills. That's Amazing. All Let's go out to Atlanta, Georgia and talk to Michael.


Hey Michael. What's up? Hey John. How you guys doing? We're doing fantastic brother. We're up against the clock, so hop in. Right, right on top of your question. What's up? Hey, I was just wondering if I could Give you some of my financial life insight and if you can help me figure out a two-part question. You got It. The first, first question being how can I budget mine and my wife's irregular income? And the second question being, where should I go next? So my wife and i's income, I make about $80,000 a year and she is a stay at home mom, but she has a side hustle where she's watching children and she makes anywhere between a hundred to $400 a week.


Okay. And that's, I'm currently working on making more money within the next month. I'll probably making, working on making a hundred thousand dollars a year. Okay. And I'm saving for retirement at the moment. 6% match. This company I'm with now is doing okay. And yeah, that's where I'm at. I've got a 1-year-old and I've got a $1,700 mortgage. Alright, Thanks for the information. That's super duper helpful. So you, you mentioned the first issue is kind of like figuring out how to, to do this irregular income, which is such a common question. It's not it, it can be befuddling.


So tell me every month when you guys kind of tally up your paychecks, how much is it when you get paid? So like I I I make no more, it's usually every week I bring home about 1100. Okay. And On most weeks she brings home about, Okay, so, okay, so what I suggest when it comes to irregular income is you kind of take And you plug that, that that $6,000 into your budget and you're going, you're first starting with the idea of priorities, right? What the, the most important things we call those the four walls, right? So number one, you're always gonna make sure your rent's covered, your utilities, your food, your transportation.


And then quickly after that are the things usually associated with our kids, right? Whether it's childcare, insurance, that sort of thing. And So you kind of have this prioritized list of when the money comes in, these are the things that must be covered. And if I have enough money to cover all of those things, then I can go to the next most important things. I can start talking about, I don't know, cell phone bills and keep going down that list, right? And if you look And you realize, okay, I have enough money to cover everything that's a green light like that, that feels great. Knowing that even on a lower month you can cover everything. Now if you're in a situation that you go, Hey, I, I've kind of looked back on 12 months and on my lowest month I still can't, I can't cover everything, then you know that when you have a higher month that comes in, you need to kind of pull some reserve and set it to the side.


So we kind of call that peaks and valleys. When you have a great month, you keep lec little extra aside. And when you have a valley that money's there when you need it. A better tool for you probably to utilize is gonna be an EveryDollar. It's a premium feature, it's called paycheck planning. A good budget tells your money where to go, but paycheck planning tells it when to go. So you're planning when you spend every single dollar. Alright, That's the second hour in the books on The Ramsey Show. You can find the rest of the show live on the radio or behind the Ramsey Network app. We'll see you there shortly, right here on The Ramsey Show.