
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America shows up to have a conversation about their money, about their profession, and about their relationships. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five triple eight eight two five five two two five, alongside George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. George is gonna help you keep more of that money and I'm gonna help you make more of that money that you want to make. That's The combination today. You ready to Go? I'm stoked. You got a very Elated No jacket today. No bomber jacket. You went with a traditional auction. I thought you were ready, you Were ready to go sailing. So I thought let's keep it CII do have a summer vibe about me today.


Summer. Ken is my favorite version. I'm here for it. Jeremy starts us off in Lexington, South Carolina. Jeremy, How can we help today? Hey, how's it going? A long time. Listener. First time caller. Oh, we love those. Welcome aboard. So it's, It is absolutely a pleasure to get on the line here. So I, my wife and I are in a bit of a situation. We have, both of us have student debt, student loans, we have a credit card, and my dad has a parent plus loan. Now, the education system hasn't really told us to what to do if we're a parent plus loan, but we have been educated now.


So basically we're wondering if we can use a mortgage loan from buying my dad's property that he was gonna give to us anyway to pay off mine, my wife's student loans in addition to the parent plus loan that is on his credit. Plus, you know, a credit card. How much total debt do you have? Total debt is around, including the credit card would probably be one 10. One 10. That's both student loans and the credit card. But not including the parent plus loan, which is in your dad's Name too, including the parent plus loan, plus the mortgage.


That is on the current place that I have right now, which is only about 23,000. So you have a home right now? No. So It is your Dad's place? Yeah, I'm basically renting it from him. The mortgage is all still in his name that I'm just paying it directly. This feels a lot of sorts. Okay, so the 23,000 left on the mortgage, you're living there? Yeah. You're essentially paying rent, which covers the mortgage, but you're paying it directly to the mortgage company. Yeah. Bank Account mean, because it's only four 60 a month. Okay. You know, you can't rent for that. And you're saying your dad wants to now sell you the house, you would then take on a bigger mortgage in order to do so.


So no, he's not gonna get any profit from this. Okay. So explain to me how the mortgage Goes down. Like he was already gonna give it to me. The land of five acres and the house when he passes. No, already. That's a terrible idea. So he was already gonna give it to me, but now we have this debt that we need to consolidate. Why do you need to consolidate it? Because, well, the credit card interest is out the roof. I mean, again, it's only 10 grand, but the student loans, you know, he makes double what I make, I make about 53.


He makes six figures. So on the parent plus loan, we've agreed that I'd pay that back. That was an agreement we made in high school. Okay. When I was young and dumb. Why Not? Just I'm keep the current situation, so I'm still to pay that. You, you have basically low rent, use your income and your wife's income. Okay. How much total do you guys make? She makes 45 a year and I, I'm 8 53. Okay, so about a hundred thousand a year. How quickly can we pay off 110,000? That becomes the equation, right? Yep. I mean, we're looking at seven years, but No, No, that's crazy.


Your rent is 400 bucks and it's gonna take you seven years to pay off a hundred grand. Well, it's the student loans too. So that's, that's what we would pay to pay them off or move the money around. But in the long term of having an income driven student loan repayment plan is stretching that out to 20, 30 years. Well, yeah, income driven repayment plan will do that to you, but you're not, if you're doing the debt snowball method that we teach and you're aggressively attacking the debt, not just making minimum payments, you would knock this thing out in probably closer to three or four years at this rate. Okay. And I would tell you, get your income up, get your expenses down, because making a hundred grand with as low rent as you guys have, you should be able to throw a few thousand dollars a month at this debt.


Okay. So think about that. Could you throw four grand a month at the debt if you really got tight? Yeah. Okay. Well think about the math on that. That's almost 50 grand a year. You said you have 110 total, this thing's done in a little over two years. Correct. So where did this 10 year plan come from and what the, what the scheming of Dad's gonna give me the house like George, and they're gonna do a consolidation loan. It Feels like it's become too complex because it feels like they're trying to find a Shortcut. Yes. Well, the short code right now is he, he's expecting the parent plus loan repayment to be like $500 a month and on top of what we're already paying for our student loans, that's kind of a new thing of we're adding this $500 a month.


Yeah, but how does that, I I, I get what you're trying to say, but how does that give you the case to go? Well, let's do this really convoluted thing and try to figure this out. He signed up for this. He's a grown man. Yeah. Okay, then, oh, I guess I wanna Make sure, and more or less having the leverage of the land and putting it in our name. Just, I mean, but George, why is that a terrible seeing what we could help, here's what I want you to do. I want you to give George a minute or two here to explain why that's a really bad idea. He started down that path and I just want you to hear him out. Okay. So I'm, I'm confused as to you're trying to move one debt to another debt and essentially say, Hey, we're gonna take on a mortgage instead of paying all these debts off separately, right?


Yes. A a single payment a month. And that's gonna solve the problems. How? Less stress. And I mean, we can, we can't get taxes from, we can't put an expense or get tax breaks from the student loans or credit card interest. So now you're doing this for a mortgage interest tax break. I mean, it, it's an additional benefit. Do you guys itemize your deductions when you file your taxes? Yes, because I have a business as well. The interest on this, I mean, you're not, it's not even gonna be enough to warrant the tax break. I feel like everything you're doing is for a different reason than what you originally told me.


I think we need one clear goal. And if you're calling this show, that goal should be to be completely debt free. Yeah. That's the goal. And as fast as we can get that, the Other part is if your dad gives you this house now, then it's going to move the step up in basis. So what did he buy the house for originally? So it's a double wide, which means it has a title, So it's going down in value every day. Yes. Don't do this. Why are we doing it? This just Gets it in crazier. And by the way, even if it did make sense, the amount of savings is gonna be next to nothing. Am I right George? Yeah.


Quick calculation. So Jeremy, this idea that I'm lowering stress by coming up with one payment is not true. The stress is from the total debt and the money saved on this is not gonna be worth it. I would not take a mortgage out on something going down in value, Not a double wide Jeremy, that's like a country song. This is bad news. You should be trying to get out of this situation, not stick yourself in it further and further and further. No more deals with dad. No more scheming, no more moving one debt to another. Just pay off your freaking debts. You sign the dotted line, you guys have a solid income. Get the income up, expenses down. Get out of this debt in two years. And that's the only solution I would be pursuing at this point.


Hey, George Campbell here, listen, we need to talk specifically about Mama Bear Legal Forms. Allow me to paint you a picture. You plan a vacation, you make a budget, you book the Airbnb, you build a spreadsheet of activities because you're that person. You fire up the maps app and boom, trip of a lifetime. So here's the question. If you plan that carefully for a one week getaway, why are you just winging it when it comes to your will? Not having a will in place is like dropping your family off at a foreign airport with no map, no translator, and no clue what happens next. So when you pass away, sure your family will be grieving, but they're also overwhelmed. Stuck in court and letting the government decide what happens to everything. You worked so hard for all because you didn't leave clear instructions. So the good news is you can fix this in 20 minutes with Mama Bear Legal Forms. I used them for my own will and it was fast, simple and gave me and my family peace of mind. There's no stuffy lawyer's office, no drama. Just a few clicks. And your family's protected. Listen, a will is too important to ignore. It's how you love your people. Well, even after you've yed your last haw, as we say in the south. So Go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com and handle this tonight. Use the promo code RAMSEY and you'll save 20%. That's Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com. Promo code RAMSEY.


All Right, Dale is on the line in Augusta, Maine. Dale, how can we help? Well, thank you for taking my call. I have a question that's, I just don't know how to answer it. If I were, if I were unable to get out of a contract that is over $16,000 for window replacements, would I be better off to go forward with the replacement installation or pay the 30% fee required if I don't follow through? Wow. What caused you to to back out now?


Well it was a, it was, it was just a really stupid idea that we signed on the dotted line or I signed on the dotted line because the, it was a call, they, somebody put a flyer in my window. My house is 160 years old, we need windows. We don't need fabulous windows, but we need seven windows replacement. And so I called them, they came to the house, they, the man was amazing. He did a great presentation and at the end of it, he gave us the price. Now I really knew better, but for some reason not that night.


And when Was this? When He, about a week and a half ago. Okay. And when did you sign the contract? That night. So it's already been like 10 days since you signed the contract? Yes. And what I did was, the first thing I did was call an attorney. And the second thing I did was call the Dave Ramsey Show. Now I might be out of it, but it's not all completed yet. What do you, what do you mean the lawyer helped you start the process? Yes. I, I am 70 this year, so I called Senior plus and they turned me on to a free attorney.


Like they just give you advice and he looked over the contract and he's working on getting them to do a rescission. Like we are waiting to have the finance company get returned. The 30% they pull. So it's not finalized yet. Have You already made some type of deposit? They pulled it. They pulled it. When you signed the con When I signed the contract, it had a 30% condition if you didn't go through with it. And that gave them, they thought the right to pull 30% of that 16,000.


Did they have Access to your bank account? No, they, the deal is this, they tell you an exorbitant amount, then they cut it down and then when you say no, it's, well, we can finance it at like 5% for 15 years and now you have a payment of $130 a month. Is that what you did? That's What I said, yes. So you've financed it and you've so far financed 30%. Correct. Is that what I'm getting at? Have You made any payments though? That is, that's what I'm trying to understand. No, no payments. The payments come after the windows are installed. Right. And I, let me, I'm sorry to interrupt, but I'm just trying to help us get to the bottom of this.


So I understand you signed a contract and it would include a payment plan, but that doesn't actually start happening until the windows are installed. That correct? That I understand. But do they currently have your bank account to where it's like an auto draft? Do they have any access to your accounts? No, but What you're doing when you sign that is you're signing a loan. They partner with a finance company and they did get the almost $5,000. So essentially you're $5,000 in debt. Oh, From the, from the, from The Finance deal. From from the finance company. They, they gave the window company the five grand.


So now you got two people to deal with the finance company and the window company. Yes. So you need to be checking both of those contracts that you signed. Yeah, Yeah. To figure out if there's a way out. I don't know that there's a way out. You signed the dotted line multiple times at this point. Do you have any money? I, so Because, well, not much. I got a call from the finance company saying the contractor has asked them to cancel. Have they ordered materials yet? No. I told them no, I didn't want the window then. See that's what I was thinking. Because That'll give you leverage. If they haven't ordered materials yet, they may be willing to reduce that and help you get out of it. There may still be a fee, a stupid tax, but The window company's easy.


'cause you just go, look, I don't want the windows. But the problem is, is there's already been this financial transaction of $5,000 that you have to put in to rewind. That to me is the sticky Part. The question is, did the financing company give the 5,000 to the window company? It Sounds like they did. And if the window company hasn't used that to purchase materials or pay for labor, that's where I'm going. You might be able to get some or all of it back. But again, that's gonna be between you and the attorney and the contracts. You know, us bozos in here can't help much. But I'm hoping because you haven't gone that far into it yet. There may be some resolution. Me too. I'm, and that's where The, the contract will stipulate all of that. There's no way to go, well, we're gonna rip up the contract.


That's just not gonna happen. So it all depends on what the contract says are your rights to cancel what the fees are, if you should cancel and, you know, worst case you're on the hook for this debt at at least for Five. Yeah. And hopefully put a stop to it goes no more than five. And then I'm the guy that goes, well, if I made this dumb decision and the window company's got 5,000 of my money, I'm going, I want $5,000 worth of windows. Because you still don't need windows. Right. Because you still need windows. And so if you're, if you can't get out of this, this loan, pay the 5,000 off quickly, but get you some windows. Get you how, I don't know how much 5,000 gets you these days. I'd hope a Lot.


It's probably a window and a half knowing, knowing this world, but Seven windows for 16 grand. That feels insane. Well There's, and they're two feet by four. There's, they're standard size windows. It was just, yeah, I'm In the wrong business. I could be out here charging over two grand per window. You know? You're pretty smart. Yeah. I mean, are is there anyone else involved here? Are you alone single? No, I am happily married. And and he just a big supporter of me. He sat through the whole thing And we both agreed. I wish he wasn't a supporter of you right now. Me too. Wish he called this out. Me too. He just sat there and went, yeah, it sounds like a good deal, honey.


You go for it. Yep. That's my man. Oh my goodness. But, But here's a good thing that came out of it. I've been listening to you guys for just a few months And we are now on board with the baby steps and we're both like almost 70. Good for you. We, we, Hey, I gotta jump in real quick. Can I tell you something? Yeah. Because I'm trying to, I'm trying to think all the way through this deal. If we, if you can't get out of the 5,000, like they're going, we're not giving you that back. You got two options. You eat it, but, or you get windows. But I'm looking at this online, you gotta double check all this stuff. But the average cost replaced a single window.


A according to a thousand homeowners is $554. That sounds more like it. So, but that's, That's what I've been told now. So let's go ahead and if, if we can't get the 5,000 back, get you $5,000 worth of windows. But it's better than 16. Yes. Yes. 5,000 is better than 16,000. So I'm just, George, I'm just going, worst case scenario here. Yeah. I'm just wondering, Hey, can you pay a $500 fee and say, Hey listen, here's 500 bucks for your troubles. Get me out of this thing. Gimme the money back and get out of the financing deal. Yeah. That's probably a best case scenario. Okay. But I would keep working with that attorney to figure out what's going on in this contract.


What are your state laws? What rights do you have as the consumer? That's right. Fee is This window looked at? This is state laws. Does This window replacement, is this a local company? They got a local shop. Mm. How'd you find them? I don know they're, they're national pink flyer in my door. Yeah. I wonder if you could call your sales guy back who was such a wonderful gentleman when he was pitching you and I wonder. I Did. He told me. Yeah. What'd he, what'd he tell you? He said, this isn't the first time somebody's tried to cancel. It's not gonna work. Oh, he's a gem. He's, yeah. He goes from being Prince charming to Clint Eastwood just that fast, George.


Yikes. And this is why you got a flyer in my door. I'm never doing business with you. Get them flyers outta here. Don't knock on my door. I'll report you to the HOA I'm not scared. Would You? Yeah, a hundred percent Pretty snippy email For me. I don't answer the door. I don't look at flyers. I toss 'em right in the trash. What if I come knock on your door tonight? You Can pound sand and kick rocks. Text me first. Even if I got an apple pie or something, I'm standing there smiling even More suspicious me. Yeah. You know I can't have gluten you trying to kill me.


What's up guys? It's jade. And let me tell you, when my husband and I had $280,000 of student loan debt, we were not sitting around waiting on the government to bail us out. We did the hard work to pay it off ourselves. So if you are still holding out hope that forgiveness is coming. That's like you waiting for your landlord to start paying your rent. It ain't gonna happen. If you really want those student loans gone, you need a plan. And for some of you, refinancing might be part of the plan. So I recommend Laurel Road. With Laurel Road. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can set up 30 minutes to talk to a real actual human being to find out if refinancing is right for you. Ramsey's advice is clear. Get out of debt as fast as possible and a lower rate or a shorter term can make that possible. Laurel Road has low competitive rates and they even offer interest rate discounts. So stop waiting on the maybes and the some days and start taking action today. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY to get a free rate quote or schedule a free 30 minute consultation. That's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey, I wanna say thanks to all of you that have shared the show recently or a long time ago. We're just seeing the growth of the show and we're so grateful because you are the reason we do the show. And when you share it or you subscribe or you follow, however you're participating and consuming the show, that the algorithm rewards that and we're so grateful. And so we wanna reward you the audience by making it even making it even easier with RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. So this Playlist RAMSEY 1 0 1 is what it's called, filled with classic RAMSEY content. Like the baby steps, how to pay off debt with the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund, some of the real basics and so much more. Of course. So all you gotta do to access this, and by the way, this is something that you can now share if somebody's kicking the tires or they you're telling 'em about what you're doing. They're like, how can I, Hey boom, I'm gonna go right to the RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist and I can get you the fundamentals so they're not searching. It's a great way to lift them. And you do that by clicking on the link at the top of the show notes to open the RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist. You can text it, DM it, send it in a group chat all the ways. So it's also featured at the top of our YouTube channel. So there you go. So question is, who would you share it with? George. I put Jade on the spot the other day when I talked about this. Who would you Share the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. You got somebody right now. My heart goes To the, to the haters, the, because they know me, they know my job. They're Coming at you. Say, Hey, maybe this will change your mind. Yeah. So maybe to a family member. Knock Yourself out with the old RAMSEY 1 0 1 vault. Yeah, Well I'm looking at it right now. 12 videos that I am too. It really sums up the entire ethos of RAMSEY. 'cause you never know what to share. Yeah. A clip of Ken, A clip of John. A crazy call from the show. This really will center you. Yeah. Yes. Give you a foundation. Core Stuff. Alright, let's Go to Zach in Phoenix, Arizona.


Zach, How can we help today? Hey, sorry, my alarm just went off. Can you guys hear me okay? Yeah, The Question you Just waking up. Did you make it on time or are we just getting outta bed? What's the alarm for? I have so many different alarms. I couldn't even tell you. I need an alarm to tell me what my alarms are for. Well, I'm a, can I just say I'm a little alarm that another alarm is gonna go off while we're talking to you? Yeah. I don't wanna be alarmist, but you should do something about that. Yeah. I'm so glad I got you too. 'cause I love a good dad joke. Yes. I'm a little nervous, but they say I have a face for radio. So here we go. Well, so do we. So join the club. Here's my situation. So unfortunately my dad passed away recently in April.


Oh, I'm so sorry. And nah, thank you. Yeah, it's no fun. No will or trust left behind, so that's no fun either. Oh, I have a brother and sister, both adults, my brothers and his early thirties sister in her mid forties that we were left behind. And a stepbrother as well, who's in his mid twenties. Stepbrother wasn't adopted. So the heirs are just me and my two biological siblings. My dad wasn't married. My two siblings want to do one thing with the, the estate. And I want to do another. They, they want to keep the house and all in my brother's name.


It's got about 308 K in equity on it and 103 K left on the mortgage. And I personally just would prefer to be bought out. And if, you know, they're reluctantly agreeing to the terms, but it's creating a lot of friction. And I'm just wondering if what I'm wanting is ethically sound or not. George, I don't hear anything unethical. Yeah. What, what part makes you feel like it's unethical? I guess just knowing that my, it it, I'm not helping keep the house, I suppose with my share. And we all know that my dad would want to keep the house and his goals were kind of unrealistic.


He wanted all of us to live in it together, like all of us adults and That's right. You know, have my own little family. Yeah. Yeah. So what would your share be if they were to buy you Equity? So about 103 K maybe And they've agreed to do this? Yeah, I mean it, it, it hasn't been like written in stone yet, but you know, we just started consulting with the probate lawyer and as of right now, that's, that's the plan. But you know, it's kind of making my sister and brother look at me different. Who cares? I mean, that's just part of the process. Yeah. Especially since your dad didn't have any plan in place. And so it's gotta go through probate court.


This is the pro, it's not a litigious thing where you're angry at your siblings. It's just this is the process to go through this. They, they don't like it, but you can reduce the friction by taking the high road. Yeah. Don't engage. Yeah. Don't engage in a debate about it. Just go, here's my reasons. I'll say it one time. You can ask me any questions about my reasons. I'm not looking for any stress or tension with you guys on this. I just want, I just want my clean cut and I'm out. And they may not like it. They'll get over it. And it's also the least amount of damage. 'cause you're saying they're gonna want to keep the house, so it's only gonna strain the relationships further if you try to force the sale, you know, with some kind of partition action in court to do this Now I really gonna not like you.


And so if they wanna keep the house and you say, Hey, I don't want any part in this house, you can buy me out. They're gonna have to, you know, does he have the cash to do It? Is he gonna refinance? What's his plan to buy you out? I think refinance is the plan. And can he afford this on his own? I think so. It's so it has 103 left on mortgage, so probably double. And what about sister share? Because she's not living there. She's gonna donate her share to my brother. Oh, wow. Wow. This guy must be some all American, you know, hero. What's the story? He that, that your dad leaves him the house.


Your sister's going, Hey, take my share. What's this guy got on you? Or is he just like super charismatic? No, it's, it's just a really strange situation. Yeah. You know, about a year before this happened, my dad was telling me, my brother was kind of already fighting with me about it, saying like, Hey, this is my plans for if and when dad passes, I'm gonna take the house and I'll take control of it. And I was like, well, hang on a second. You know, that's not really fair. There's multiple heirs. And I asked my dad to talk to my brother. He said he would and he said he'd get a will and trust done. And he just never did, unfortunately. Is your brother the oldest? I Know that my dad's intention weren't to leave it all to one person.


Right. Ideally he would want all of us living in it and, but you know, that's just not practical. So the brother is just, the brother is just kind of going, he's flexing. There's no will, there's no nothing. There's no real agreement other than he's saying, this is what I want to do. I'm asking Because I was like to to to have a conversation like, Hey, you know, I wanna keep the house. Can we all try to keep it together? Versus just saying like, Hey, here's what's gonna happen. I'm gonna take over everything. And it kind of left a bad taste in my mouth and I was like, okay, well yeah, I I don't even wanna try to coil this house.


Well I am more confident than ever George and Zach that this is absolutely not anywhere close, unethical. But it's actually very wise. What your brother is doing is absolutely unhealthy. There's not a positive motive behind this. This is pure, selfish, pure power play. I don't know what your sister's deal is, but he's got some type of real intimidation or hold on her. It's, the whole thing is nuts. And I think it's great that you're trying to get out of it, don't you George? Yeah. You have any different thoughts? Well, no, it's, it's Not gonna hold up in probate court for him to be like, this is just gonna be mine. Oh know, I can't wait. How works for that works? It's can't wait for that conversation.


So They're gonna go, no, all three are the heirs and here's what that means. Either you force the sale or he needs to buy you out. That's the only option. Yeah. And you just sit over there and smile. And That's not you being a jerk. Yeah. He goes, okay, I'm gonna refinance. Now I have a $200,000 mortgage. Yeah. Hopefully he can afford it and if not, that's his problem. Well, that's exactly right. And it's up to him if he needs to sell the house later on down the road if he can't afford the upkeep. So you're not doing anything wrong. Right. I would not let him make you feel bad about this. You're not being a terrible brother, you're just doing what was not said because dad didn't have a will or estate. And this is the mess that you're left with. And I'm sorry for that. On top of grieving your father's loss. Yeah. You also now have this strained relationship to deal with. And you know what, one other thing I'd say.


Yeah. And George correct me if you, if you disagree with this, I wouldn't let him manipulate you between this end of this phone call and, and probate court. You are owed your share of it. You get to decide, don't just kind of walk away from this and give him, I feel like he's done that to your sister. He's hoping you'll give up. He's already capitulated. I would hold firm, man. What's yours is yours. You be a man. You stand up to him, he'll walk away.


All Right Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are nonprofit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right, their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by nnc. The UA


Buying or selling your home is a big deal. A lot of decisions involved and the clickbait headlines and confusing data can make you a little bit uncertain. And that's why we're in the trends for you. And we're breaking it down. Just to give you an idea, meaning home prices went up slightly last month and more home homes are on the market then have been since 2019. So to Learn more about housing market trends and get Free Tools to help you buy or sell with confidence, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. Or you can always click on the link in the show notes in the podcast app that you are listening to us or on YouTube.


Travis is up next in Raleigh, North Carolina. Travis, how can we help? Hey, how are you? We're doing well. How are you today? Doing well. Good. What's Up? So I have some questions. I went through a divorce in the last probably a year and a half. I'm 33. I have two children and I have split custody of 'em. 50 50. I don't have any child support or alimony. So basically my biggest expenses are my rent and my childcare cost. Basically my question is I'm trying to start building for retirement because I'm basically starting over in life and trying to invest into my future essentially.


Mm. Do you have any debt? I do not. After the divorce I had a good little bit about $6,000, but I hit it hard. Good. And I paid off all my credit cards. What kind of savings do you have Currently? I have 1000 in my emergency fund and I just opened up an a Roth IRA in the last year. I've only got about 1400 in there. What's your income? I have no truck payment. Good. So what's your income? I, I currently make approximately 85,000 a year. And what do you do?


I'm an HVAC technician. Okay. What is a, what's a financial path forward look like for you as far as growth in that role? Is there a path to six figures? What? In your area, based on your expertise, what's that look like for you as far as potential growth? I'm on the pretty high end already. Okay. All Right. So you have no debt, you're making 85,000, you've just started what we would call baby step two. I mean, excuse me baby. Step one, you have the thousand dollars emergency fund and you've just knocked out your credit card debt. So you're really in baby step three, which is to get to three to six months. Am I understanding that correct? Yep, that's correct.


Okay. Well, George, walk him through what, what that's gonna look like for him as far as saving for retirement. Yeah, I Love that you're excited to build wealth for the future. But right now, Hold on. I think he's, we've got correction here. Travis, what? I'm sorry. It sounded like you were about to say something else, like sir. Oh yes. My goal, I would like to retire by roughly 62 because it's a labor intensive job and I can't see myself crawling into houses an addict except 62 Years old. All Right, George got punched In that. I'm pretty determined. I crunched your numbers in. I know your future. So here's the deal right now is not the time to be investing because if you have a $1,200 emergency, you're going back into debt.


And so right now what we need to do is take that amazing income and stack as much of it away as possible until that emergency fund, until we get to that three to six month mark. And for you, having been punched in the face like that with a divorce, I'd wanna lean towards six months. So what does a, a full month of expenses take for you to live currently? Is it $4,000, $3,000? I spend about 800 in childcare and my rent is 1700. So And then food, utilities, insurance. Yeah. So are we talking 3,500? I also put a, yeah, probably.


And then I also put away, I've started investing into my 401k through work because they match 4%. Okay. But here's what I'm asking you to do and I think it's gonna get you there a whole lot faster, even to your wealth goal is to pause all investing right now, even the match until you have this emergency fund saved up. So you, you need about 20 grand before you go, okay, now I'm ready to start building wealth. 'cause we're still kind of building some foundation here. We're not ready to build for the future quite yet. You're on the cusp, but you do this for another, let's say six months. Could you really sock away, you know, three grand a month for six months to get to that 20 grand mark?


Yeah, I, I just have to keep hitting it hard. Exactly. Working more overtime. And So now's not the time to let your foot off the gas. You'll get there, you'll get back to enjoying life a little bit more. Eating out, saving up for, you know, vacations and upgrading car and all that stuff. But right now you're in baby step three, which is a slog. It's a grind man. It's not the fun baby step baby. Step two, at least you're paying off debt, you're seeing some progress baby. Step three, you're just stacking and stacking and stacking. But six months from now, let's say before the end of the year you're gonna be back to investing. But instead of a measly 4%, you're gonna be up to 15% of 85,000, which is over $12,000 a year. So run those.


Can I fun? Can I crunch the numbers for You? Oh, I love when you do this, George, when Do you turn? 34 In October. Okay. He had to think about it. I got nervous. He did. I know. I wasn't sure where that was going. So by the, from 34 you said you have 1400 bucks total in retirement right now. Correct. Okay. So from 34 to 62, let's say you never get a raise, you make $85,000 until you're 62. But you invest 15%, it's a little over a thousand bucks a month. You ready for a grand total? You're looking at about $2 million in that one account. How's that? How's that Hit you in the 401k? Yes.


At 60. At 60. What? That's at 62. That was your stated Goal at 62. Travis. At 62 George's got you right at $2 million. If you do exactly what he said, how's, how's that feel? That would be amazing. It's like you want a game show, but here's what it takes. Consistency It. That's why you need this emergency fund because having that in place means you're never going to debt again. You can consistently invest and have margin for the future. That's the purpose of getting outta debt too. To have that margin. And my guess is you're good at your job if you're getting paid 85,000, right? Oh absolutely. So it's probably gonna go up over time. It's not a far stretch to say you could be making six figures a few years from now doing this.


Yeah, I believe so. And that therefore that 15% grows as your income grows, which means you're gonna have even more than 2 million if you do this stuff. And that's not including getting your home paid off. Do you have a home right now? No, I rent. Do you wanna be a homeowner someday? Yes, eventually I do. Right now I'm just trying to rebuild my wealth. Absolutely. Yeah. That's how you do. So part Of your wealth will be a paid for home one day. And so as you build that 15%, keep investing that anything above that you can save for a down payment. And you know, five, 10 years from now, you're gonna have a big stack of cash to be a homeowner and start building some equity as you build wealth through your 401k.


So I feel good about this. I know it feels like you got knocked down, you'll never get back up again, but man you were 33. That's right. And Travis, those numbers go up pretty substantially if you're doing some side hustle work because of your HVAC experience, you can put more money in that calculator that George is walking through. And by the way, that's at Ramsey Solutions dot com, the investment calculator. And you can see how those numbers go up. So if the goal is 62 then you know you can always make more money and through doing more work and and put more in and then you get that compound effect. So if that's the goal, then you gotta get That 85,000 also includes a lot of overtime.


Well good for you though. You got kiddos man. Welcome to the Welcome to Life. Oh yeah, You're, you're the sole provider now. Yeah, I love it. And boy, so I Don't have do anything for my kids. I know. But I also would encourage you that you don't have to limit yourself to, the only way I make more money is overtime. I think you have a lot more skill and experience than you're giving yourself credit for. And you're still a young guy and I mean young guy. So let's be looking for opportunities to make six figures. What would that ha what would have to happen? And it, and let's not just assume that I've gotta work 60 hours a week to get there.


You've got some skill, you've got experience, make relationships and connections happen all over the place and you'd be surprised where you are 10 years from now. But that's gonna allow you to get to the point at 62 where you can walk away and walk away with comfort. That's the goal. Not just walk away in order to shut down, Not just survive. We want you thriving. That's Exactly right. Thanks for the call Travis. Good stuff George. I, a few things get me more excited than you punch in numbers in the investment calculator. I love it. It's nerdery meets hope. We Need some music to support that. And a big reveal. Some calculator music. Yeah, a drum roll or I'll work on that. Alright.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of COBRA has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable, biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, ch m might be perfect for you. CH M programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. The phone number to jump in is triple eight eight two five five two two five alongside George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman, thrilled to be with you all and Lizzie is with us in Toronto. Lizzie, how are you and how can we help? Fine, thank you. So just a backstory, I'm Lizzie 25-year-old mom of two under the age of three. I'm unemployed and I have a fiance that works six days a week, expensive hours. He makes around 150 KA year. But when he is home, he thinks because he brings in all the financial support that all he has to do is be on his phone and do nothing around the house.


And I'm at my wits end and I'm ready to leave. But because I feel like I'm in a prison where I have no family, I have no resources of getting out and showing him that I'm not gonna stay somewhere where you are begging me to get a job, but I still have to hold all the manpower in the house. Yeah. Well Yeah. So this is, this is a simple solution but it's gonna be difficult. It's gonna be hard to do, but it's pretty simple. You're going to have to to, you're doing a lot on your own it sounds like. Anyway. He's bringing in all the income.


This relationship is, sounds like it's non-existent. Whatever exists, it's certainly unhealthy. So it's the fiance, are they his kids? Are they somebody else's kids? What's the story there? No, no, they're our kids. Okay, so you want out, correct. Yeah, because I just think this person is not willing to change anythings that there's nothing wrong with him or he's not doing anything wrong. Okay, I agree. So you should get out. You guys aren't married anyway, so yeah, what I would say is you need to figure out what to do based on him not being around. You have to treat it like he's not around period.


No money. Now you, you, you, you're, you're in a situation where you are in a prison because he's paying for all the bills. You have no income. So the simple steps are, and I say simple, I'm not saying this is gonna be easy, but the simple steps are, you've gotta figure out who would watch the kids when I'm working full-time, can I do full-time work from a remote situation and still be able to watch the kids? I think that's probably highly unlikely, but you'll know the answer to that. So the answer is no. Let's assume it's no, then you've gotta come up with a situation where you go, what how much money would I need to make to not only take care of me and the kids, but also be able to pay for the childcare above and beyond the basics You're tracking with me so far?


Correct. Yeah. Okay. So it's time for you to get out there and, and and you know, shake the tree and you gotta find work and you gotta say, I'm moving forward on my own. If he, once I leave, gets the wake up call that he desperately needs to get great news, let's repair the relationship at that point. But you've gotta go and you're a mama bear. And so the question is what experience, what skillset do you have in the workplace? So I'm in business management. Well I just, I just finished studying business management in 2024 and before that I did aesthetics and spa management.


Okay. So what do you think you could make, and I'm not holding you to this, this is just so that we can begin to get our brains working. What do you think the the income opportunity is for you in, in your economy there? In, in in Toronto or, or nearby? I think there's maybe minimum 50 50 KA year. Okay. Can you live on 50 KA year comfortably? Probably not. Unless it's paycheck to paycheck. Like it would be paycheck to paycheck if it's 50 k. I wanna bring George in real quick 'cause he is really, really good. He coaching, I want, she knows the professional side of thing.


And by the way, I'm gonna give you a copy of my book, find the work you're wired to do. It's got an assessment in it that I want you to take and it's really gonna help you from an ideation standpoint. And, and it's, and you really need to take it. That's my gift to you. But I'm, I want George to come in here because you, as you're looking for professional opportunities, realistically, you may have to work two jobs in the early days to be able to afford childcare. And George, I yeah, I want you to walk her through what she needs to be doing even now in building an actual budget. My kids, they're, they're also his kids too, so I think I get it. But But you said he does nothing. You said he does nothing. So I'm assuming he's not gonna help you if he helps, you're great.


No, I think he would like, he, he's, he's okay with his responsibility. He knows his financial responsibilities. I think it's the household responsibilities he doesn't want to take accountability for because I'm not working. So he thinks I don't have to do it because you Home don't like this idea that you're not working. I have a stay-at-home wife. I would rather be here 'cause It is chaos at the house. She's exhausted. And so the the idea that he thinks you're not working is already disrespectful. He doesn't value you, he doesn't value what you're bringing to this family and raising these children. And so I don't know what, what's going on behind that of if that's from how he grew up or what It is. But you need to have a very direct conversation with him where he doesn't shut down.


It's So gen it it's generational. It's generational because his, we mom, mom was also the at wife and then she share And his dad probably didn't value his wife. Yeah. He saw his dad And he goes, this is normal. The man works and the wife just is a leach and she just sits at home all day. It's insane. And so you're not crazy to think this is not okay and you deserve to be valued and respected in the household. And so you have three options. Staying the same is not an option. Right. Staying where you're at. So either have to deal with the problem at hand and see if he's willing to change and can turn, turn course here or you leave and start a life on your own. And that's either gonna be, yeah, you as a, you know, single mom working three jobs trying to find childcare.


I don't know what that next step is for you. I hope this can be resolved. That he can remain a part of, you know, these kids' lives and support them. I don't know what the laws in Canada are as far as, you know, you guys aren't married, but there's probably some common law here that says he's gonna have to provide child support and spousal Support. Well, and and to that end, so Lizzie Canadian. So Lizzie Child benefit. So, so hold on a second. I I wanna give it back to George 'cause you jumped in when I was setting him up and and so whatever, whatever the, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, you're great. No, no I'm not, I'm not chastising. I want you to hear this part from George. Whatever you think he's gonna do to support the kids financially that George becomes a part of this new budget. I want you to walk her through. I think she's gotta create a pre-budget which will help her determine what she's gonna have to earn based on what, whatever he's gonna do to support.


But she's on her own. That's where I'm trying to take this. Yeah. I would Create a, just a fake budget on her own of what a new life would look like and how you would be able to support this and what custody would look like if, you know, he has the kids half the week. I don't know what that would end up being if that's the, the next step. But that's the kind of parts you need to map out on paper to put some facts. 'cause right now it's just a lot of emotion and that's hard to grapple with as far as taking a next step. So Walk her through that George real quick. From rent the four walls to some other things. She Needs to start think so I would start researching, hey, what would it look like to live on my own? What would that cost? What does rent in this area? Obviously the kids are really young so they'd likely need to be in some type of daycare. Or you're working some sort of very flexible remote job where you can take care of them.


That's gonna be difficult too. And so then map it all out. Food, utilities, transportation costs, all of that insurance on my own. What would all that cost? And then go, what do I need to make in order to make that happen? What jobs are out there that pay that with my skillset and time? So it's, you're kind of reverse engineering it, but there's so much going on here where I'm like, he wants her to get a job for what? They don't need the income. He just thinks she's lazy. And so I think they should swap roles for a day. Let him take care of the kids for 24 hours and see if he's a shell of a human. At the end of it, I could tell you, I remember we had three kids under the age of three and I remember one of the first times that Stacey went out for like maybe 90 minutes.


I thought it was going to absolutely implode.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And Oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrible. You're gonna have a crisis here. And you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly, these are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family, man. Term Life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah, to just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying, I love you to your family Term life insurance. Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Hey, if you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going, you gotta get on a budget. And our team associating free budgeting trainings this month. Who else does that? A free budgeting training. And you're gonna learn step by step how to make it stick to a budget using EveryDollar. And you can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in our live q and a. So sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. That's EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Katie is up in Tallahassee. Katie, how can we help? Hey guys, how are you today? Good. What are you doing? Not much. So I just have a little financial question. So I've been working for a successful flower shop for the last 10 years, and the owners wanting to retire and I'd love to purchase the business, but the problem I'm having is getting approved for an SBA loan. And it's, it's very frustrating because I'm 42, I'm debt free minus the home that I'm currently living in, along with my rental property, which I have about 150,000 in equity. I have an eight 30 credit score. You know, I have seven credit cards with $70,000 available to me. Like I, I feel like I'm doing great. Yet I, with, even with all that, I can't get approved for an SBA loan without a guarantor.


And I honestly don't have anyone in anyone in my life that would be able to be a guarantor for $180,000 loan. So my question is, so if I have all this going for me and I can't be approved without a guarantor, what are other directions that I can go in order to, you know, purchase a business? Sure. How long have you been working for 'em? 10 years. Great relationship. Yes, sir. Okay. What's the price? It's gonna be 180. Okay. Yeah, George. What? You can walk her through that. But that's, there's, it's a very do in fact, I like that price point. Yeah. That I was scared it was gonna be like a seven figure deal here. So number one, I'm, I hate to say it, I'm kind of glad you didn't get approved for the loan.


Yes. Because I don't recommend any business owner take on debt to start or fund or purchase a business. There is another way to do this that I think makes sense for both parties. And that's something called a structured payout. So you guys agree it's 180 grand and you pay them $5,000 a month out of the profits of the business. That's 60 grand a year. They get their full 180 within three years. See how that works? That seems a lot better. Exactly. Yeah. And then you're not taking on actual debt and so there's no, there's no guarantee here, but it's saying, Hey, I'm gonna pay you this percentage or this amount of the profits until we hit this purchase price. And so I honestly never thought about doing that without a loan.


So yeah, The options are out there. Yeah. Well, debt is so normalized, we all just go, well, well I'll just try to get loans for everything, but this really protects you. And it puts, it gives them some peace that they're actually gonna get their money within a reasonable amount of time. And so I would talk to them and explain the situation. Say, listen, I can't get a loan out. I want to take over this business. Would you do a structured payout? I would have an attorney draw it up to make sure that both parties agree to every, all the terms involved. And then within that three years, you would then become a full owner over that time. And I would only add to what George said by don't feel pressure. Don't overcommit on what that amount is every month.


You gotta really make sure you've got your eyes on the books before you would agree to anything or even propose anything you need to really understand the books. So for instance, right now, as it stands, do you have any sense of of what the net profit is on a monthly basis? Yes. What is that? So she has actually given me all access to the books. So because It is a four shop, you know, February we're taking in $50,000 versus March, which is 30. Right. So, you know, and obviously when you have the bigger months, you set aside the money for the smaller month. So right now, gross, like last year the business made three 30 and she's taking home, you know, $15,000 a month. And that's after all utilities is, after all, you know, employees are paid supplies, everything.


So it's, it's a very good business and she's making wonderful money. So I can definitely do the five a month. That would not be a problem. Okay. And, you know, my husband works, I don't have any bills. So even if I have to cut back on what I take home, it's gonna be fine. 'cause I don't have any, I don't have anything to put towards In anyway. Well, what, what, what be, what would be an ideal number just just for our conversation? What would be an ideal number to where you pay yourself a really nice chunk and you're paying a chunk to the, the, the pre to to the owners. I've thought about that. And I'm not sure I do have some Roth that I wanna invest in. You know, I am on baby step number five. So I think it would really depend on, you know, what I take, what what I could take would depend on actually, you know, what I would invest in and what I personally could put in my account for me.


So I've thought about it, but I haven't thought about it. It's really just, you know, what's happening in my life at the time. My, my son's on a church mission, so I pay 500 a month, you know, for him for the next five months. So, you know, at the end of the year it's, my prices are gonna be different. Sure. I would love to take home, you know, 25 3000. That would be way more than enough than I would ever need. I'd just, you know, shove it into savings. So. Okay. So, so you're saying ideal if you could pay yourself 2,500 a month, you said that would be ideal. That would be more than I would need. Oh my gosh. And she's been paying herself 15,000 a month. Right, right. Oh. So yeah, I would invest. So, you know what I invest, So my guidance, you know, my, I could save my daughter's college and, you know, yeah. But I want, I wanna bring George in on this opinion here.


George. I, I'll go out, I wanna be conservative if I'm her and if the paying herself 2,500 would be more than she needs and the previous owner's been paying 15, I would want to pay, I would want Katie to pay herself as little as absolute possible so that we pay the 180 price point off so much faster to get the full faster. And I would also say George. Oh, right. And I'm also being very conservative here, Katie and I, I just wanna see what George's take is. I'd also not invest in the business much at all, if any, until I pay the 180. Do you agree or is that too conservative? I, I, I wanna be real Conservative if there's major things that have to be done, like light things to, I don't know what kind of the renovations that need to happen or branding, you know, I don't know what the, the flower shop stated is Correctly.


No, I mean it's, you know, it's, it's an established business. Everything's running great. The only thing I would do is put my van as a company van 'cause it doesn't need to be replaced. But other than that, there's nothing major that I can see in the future that, I mean, you know, it's established, it has everything it needs just supplies monthly type of thing. Right, Right. Are there any retain earnings in the Business? Something I would love to do is, I'm Sorry, are there any retained earnings in the business? What do you mean? Like, Are there any savings for future investment? Do they put any money aside and would you need to have that? I would, I would have a separate savings account, you know, for the business. Okay. For emergencies. But I don't, I don't think she has that now. I just think it Yeah. You know, she pays it.


She's very lax. She just kind of pays as she goes. Yeah. She, it's a, I'm very structured. I'm very, yeah. You know, I want my account, my account, my company and You know, that this business will continue at this revenue pace even if you took over. Clients won't be leaving. Customers won't be leaving if they're like, whoa, what happened? You ownership? Yeah. Yeah. I've been there for 10 years. So I know the clients and, you know, looking at the profit at loss statements, it just keeps going up every year. Okay. Well Katie, I'm super pumped For you. Yeah. This sounds like a great deal. Honestly, I, I'm gonna just say this one more time. I would be super conservative. Okay. On, on spending. I'd be very aggressive in pouring every nickel of profit you can towards the 180. And when that gets you there where you're free and clear, now you can invest and grow this thing, pay yourself more.


And I just think you've got yourself a really great business. So I would definitely do it this way. Okay. I'm curious, what are your other big seasons besides February for Valentine's Day? Is there a, is Christmas big? What, what's, what do you got going on? I'm just curious what the seasonal dips and, and, and rises are. Yeah, so we have Valentine's Day and then Mother's Day. Mother's Day is actually more profitable than, than Valentine's. So Mother's Day we can bring in about 60,000. Wow. Wow. Yeah. And then Valentine's brings in about 45 to 55,000. Unfortunately, we have a lot of deaths at the beginning of the year. Everyone holds on, you know, for the holidays. So we actually are major in, into funerals, which is all throughout the year.


But normally the cheapest month income is about 20,000. That's fantastic. That's Amazing. It looks like, you know, this business inside and out really great. And maybe you kind of let them hang on with, with the business for the first year to just make sure there's no bumps in the road as part of the deal. Yeah. So yeah, so the owner actually, obviously over 10 years we've become really close and she has actually offered to stay with me when I purchased it to stay with me for about four or five months and be my employee, just so she's my backup. And if I have any questions and she can, you know, just kind of coach me And she'll take a big pay cut for that. Yeah. She'll make what I make and she's giving me a month free, so, wow. I like this deal.


Yeah. I'd still have an attorney draw it up just to make sure it's not like a handshake agreement. But this sounds like a best case scenario for all parties and I love that you're not doing it with debt anymore. Thank God you got denied. You're gonna do it a much smarter way. Fun fact, Katie, my very first job, 14 years of age working for Anderson's Greenhouse, still there in New Newport News, Virginia. And I was the Oh wow. I was the laborer who got the poinsettia plants prepared and ready to go big Christmas business on Poinsettia. So, And I bet you are busy. You need to get into that business. There's another big boom in December. Everybody likes those fresh red plants. Especially George,


Sticking to a budget is hard enough. And inflation, George, it isn't helping us. Yep. In fact, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. But ALDI makes it easy. Aldi's private label, It is delicious food with incredible prices that you can stay within your budget. Yeah. And ALDI has the lowest prices of any national grocery store, which is really impressive. And with all the money you saved, you're gonna be making more progress toward your financial goals. Yes. Which is what we want for you guys. So stop overpaying and start shopping at ALDI. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us. That's a ldi.us.


All Right. Let's Go to Martin in Lubbock, Texas. Martin, How can we help today? Hey man, I appreciate answering my call. I enjoy listening to you guys. Thank you. I'm calling, I'm calling about insurance. I'm a 65-year-old rancher that is a, puts insurance about a step above the IRS and I'm to the point of trying to decide if I wanna self-insure not my vehicles so much, but our home and our, and our outbuildings on our ranch. And just kind of want your idea about it. I've been thinking about this for quite a while.


Well, my guess is, is you're thinking about it because you've got, you think the right amount of cash, right amount of money to be able to do this? Or is this just an idea only? Yeah, feel Like I can, well I can, I can replace it myself. Yeah. Run the numbers. If, if something Were to happen Yeah. Run the numbers out for us. Well the, the house I'm gonna say is probably what they haven't valued at 780,000. And then the, I've got two barns that about 150,000 a piece. I can build them cheaper than that, but that's what it would cost if I had 'em built. 'cause I built them years ago. Or we did a couple other buildings that run probably about $50,000.


So whatever that comes out to a million or so dollars, maybe, let's say a tornado came through, which has, it has happened before, but I have not made a claim on my home ever. Not a hail claim. What Is your insurance cost total Per year? Oh, it's not very much. It's per year. It's, oh, I'm, I'm grasping about 96. 9,600 a year. Okay. Versus if, let's just play out the worst case scenario and you just ran the numbers. So if I'm understanding you right, you're telling me you got that cash set aside where you could replace all those buildings home included?


Well, But why? So here's my, and this is an honest question. Why does the $9,600 bother you so much? A big deal? Much. Yeah. Because instead of using up all that cash, How much cash do you have? Like what, how much do you have? Liquid? No, That's fair. Liquid. Liquid cash. Oh, if you're in, It's not a trick question. No, I'm gonna say, let's say 2.5. Okay. And Then of course I've got investments that I can't just, that's liquid that I can't just get out. Yeah, It would, it would take some work to, to liquefy it if you will. I just don't see what would possibly bother you so much given that that's your financial position.


Why $9,600 a year? Yeah. You put that 2 million in a savings account, it's gonna make enough to pay for your insurance 10 times over. And so I, I'll tell you, oh yeah, Dave RAMSEY has insurance on all his properties. I would, and he can very well self insure if he wants to, but for the bargain, it's worth the peace of mind knowing he doesn't have to burn his own cash for the, you know, 800 bucks a month that you're paying toward insurance. And the other piece is for liability coverage. You know, exposure to lawsuits. No, I, I've been told that a bunch by insurance. If I were you Martin, here's the bottom line. If I were you, I would pay that insurance with a smile on my face. Given your position, I'm Not worth That.


You're Worth over a million dollars and you gotta pay the tax man. That's the Smartest thing On top of paying taxes already. Yeah. Put all your angst towards the IRS that I'm all for, but not the insurance man in this case, the insurance is a really smart financial move for you. Very smart. That's peace of mind. I would Go to bed every night going, ah, taxes, but then I'd go, ah, insurance. That's, that's, yeah. Am I right George? Well it sounds like you've been burning some brain calories just thinking about this. It's living rent free in your head. Just thinking About shit. Totally. Well you said that insurance man is just barely above the IRS guy and I thought there was a deeper story here. No, it wasn't.


It wasn't. It is just that I, you know, when when you do cars and you do tractors and you do, you know, you do crop insurance and you, you, I I I get it. It seems like that's all I do is insure I Get it. And One thing you can do is see if you can, you know, raise your deductible, which could lower your premium so you can still dig into your insurance and say, Hey, where could I do better to lower what I'm paying since I can take on more risk. So I would work with a good insurance broker. Do you have one that you trust? Yeah, I do. I do. I've, I've known him for years And so I can't, I can't really, I don't know if I put him with IRS, but there we go. He's a good guy. I would talk to him. Say just Really Martin, I think I Don don't make me feel good.


Okay. Yeah. Well you know, Martin, I think, I think I figured out what's going on with you. You just, you're so tight. You squeak when you walk and You, you pretty well have The idea of you, you paying anyone for anything. So, so the idea of paying insurance is not even about the insurance. You just got stuck at paying and It is. It is. And so the forced I've been, the forced payment is what gives you hives. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, It is what just aggravates me. You know? I get it brother, but man flip, get a Crop check back. I'm like yeah, I know. But the flip side of that is, is that it allows you to keep that cash and that 2.5 million can grow and grow and grow and so you're just gonna have to play some type of mental game here to get over it.


And I thought that was what was going on with you. And I get it, I get it. I'd shed a tear and then wipe it with a hundred dollars bill and move on with my day. Oh no, that's a flex. That's how you do It. I like that one. I wanna be Martin when I grow up though. I mean this man who doesn't Want it. This guy's got it. I wanna be a ranch. He's got dirt, he's got buildings on the dirt. He's got got millions in the bank and he's calling us griping about insurance. That's how It is. Call Martin. That's how a true American is Ken life is good friend. You've done well. He Would've been quarantine into the harbor. Yes. He, if he was a little older, Guarantee you he'd have been throwing it over the ship. Let's Go to Isabella in your neck of the woods. George, the Boston area. Hey, we can see Isabella.


How can we help? Hi. So I was kind of a weird one or maybe it's not, but I, I'm trying to figure out if my husband and I should file bankruptcy. Yeah, that's weird. What's going on? Yeah. What's causing you to even go this like napalm solution? So we're both 21. We got married in April, so just married. But Is this to how you're celebrated? We ended up with bankruptcy, yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's super fun. What did you two do? Did you do this together or did you bring this mess into the marriage?


So technically it was right before we got married. Long story short, my husband's father was trying to sell their childhood home And we are kind of in a weird home situation right now. We're living with my parents and an in-law and it's not super ideal. Holy smokes. Yeah. And he ended up my husband taking an $80,000 loan out, a home equity loan on that property for his name to be on the deed and us for it, have us to have half of the property basically live upstairs. His father would move downstairs. His father had like $30,000 in credit card debt and needed us to pay that off.


Which looking back now was not a great idea. I'm looking for any good idea so far in this relationship. This sounds like a reality TV show. I live with my parents and in-law and everybody's got debt And we split the house up half ownership. It's just a reality TV so you Can't even sell the house because he only owns half. So we tried to, so we had to move out because it got really hostile. Oh. Not to go too into it, but surprise We didn't know this until after Surprise. Yeah. His dad has a history of domestic violence and a whole thing, which I didn't know about until after this was done. That Would've been good information Oh Boy. To have.


Yeah. So now you are paying a payment on a place You don't even live while paying another payment to rent somewhere else. Yeah. So that's awesome. Fortunately we only pay like 400 'cause we're technically living with my parents. So they've been nice and, and helping us with all of this. But we're pretty much at a crossroads of his father refuses to sell the home unless my husband takes his name off the deed and basically gives him all the rights, which, who knows what he's gonna do and if he actually sells it. 'cause we're pretty sure he is renting it out and we're kind of in a really weird spot. Yeah. Well, bankruptcy is not gonna solve this. This is a relational issue, potentially attorney issue to get out of this mess.


What's your total debt between the two of you? It's 80,000 for the home equity and then about 6,000 in credit card debt. And what's the total income between the two of you? I can't work. I, I had to leave my job last year. I have health issues and so it's just my husband working unfortunately. It's the hard part with all of this. Oh my Goodness. Well, we're gonna need to get the income up, the expenses down and clean up this mess and hopefully we can get out of this home equity loan situation if the house can be sold. But That's is not the option here. Exactly.


All Right. It is time for my personal favorite segment on The Ramsey Show. Strong words. It's when George talks nerdy. I love when you talk nerdy George. So without any further ado, talk nerdy to me. Guess what today's is about? I don't know. Should I guess? Yeah, it involves, it's Either real estate or the IRS Oh Oh. It's about taxes withholding. How'd You know? Well, I mean, well could it, if it's about taxes, we Gotta talk about how do you know when it's time to change your tax withholdings? Oh, okay. This is the age old Question. I'm gonna try to, I'm gonna try to be polite 'cause you, you know, I hate taxes.


Well this is gonna really fill your cup. Oh, I thought you were gonna say burn my biscuits. That too. Okay, here we go. Here's The stat or steam my broccoli. As of April 25th. Over 90 million people got a refund from the IRS this year. And you would think, wow, what a nice thing your refund or tax bill reveals how accurate your tax withholdings or quarterly payments were throughout the year. So the goal, a lot of people don't know this is not to get a refund, not to owe a bunch of money but to break even. Got that. Yeah. Got it. 'cause the big T tax refund means you're withholding too much. The government held onto your money at 0% interest and then gave it back to you. Yeah. Come tax time.


So most people, they submit their W four form, they set it, they forget it, but then life changes. And so should your withholdings and the amount taken out depends on two things, what you make and what's on that W four form. So how does this work? Tax withholding? Well, everyone who works pays income tax in certain states. You might also pay a separate income tax. So when you start a new job, you have a major life change that could get married. You gotta fill out a W four form and that tells your employer how much to take out of your paycheck for taxes. So how do you determine this withholding amount? There's two ways. Number one, you can divide up last year's taxes. So look up what you owed last year divided by 12. That's how much more needs to be withheld each month.


And then you can do a mock tax return. I know that's what you like to do on the weekends, Ken, just to stay sharp. Well, you know, my morning coffee on a Saturday morning around, you know, mid-March, I like to start tinkering with that. Yeah. Like you used to do a mock trial. Remember those back in school? I that you, this will be no surprise to you. That was one of my favorite things from high school. You would've been a great trial lawyer. You know, it's been said before. Okay, well Instead Of the trial, try a tax return. You can do this with any, you know, online tax software that's free. It'll tell you exactly what you owe. You divide that amount by 26 if you get paid every two weeks or 24. If you get paid twice a month, it's like we get paid twice a month here at RAMSEY. So that's what we Would do. Now let me ask a question. All Right.


When you do that, can you get mock arrested if you mess it up? That's A good question. I don't, I think you're, I Get a little nervous doing my own tax return. It's like maritime Law. I know, but I'm saying if you fill it out wrong, do you get some type of warning that says, oh no, You can fudge the numbers with a fake tax because you're not actually submitting anything. All Right. I Thought it was a dumb question. I think it Was. I don't think the government's watching at that point. Okay, so here's how to update your withholding. You should update your W four when something major happens that affects your finances and your tax bill. So let's say you buy a home, you get married, you have a baby that could change things. And so if you change that on W four, your withholding will stay accurate. That's what you want. And then look at your tax refund to your tax bill.


No major life changes last year, but you still got a big refund. It is time to adjust and then check and change that W four. So it's that simple and it's really easy to do. You can, if you, you know, have an employer just email hr, walk up to them and say Hey I gotta change my W four and they will help you out with that.


And if you've got questions you can contact a RAMSEY Trusted Tax pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tax resources. We are here for you.


And that painless Is George talking nerdy? They don't teach you this stuff in school? No they don't. They should. Our high school curriculum I actually teach on the W four form. Yeah. And I say what's a W four form for? Oh see The kids love it. They eat It up, they laugh at that. They Eat up a little alliteration. I mean there's no wonder you're so popular to the next generation. Is that true? I've seen it with my own eyes when we have student groups come here to Ramsey Solutions and you walk out I thoughts True. Oh that's true. I feel like the Beatles are here. It is scary. 'cause they're all six foot seven. I don know what they're feeding kids these days, but they're all towering over me. Yeah. Like with their Snapchats out, trying to take selfies and I get very scared. What do you think It is that makes you appeal to these youngsters?


I think it's that I'm not intimidating. Mm. Whereas you, you've got a real like Clint Eastwood Vibe to you. Not true. You know what I mean? Not true. But I get what you're saying about you. I'm the least intimidating man you could meet. Nah, I think it's something. I think you're very funny And I don't take myself seriously. I'm self-deprecating. Yes. That's what kids want. They want someone with a guard down who's quick to make fun of themselves. That's good. Alright, let's Go to Vanessa in Naples, Florida. Vanessa, how can we help? Hi John and George. Thank you guys so much for honoring me with your time. I'm currently in the process where I'm listing my home and we're looking to have about 620,000 in equity. My mom's my realtor and she's kind of suggesting us to purchase a home more expensive cash to avoid capital gain stocks.


But I'm kind of wanting to liquefy as much money as I can and kind of be foal with the home purchase and try to have as much in our savings. Why? I'm Confused. Why? Explain to me how it's better to buy a more expensive home tax wise. Yes. She was saying because of the amount of equity and profit we're making on the home, she was explaining that if we purchase a home to an expense, we're gonna have to pay capital gain from the difference. I don't understand that. I don't Either. So how much did you purchase the house for? So I purchased the home back in 2020 for three, two, five. We only owe about 2 75 right now.


Okay. So the home was purchased for 3 25. What are you gonna sell it for? 8 95. 8 95. And you guys are married filing jointly? I'm currently filing jointly with my husband, but I purchased the home prior to our marriage. Okay. But if you're married filing jointly, you should have $500,000 worth of tax free growth. Correct? Correct. That's, that was my understanding. So you'll only owe capital gains on the 70,000 above that. Okay. And so Mos, which should be long-term capital gains. And so that's why we're confused as to why she would recommend that. And, and, and I, I'm gonna tell you point blank, you should go with your gut and what you want to do.


Yeah. I don't understand What the new house has to do with your capital gains taxes on this sale. Yeah. Right, Right. I don't think it has anything to do with it. That's, I'm confused. Okay. So what's that? Even if it, I'm not an expert on this end, but, Well, first of all I did, we're not tax experts either, but I don't, I think she's got that confused. But here's the point. I still think we're focusing on the wrong thing. Whether mom's right or me and Georgia. Right on the capital gains thing is not the issue. It's not what we should be discussing. What we should be discussing is, is that she's recommending you buy more expensive house. Oh by the way, she's gonna make more the more the the house costs. Yeah. What Do you, what's her commission On this? She's Sorry mom. Is she giving you a deal? Right. So no, she said if we do a discount And we not attract the buyer's agent.


So she's charging the full thing. Yeah. So again, let me come back to the core thing. You want to have more cash as you move into the next house for your financial goals. You want to be more frugal on this next purchase. And I agree with you. Right. Because first of all, it makes total sense. Second, it's what you want to do. Don't do what mom is telling you to do. You're a big girl. Yeah. Yeah. We currently have a 10 month old. So my long term goal is to kind of take a step back from work. 'cause my husband's a firefighter and we're living alone out here. So he is starting to get a little burnt out. So I'm hoping to, you know, kind of be able to take a step back, take care of the kids and great.


So what you gonna tell mom In our emergency fund? Great. No. That will list and I'll purchase the home that my husband and I decide and my husband's on board. He agrees with getting the best home for the least amount of money that We, okay, well your mom is wrong on multiple accounts, so there's our answer. Okay. She's wrong. Really appreciate you guys. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for calling. But listen, you're right. She's wrong. Bless her heart. Be respectful. Tell her how it's gonna be and you do what you wanna do on this. 'cause one, One final question, Vanessa, what's your household income? So I currently make 90 and my husband makes 65. So we're a little under one 50.


Okay. So you would be at a 15% long-term capital gains. Right. Which means 15% of that extra 70, you're looking at like a $10,000 tax. And that doesn't change regardless of what happens next. Once you sell this home, that's what you owe. It has nothing to do with the next purchase. I'm confused. Maybe I'm too dumb to understand. Okay. But I don't know what your next house purchase has to do with this and how buying a more expensive one is going to offset the taxes. Yeah. But I would talk to a tax pro and say, thanks mom, I'm gonna handle this one. Yeah. I make these decisions Here. Yeah. And congratulations on where you guys are and, and the decisions you're making for your family. Yeah. As well as your finances. Amazing equity in this home. Way to go, Vanessa. Sorry mom. They'll give advice to somebody else.


Hey guys. George Campbell here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you Go to Ramsey's Insurance resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro, who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships alongside the incomparable George Campbell. I'm Kid Coleman. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is how you can jump in. And Lindsay's here in Columbia, South Carolina. Lindsay. Hello. Hi. Hey, how are you guys? Well, we're having a lot of fun. How can we help? Well, That's good. Yeah. Well, mine's kind of different. I'm calling more because relationship advice, It's my favorite thing. I have been my favorite part.


I'm not kidding you. I love this. What's going on? I have been, well, I've been going back and forth and I just figured I'd come ask the experts. I've been with my long-term boyfriend for six years, but we've been long distance. We were together in college and now he's in another state and about seven hours away. And I am a graduate student. I'm also working full time as a speech language pathologist. And he also graduated a year after me. But he is unemployed for the last six months. He is 24 with 25 soon. And I'm 25 currently.


And he does not have a driver's license. He doesn't have a car. He has been unemployed. He just does not know what he wants to do with his, is He living with his parents? He was living with siblings and now he is living with his grandparents. Lovely. And why does he not have a driver's license? Well, I think it's because, well from what I have been told, it's been access to a car car in order to I guess do the the test and get what he needs. And he doesn't have the best Sounds like you don't believe that Situation. It's just because I feel like if you really want something, you'll make it happen.


Yeah. I just, I'm not But do you Think he's lying to you? I don't think he is lying. I know his family dynamic and the children had to kind of like raise themselves and there has not been any like, role models like, you know, adult wise. Oh. So kind of having to maneuver life without a role model. He's a first generation and you know, I'm not trying to make excuses, but this is just the face of the matter and it's just, we're not in the same face of life. So I'm just kind of like looking forward. I graduate next year and I'm, I'm, I've got a $20,000 raise that's gonna come soon and he's got debt and I don't have any. Lindsay, I'm gonna cut to the chase.


What's, you don't Respect this guy? Yes. Why are you with him? Because, I mean, I love who he is. I mean, who is he? He is like, he's my best friend and he, he actually became in his relationship with God in the last year or two. And so he is just shown me a lot of info as a person. But in aspect of just like the driving ambition, I'm just not seeing what I would like to see and, and it just makes me pessimistic. So what's your question for us? You said you called the experts. What's your question As far as what you've seen from people who are much older than me?


I know how, you know, money, financial things like this can break relationships. I have, my parents have been divorced and I just don't wanna follow the same footsteps. I wanna look back and be like, you know, I made the right decision and like, you know, love can't pay the bills. Love isn't go, isn't necessarily the only foundation to have. All Right. No, I get it. You're, you're, listen, I, I totally get you what I, here's what I'm trying to do. I want you to identify what It is that you're asking us. And I think I know what is your question for us? Yeah, I think you're, here's what I think, let me try to help you. I think you think that you should break up with this guy, but you're not sure and you wanted to get our opinion Right?


Like I just didn't know if it's too soon considering like too Soon to do what Our age to break up? No, because I feel like I'm being impatient. No, I I actually am old enough to be your dad. So can I be your, can I be your show dad Please, because I don't have one. Oh, bless your heart. That's okay. I'm, I'm gonna be your dad on this. If you were my daughter, I would say trust your instincts. It's okay for you to love him. You have loved him. You can still love him and not be with him. And yeah. I don't think he is in a place in his life where he can be the level of boyfriend that you deserve at this stage in your life.


You're not a 16-year-old girl anymore. Yeah. And I think you have to love him enough to let him go for now. And in letting him go, we're gonna find out if he has the grit to continue to grow from his faith conversion and what's going on inside of him spiritually, yay for that. But he's still gotta step out into the real world and overcome the junk that he dealt with growing up. Seems like his siblings have on some level. And so you need to be his friend right now, not his girlfriend. That's my dad advice. Yes. And move forward as though he is somebody that you have loved, you love on some level, but you are not ready to choose to love him as a fiance or a husband because he's not in a place to be that for you.


Correct. I agree. Yeah, George, Agree or Disagree a hundred percent. And I think you're only gonna get increasingly resentful if you hang onto this relationship knowing in your gut that it's not going to work. Yeah. It's not gonna work. If you feel like a babysitter in this relationship, you're stuck in this dynamic. You have very different values and goals. He won't take responsibility. You're not seeing any real effort or improvement then staying means you're not being true to your own values, goals, and wellbeing. You're causing yourself harm and him harm. I agree. And so I think you we're, we're not here to tell you what you need to do. You need to decide that for yourself. But by the way you're talking, it tells me that you're just looking for permission. Yeah. 'cause you're fed up and that's an okay thing.


Yeah. To be fed up with someone's behavior. By The way, while I'm thinking about it, Lindsay and George, and again playing the dad role here, I'd go, if he loves you so much, why isn't he living in the same area as you finding a job and being around you? Right. Homeboy is well, is no, you don't have to answer it. I'm just telling you I'm not criticizing him. But I'm saying that tells me, and I'm actually, this may sound odd to you, Lindsay, but I'm actually giving him some grace. I don't think he's capable of doing that. 'cause if he was Yeah, he would have. Yeah. And so he's not where you are trying to woo you and be the best boyfriend he can be.


He's off trying to lick his wounds. And, and that's what I think he needs to do. I mean, he needs to heel and he needs to come back outta the cave. And I just think for right now, it's time to let him go. Which I already explained in detail. So Yeah. I'm so sorry. I appreciate the honesty. It doesn't make it easier. I I really, I I appreciate it. I really truly do. Thank you guys so much. Listen Lindsay, you're worth a man who can be what you need him to be. Yeah. And I think that's what needs to be your bumper sticker today. Mm. You hear me? That's A good one. Yes. You. Because sweetheart, hear you. I know that that's hard maybe sometimes for you to believe 'cause your own father's not in the picture.


And that breaks my heart as well. You don't have a good picture of what this is supposed to look like. Yeah. But you're crushing it kiddo. You're crushing it. Thank you So much. You are on the path. Thank you guys. Yeah, you bet. We're rooting for you. Lindsay. Favorite, favorite caller day? Thank you guys right there. Lindsay's my favorite. I don't mind saying that. I don't care. Who knows? Dang. I'm right next to you, man. I said caller Okay. Not co-host.


You work your butt off for your money, but your money's never going to return the favor. If all you do is hope for the best. If you're ready to learn how to make your money work for you, check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Investor can help you find advisors who specialize in retirement planning, charitable giving, advanced investing strategies and more. Whatever your goals, your pro will take the time to explain your options so you never have to invest in anything You don't understand. Head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart Investor. The Get Connected. RAMSEY Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating. Pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart Investor.


Chase is up next in Minneapolis. Chase, How can we help today? Hey Kim. George, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. So my wife and I, we've been on the RAMSEY program for about eight years. We're getting ready to be on baby step seven again at here in about 18 months. But we recently moved to Minnesota and we've been at a new church for about six months. We love the church, great community, but they're currently looking at taking out a $2 million loan to do some remodels on the church. And so we're not sure if it's the right church for us Just because of that. Yeah. Kind of the way they've navigated it, they, you know, they made a, making a campaign initially to, to raise some of the funds and they weren't, you know, the remodel is gonna cost more than they expected.


So they're looking to do a, a loan, you know, right now, $2 million their debt free otherwise before this. And so we're just, we're not big proponents of debt. Yeah. I, you know, this is tricky because you get to decide where you Go to church and why you Go to church there. So I'm not sure what you want us to weigh in on because there are a lot of churches in America that use debt. Like a lot of people use debt for home mortgages. So, you know, we at Ramsey Solutions don't think that mortgages are evil. I you wanting to leave the church over this is your prerogative.


If you're asking me would I leave a church, if they decided to get a, to take a loan out to do some remodeling, I probably wouldn't leave over that singular issue. If they were dishonest in how they communicated to the church body about it and there was something squirrely in how they communicated it and the church body and the church leadership weren't in, in con in, you know, congruence and there was something squirrely like that, then I can see that that's the best I can do. George is, is try to weigh in that way. Yeah, I understand your frustration because they're debt-free currently and you know that, hey, my tithe money partially is gonna go toward paying off this debt that we didn't really need to take on.


Is that part of what's going on here? That is they are gonna be putting it to a member vote, you know, and so it's gonna be a, you know, majority rules on the vote. Obviously we know that majority Americans don't view debt the same way, you know, RAMSEY followers do, but so they're gonna be putting into a vote. I guess the biggest question is how do I navigate, you know, my conversations with others know as far as, you know, I personally think a poor decision, you know, and I think that that's what, you know, what I've really felt led to share with others. It, have you talked to the leadership about this? Have you voiced your concerns? I have privately. I have, yes. Yeah. And what have, what have they said?


Some of the, some of the governing board, you know, is against the that as well. That's why they're putting it to the members. But also, you know, they believe that this remodels essential to get, you know, more people in the door essentially and not What, what if you offered a solution, they're not well you said, Hey, what if we did this at the speed of cash And we did a campaign to raise the funds instead of take on the debt and then work on paying it off. Yeah. And I think that would be, you know, that'd be the ideal. That's my opinion on it. But they are putting it to a vote here in a few weeks and the vote is, do we take the $2 million loan or not? And then obviously if not, they'll explore other options where, you know, I'd love to have that conversation there.


And so I think you pushed on that. Guess do I Actually, Let's, let's see how this all plays Out. Well, let me say this. I don't think it's your job to be the campaign manager against it. Again, it's your prerogative, but I, I believe that gotta be very careful in the, in the church. I think there's a higher standard here to not gossip, to not turn into some type of agent. I Wouldn't be picketing outside. Yeah. So when you asked the question a few minutes earlier that I want to address, you said, what do I do when we dis when people discuss it and when people discuss it and you're brought into the conversation, they say, which way are you gonna vote? You can go, as for me and my house, we're anti debt And we think we would rather have the church save this money up over time And we do the renovation when we can pay cash.


That's our position on it. That's 'cause where we are personally. This is what the Bible says about debt. You can say everything you want to, but you gotta stop short of gossip. You gotta stop short of running the leadership down. Because if it bothers you that much and you can't be a healthy member of that church, then you should walk. If it bothers you that much, then yes, you should leave. And again, that's your prerogative. I don't criticize that, but it should that be the very single issue for me. No, it wouldn't be, but I honor yours. If that's, if that's a thing for you, then be that way. But you could certainly vo you need to voice your opinion and vote. But you know, after that, I'm just telling you, if you think the only church you're Go to Peace with or leave Make peace.


Yeah. But you go into a, a debt-free church may be more difficult than you think It is. Yeah. Yeah. I don I don't want you church hopping for the next 20 years because you disagree with a financial decision they made at one point. And so it it's going to be exhausting, but I think the question ask yourself is, can I still worship here, serve here, trust the leadership here, even if I disagree. And at some point if there's a pattern of disagreement that bothers you spiritually, I think it, that's your sign to, to leave.


Alright, I wanna tr thanks for the call Chase. I wanna transition to, we took a call a little bit earlier, a young lady who in a long distance relationship, the long time boyfriend, she's young, like 24, 25, but they started dating when they were 16 ish. He's now living seven hours away, living with siblings George and not working, doesn't have a driver's license. And she cited a lack of ambition. But when you pressed her, she said, I love him. And you said, why are you still with him? Because you could tell she was almost looking for permission to break up and she responded to you. I love who he is and he's apparently growing spiritually, but certainly stuck financially, professionally in every way. And so you said that reminded you of a recent social media reel. Yes. And the team has pulled that up. The, so take it away. So this is a clip of Professor Scott Galloway interviewed by Lewis House. Okay. Talk about this issue. It is minute long and I think this hits the heart of what's going on in a lot of frustrating relationships in America today. Let's, let's play the clip. Let's, let's check It out. My young metaphorically, women are getting taller every day. They're killing it Financially. Education, intelligence, opportunities, resources. Women are killing it. And it's amazing. We shouldn't do anything that gets in the way of that. The question is, how do we lift up men who wants more economically and emotionally viable men, women, Why are men not doing as well in today's society and why are versus women continue to thrive? Which is a great thing. Yeah. But why aren't men thriving equally or at the same pace? So I'm parroting Richard Reeve's, great work of Boys to men. There's a lot, a lot of reasons biologically men mature later. Their prefrontal cortex is literally 18 to 24 months behind the girls. Wow. So a, a senior, two seniors applying to college, a boy and a girl, 17-year-old boy and girl. Essentially the girl is competing against a 15-year-old. Oh my gosh. So they, they think about, think about school, what are the behaviors we promote in school? You organized, you pleaser, sit still. Oh Man. Basically education is set up for girls. I couldn't do it. And there's a lot of shame when boys, you know, just, man, it's so challenging. My 13-year-old, the idea of my 13-year-old sitting in still, okay. There was a part before that that I think we missed. But he talks about what women are looking for in a man, what's attractive. And he talks about kindness, intelligence. And the most important one was a man's ability to signal future provision. And that's, I think at the heart of our friend Lindsay's call is she was seeing, she was reading the tea leaves going, this guy's not gonna be able to protect me. Yeah. You know, from a primal level of just physically, but financially or can he protect me and provide Or, 'cause I know some, some females in our audience would go, I don't like the way that sounds so let me, and I'm not disagreeing with you. Some women would see it that way. Other women would say, I don't see any possibility of an effective partner. Exactly. You know, to actually ask the Lack of Yeah. Which bleed into the professional, the financial, yeah. I, I think that's, I think it's absolutely true. And by the way, that doesn't make a woman needy or weak. That would be to me very normal. If this was a business partnership, I wanna know that you're gonna be able to, to handle some weight. Well, you and I are both girl dads. Yes. And we both want our daughters to seek men that can be providing, protecting, adding in, partnering so that It is a true partnership and not one just completely relying on the other. Yeah. No one's signing up to be the babysitter and parent for the rest of their life. They want a true partner. Yeah. And so you gotta signal those things through your ambition. Yeah. Through your personal and professional purpose. I Thought that was very interesting what he said. I think that's true. I'm not sure my prefrontal cortex is finish. We'll Get there. I'll work on a it during the break, I'm hoping. All Right. The RAMSEY. So question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi defaulted private student loans can feel like a wall that you're never gonna able to rather be able to get over. But Why Refi can help you climb it. They'll work with you to explore a payment plan tailored to your situation. Go to Y refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states. Let's get to the question. It comes from Alex in California.


I'm 16 years old and I'm very interested in personal finance. As an avid watcher of your show and a researcher of personal finance advice, I realize how important It is to have a good financial future, which includes planning for retirement. Currently I'm investing $2,500 a month into index funds. Wow. However, I keep coming across articles and content from RAMSEY advocating for actively managed mutual funds instead. I don't understand the benefit of investing in something with much higher fees. Can you please explain what I'm missing or what I'm wrong on? Wow. I'm still 16-year-old. 16 years old, and they're investing 2,500 bucks a month. Well, you to go, Alex. I, I assume this is real. I don't know if the team is trolling me, but that's a pretty insane 16-year-old who's crushing it.


I don't know if they're even in school at this point. They probably are running a business full time. You Know, it's funny to me that you're that surprised by this. I absolutely am buying this. I think that a 16-year-old who may have a great side business or something, they, they're really crushing it and they got no expenses and he's essentially probably investing almost everything you bring you. Yeah. This kid sounds like a young George Kamel. I wish, I wish I was. I mean, I was a knucklehead up until yesterday, so I'm just really impressed with this guy. But, okay, let's talk about what, what he's after here. So we're talking about index funds, funds versus mutual funds, which both are giant baskets of stocks. Yeah. Like 90 to 200 stocks and one fund, he's hung up On the fees, it Sounds like, hung up on the fees, which I understand.


If you just look at it on paper, you're going, well, index funds are designed to be passive and they just match what the market is doing. An actively managed mutual fund. On the other hand, there is a team of professionals managing the fund, choosing which funds go in, which should come out of it, which means they can be a little more expensive. Yeah. Because there's fees involved. These people need to make a living. And so face value index funds are cheaper most of the time, but fees are not everything. Performance matters more. So you're not just gonna choose a car because of fuel economy alone. You gotta look at all the other factors. And so we do recommend actively managed mutual funds, especially in retirement accounts, but we're not anti-D index funds by any stretch.


I use those outside of retirement all day. Dave RAMSEY will do the same. But within a retirement account, you don't have to deal with turnover, and therefore it's not as expensive as you might imagine. And the goal here with the actively managed mutual fund is to beat the market. So if the index is here, just, you know, just call it a flat line foundation. The goal of the, in the mutual fund is to slightly beat it by a few percentage points. And so that's what you wanna look for is a mutual fund with a long-term track record. A great team of pros that have been doing this over a period of time. And I just looked up the stats just to see what are the actual stats on this? Oh, is this a little extra? Talk nerdy? This Is a little bonus for you. Over the past decade, an annual average, 27% of active actively managed funds benchmarked to the s and p 500, beat it.


So over one in four mutual funds beat it. Very Nice, George. Now you can flip it. Nice pull, You could flip it right. And go. Well, 73% of index funds beat the mutual funds. Right? Sure. And the goal here is not to have them fight and be competitive. It's to go, okay, well if one in four beat it, let's try to find that one in four, because that one to 2% over a long period of time really adds up. Mm. So that's the purpose behind it. And if you get one to 2% or 3% more, it will more than justify the fees. So it's a very nerdy discussion to have. The key here is savings rate. Are you putting money away into some type of fund over a consistent long period of time? And so if we're arguing over, well, you have 2.1 or 2.2 million, I'm happy to have that argument.


The truth is, America's retiring broke because they're not investing at all or falling for investment trap. So I'm a fan of index funds, I'm a fan of mutual funds. Both have validity and have their place. And for a 16-year-old, you know, it sounds like he, he's gonna be a multi multimillionaire. Yeah. Maybe with his own show one Day. Yeah. He's on his way by the way. It makes me think. I wanna recommend to our audience, you're hearing George talk about this, answer this question. You're going, man, I wish I, I just had a better grasp of investing. And we recently created the RAMSEY investing hub. This is fabulous. Has a ton of tools and information that will help you understand investing and then actually be able to invest. It's at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing.


Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing. Or of course, it's in the show notes. And this is the RAMSEY investing hub. Team's done a great job on this, by the way, of, kind of take it all of the basic principles that we teach and putting them right there so you can kind of peruse through. And it's, it's fabulously investment Calculator, investment guides, all kinds Of tools. Oh, well I tell you what, I love that investment calculator. Love A hub. Yeah, that's really good. George. Love the RAMSEY investing hub. Doesn't get enough left. Yeah. Amy is in Los Angeles, California. Amy, How can we help today? Hi. Hello. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. I just started listening to you guys this year and I have learned so much.


Great. My question is, is are we doing the right thing by having all of our money in the same brokerage firm? So my husband, we've got some retirement in there, and then we have some regular money. I've always been taught don't put all of your eggs in one basket. That's right. What's the right Thing? Who told you that? You know what, just growing up, I can tell you exactly Who Exactly. No, I, I think it's great advice. And we agree with that, especially when it comes to investing, George. Yeah. Well, you're talking about a brokerage firm. You're not talking about what is the asset that's in these accounts. What are you investing in As far as like the mutual funds and all of that, the breakdown of that.


Yeah. When we say You don't want all your eggs in one basket, that doesn't mean it can't be with a a single firm. We're just saying don't invest in a single stock. Did you mean fund or did you you mean firm? It's, it's a firm. It's a firm. It's a, it's a very large Right. Brokerage firm. But they've got you invested. Are you diversified within them? Exactly. Yes, we are. Okay, we are Fine. You're fine In, Yeah. Let say you have all your money with Vanguard or whoever it, that's not the issue. It's the issue is when you have all of your money in Tesla and Elon got in a fight with Trump, and now Tesla stock is down 16% and that's your entire nest egg. That's from the headlines. That's what we're avoiding here. Yeah. Yeah. So when you say you're investing in a fund, is it mostly equities versus bonds?


You know what, I'm not so sure equities explain that To that's to me stock. So that would be stocks versus bonds. Oh, Stocks. Oh, oh, oh, oh, okay. So we have mutual funds and then we have some of it in tax free bonds because we had to pay a lot of tax last year. And we, we did have it in a, in a, a credit union. And then my husband, after we pay all the taxes, he put it into tax free bonds. Okay. And then a good part of It is in a 60 40 mutual funds bonds. So there's three parts to this whole equation in the brokerage firm. How old are you two? I'm 59 and he's 64. He is retired. Okay. So depending on who you talk to and what financial advisor you're working with, you know, they tend to say, Hey, over time you wanna switch to more conservative investments, meaning moving your money out of stock and equities and into bonds.


And Dave RAMSEY himself disagrees with this asset allocation theory for a simple reason. Then what got you here is what's gonna keep you there. And so if you move all your money to bonds while the markets gets 23% returns, you're gonna get a 6% return and be saying, wow. Where I didn't get a return of my money. Yeah. Because you basically left the market. And so we, we advocate for being more heavily inequities because over time we've seen that that's going to be your best bet to keep your wealth and grow it instead of just maintain it. Okay. So do you work with a financial advisor now? We do. He does. Okay. We, I'm, I'm new. I, I come from a family of spenders and my husband's always been smarter with money than I have.


So, I mean, I'm lucky that we are where we are today because of him. It's just that now I'm learning more good and getting more involved in Yeah. And so I'm just, I'm questioning him. So we kind of go back and forth. Oh, I love that. So I Just wanna get Your guys ask all of the questions. Okay. And if they're unwilling to answer or they get defensive, they're not, they don't have the heart of a teacher, it might be time to find a new financial advisor. But I love that you're digging in and learning this stuff. It's never too late. But I want you to understand what you're investing in and why that's the key. Okay. Okay. So you may have a little homework to do. What is your net worth? What or what's the total nest egg? For both of us, it's 2.2 million. Woo. And that's including everything. But that's not 1.6 is in the brokerage firm.


And then, you know, based on our house and good for you, what we have in the bank and everything. Yeah. You guys Are doing great. You know, you've done well. We wanna keep It up. You've done well. We just wanna Keep it up. Yeah, you will. So I, I, can I ask one more quick question, you guys? Seconds. We got 10 seconds. We 10 seconds About Investing. 10 seconds. Okay. In investing, would it help me to do your class on investing the one that you just advertised? Yes. Because it's free and it'll really help you out. Absolutely, It is. So you love the free stuff, don't Amy the answer's Yes, we all do. Check it out.


Okay.


You guys remember the four walls of a budget, food, utilities, shelter, and transportation. Right now I wanna focus on food because inflation is driving up the cost of groceries and we're all feeling it. But ALDI shoppers can save up to 36% on an average shopping trip, which adds up to be about $4,000 a year for a family of four, $4,000. ALDI has what you need at prices that won't bust your budget from bread and milk to organic produce, fresh meat and affordable must-haves. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at ALDI, us That's a ldi us


Our scripture today comes from Jeremiah 32 17, old sovereign Lord. You've made the heavens and the earth by your great power and outstretched arm. Nothing is too hard for you. Our quote of the day from Warren Buffet, it's not necessary to do extraordinary things, to get extraordinary results. What do you think about old Warren starting to starting to downshift? Did you see that? Yeah. Announced a new CBOI mean, The dude's like in his nineties now He's the oracle, So I feel like it's time. And his, his one of his best buddies passed away. Sadly. I know old Charlie Munger, You know? That's right. Charlie's Legend. They were like, you know, Wal stat. What's the one from Sesame Street? Waldorf and Statler? Is that it? Sesame Street? You mean Burton, Ernie That, Nope, the old guy's in the balcony that's On Sesame Street.


That's the muffs. I was mixed It up. I'm here, I'm trying to follow you. Yeah, you said Sesame Street and I thought, well, the, the most famous Sesame Street buddies were bur Ernie. But you're talking about the two old dudes in the Muppets Stab Burn Waldorf from the Muppets. Yeah, there Go to me. That is Warren Buffet. And Charlie, I love that. It's their peanut butter and jelly. You Know, you know you have a very popular segment on your YouTube channel. Millionaires in Cars. That's right. Getting coffee. Getting Coffee. And you should get Warren Buffett. Could we Get him? I think if you really tried, If somebody knows Warren, somebody out there in Nebraska, You'd have to Go to him. We Go to Omaha. You Go to Omaha.


But what's he doing in Omaha? I don't Know if he's retiring. He's got time Drinking Coca-Cola. Being in an old Man and you sticking him in a, in a rental car would be really funny. And I would very much enjoy that. Yeah. All Right. That's my new bucket list goal. Yeah. Is to do that segment with Warren. Did You ever get any pushback from basically ripping off Seinfeld with The No. People have said like comedians in cars, they're coming after you. I'm like, Seinfeld did that Netflix show years ago. It is long since been off the air. I don't think Netflix is dealing with, with my little YouTube channel. That's Fair. Do they have the rights to anything filmed in a car? What's carpool? Karaoke coming after us next. All Right. Kids, you know, listen, relax. You got your dander up.


All Right. Sorry. Hear. You're starting to get really hot. It's just Funny, the, yeah, I'm a big Seinfeld fan. That's where it came from. I thought we could, we should do a financial segment in a car. I like it with millionaires instead of comedians. Listen, because I don't Know the comedians. Listen, I didn't know that it was gonna hit a Nerf. All Right, you need to stop shouting at me. We gotta get to Jordan here. You hit it. Jordan is in Panama City, Florida. Jordan, how can we help? Hello? Oh, I am calling 'cause I'm an educator and I, I make about 50,000 a year best take home and I'm in debt right now. So I have about 30 K in credit card debt and also personal loans as well. I have three personal loans currently and I'm trying to figure out like what would be the best course of action on my income to be able to kind of reduce some of this debt.


I also have a daughter, I'm a single parent, so I have to take care of all the household expenses, you know, her extracurricular activities like her sports that she plays, things like that. So, and I'm trying to not have to work for three jobs, you know, trying to make sure I'm present. So I'm kind of running into some issues as far as like trying to make sure that my income is enough to kind of pay off some of this debt and get in a better financial state. Okay. Let's start with, let's start with where you are currently with your current income. 'cause I certainly understand your heart there to, you know, to try not to take on more, you know, 'cause now you gotta have somebody watch her and, and, and that's tough. So with George, the, the budget guru here, first question I have for you is, with your current income and your current workload, are you budgeting to a point that you actually have some margin each month after all of your basic expenses?


It's very minimal because Like I said, I do have, even though it's not like a ton to a credit card debt, it's over like nine different credit cards. So they all have different monthly payments. So that kind of makes it a little bit more challenging on the credit card. What happened that got us into all this debt? What'd you spend all this money on? Personal loans and credit cards. Well, what happened was, I was living in a, i, I haven't always been living in Florida. I was living to where else that was slightly higher cost of living and still in the same position. But I wasn't making, I wasn't even making $20 an hour to try to survive. So at that point I was just in survival mode. So I was getting more credit and equating that to more money.


But that's not more money, that's just more debt. Okay. So now, so have you taken a turn? Have you borrowed a, a dime in the last year? When did all this stop? No, it, It is been, oh, three years now. Three years since you've had this debt or took, took out this debt and now you're trying to clean up the mess. Correct. Okay. And you have how much in personal loans? You said you have 30,000 in credit card debt, but it sounds like there's more. Yeah, I'm not 100% sure of the exact amount. I think it's closer to that 30 k. There's, it's three different personal loans. So three different payments. So that's about 9 95 a month.


Woo. Just to repay those, We're gonna, we're gonna have some homework to do. You're gonna Go to annual credit report.com. You can pull your credit reports for free and that's gonna give you a real accurate picture of where you stand today, how much debt you owe into who. Then what you're gonna do is list all these debts out from smallest to largest nine credit cards. We're gonna list out the smallest one first, then go all the way up and you're gonna make minimum payments on all of these debts. But on that little one, you're going to attack it with a vengeance. So it's gonna get paid off fast and it's gonna free up a payment faster. Okay. That's called the debt snowball method. That is the only way and best way to get outta debt once and for all in my book. And so in the baby steps that we teach, baby, step one is a thousand dollars starter emergency fund.


Do you have a thousand bucks right now? No. How soon could you get a thousand bucks next paycheck? Well, because we do get a couple different checks for at the end of the year. I could probably take out a thousand per month because we get multiple paychecks at one time to finish paying out. But What about your, your next paycheck? How much is that gonna be? I take home about 2000, but we get four of them to pay out our contracts. So it'll be about 8,000 that I'll get. Okay. And what are your total monthly expenses? Like Ken mentioned, what do you actually need to run your household for one month?


Approximately 2000. 'cause my mortgage is about 14 and some change. Minneapolis. What, What was the total per month? Four. It is about 1445. No, I'm saying what's the total expenses per month? Is it 3000, 4,000, 5,000 per month to cover everything? No, about about about 2000. 'cause I don't have a car payment. No, That's, that can't be right because you said your mortgage is 1400. You told us that your debt payment on the credit cards alone is 900. Oh Oh, I thought you were talking about like just The No, we're Talking, we're talking food, utility, shelter, everything. Transportation, minimum debt, payments, insurance, all of that combined to cover you for one month. That's about $3,500. Okay. And you're bringing in probably around 4,200 or so.


You said you make 50 k take home? Yeah, it's, it's, it's right under 42. It's actually about 41 60 each. So here's what that means though. You said you spend 3,500 a month and you bring in 4,100, which means you should have 600 bucks extra per month, right? Thereabout? It just depends. It varies by month because Jordan, Hear me clearly this needs to become mathematically sound where you go, I know exactly where every dollar's going. I know exactly where EveryDollar, every dollar's coming in. So far you've been floating through life. Is that true?


You've been in survival mode, living paycheck to paycheck for too long. Correct. And so going forward you need to know exactly what's happening with your money. 'cause you work too hard to be this broke. Yeah. So I'm gonna hook you up with EveryDollar Premium. It's our budgeting app and you're gonna lay out your income that take home pay from each paycheck is gonna be listed under income for the month of June. Then underneath that list, every single expense, everything has a line item, everything has a home, EveryDollar has a job, and that's gonna show you how much is left over. And with that amount left over, you're gonna put that away in a savings account. Do you have one of those? I do. Okay, good. Which means within two paychecks or three paychecks, you'll have a thousand dollars in that savings account.


Correct? Yes. Which means it's not maybe gonna happen, it's gonna happen. I'm putting 600 bucks away no matter what, and I'll figure out the rest. That's the kind of attitude you're gonna need to get out of this debt on top of getting your income up. So better job is what we're looking to in the long term. Short term. If you have to pick up a second job, that's fine, but you gotta get to a point, let's, let's work off of George's numbers where you should have a surplus of $600 a month. Okay, now if we can go make an additional 1500, let's just, or let's just say 1400, let's round that up to two grand. You start putting that towards debt.


That's $24,000 of debt paid off in 12 months. I just want you to catch a vision for that. It doesn't mean you're gonna have to do that forever, but you may have to do that for a short season 'cause you're a single mama. But you can do it. We believe in you. Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share.


So this June, we have pulled together the brand new RAMSEY 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the RAMSEY plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat.


Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money.