
This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about life, specifically your money, your profession, and your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. We'd love to hear from you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Joining me today is Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. We're excited to be together to help you out. Let's get it going with McKayla in Raleigh, North Carolina. McKayla, How can we help today? Good afternoon. Thank you so much for allowing me to receive your wisdom today. Oh boy. Well, don't thank us too soon. That is you. We haven't even dispensed of it yet. Yeah. But I like how optimistic you are.


What's going on? So, So I have both a money and a relationship question all in one. Ooh, in January, my father-in-law sad passed away and left behind my mother-in-law. They were married 52 years and he handled all of the finances. So on his dad's bed, my, my father-in-law asked my husband to take care of his mom and take care of the rental property, which is gonna be basically her income going forward. All great. It, we didn't realize until a couple months in that the property was left very poorly maintained. There was some bag taxes on it. We had to, there's been no insurance on the property. HOA is very high. So after we looked at all the numbers, we realized this is never gonna be a truly income producing property where she can actually receive income from it.


And the only reason it has been lately is because it was not maintained well. So it's been a point of contention because it makes sense to sell it and get her something else that's more income producing for her. But she doesn't understand all of that. And she's very scared right now. And my husband just wants to leave everything as is, and she thinks that we're kind of stealing her money right now, which is not the case. We're just trying to back pay ourselves from all the expense we had to put into the rental property. So my question is, because the death is still so recent, do we just leave everything alone for right now? Or should we pursue selling it and buying something that would actually be income producing for her, for her to live off of?


And if so, at what time? Does that make sense to do that? Well, do you guys have the actual authority to sell the house on her behalf? We do. It's been changed over to our names. How old is she? She is 74. Okay. And how recent was the passing? She was in January two months ago. Is anything on fire right now? No. I, I I would wait. Okay. I would, I would wait six months to a year if nothing's on fire. Okay. Because you're right, every decision that you make relationally is gonna be seen through a pair of glasses that are just covered in hurt right now. Hurt and fear.


Okay. And it's gonna, I, and can hop tell me if I'm wrong, it's gonna be a a, a series of, think of it this way. She has leaned on a pillar for her entire married life and that pillar's gone. And the person, she may love him, trust him, think he's a good man, but she wiped your husband's booty. Right. That's in her mind. Yeah. And so there's gonna be a level of trust establishment made through a bunch of teeny tiny, consistent showing up over the next six months, over the next year. Very transparent, by the way, data is gonna help, but it's not gonna solve the fear problem right now. Right now it's just all, she lost a lung and a leg and a two, two chambers of her heart.


Right. And so she's gonna have to slowly realize that she can lean on him now. Okay. My, my question is, let's go back. You said you guys were trying to get back what you put into it. I'm, I'm paraphrasing what I heard. Explain what, what we're talking about. Did you guys personally put money into this to try to fix this property up your money? We had to, when we got it, it was about to be put on auction 'cause the taxes hadn't been paid on it Sure. In two years. And we didn't know that. No, I understand you had to Yeah, I'm not questioning that. I'm saying how much I wanted to know if it was your money. So you answered that. How much did you put into it? So we've put in about 3,400 for taxes.


We've put in another almost 3,400 for an insurance policy. We spent 800 on a home warranty. The HOA has been about four 50 a month. There was some extra HOA that we had to pay on that, that was unpaid. We've had to fix two broken windows, change out the washing machine and the HVAC unit needed some work as well, which amounted to about $1,500. So it's, So I got you guys approaching what, it's Adding up 10 or 15,000 bucks. I got, I got you at around 12 grand. Is that roughly, is that about right or Definitely been over, it's definitely been over 10,000. Yeah. Okay. So the other question then with John, well John asked is right, I think he's right. And I agree with your partner on that, that to wait to sell the house.


Do you, is that 15, let's just say it's 15. Let's say 12 to 15 is what you guys personally put in. Do you need that right away or are you guys okay not getting that right away? Well, we're okay. That's, but that was my question is like, my husband wants everything to be run by books. So like pull the money from the rental income, but then nothing's going to my mother-in-law and she doesn't understand all the expense associated with it. So that's where we're having a point of contention is like, how do we move forward with this on the money aspect of things. No, no, I get it. And that's why I'm bringing us to this point. And I think it comes back to John's advice. Would you also put that in the same bucket? 'cause right now she do, they do need to explain it to her. Absolutely. And you need to explain it to her as if she's a fourth grader. Exactly. So there's some responsibility on you all.


And by the way, this is not you, your husband. There's the relationship you wanna maintain. Okay. Sweet daughter-in-law relationship. So hubs has gotta step up, sit with mom and I'll defer to John on the appropriate timeline, but it needs to be explained to her as though she's a fourth grader and say, mom, this is all about you. We put our money into this so that you have this, we have two options going forward. It's not gonna generate enough income. And you've gotta explain it to her and show it to her at the appropriate time. That, That's right. Now that's, that's, I think that's okay too. But I didn't know what you were gonna say On that. Yeah, that's, that's math, right? Yeah. And I like as, as close to writing it down with a crayon as you can.


Yeah. And this is, this is funny. I was on the phone with a 50-year-old earlier today who's slow entering down, down, Slow down. It's getting really Old. This is getting personal here. I don't know where you're going with this, but here's, here's The, this 50 year old's heading into buy a house. It's not, it's not an age thing, but heading into buy a house. And I gave that exact wisdom. I said, listen, don't feel ashamed to ask the re the the mortgage company to explain this to you as though you're a high school student. That that's the exact language I used. And so, okay, a 74-year-old, he, he may have said for the last 30 years, I got it. I'm taking care of it. Sitting down and saying, okay mom, I need just show you this. There were two windows that had to be broke. I mean, it had to be fixed.


Here's the exact cost this house was about to be taken. Dad was sick and he didn't realize the taxes. We're not gonna ever pin him as though he's a bad guy. 'cause immediately then she's gotta defend him. We're not gonna get into that, Hey, we had to pay these back taxes. They were $3,500 and here's the receipt for it. And she might go, no, none of that's right mom. It's right. It's right. And if you think in that conversation she can get to, oh, well then we just need to pull this outta this rental income. Great. If you don't and you've got 15 grand, then it's not gonna burn a hole through your family. Pay the 15 grand and we'll figure this thing out in six months or a year when the smoke lifts on this deal.


Okay. Yeah. 'cause what you're building towards Mikayla, if I heard you correct, is that you and your husband believe this thing needs to be sold. Correct. It's the best move for her. That's what I heard We do. Yeah. We've had a lot of difficulties working with the HOA company and that's never gonna go away. Sure. So I think if we could get a different property that's gonna put No, No. Get that For her long term. Yeah, We get it. What we're saying is, what we're saying is, is explain the math now, don't talk about selling the house six months to a year, is what John is saying. But we're gonna build to that and we gotta build trust with her in explaining. And I would even show her receipts on the windows. Absolutely. Just walk her through, go, mom, we did this. We'll settle it later. We just want to grieve with you.


Yeah. I like that approach. But then when the time is right, you gotta cast vision the same way you did on this numbers thing. Thanks for the call. So sorry for your loss. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text Messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites. And it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find. That's Right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean, it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes out to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


All Right. Let's go to Travis, who's joining us in Washington DC Travis, How can we help today? Hey, how are you doing today? Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? I have a question. Education. Education and career call. Basically I was offered a job for about 150 k total comp, but I was also offered a full scholarship to a top 20, top 25 business school. So my question is, should I quit my job to go to business school? What would be the reason for going to business school? What's on the other side of that? So I want do a transition from account management to product product management. And all the roles that I've seen and all the roles that I'm looking for are requiring that that that MBA.


Okay. And you're currently in account management making 150, that I understand that correct. Total comp, yes. Say that again? Total comp is one 50. Oh, your total comp, what does that include? So one 14 is the base and then the, the remainder would be your comp paid out over RSU. Okay. All Right. So how are we paying for business school? Was a full scholarship. Full scholarship. Are you gonna be able to work and and maintain your current job while you're going to business school or is this an all in I'm I'm absolutely quitting and I, because I have to Oh yeah. Yeah. It's a full-time program. So I, I would have to quit.


How are You paying the bills? Well, fortunately I'm, it's been my wife, so she will continue working. So we, we've talked about how the finances will look. It'll be a lot less of course 'cause I wouldn't have the income. But the main trade off that we're considering is the, the salary after business school. Sure. Alright, let's talk about the current situation first. Do you guys have any debt? No. No. Consumer debt. And what's her income? You're gonna go from combined income of what to what? Combined two 10 annual to about 98. Okay. And you've crunched these numbers and you guys are not gonna be struggling just a little bit tighter.


True or false? It, we won't be struggling. We'll be tighter. We do have our, our, our fund already that we have secured and we also have some money that we have available in investments that we're willing to move around if necessary throughout the, throughout the semester. Okay. So a couple things here I'm hearing. We don't want you using the emergency fund just to pad the income. Emergency fund is for emergencies only. And then I get nervous when I hear you talking about moving around investments. What's, what does that mean? Well, we, we, we, we, so from what we did, we said we will be able to afford this, this change in, in income based on our expenses.


Well, Travis tra Travis, lemme re recontextualize this. When you call The Ramsey Show and say you're struggling, people when they call us, they, they don't know where, how they're gonna pay rent or they don't have food. Got you. So when you say you're struggling, does that mean you don't know how y'all gonna pay your light bill and you may have to sell some stock to pay your light bill? Or are you saying we're not gonna be able to go out to eat for two years while you knock out business school? Well, no, I didn't, I didn't say that I was struggling. That I, no, he said they won't struggle. He said it would be tight. Ah, okay. Tighter. They said he was gonna struggle too. No. Okay. Okay. No. All Right. If I heard you right, Travis, you didn't say you guys will be struggling to make it paycheck to paycheck, correct? Correct. I I don't, I don't foresee us been struggling based on what we've, we've calculated, but it will be tight.


Okay. Because we we're cutting out income by half. All Right. Well that's okay. I mean that, again, I calculated a move like this that doesn't scare me. I just don't want you touching retirement accounts. If these are, if these investments are non-retirement and it's supplemental, then that's the only scenario by which we would be okay with that. But really, we, we want you to, to cut, cut, cut and not be struggling. Where you go backwards financially. What, what do you think? What do you think? And, and not, let me, lemme take change the way I just asked that. Not what do you think and not, what do you hope when you have sat down with some people in your field or you've sat down with one of the executives at the company where you work. And it's, it's a rare thing 'cause because MBA programs, especially executive MBA programs, but two year laser-focused MBA programs are cash cows for universities.


Yeah. They used to be big time. And it's, it's, it's leveled off for you to get a full scholarship to a top 20 MBA program tells me you, you've got some kind of special in, you've got something going for you that is unique because that's just, they just don't hand those out out. I know some hot shot people making good money that went to MBA programs and they had to pay full freight. So something special has happened for you. So when you sit down and talk to somebody on the other end of this thing, what do you think you're gonna make? What is this gonna, what leverage is this gonna give you besides just a job? 'cause I promise you, in 10 years, I promise you in 10 years, the we are gonna be in a place culturally and e economically where the, you have to have crossed this particular, you have to have checked this box to come work for us.


Nobody's gonna care. But I do, I do know, and I trust you and I, I know this to be true. There are jobs that still have that we won't even interview you unless you've checked this box. So fair. Right. What are you gonna be making on the other end of this deal? You mean from a, just a, like a value add outside of salary or No, No. Just what, what whatcha are you gonna make? Salary. You Make 125 now. 150. Now what? When you walk across the stage with an MBA from a top 20 program Gotcha. And you circle back to do to be a project manager at some of these firms that you're working at now, are they gonna pay you 300? They gonna pay you four 50? Like what's, what's the, what's the ceiling for you then? That that wouldn't be out the gate? So what I, what I'm anticipating is when I first, like my first roll outta MBA program would be about the same salary I'm making now.


Okay. But what I'm, what I'm confident about is that my earning potential will be higher. Right now I don't have that MBA or that master's program. So the role in the mat is, I'm shorter at my max. Where does that confidence come from? The confidence for the, the, The long term that're your long-term potential is higher. 'cause I've talked to a lot of students on the front end of grad school, man, they're like, no, no, no. When I get out, I'm gonna make 140,000. And then I say, just go look at the market. And they're like, oh man, 75. So what makes you confident? Well, in the, in the, in the, the first year out, this anticipating just based off just the school stats and what I've, what I've seen, what I've researched from the entry, not the entry jobs, but the jobs that they have recruiting for, they're looking at around one 50 is the average.


So it could be less, it could be more when I first get out. So there's a chance that would, I have less of a salary when I first get outta business school. Okay. So I'm looking at that three to five years afterwards being able to earn the income potential to get a more senior role, which I'll be more qualified for. Okay. And also being able to transition industries a little bit. Sure. So, So how long is the program? Two years. Okay. Yeah. You know, look here, I challenge the process naturally when I hear someone say I have to have an MBA, but I think John addressed it correctly. There are, in fact, I, I believe you, that you've done research and that some of the jobs that you want to be able to get into are requiring or certainly recommending that.


So I'm not gonna dispute it, but I really, John just touched on something that I wanted to jump on. I'd like to see you get less, less information online and put in your head that this gonna pay off. And I want you talking to people that are where you want to be five years from now. I'd really prefer that. That's, I wrote an entire book on that, the proximity principle. And I, I think having lunch or coffee with some men or women that are where you want to be down the line and getting their opinion to me, far more important than what any business school puts on their website. Because Here's, here's what the, what the, that's a marketing tool that a school's gonna put on their website.


Yep. Here's a couple of things they can factor in. Not always, but sometimes, one, they may give you the average salary of those people who got jobs and they don't address the folks who didn't get jobs. The other thing they may do is say, here's the average salary. What that doesn't, what, what that doesn't paint is I could right now put on a piece of paper, the average graduates from my PhD program make X. But because I work not as a day-to-day therapist, but because I'm working where I work now, and I've got two bestselling books under my belt, I would drag that average way outta whack. And so it would say, man, the average graduate makes this much money.


Holy smokes, I need go do that. And that would not be representative of what most people make. That's number one. Here's number two. I heard a little inkling of this. If you're bored at your job or you're just done where you work before you take two years off. And by the way, I'm, I'm as pro higher ed as anybody in this building, right? I'm as pro go get a free MBA. If you can get that, that's a great credential. But if you're just bored at your job, you're done with it. If you're already pulling a hundred twenty five, a hundred fifty, I think you've got the skills to go be a project manager somewhere right now. And so it's worth at least having one or two conversations with real people out in the field, my brother. But yeah, all things considered, if y'all can float it for two years, go get that free credential from a top 20 school.


Yeah. This is the key. You guys gotta be all in on the sacrifice. And you said it was a sacrifice. Be all in on it. No Contract, no financial Restaurants. You can do this, any of stuff.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well. And listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost. But we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Listen. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever since it's online. You can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No waiting rooms, no long commutes, and no six month waiting lists. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Listen, your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/deone.


Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce that two of the goats of sticking to a budget have finally teamed up. That's right. RAMSEY and Aldi are partnering together because well, groceries cost a lot of money. And besides that, and most stores are designed to trap you in a maze, a sad, expensive maze. But Aldi is different. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that save you money and get you in and out so you can focus on what really matters from affordable, high quality must-haves to grass fed meat, organic produce. And yes, even name brands, Aldi has what you need at prices that won't steal your joy. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi. Find a store near you today at Aldi, us. That's a ldi us.


Well, Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Delony, my co-host today are gonna be heading out on the road, several cities. We got Louisville on April 21, Durham, April 23, Atlanta, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth, May 7th, Kansas City on May 9th. It's the money and relationships tour. Dave and John are gonna be out there taking your questions a little bit different format. John, give us a little bit of a preview of this event. The best way I would, I would suggest it, it's gonna be stuff people haven't heard before. Okay. Principles will be the same, but the the stories will be different. The interactions will be different. If you ever wonder, you know, what do these guys talk about when the microphones are off and what our fearless leader James edits out of the show. Ooh. That will be live good. It, it will, like I said, I've, I've said a few times with Dave. I don't usually get nervous on these big events, I just think they're fun. I'm, I'm kind of pucker up about this one. This one's gonna be fun and we're gonna throw it out to the audience. So we will have the big screens and these beautiful theaters across the country and we'll have a number of topics that the audience could vote on in real time and say, we wanna get your take on this. We wanna get your take on what's happening here. And in a very polished world where AI's just synthesizing everything and making everything clickbaity, this will be a way to interact with Dave with me in a way that most people don't ever get the opportunity to do that. So, and it will all be live. And I like having fun at Dave's expense sometimes on stage. Yeah. And so we're gonna have a blast. Boy, that might be interesting. Yes, he does. He likes control. He does. So he signs my paychecks. It's gonna be fun. You And you are out of control. So this is gonna be a great combination here. Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. By the way, no matter how many times the audience asks, please don't tell him what hair product I use. I'd like to keep that Secret. That's a, that's a secret. I appreciate that. George, on the other hand, has his, his hair product tattooed on his chest. So absolutely. I'll share that one. It's true. It's absolutely true. And Dave doesn't need hair products. George Is like my grandmother. You get his hair done once every three months, it just stays that way. That's Exactly right. He has that little, that little helmet that comes over. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And Dave, his hair product is largely an armor all product. And So We won't talk about that. Oh man. We'll have a blast. Hey, if you wanna get your ticket, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. If you're tuning in via YouTube or podcast, the link to get the tickets to the money and relationship tour with Dr. John and Dave are in the show notes. Which by the way, so many other great things are in the show notes. Everything we mentioned here on the show are in the show notes. James, our producer likes to call 'em a treasure trove. The show notes.


Alright, 8 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alexis is joining us now in Salt Lake City. Alexis, How can we help? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call. First of all, I'm in not a bit of a pickle, a big pickle. In 2022, I had to go on short, short, short-term disability for some kidney illnesses and so on. I was on that for three to six months and had to end up quitting. And in that timeframe my grandfather ended up getting a blood cancer. Oh no. So I ended up moving. I know. So I ended up moving from California to Utah to help take care of him.


He did, he did beat it. He's in remission. Awesome. So that's great. And yeah. And then he actually got colon cancer, but he's in remission from that now too. My goodness. But in, I know. And in that timeframe, my grandmother ended up getting sick and I had to become her full-time caretaker and she went to hospice. That unfortunately passed away. Oh my. So you have been through it, haven't you? So sorry if I break out a little bit. No, you're okay. You're okay. Listen, That's tough stuff. This is a lot all in a row. That's right. Can I ask you, can I ask you a question to kind of circle out a little bit? Yes, for sure. Who told you that you were the one person who had to take all of this on by yourself?


I, I didn't take it on all by myself. Okay. I had my pa their, my grandparents, basically my parents, my, my parents are not helpful. They have their own problems with drugs and alcohol. So that's not been a helpful situation. My aunt and uncle who I've lived with and have had a great relationship, has stepped in. And that's my uncle, that's his father who was my grandfather. So they've helped out financially and so on. But I was the main person who moved here and was with them 24 7 and things like that. So How have you eaten and paid your bills since then? Credit cards. Okay. How much have you racked up Then?


I've racked up about 42,000. So I 42,000 throughout? Yeah, $42,000. So, Okay. Do you have any other debt? I Was sure. No, it's just in credit cards. Okay. And And are you working right now? No, I'm not. What about your kidney disease? What, what's the status of your health and your ability to work? 'cause if I understood you correctly, you stopped working because of the kidney issues, correct? Yes. So I'm in the midst of getting diagnosed with lupus, so they're trying to figure out that. And I also have rheumatoid arthritis and there was a couple other autoimmune disease that I'm trying to figure out. Are You able to Work? I have not at this current time, no.


I'm in the midst of going to doctor's appointments myself. So we've already got 43,000 in debt. Doesn't sound like we have any kind of diagnosis or treatment plan in place right now. What do you anticipate the timeline being that you get some type of diagnosis plus treatment and, and any sense of when you might be able to go to work and how are you gonna stay alive financially? What do you know? So I'm hoping in the next six months I can get treatment for the diagnosis. I have been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis. I have tested positive for lupus, but it's a symptom based. Okay.


Disease. So they're trying to limit, you know, what is and what's not. Is there sense from your doctors as to when you would be able to work? Not, no, not really. The waiting time to get into specialists is pretty hard. I've been on waiting list to get into neurologists and different rheumatologists, different gps. So what's the plan? What's the plan as of right now to be able to fund your life? As of right now, what I'm looking at is trying different things. I'm trying to see if I can do some part-time marketing. I'm also looking to see if I can do some part-time dog watching or dog sitting just to bring in some type of money.


I'm hoping in the next six months I can get a diagnosis and get some semblance of my life back. Well the diagnosis is not gonna be a, it's not, it's gonna be a confirmation, but it won't be a magic wand. No, I know that. But I think part of, I think an answer would help. Absolutely. Like not knowing, not not being able to trust your own body is a terrifying proposition. No question. And so is it okay if Ken and I love you in a way that we tell you the truth that probably nobody has. Is that okay? Yes. Okay. When it was about caring for you, somewhere along the way you got the story that you're not worth caring about.


But when it came to caring for other people, you packed up and moved across the country and you made it happen. 'cause that's who you are. You're way, way stronger and way tougher than you, than your body allows you to believe you are and the stories you've been told by people all around you your whole life. And so here's me and Ken telling you, or I won't speak for you, Ken, here's me telling you I love you. The greatest gift you could give as a caretaker for somebody else is to make sure you're okay. And right now, your body is revolting for a number of different reasons. But I'm gonna suggest that one of the main reasons is it knows you're not safe because it doesn't have groceries, it doesn't have a roof, it doesn't have a friend that you can go laugh with or weep with.


And so this is gonna sound counterintuitive, but not kind of hoping. I would really love you to see for nobody else but just Alexis, you to find two part-time jobs that you can do, even if it's uncomfortable, even if it's a little bit painful and begin to show your body I can. And that goes counter to everything. And I don't wanna minimize your pain. I know you're in a ton of pain. And like you said, that not knowing, there's no name to this dragon that keeps burning down how you feel every day. Like, man, that is haunting. I get that. And it may be that when you get these diagnostics, you can go file for SSI and all go through that whole complex place.


But I don't see a path forward. But without, without, yeah. You gotta, you gotta make some money. I Agree with you John wholeheartedly. Alexis, real quick here, what we've gotta do is, is you've gotta come up with a baseline of what I need to make to be able to just survive, take care of myself. And then I know the 43,000 or 44 seems insurmountable. It's actually not, it's not. Don't file for bankruptcy. Yeah, please don't sign up with one of these dumb credit things. Just Get yourself above water by working the two jobs or whatever. I couldn't agree more with you John. And that means care about you as much as you care about, you've got what these other people in your life, you've Got what it takes, Alexis, but you gotta fight right now or this is gonna get way worse. So fight.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Alright folks, are you staying on track with the baby steps? If you'd like, you should take a quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan just for you. All you gotta do is head to the show notes, click on the link titled, Are you on Track with the Baby Steps? Complete the quiz. This is a great tool just to see where you stand, kind of, it shows you the mile markers if you will. And it's really encouraging, not discouraging, but it'll create a customized plan, as I said, to kind of give you that momentum that you need to make it through. Okay, so do check that out. Can I, can I, yes. You and I were talking off air if you were watching the news right now. Mm. And it feels like the world economy is melting down and people are playing roulette with your retirement funds.


And you're this and you're that. You literally, you can send a note to your congressman, you can call, you can write an email, but you, you can't participate in what's happening at that level. What you can do is look in the freaking mirror and say, as for me and my house, how are we doing? Right? And if you don't know where you and your house are, this little tool, staying on track with the baby steps and receiving a plan, that's a thing. You can channel all of this excess energy, anger, rage, celebration, whatever you are feeling right now, walking around your house, walking around the neighborhood. And this is the pot. Talking to the kettle here, man, walking around and just being exasperated literally helps.


Nobody, helps nothing. And it just assures you that you're gonna have a stroke or an aneurysm by clicking on something as simple as, All Right, as for me and my house, how's our money right now? What's the honest truth? Where are we? And channeling into things you can actually do something about, you can actually control. And getting off the, the, the social media track. This is actually a thing. A, a, a Xanax for a family. Ha. And you know what, it's not a Xanax, it's not a way to numb out. It is a, it's a recipe for what do you do next when it feels like everything's on fire around you. Right? Get on, go check this out. Go in the show notes, click on the link. Are you on track with the Baby Steps? And give yourself something to do with all of this excess ah, going on in our houses right now.


Well, speaking of what's going on right now, let's just go back to last week when we saw the volatility in the stock market or any time over the last few decades that you've listened or watched the show. We have a lot of new people, John, that are coming all the time. So for the newbies, had you talked to us or called us last week and said, what do I do with my 401k? I am watching it plummet because of the stock market. We would've said what John? Nothing. We Would've said, sit, you only get hurt if you try to get off the rollercoaster in the middle of the ride. Ride the roller coaster, enjoy it, you're gonna end up. And then we came back Monday and it went down even further and What we say, and then it came down Tuesday, it's all coming down, it's even Further. And then as I look at it, right this moment, as I look at his rugged, handsome face, it's up 2,400 points.


The biggest rally in five years. So we had the, the, what was it? The biggest? The biggest fall off one of the top five all time. And now here we go. So just the point here is trust us, we have a method door of madness and this is why you hold long term. Oh by the way, and if you don't agree with us, there's this guy named Warren Buffet. Yep. Who says the same thing. That's right. So point made here, don't ever let the headlines dictate your financial decisions, but, but I do wanna acknowledge, I'm feeling it, I'm feeling the chaos. And it was, it was our mutual friend, our, you know, a manager that we share out here, like who was like, man, I know a guy.


And he said, you should just control. You can control. And I looked at him, I was like, well play dude. Right? Yeah. He's just reading my own book back to me. That's right. Like, you're right. I can't even think about that. That's right. I can't make sure me and my family are on track and that's what I can control right now. Yep. So here we go. Here we go on the rollercoaster. Today it's up, we, you know, and tomorrow. Ah, yeah, who knows. Who knows. That's right. Alright, let's go to Daniel, who's waiting on us in New York. Daniel, How can we help? Hey, thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's going on? So I have a lot of different areas of debt and honestly, I'm a young, young guy. I am 23 years old, I'm graduating with a master's. I'm over a hundred thousand dollars in student debt.


I have a car that has $13,000 in debt and I have about $8,000 in credit card debt. And I'm just trying to figure out the fastest way to get outta debt. I'm on baby step two and I, I think I could pull it off in less than five years, but I just wanted to hear your advice. Yeah, Well first of all, glad that you acknowledge the baby steps and that you're on baby step two. And that's the answer to the question. The fastest way to get outta debt based on millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars by a lot of people using the RAMSEY plan. That's the best way to do it. So you're already in baby step two, what have you accomplished so far?


What have you paid off so far? Or are you just now beginning baby Step two with the first target being the $8,000, I'm gonna start making about 75,000 come May. That's pre-tax. So I figured that'd be like 60,000 after taxes and I have no rent and very minimal like cost of living. Okay. So my point is you have not, my question was have you started already or is this brand new? As soon as you start getting paid brand, brand new. Okay, so we're gonna start with the 8,000. That's the smallest debt that you have, correct? Yes. Okay. So your minimum payment on those credit cards, we're gonna, we're gonna go minimum payments on everything else, but we're gonna go above and beyond the minimum payment on the eight K.


So the car and the a hundred thousand student loan, were just minimum payments on those. Okay. But you're gonna put every extra nickel that you have towards the eight K. What do you anticipate the payoff of the 8,000? How long will it take you to pay off the credit cards A in two months? Two or three Months. That's huge. What's your combined payments on those credit cards? Minimum, Probably like $200. Okay, great. So we take this, so what you walk, you're walking through this debt snowball. So once you pay off the eight k, you're gonna take that $200 and you're adding that to everything extra that you've been pouring in. And so now we're going after the car. And so that's how you do it. Every extra cent you've got above and beyond that car payment plus the $200 that you've been making in minimum payments.


And you're gonna knock that car out and then that's the big boy is the only one left. And that's gonna take some time. Let me ask you a question about that. She could do it. That a hundred k is that, did you consolidate it all into one big lump or is that 10 different loans? One at $900 and one at $62,000. Right now they're five different loans. Ah, Okay. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna take all of those loans and we're gonna look at 'em individually. Yep. And whatever is the smallest, you're gonna pay that one off first. Would you recommend consolidating them? Please? God, don't do that. No, no, no. What are your amounts Right now? There's one that's like, there's two that are 20,001 that's 50,000 and another one that's 30,000.


And then there's a really small one. What's The really small one? It's probably like $2,000. Okay, so we're gonna reverse what I, we're gonna re, excuse Me. We're gonna put that one at the bottom. We're gonna amend what I said. The very first debt you're gonna pay off is the $2,000 small student loan. Okay? Then we move to the eight k and I guess I should ask the same question there. I'm glad you did that, John. Is the eight k the, the total of credit cards or is it just one credit card for 8,001 Credit card. Okay, great. So that's the, that's the line. $2,000 student loan, the 8,000 on the credit cards, then the 13 on the car, and then we've got 20, a 20, a 30, and a 50. Hey, how old are you Daniel?


23. 23. Whatcha are you gonna be doing? Making 75,000 Building skyscrapers? Building what? Skyscrapers. Oh geez. Oh, see, I misunderstood that question. I was like, he's not gonna be doing anything. Oh, no living. All Right, here's my challenge to you. Do you have kids? No. Are you married? No. Find two other jobs to do in addition to building skyscrapers And two or three other guys to live with to minimize any kinda living expenses. Okay? And if you're living at home, just sit down with your mom and dad and make a plan. I'm gonna get outta here at 25 and I'm gonna have knocked out X, Y, and Z of all this stuff. But two, sit down with a plan.


Otherwise, you're still gonna be treated like you're a middle schooler. Okay? But here's, here's the deal. You're, you're in your early twenties, you have no responsibilities. I don't want you to have a life. No comedy shows, no going out to eat, no coffee that you're buying, you're using, you're drinking that free SW on site. You are every nickel. And after two years, I don't want you just to have paid off this one loan in the 8,000 bucks. I want you to be through the car too. Just go berserker mode, dude. You've got nothing holding you back. Okay? And Mo and last thing, if you get online and you look at Instagram, they're gonna tell you to take the highest interest rate. That's a recipe for disaster.


You're gonna get $2,000 into this 50 grand and you're just gonna quit. Just follow the plan. Follow the plan, and work like you have never worked before. My man. You've got this Daniel, though, you started off the call, how do I do it? Well, you're already planning to do it. So now just walk those steps out. You'll get there faster than you possibly imagined because of one fabulous word. Momentum. Good hour. Dr. John Delony. I'm Ken Coleman. This is The Ramsey Show.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves, meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health trust, financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's RAMSEY trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you@healthtrustfinancial.com. That's health trust financial.com.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to talk about their money, their profession, and their relationships alongside Dr. John Lon. I'm Ken Coleman. We're so excited that you've joined us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll kick it off with Tim in Orlando. Tim, How can we help today? Good afternoon, thank you for taking my call. Sure. I just had a question. I wanted some help in determining how do you figure out if you're a candidate for long-term healthcare? Hmm. Let me flip that on you. What are you thinking when a return, when you're, when you're thinking about calling us on long-term healthcare, what are, what's your position?


What are you thinking? What are the circumstances? Well, my wife and I just retired this past June and we're not sure what point do you, are you comfortable with or would we be comfortable with being self sufficient as far as self-insuring? That's the answer. And then, oh, sorry, I didn't hear you. Yeah, That's it. That is the, that's the factor. So I was curious, I didn't know if you were gonna gimme some kind of health situation or some health history, but the bottom line is, is that if, if you can self-insure because of your investment portfolio, your retirement position, then you wouldn't need it. It would be a general answer. Okay.


All Right. So what's your situation? Explain it to us. Well, as far as health, we're both very health healthy. I am 60, my wife is 57, and we live a pretty active life. And as far as financing and stuff, we probably have about $1.7 million in stocks and bonds and stuff like that. Not including our house, which is probably valued at about $300,000. And you know, we probably have about $50,000 in cash just in the local bank. We are debt free. We don't own, you know, we don't owe anything on anything.


Yeah. John, I I, in that situation, I mean, I don't think you have a huge, I mean, your net worth is gonna continue to grow. You said you're 60. Yes. And you have how much in retirement accounts? About 1.7 million. Excuse me, I don't know what happened. I just all of a sudden like got choked. So, So the, the, the federal government, again, it's take that, that may just disqualify what I'm about to say, but their estimation is about three and a quarter that the average American needs about 325,000 bucks after retirement. Okay. And so, and, and I say not after retirement, but to, to handle a crisis, most people, about 80% of people won't live in a long-term care facility beyond five years and about 20% will.


Okay. And so I'll tell you, my dad was a policeman. My mom was a, was a teacher and then a professor. And they're not wealthy about 10 years ago. They're in their early, they're in their mid seventies now. About 10 years ago for Christmas, they bought the kids, they got long-term care insurance for themselves and that was one of the greatest gifts they've ever given us. But they didn't have $1.7 million sitting in a retirement account. And at the time they didn't have a paid for 300,000 house. Yeah. Okay. And so if, if push comes to shove, I love the idea that y'all are healthy. You, you go get checked up with doctors. I mean that all that presents that well for Ken and I, our whole life is, our whole job depends on everything was going just great and then the wheels fell off, right?


Yeah. And so I, I wanna always hold that, that y'all are doing everything right and life happens, it happens to all of us. And man, you guys are in a pretty good position. And assuming that we can get through the next few weeks, months, years, decades with, with the last 80 to a hundred years being similar to the next 10 to 20 years, you can expect ish that that 1.7 becomes 3.4. Yeah. By the time you're 67. Okay. And then that 3.4 becomes 6.8 by the time you're 75 ish, 74 ish. That I agree, Tim. Okay. I think you can self-insure, but, you know, run the numbers on it. Yeah. And it comes down to your tolerance For Risk.


Yeah. For risk. But based on the numbers you've given us and the amount of time you spend and all that, I, I think you guys would be fine. I don't think it's a must for you, but I also would say in your financial position you can afford it too. Right. And that, and that's like for me, the thing I might, I, I'm just trying to project myself. If I got $1.7 million in retirement accounts and a paid for house and I'm 60, I would probably let health insurance expire at 65 or 67, like whatever age you have that set to expire. But if you have an extra, I I, off the top of my head, I'm making up a number and you may roll your eyes, I don't know how much monthly long-term care insurance costs, whether it's $300 or $800, but if that's a, if that's a payment you can stomach for the next decade and it's just gonna let you have a little more peace in retirement.


Yep. Man, I'd throw that out the window. I you might spend that on fishing gear and coffee in retirement, right? That's right. Okay. Yeah. And, and as far as like our health insurance, I'm a retired teacher, so our health insurance, we pay about 300, $350 maybe a month. There you go. To cover my wife and I for the rest of our life. So. Amazing. That's phenomenal. Hey, hold on. Can we double click on that? Yeah. You're a teacher. What's your, what did your wife do? Yeah, She was in property management and so yeah, I taught elementary and she was in property management management. So What's the most you guys ever made? Combined income? Probably, probably around, oh, maybe about one 70.


Yeah. Very cool. Good for you. Congratulations guys. Yeah. What's your, Yeah, and I mean, we just got to the point where, you know, we doubled down on our house payment when we bought, when we bought our last house, we did a very short mortgage and, and we just doubled up on everything. That's Awesome, man. Congrats. So when you called us, it started this call, which way were you leaning? Were you gonna buy it or were you leaning against not getting it? Well, we weren't, weren't really sure. We had just started to check into it probably the last two weeks we've talked to like one of our financial advisors, she gave us some options to go. And I guess one of the questions that I wanted to ask you guys is some of the people that we had talked to had recommended to like a life insurance policy with the rider?


No. And then some of them were like strictly life insurance. And when we got thinking about it, some of the policies basically, like if you didn't use them for long-term healthcare, you had no money at end of the policy. You basically paid into it, but you have nothing, nothing coming back. Yeah. You're talking about whole life. You're talking about whole life. YYY. Yes. Yeah. We're very anti that. Yeah. Yeah. So run from that as, as fast as you can. Well, that's what I, Okay. And that's what I wanted to ask you because one of 'em, one of the policies, policies worked like you could either pay, you know, like a chunk, chunk of like $50,000 right? Up front or No, No, no, no. Don't, don't, don't that. Don't do that. Don't do that. No. You already know the answer to that.


You shot it in the foot as soon as you were telling us, you were like, All Right. Get nothing out of it at the end. Okay. Yeah, don't do that. So my last question from me is, is did you run some numbers on the cost? 'cause I think John brought it up and I think it's a fun exercise. What would it cost you to get the long-term healthcare emergency care service? I mean insurance. Excuse me. We have not run the numbers. I mean, we just, like I said, we just started to look into it and we've had a couple Ps people quote us different numbers. One of 'em, you know, was about five grand a year. And, and then again, one of them said, you know, you could pay a lump sum of 50 grand and never pay again in the rest of your life. But then they tried to tell us, advantage to that was, No, Tim, we keep going back.


Tim. Tim, stop talking about that. We already told you. This is, I'm talking about long, long-term care insurance. Look into it, see what the cost is. You and your wife sit down and talk about it. Like John said, lemme say this. This is not a retirement vehicle. Yeah, not at all. This is you hedging risk. You don't want a check back if you don't use this at the end. This is you putting this on the table, just in case this happens. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and go to RAMSEY, trusted page and you can talk to our friends at Xandr about long-term care insurance. And they're gonna tell you the truth. Yeah. And they're gonna be honest with you. It's who I trust, but my family, you can trust 'em too.


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs, distributed by four side funds services, LLC.


You Know what's crazy to me? Two things. One that we're already down to the wire on the tax deadline. And two, statistically speaking, most people haven't filed yet. And if that's you, I'm not trying to shame you or anything, anything, but just know that taxes don't have to be stressful. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate software that makes filing simple and easy and doesn't make your wallet cry. So don't be the person pulling your hair out because you're trying to file at 10 o'clock at night on April 15th. Get this party started and over with by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey, please, please, please take two seconds and hit the subscribe button. Hit that little heart button or the thumbs up. But whatever you gotta do to tell the algorithms that you're in on this show, it makes a huge difference. And if you're watching your friends and your family and your neighbors losing their mind over what to do economically, and you keep thinking, I've got a, I've got a plan, just simply going to leave a five star review, hitting the subscribe button, it kicks the show up in the algorithm for the technocratic overlords, and it tells the computers that more people want to consume the show and it puts out in front of more people. It's a way to help your community. It costs nothing to do this. So take a second, subscribe, leave reviews, share an episode with a buddy.


It makes such a difference for everybody. Thank you so much. Alright, Let's go to Rebecca in Chattanooga. Rebecca, How can we help today? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call today. So I am in baby steps seven, and thanks to your program, I'm a baby steps millionaire. Nice. And I'm about to thank you. What's Your net worth? And I'm about to per, well, depending on the market, about 2 million. Good For you. Depending on the market. Yeah. It was 1.1 yesterday, 2.1 today. I haven't Looked in about six weeks. Hang On. Well, let's back up Big time today. Continue that trend. It has a lot of ground to gain. That's Right.


My, my buddy who's my smart ster pro texted me and he said, Hey, just don't look and that's a good for me. No, I'm not looking. I'm, I've got eight to eight to 13 more years of work, so I'm Outstanding. Good For you. So the reason I'm calling today is that I'm about to purchase a new vehicle. Congrats. I am allowed to do as a Yes You Are. And, and I'm gonna write a check for it. And of course now they're offering me a prepaid service package and I know how we feel about extended warranty and I definitely would not get one of those. But then when they talked about this prepaid service package, I thought, Hmm, of course my antenna goes up and I immediately think, this is how they're gonna try to make their money off of me.


A hundred percent. But I just wanted to get your take on that. Your gut is right. Yeah. Pass. They're not your friend. A hard pass, I'd say, no thanks guys. I'm alright. And just talk to 'em about how much money you have in the bank and that you'll take care of your issues with the car when it arises. And here's what they'll say. That's Very much they will make you feel so dumb. Like you're the dumbest person who ever lived. You're a, you're a multimillionaire and they're gonna make you feel like you're dumber than a box of hair. And they're gonna tell you, but you gotta get the oil changed anyway, and you can just do it now and you can do it for $9. And you know, that's why I told her to Flex. Well, you know, with your last, with your last caller on the prepaid life insurance, I thought, hmm, that's probably a lot like a prepaid service plan. Listen, that's exactly right. Here's the deal. I have a, I love these kinds of things and I, I, I think you take a really strong stance.


'cause John's right, they're gonna try to talk you into it. But if you lead out with the flex, you know what? I've worked really hard to be a multimillionaire and I'm good. So I don't need the service plan. I just take care of things as they come because I've got cash. But I do appreciate that your leaders want you to give me this option, just call it all Out, Put it on the table. And, and that's my little pitch there is how I would do that. And by the way, that they immediately go, oh, Rebecca is not to be played, played with here. Here's the, here's the similar one. I bought a new car I think two years ago, and the person said, Hey, here's, he handed me a piece of paper and it said, Hey, here's the estimated repair costs over the next X number of years.


Do you wanna buy one of these prepaid warranties? And I, I looked up and I said, oh man, my bad, if you're already telling me that this card that you're selling me new is gonna be broken in two years, I'm gonna go ahead and walk. Right? And it was like, no, no, no, we're just, I was like, no, no, hold on. If you're telling me right now that the engine's gonna fail nice and that you think this is gonna ha like, I need to know that now. 'cause I thought, I've thought I'm buying a new car from a reputable place. And dude, it ended immediately well played, sir. Immediately it's Just over. I like that. Yeah, if you were, there you go, Rebecca, you got, you got some options there. But the answer is hard pass. And, And for everyone listening, here's the honest truth for Rebecca. She's got eight years left. She's a multi-millionaire. She clearly knows what she's doing. And if you, let's just be honest about the math.


If you every three months went to the local dealership and you prepaid, you gave 'em 2000 bucks and you got lifetime free oil changes and you're assuming, and they, they amenitize that out over eight years. Like if you come here, it's gonna pay for itself 10 times a, the, the chance that you still have that car in eight years, that somebody in your life hasn't had something that you gotta hop up and move that you like. There's so many factors over the next eight years that it's just not worth playing the gamble. Especially when you got 2 million bucks to say, man, I'll, I wanna get my oil changed where I want when I want and I'm gonna move on. Thank you. Love It. Let's go to Kristen, who is joining us in Phoenix. Kristen, How can we help? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call.


So my current situation is I recently turned 30, I lost my job four months ago, and right now I am living with friends on EBT and have state insurance focused and I'm also in $42,000 a day. And so I've been actively on the hunt for a job, but I just haven't had any luck. And so obviously it's just been like a really dark and heavy place to be sure. 'cause at 30 I literally lost everything and I have nothing going for me. Not true, not true, not true. I'll call that one out. The other ones are true, but I'll call that one out. Okay, thank you. Well, in the meantime, I've kind of revisited this dream that I've had on my heart for seven years, which is to start a nonprofit.


And so I was like, well, the market's so bad, let me just maybe go off to my dreams. And so as I've been looking for work, I've also been taking steps towards the nonprofit and I've just been getting green light after green light and after green light, which doesn't make sense because I always thought when I started this nonprofit, I would be stable and a hundred percent out of debt. Well, this is kind of where I'm at right now. My dilemma, which is why I'm calling you, is I have a chance to receive $5,000 from someone who believes in me. And I could take that $5,000 and it could cover my basic needs for about three months. And so do I use that $5,000 to go into creation mode and pursue this dream?


Or do I stay in like survival mode and wait until like I'm at debt and yeah. How much is Debt? How much is the debt? 42,000. Yeah, a couple things. I understand that you're down, we have limited time here, so I'm going to, I'm, I'm gonna do less emotional loving on you and I'm gonna do some financial loving on you if that's okay. So number one, I understand that you have not had the luck that you feel like you would've liked to have had getting a job, but you, there are plenty of jobs plural, that you can go get. And it starts today when you hang up, I don't care if you're walking dogs, you are delivering pizzas, you are stocking shelves at a big box store.


This is at this point right now, this is not about passion or dreams, the career or the passion, the dreams like that. This is fighting to survive. And I don't know how you've been surviving. And so today we start fighting. So it's two, three jobs and we start getting some momentum while we're looking for some stability and we keep working the fact, I'm gonna give you a copy of my book, the Proximity Principle, and I want you to read it. We'll give you whatever format you want, but you have gotta start making progress. So we work any job that we can take three jobs and we begin to work the debt snowball. We're also gonna get you, let's see, let's do Total Money makeover.


We'll give you that too as well. You need financial Peace, peace University, financial Peace University. We're gonna load you up. Yeah, Christian, just give her everything she needs. All Right. You need momentum here. Sweet. Now here's the deal. Okay? I would not take the $5,000 because that $5,000 you just say, hold that there's a, there's a day. There's a day in the future where I'm gonna be able to take this gift and put it towards the actual launch of the organization. This is not $5,000 to keep you afloat for three months. That is horrible. Yeah. Horrible idea. Okay. And that's the Christian, by the way, that John checked at the start of the phone call. I wanna give it to John really quick here to kind of give you kind of a pep talk. But right now, that's what you need to do.


Now John will tell you about what you need to feel. What you need to do is don't even think about this nonprofit right now. No, exactly. Listen, you've backed yourself into a corner. The way you phrased it is, do I just keep surviving or do I go follow my passion and dreams? Yeah, wrong question. That's a false dichotomy. Okay? We're not just gonna hunker down and look at the floor and walk around and we're not, and it's not that, or sunshine and rainbows. Nonprofits are really, really tough. Okay? Yeah. So here's what we're gonna do. Like what Ken said, we're gonna go get a bunch of tiny wins and we're gonna make $13 an hour, $11 an hour, and we're gonna keep showing up. And then four months later, you're gonna stand six inches taller. You've got this, Kristen, you got this.


And don't ever say again that you don't have anything to contribute. Not true.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster, like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth For the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Are you sick and tired of being sick and tired? You can take control of your money and your relationships and it starts with just one night. Join me and Dr. John Delony LIVE in a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. We're covering the real life stuff that matters so you can break the cycles that have left you stuck. It's coming up fast. So get your tickets for Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour today.


Let's go to Jack in Sacramento, California. Jack, How can we help you? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. I really appreciate it. So I was wondering if I should get a consolidation loan for My father. He's a, he has about 50,000 in debt. It's probably about 35,000 in credit cards. About 10,000 in a personal loan and probably probably 5,000 on a car. He, he's making the minimum payments on all of his stuff and he's just barely making it by. And Yeah, so Jack, number one, if your dad called us and asked us if he should do a consolidation loan, we would say no.


So we would definitely tell you not to get involved in any kind of consolidation loan or helping your own father out on his loans. This is a no no, no, no, no. With exclamation points. And I wanna say, man, you're a good son. What's, what's happened to bring you to this point? Well, I'm kind of almost worrying about myself because he's getting, he's getting older. He's about to turn 65 and I'm, I'm worried that when he gets to the point where he can't work anymore, he like, he's gonna just, you know, barely be able to cover his own payments and I'm gonna have to start paying for his where he lives and all that type of stuff.


I get that rie, that's a legitimate, that's real. That's a legitimate concern. A legitimate, you looking into the crystal ball if things are gonna continue as they have been in the past, right? The we that a trope that gets thrown around is the best Yeah. Predict prediction of future behavior is past behavior. Right? You see this thi this, this slow moving train coming right at you. Right? Yep. So let me ask you this, has your dad ever listened to you? Well, I mean, I'm a pretty new listener. No, no, no. Has your dad, has your dad ever listened to you? Yeah, I would say yeah. He, he thinks I, I think he definitely respects my opinion. Okay. So if you sat down and said that, I love you, here's what I see coming in your life.


You've gotta get a job or you gotta get a second job, like we've gotta make some changes here. What would he say to you? I mean, that would definitely be be tough, just, you know, him being an older, older guy, it is Definitely. But hey, if we're playing big boy money, if you're ready to put $50,000 down or you're ready to cosign on a loan with a guy that has a re like a history of not paying stuff back like then you're ready to do big boy stuff, what stops you from having that? What I would call a more honest 'cause here, here's what you know, and I know this, but you especially know this. You are gonna get this consolidation loan, you're gonna co-sign your life away to it and he's gonna continue. Nothing will have changed in his life.


Yeah. Except for how much he would have to, to pay. At least that's what I think. No, The amount of money he's gonna have to pay is still gonna be there. Well, yeah. So I, I have kind of talked to him about it, about all this, all this stuff and we've, we've talked with each other about how we could try and figure it out and you know, he knows he needs to make a life lifestyle change. He's definitely living above his means. Yeah. Let's pause there also, hold on, let's pause also. No, no, no, no, no. I'm jumping in here because you're still trying to talk us into this and that's not gonna happen. And I get what you're trying to do. I think John's right, you got a great heart, but you called and said, what should we do here? You just said Dad's living above his means.


So he's clearly spending more than he's bringing in. What income is he bringing in and in what form? How much? So he's a real estate agent. He probably makes about 40,000 a year. And he, he took his social security early, which ended up backfiring a little bit because then after he took that, he made too much income to where now they're basically taking those social security payments back. Right? They're not paying him. What's his total debt burden again? 50,000. Okay. So a real estate agent and he's been doing it long enough to know how to sell houses.


True or false? True. All Right. So dad needs urgency and I'll leave it to my colleague here as to what you can and can do when it comes to that. And I don't think it's much, but I do agree with John that you've gotta have an honest conversation with dad. But it, it's in the form of truth serum to say $50,000 in debt. Dad, in the grand scheme of things, it's not a lot for somebody who can sell some houses and knock that out pretty quick. But there's something going on with him for a lack of urgency. The fact that he's being irresponsible again, not your problems to fix, but I think this has gotta be a, a real honest but very respectful conversation.


And if he will listen to you, you can show him our plan and say, Hey, I've started listening to these RAMSEY folks and here's the debt snowball and I'll help you with the budget. I'll lean in every way I can pop, but you gotta make these changes or else I'm gonna get stuck with this and I don't wanna get stuck with this here. Here's what we're gonna give you, Jack. Yeah. I'm gonna hook you up with two, two different codes so that you can watch all nine of the the Financial Peace University lessons digitally. And you can send him one, he can watch it on his own. Okay, I'm gonna send you that. But here's something important that I want you to hear me say. What you are trying to do is respectable and loving.


You've got ulterior motives like we all do. You don't wanna get stuck with this down the road, right? But you also, you've been watching your dad hurt for a while. Fair? Fair. Okay. This will end with the destruction of your relationship with your father. Yep. And here's why. When you co-sign on a loan with your dad, it's the same thing I tell parents to not co-sign on student loans. If you can't afford it, you can't afford it. But what you end up doing is you put a transaction between two people that should be ride or die together. A father and a son. Yeah. And there's gonna come a moment when he doesn't come through in a certain month and he can't make that payment. And you're gonna get the bill and here's what's gonna happen.


You're gonna get enraged as you should and then you're gonna begin to resent him. And that's not his fault. You signed the loan. And so the greatest gift you can give him is a son who's always in his corner. And by putting a bank between the two of you, you're setting up your relationship for failure. So saying, dad, I love you. I just ran into these guys. This thing's amazing. 'cause here's what your dad needs to do. If he's only making 40 grand as a real estate agent, he's gotta go to Walmart and start throwing boxes. He has gotta go sit in a drive-through from 8:00 PM until 2:00 AM serving like coffee or takeout or whatever. He's gotta go make some more money. And by the way, he can do that doing quote unquote less sophisticated tasks, whatever crap that is.


He can go make more than 40,000 bucks. But he's just gotta get on the horn. Yeah. He does not have to sell a lot of houses To make 40 grand to Pay off this $50,000 in debt and the 40 grand. He's barely doing anything at all. So this is a Tough situation. He have to sell a car or two, he may have to sell a house and we've done into a condo. He's gotta make some grown up dad decisions. Yeah. But dude, I wanna honor your heart man. And I know you see this thing coming and you're already doing the math being like, dude, I'm gonna have to pay for this. But I get it. It's tough, tough, tough.


I wanna get to our RAMSEY show question of the day, which is brought to you by Why Refi? Why Refi offers a different approach to paying off your default to private student loans. They do it with a low fixed rate for less stress. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Madison in Kansas. Madison writes, I'm married, I love my husband, but we have made bad decisions over the last 20 years. We're looking at $125,000 in debt, not including our mortgage together. We earn 150 a year. He's not interested in looking at our financial situation, but at least he let me handle our finances. Oh my gosh. Yeah, yeah. I don't wanna talk about it, but I'll let you carry this anchor around all by yourself. Is it possible to become debt free without your spouse being on board? Like, here we go. I feel like a gazelle with an anchor. Well that's a clothed in a financial question, but John, I'll keep it with you. 'cause that is a marriage question. Tough one there Mathematically, theoretically, I guess.


Yeah, if he just quit spending money. So that's just me being honest. If he Assume, if he truly does let her do, if He stop spending one penny and you took full control theoretically, mathematically, yes, it'll burn your marriage to the ground. I think this is a situation, Madison, where you set your husband, y'all sit down for dinner, you sit down for breakfast somewhere, you sit down for lunch somewhere. Not when you're fighting about money, not when it's time to do a budget. And you say, I am scared to death and people gimme a hard time on, on air. I mean on, on the Internets about saying this line, I'm about to say, but I think it applies here, husband, I can't breathe. I don't feel safe in this house when it comes to our money. And I can't keep carrying all this by, by myself. Will you look at this with me?


And if you looked at you and says, Nope, don't care, then Madison, you got bigger issues in your, in your marriage because it's not about money, it's about your husband saying, I don't care how safe you feel or not, it's on you.


All Right, business owners last call, the presale for the brand new book, build A Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order. Now,


If you have a very simple tax situation, like you haven't had any major life changes or big investments, we want you to check out Ramsey Smart Tax. This is the tax software that Dave is in full approval of. It's what the RAMSEY team uses because we trust to help us get every penny we're owed. It's a hundred percent accurate tax software that saves you up to 80% compared to other popular softwares in the industry. It's powered by tax layer. I'm sure you've heard of Tax Layer, been in the tax industry for 50 years and we doctor it up the RAMSEY way to help you file. Right? So better get on it. Filing early means getting the best deals and getting tax stress off your shoulders. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Tax.


Terrence is up in Atlanta. Terrence, How can we help today? How you doing sir? Good. I have a $1,200 car note. Oh My good news. Yes. Where's my Tums at? Yeah, what is it? It's a, it's a G two Kia Stinger. A what A Did you say a Kia Stinger Stinger. A stinger, yeah. A G Kia. Yeah. The the twin turbo. The the the sports car Kia. Wow. I've not heard of this model. Terrance, How much did that set you back? And I, it was around like 60,000. Woo. But I had, I had pre I had another car to add on to it.


No, you didn't. Did you? Real negative equity into it? Yes, and I needed something reliable because I traveled back and forth to Tennessee to see my kids. Bro, you did not, you reliable Would've st st a 10,000 camera. You bought a stinger, dude. Yeah. Yes, yes. I bought a stinger. It was a bad decision. And We love you. We're just having fun with you. I know it was a bad decision by listening to the show. I knew it was a bad decision. So How can we help? You know, I First started listening to, well I have that and I also have $2,000 a month child support. I was trying to figure out how can I get rid of the stinger, Right? So so every the, the first of every month you open your eyes and you're already 3,200 down.


Yes, I make, I make $10,000 a month. Well, well $120,000 a year with without overtime. Is that the only debt you have? Is the car? Yes. I paid off, off, I started listening today RAMSEY a couple of years ago then last October I paid off all my credit card. Okay, So how much, let's walk through this. I have, Okay, go Ahead. I do have one credit card that I, that I would use only to go on the Sky Club and get a rental card. And that was another question that I had to ask y'all about that too. What do you do about when you need a rental card? Do I just use my debit card? Yeah, that's what John and I do. That's what I use Card. Now that's what John and I do is we use a debit card. You don't need the credit cards to cut the credit card up 'cause it's gonna remove the temptation.


But let's dive into this car real quick. Okay, let's, 'cause we've got negative equity. So what, what you owe a total of how much? I owe like 57,000 now. So 57,000. And what is the stinger worth if you sold it? Private seller today? Probably 30,000. 30,000. Oh boy, that's a bath. That hurts. That is a bath right there. Yeah, because I, the thing was, I didn't mind, I don't mind paying for it, but by the time I, you know, get around to paying bills and I see that $1,200 note, I'm like, woo, No, I get that. I need to get rid of this car. You know, listen, I have indigestion and it's not even my payment. I've got Hemorrhoids now. Oh, our bodies are falling apart on your behalf.


Terrance. Oh boy. I could explain the first one. I can't explain the second one. I Can't either. I don't know how that works. Just my inside's one, one out. Okay, so let's walk through this here, John. So see the 57 K also involves the negative equity, correct? I think I'm done with the negative equity part of it. All Right, So we owe 57. I Think I'm on the, yes. All Right, so I had the car for two years now. Alright, how, How, how much? So you, you make, you, you have $2,000 a month in child support. You bring home $10,000 after tax? No, that's before taxes. Alright, so what's your actual bring home? My Salary is pending. What's your bring home? I bring home like, like $6,200 after taxes and child support.


Oh, After. Okay. Child support 52 After child support, 5,200 after child support. Okay, good. Alright, so what I'm trying to get at is how much John I wanna get to quickly. How much could you, how much could you, if you just pay the bills, just your basic bills and your child support and this car payment, how much money left over do you have that we could put towards saving to get a, I'm thinking about a $10,000 car or something that's dependable. Maybe 7,500. If I find myself a higher mile Honda or Toyota, that'll get you back and and forth to Tennessee. How much money could you put away each month right now? So I could probably pull away probably $1,400 a month.


Okay. Because like after, because after each check I'm, I'm, I'm rolling around 1300 after everything. Okay. So I, what I'd like to see him do, John, is I'd like to see him save as much money. Let's get a five, six, $7,000 car and let's sell this stinger. And now we're, we're at least, you know, we're now working on 30,000, you know? Yes. 27,000 roughly is what we're working on. Or here's, here's the other side of that. If you take that $1,200 a month payment, you take that $1,300 extra and you go through your budget with a magnifying glass and you stop going out for a season and let's say you can scrounge up 3000 bucks that includes this $1,200, you can pay this thing off.


Okay. That's Doing That. I have completely became a cheap bowl. What? I became a cheap steak. Okay. So I chicken salad sandwiches, like I've really just tried to, I've really cut back just to see, to figure out was it me or was it just a lifestyle or anything? And everybody been looking at me crazy like, Hey, you want to go? I'm like, nope. Good, good, good, good. Can't Go nowhere when I got this to pay. You know. So a a thi A a principle that we live by here is things with wheels should not cost more than 50% of your income. Got it. And so you're right there on the bubble here. So if you wanted just to suck it up for 20 months and throw $3,000 a month at this, you could, or like Ken said, you're gonna throw, you're gonna suck it up for 10 months, throw $3,000 a month, get that 30 down to where it's just bottoming out and then you're gonna try to sell it on the market.


Yeah. That's another option. I I gave you what I would do. I like what John's saying too. Well I'm doing what Ken would do. I I would get rid of this thing outta my life. Yeah. I wanna get rid of it man, because before I got the finger, I was driving a 2012 Buick Lacrosse, which I didn't have no problem driving. Dude. That's, I was, dude, that's, that's that's a car dude. Ladies, man, listen Terrence, I I think very few guys could pull off a Buick lacrosse like you could. I just got a sense you got enough swag, Man. I love that car. Well Get you another one. I got Hit, I got hit in a high speed chase and they totaled it. Like I Love that car. Tell me that you weren't being chased. No, no, no. I was sitting in traffic and got hit by a police Officer. Oh man. What's a decent Buick?


Lacrosse gonna set you back? Probably now. Well I bought that one in 2018 for 10 grand when I went to looking after the wreck, they went up to like 16,000. Yeah, They're pretty, they're yeah. I, listen, I'm gonna challenge you to get a somewhere. Try 7,500. I I think you get something dependable. You know a car that a, a car maker that's very dependable, you know the ones that just, they're gonna run forever. I'd take my chances on that. I'd do less cash right now. 'cause you gotta get out of this deal. I mean, here's the words we use Terrence. This isn't an accusation. This is us having some fun, but you're gonna pay about $30,000 in stupid tax.


Okay. And if you, if you just know that every time you send that check, it's just, I'm paying stupid tax. Write it in the little thing on the bottom of the check. Stupid tax or when you're making online payment, just put stupid tax and by the time this 10 months is up and you've thrown $3,000 a month and you haven't been on a date, date, you haven't been to a restaurant, you haven't seen a concert, you're gonna be, you will never do this again. Never. I I'm one of the ones that learn real fast. Well, You were kind of with us last, last time and then you brought money again. Are we done? Done? I'm done. Good. That's amazing. I'm done because I got a, I got a daughter who's about to go to college, so I, I wanna put, I, I want to have the money.


I have the nest egg. I did the baby steps, so I cut the credit cards off. I Love it. Well this is super intense. Everything now intense. You gotta be super intense to do that. Three grand a month you can do it. You gotta overtime options is what you let that slip out. You let that slip out. So I'd be getting overtime, I'd be working weekends. And to John's point, if we can sock 3000 at a minimum away towards this, the 27, get yourself another Buick, my man. And people are gonna watch you work like crazy over the next 10 months to a year and they're gonna think you're gonna roll in there with a G three or a G wagon. Listen. And you're gonna roll in with a, with a Buick. Let him know I'm opting outta the game and I solve for peace.


Not for a cool shiny depreciating asset, But I mean he likes it. He likes that lacrosse. I think he can find himself a nice look Dude, guy who is in on a Buick lacrosse, that's marriage material right there. It's.