
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that you love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. The phone number here if you folks want to talk, is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Maria is in New York City. Hi Maria. How are you? Hi. I am so excited to be on with you both and Thank you so much for taking my call. And you two are my favorite combination, so Thank you. How are You guys? You say that to everybody. You say that to all the personalities.


Never. What's up today? Oh my goodness. So really excited to speak to you. I know I'm walking into the bear cage, very nervous, but My husband and I, We make a combined income of almost $300,000 and we're living paycheck to paycheck. We have two kids. We have been Ramsey ish for about two years, but life keeps getting in the way between funeral expenses for family. Our daughter has severe A DHD, and it just feels like we cannot get ahead, you know, long enough to be able just to, to follow the steps in the plans. And it's causing a lot of financial anxiety.


And I can go into background and anything that you need to help just me figure out how to move forward with, with the amount of money that we have and living paycheck to paycheck, it just, it's, it's foolish. Yeah, Well, It is distressing for you, I can tell. And so you live in an expensive city, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. And obviously you've got an expensive medical condition that you're dealing with. Yeah. And those two things go in the budget and they show up in the budget. Yeah. Some of the, some ways they show up in the budget, so. Right. Where do you think the problem is, if you were to write, if you, you know, I, I assume you've attempted some kind of written budget. Yes, I have EveryDollar premium version.


I have notes in front of me. So our budget, so here's what seems to be happening. I, we do have a budget. Could we be better at it? Absolutely. But what keeps happening is are these large purchase large bills, if you will. So about a year and a half ago, our, our mother passed And we covered the funeral expenses a couple Weeks ago. Why? Why? Why did they not have arrangements to cover her funeral expenses? Unfortunately, and this may be where my financial anxiety comes from. My parents raised a very large family on a single income from my father and did not have financial, you know, responsibility basically.


And, you know, just really, So there was absolutely no assets in the estate? Correct? Exactly. None whatsoever. What'd you spend on the funeral? About 13 grand. Okay. And so you said big things keep coming up. So the funeral was one. What's another example of something that's coming out of the blue? Yes. So my brother just passed away, sadly, a couple of weeks ago. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I know. It's, it's, I know it's been a rough two years, so that's another expense. But in between then, what has come up? I mean, you're paying for that funeral too, Correct? Yes. How are you, are you cash flowing it? What's that look like? So that was, you know, this is where my problem is because all I wanna do is cash flow it, and it feels that I'm not able to.


Your brother's different than your mother. Why is no one correct? There's no, is he single? He is single. And or was he, I mean, yeah, he was. Sorry. That's okay. He was single and y you know, really, right now, out of a few of us kids, it's, my sister and I are really the only ones that are the most financially stable. Okay. So how much did you pay for your brother's funeral? 8,000. And you, you did not pay cash, Correct? We put that on a credit card. Okay. And I Do. So, so that didn't, that didn't bust your budget. It broke your bubble, but not your budget. So why can't you live on 300?


KI, that's why I'm calling. No, I'm serious. When you write down your budget, what's the problem? Because you're looking at it in front of you on EveryDollar. Yeah. Right. And these, where's the freaking money going? These are two isolated incidents. Yeah. What's been happening over the years? What do you see? Where do you see the problem? When You look at month to month, you got 25,000 bucks minus taxes coming in. Yeah. And so you got, you know, you're dealing with 20 grand or so to, to live on, Our take home is 13,600 a month. There's something wrong with that. That Doesn't deal right. Is that minus investing, That's half of what it ought to be. So I bring home 8,000. My husband bring home, brings home 56. He pays for insurance out of his check.


And we both do contribute to retirement. Right. Oh, okay. That's the problem. Yeah. 15% you Have no money, you don't put money in retirement, you stop. Yeah. Stop and get it. Budget. And, and what else have you got? Have you got big tax refunds coming? No, we owe every year. Okay. The last couple years. So now we've, we've asked our employer, Hey, how much is your rent or your house payment? Our mortgage is 2,700. Okay. That's not outta line. Okay. Yeah. And how much are your car debts? We paid off my husband's car and mine, I have 8,000 that we're looking to pay off. Okay. As well. What, what other debts do you have? We have two credit card.


Our total debt, including this funeral now is 17,800. You don't have much debt, so that's not where it's going. It's not your house payment. That's not where it's going. Do you kids in daycare, lots of kids? Well, we have two children. And that's what I was gonna get to. It's like, how do we ha so our daughter's ballet, it's, it's ridiculous. I'm afraid of what your response is gonna be. It's $10,000 a year. Our son, That's not the problem. That's not the problem either. I'm trying to figure out what's, yeah, That's 800 bucks a month. Yeah. What's eating up? $20,000 a month. And I haven't seen it. 'cause you have 8,000 on the car, these credit cards. What? I mean, what's the payment on the credit cards? What do you pay every month? Nothing. So here what we end up, no. What we end, what we seem to be in cycle of is banking money and then paying off the debt.


Right. Trying to do the snowball. And Then Yeah, you're, you're you, because you're trying to make up your own freaking plan. So the lemme ask you, what do you do for a living? What's your husband do for a living? He is a teacher and I'm a school psychologist that moved into administration. So I'm a principal. Okay. Okay. All Right. It, both of you are in administrative type roles. Okay. And so if I hired you and said, balance this pe these people's budget that make 300 k, you could do it. It's not an intellectual circus. It's not that hard. Right? So you could do it, but there's something, you aren't working together.


You're not willing to say no to eating out. You're not willing to stop your retirement savings. You're not willing to get, you know, to sit down and let's get this, this thing has to balance. You're not in congress. I know. I Know. And you guys have to look at this with a more serious eye. It sounds like you're just, it sounds like you keep circling around the airport and have refused to land. Yeah. Because if you're really, if she's really saying that the only debt they have is 17,000 in credit cards and 8,000 in cars, that money's something is, she's not telling us they're Spending money on $10,000 here on, on ballet. And then, you know. Yeah. And the A DHD was probably 10 or 15 grand on something they did overdid. And so you overdo everything and, and you're living drama to drama, crisis to crisis.


And you're letting that stuff dictate your life rather than you dictating to that stuff. And so, let's pretend you didn't have any money and your brother died. Well, who's gonna pay for the funeral? I guess it wouldn't be you. So we have to start thinking about these things and or, you know, we're gonna do the $1,200 cremation. You know, I, this is what happens if you die and, and there's no one to take care of you. The state will cremate you. That's what happens. Okay. And so I'm not suggesting being that cold, but you guys gotta start looking at some of these things and quit calling them. All these crises are taking precedent, and you've gotta take precedent over the crisises because the budget becomes king and the two of you have to be working on it together.


I don't think he's real involved here.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, my friends, listen, I know it feels like the world is falling apart, and I know that we're all under huge pressure to perform and to look like we're keeping it all together at the same time. Here's the statistic that blew my mind. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people for asking for help. Here's the truth, real bravery, real strength comes when you open up about what you're carrying, how you're hurting, and learning something you can do about it, so that you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else in your life. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone. Anyone a friend, a loved one, or Yes, a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time easily and for no extra cost. Talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/de


Amanda's in Greenville, South Carolina. Hey, Amanda. What's up? Hey, Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? Thank you so much. Well, I have a question about some family finances. My husband and I started Financial Peace University about a month ago, and in doing so, I, we kind of uncovered, well, I uncovered some things about some family traditions with money that his family has that is making me a little bit uncomfortable. Like yesterday morning he got a text from his mom saying, Hey, you owe us a hundred dollars. And that happens quite frequently throughout the year. Probably maybe five or six times a year.


For, For what? I'm trying to Figure out for what? So there's a lake, a family lake house, and like taxes on the lake house. I think the most recent one was for the tailgate parking spot. Sometimes it's for, if we've spent the weekend with them, it's for food from the weekend, which we don't mind paying for those things, but it's an after the fact type of thing. Is he on the, is he one of the owners of the lake house? No, he is not. And the tailgate spot, that sounds like a football thing. Correct. So somebody, somebody purchased the spot and if you use it, you have to pay back that person. Is that what It is?


Well, we have a different spot. We buy our own spot for the year. Why would you pay for theirs? Well, that's my question. Okay. And why is it, you're just now discovering this. How long have you been married? We celebrated our third anniversary on Tuesday. Okay. So how much does this amount to, is this like a hundred bucks a month? Has this happened like twice in the year? What does it amount to? So for the tailgate spot it's a hundred dollars and that would be for the year. But it just always, it's never like, it's never something I expect and it's always been something that he paid until we combined our finances a month ago. Ah, it was something that he just paid for out of his money. And Thank you to John Delony building a non-anxious life because it really helped us to get on the same page with this Stuff.


Yeah, that's good. Okay. So when you say to your husband, this makes me uncomfortable, what does he say? So he actually had a conversation with his mom last night saying, you know, no more of this retroactive stuff of you guys spending money and then us paying you back. You know, you need to have a conversation with us upfront. And her response was, are you sure you wanna do this budget thing? Okay. The, that was not the, that was not the statement. The statement was not about our budget. The statement was, you have to tell us in advance or we're not going to pay you. Right. That's it. Right. She doesn't get a vote on your budget or your marriage or anything that happens inside your house. She's the mother-in-law. Okay. By definition, that means she does not get a vote.


If anybody doesn't get a vote. Okay. It's her. Yeah. How does he, even Of all the people on the planet, she's the one that has the least chance of getting a vote. Well, right, I'm serious. I mean, the worst position you can possibly be in is to be the mother-in-law for the son. It is the weakest position on the planet and the most power hungry. Okay. And I, I do realize it's a difference in culture from my family. I was raised by a CPA, But that's, that's not the point. The point is your husband, your husband said to someone outside your home, we will not accept surprise billings anymore. Hmm. Okay. And that's the end of the story, period.


Okay. And by the way, you, you did do this right? He talked to her, you don't need to be brought up in this 'cause you'll become the evils, the evil girl that took her baby boy away. Well, I learned that from listening to your show for about two weeks now, so, okay. All Right. Thank you. So that was very good. Good. I'm glad you got, you caught onto that. You're doing it right. Yeah. And here, and here's the thing. It, it's okay. I mean, you guys can be gentle about this. You don't need to be harsh about it. Right. 'cause it's not a lot of money. It's just an emotional boundary violation. Right. And it's just, it's just, you know, mom, we don't wanna be in a parking spot for tailgating. We have our own, she got, you know, it's the deal. And if we're gonna do something in the Ramsey family, we got a lake house.


I'm going down there this weekend. Same thing if we're gonna do something and Sharon, my wife, gets tired of doing all the cooking, right? So she emails the girls, including the daughter-in-law and the two daughters and says, whoever's gonna be here, y'all need to talk about what you're gonna cook. 'cause I'll help you, but I'm not gonna do it all. And you guys got, we're gonna figure this out a little bit. And so you're all like grown women and stuff. And so this is, and the girls go, okay, yeah, we'll chip in. And they don't mind doing that. And we talk about it upfront and, but we don't send 'em a bill two weeks later for catering. Right, Right, right. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. What do you think about the taxes on the lake house? I mean, we do, That's what I wanted to know about that.


Why Would you be obligated to pay taxes on someone else's lake house? Well, that was my question because it's not, my husband's name is not on the house. That's why I asked. That was kind of my question. Yeah. You can pay the taxes on my, my lake house if you want, since you're paying for other people's lake houses. I mean, why not? Right? That's about as dumb. I agree. When You asked your Sure, when you asked your husband, what did he say? What was the reason? What did he say? Did he make a promise that he would do that? I don't think so. I think it was just an implication when they built a house, you know, he was in college and I think that's just kind of how it's ended up. When you're in college and your parents built a lake house, they don't call up and go, you gotta pay taxes.


You're in college. Yeah. These people are weird. Okay. And not the good kind of weird, I know that's not, it's not a good Ramsey weird thing. So I mean, yeah, no, we did not, we don't pay taxes on somebody else's lake house and don't, I don't know how this tradition started, but it's a weird tradition and it really needs to stop. Agreed. Yeah. That's not a tradition. Okay. No. It's a tradition for these people, I guess. And so, right. They, they have some weird things they do and you know, we've just gotta, but you can be gentle about it. Okay. Okay. You know, I'm being, I'm being a little bit bombastic because it's a little bit absurd and I want you to hear, it's absurd, but you, you guys can be gentle about moving away from mom and dad. Look, we're working hard on this stuff. We're trying to get ourselves out of debt and it's your lakehouse and I'm not, I'm no longer comfortable paying the taxes on your lakehouse.


Okay. And, and, you know, I want, I'm wanna let you know that way in advance. So this fall when the taxes come due, you're not caught off guard. You know? Is it part of you being able to go and, and hang out there several times a year? Is that what It is? Is it just The No. Well it shouldn't be. Well, I, I didn't think so until I found out that that was the expectation. Okay. So that's the expectation didn't come and use the lakehouse Didn't sold about a month ago. You Get to use the Lakehouse twice a year and, and return, you pay how much, how much are the taxes? I think My husband, it's, when I looked it up on the county records, it said something like 4,000 for the year. And I think he paid like three or 400 last year.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. I do. These people, they're not able to afford the lake house. Is that the problem? Well that's, that's, that's my, I told My husband, I was like, you know, we, if if it's a lifestyle that they can't afford, then they shouldn't be doing it. Yeah. Yeah. But it, and I try not to be critical, but when you dip your hands into our finances, then well, How often do you, you Go to the lake house right. To be Critical. Just you guys maybe five weekends a year. Yeah. If, if, if, you know, if the deal is you don't get to Go to the lake house 'cause you're unwilling to pay $300 a year rent To use the family in air quotes, lakehouse, then that's a decision you all can make.


But basically you're, you're being asked to pay some of the expenses because you're using it as a rental. Right. And if you don't want to use it, then that's their, their decision might be that they don't want someone who's not willing to pay to come. Okay. And that would be okay. Okay. If, if that's how they want to do it. They're running an Airbnb for the family, I guess. I don't know, but a cheap one. But it's still there. But I, again, I've got a lake house and I pay the taxes. Nobody else pays the taxes. Yeah. Regardless of who visits. Okay. Okay. John Delony was down there one time and I didn't ask him for any rent. You know, so. Right. You know, I mean, it's just, that's just, you have guests at your lake house and if you do a deal upfront and the family is a family partnership and They understand it Yeah.


To buy something. But you don't do that with a college student. No. It doesn't sound like that. It sounds like they said, if you're gonna use our house, These, you're gonna gimme some money. These people inter declined and, and they don't have good, clear boundaries. And so it's time to untangle some of this. But now you need to be, you need to be fair that if they, they may not, if you're not willing to chip in on the expenses, they may not want you to use it. Five weekends is a lot to give up for $300. I might And that's, that's a fair Yeah. Expectation on their part. They may say, look, only those that chip in can use it. Yeah. Because then that, that's, that's them saying, Hey, while you're there, you're paying basically the utilities while you're there. I don't think I could go there, but I mean, I do tell, you know, like whoever's down there next weekend when I'm not fill the dead gun boat up a gas when you leave.


Hello? Yeah. You know, I do tell 'em to do stuff like that. Yeah. But my kid, my kids, I mean, yeah. My grown kids. What? That's such an oxymoron. Adult Children. The adult Ramseys. Yes. The gen two, gen two can fill up the boat with gas. You should, you should leave the place better than you left it. But by the way, I don't also say you can't come back if you don't do that. That's true either. So that's true. You know, you know, storming And we forgot to do it, whatever and whatever. Wow. Some people's children, this is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely Devastating It is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering where your money's going. First step is a plan. It's called a budget. And our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month. Did I mention they're free? You learn step by step, how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. And you get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a sign up for free. Did I mention it's free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Jessica in San Antonio. Hi Jessica. How are you? I'm doing well, Thank you. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Well, I am currently, I'm a single mom and I have been trying to tackle my debt for the last couple years and this summer I had thought, hey, I am gonna try to really do it aggressively, get a second part-time job while the kids are outta school and work on that. Right before summer happened, or summer came, child support stopped coming in. Oh. So my second job pretty much brings in the same amount as child support. So I'm kind of right back where I was before summer.


What, what Are you doing to get him activated again? At the moment there's really nothing I can do because it just happens. So it's like a wait and see if months go on that he doesn't pay, then I can start. I mean, it's like an on again off again thing with him. So not the first time I've been here. How Much is the child support? It's about $900 a month. How many Kids you got kid? I have two. What age? 13 and 11. Okay. How long have you been a single mom?


Probably going on 10 years now. Wow. You've been fighting this a long time. Yeah. So How, how, what do you make? I make about 54,000 a year. Okay, good. Good. Are you plugged into a good church? I am. Good. Yeah. Good. Okay. And who's taking care? Who's watching the kids while you're working so much? They sometimes will stay home if it's a short shift or they'll be with friends or my sister. Ah, Good. That's good that you have, that Helped. Kind of depends on who's available. All Right. And what do you do for a living? I am an office manager for a physical therapy clinic.


Okay, Good for you. Well done. Alright, and so your, your core question is what again? How to avoid burnout while trying to do all this? Yeah, Well here's the thing. You've made it 10 years of with avoiding burnout and it's really an incredible thing that you've done. 'cause that's been a tough slog. The math that you're giving me is no easy walk. Okay. So you truly are a warrior princess. I mean, you've been doing it and the burnout comes when you don't think there's any light ever at the end of the tunnel.


It doesn't come from it being hard. You can do hard. We know that by just hearing your story, but the hard, the hard becomes burnout when you don't think it's ever gonna stop. Well, we know It is gonna stop 'cause you got a 13-year-old five years from now, that one's done. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I mean, we know that's gonna stop. And they, the other one's 11, so, you know, seven years from now. So we know, you know, that, that there is an end to this in, in terms of the weight of raising children by yourself financially. And so, and, and so what I would do is two things, and j you jump in here, but one is I'm always looking at both sides of the equation.


The income side and the outgo side. You have a good income, but it's not great. So I want to start thinking about over the next three to 10 years or five years or whatever It is, what I'm gonna be doing that makes me a hundred KI don't want a 38 year career as the office manager making 50 K. Right. I don't mind, I don't mind. It's a good job. It's stable and you're probably a great team member, but I wanna know, okay, what is it I'm gonna do to own one of these? Or what is it I, what is it? I want to be in the next phase and I'm gonna start studying and taking the classes, get the certifications to do that thing and have a long plan.


And that helps with burnout because you, you can see out there into the future that there's something to do. And in the short term Yeah. Do what you're doing. And that is add income by, you know, by, by a great side hustle. And the side hustle has one definition. Which one makes the most money if it's moral and legal. Yeah, Because I, there's no the, the side hustle's not for purpose of your career. It's how can I make the most possible money in an hour that's moral and legal. Yeah. And so, and and then that helps. And then lastly, I would just say the secret to happiness is low expectations on child support.


Yeah. Because this guy's, this guy's not a good dad. He's not a good provider. He never has been. It's been a pattern to expect this money to come every month is, is not reality point. Setting yourself up to point. And so it does come, I'm gonna go, wow, that's awesome. I'm gonna act surprised every time it comes. You there? Yeah. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah, I think I, I think that Dave is right. I think when you're in survival mode, you don't feel like you have the luxury to really think career wise, what is it that I would really love to do? What would it, what would it look like? You know? Yeah. There's really no time for that, just when you're struggling in life and financially.


But if you can carve out that time and do that, because we say all the time, you know, there's two components to this puzzle. And one is, you know, to cut your expenses massively, which you've done that, that's been your whole life for 10 years. And then the other piece of that is you do have to get your income up. And not just side hustling, but yeah. Really looking at that core income. Have you got, and that is a journey over time. Have You got debt you need to clear? Yes. Yes I do. What is it Right now? It is with my car. I'm right around 20,000. Yeah, that's a lot. Yeah. That's an expensive car for your situation.


Yeah. You may wanna look at moving down to a 10,000 car. And Currently I owe Oh, go Ahead. Ahead. Currently you owe what? I owe 9,000 on my car. Oh, I thought you said you owed 20,000. Oh, no, no, no. Total including my car. Oh, okay. That's good. Okay. The car's a keeper then. That's okay. And what's the other 11,000? That would be credit card debt. Yeah. That's, that's caught your slack when you had a, when you were surprised that the child support didn't come. Yeah. Yeah. So we're not gonna be surprised anymore. Well, and I didn't always have this job. Yeah, that's true. I mean, you've been, you've been pushing through.


Yeah, I, I know who you are. Yeah. I've worked with you for years and I I think you're very impressive. I think you're a lot more impressive than you feel. Thank you. I'm proud of you. I mean, you're two kids in San Antonio, Texas by yourself with not much help from go and not regular help anyway. Right. And he's still playing games a decade later with his own children, which makes him a shameful individual. Right. And so, you know, and in spite of all of that, you've continued to get better, get better jobs, move along.


And this job's an upgrade from the last one isn't, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. So we're gonna keep doing that. We're gonna keep doing that. And that's, and you're gonna get there and when you get there, you're gonna be so strong that nothing will knock you down. 'cause you're building strength at every step of this journey. That's what I meant. I I wasn't joking around when I said, you're a warrior princess, you're in a position. You know, I, Jessica I remember many years ago we had financial peace university we used to do, the way we would do It is after I would teach live in those days, we would have a, a small group discussion and we'd get in a circle and I remember a single mom in there, young, younger than you actually, who was cutting hair.


And she said, you know, I don't, I don't think I can make it. I'm burning out, I'm not making enough cutting hair. And I'm sitting there trying to figure out what to tell her. And a lady across the circle says, you're gonna be okay. She says, what do you mean? She goes, I was you 20 years ago. I used to cut hair, now I own the shop now I got a half million dollars in the bank Yeah. And the mutual funds. And I'm here to just figure out how to become a millionaire and you're gonna be okay, hun. And she walked her right through it. And I was like, dad, come. There's your, there's your future sitting across the room from you. Yeah. Yeah. You just need to see that it's Possible. Exactly.


You guys, one of the best gifts that you can leave your family after you're gone isn't stuff it's peace. When something happens, your loved ones don't wanna be digging through drawers or guessing passwords to access your important information. That is why I love Nokbox. That's n Okay. As in next of Kin Box Nokbox is a super practical physical system that helps you organize all your important documents like accounts, passwords, assets, medical records, even your will in one safe place. And your Nokbox is divided into user-friendly categories to help you get organized. So you can give your family clarity, not clutter when they need it most. Go to Nokbox dot com slash Ramsey and check it out.


Sarah is in Seattle. Hi Sarah, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Mr. Ramsey. Thank you so much for having me. Sure. How can I help? Okay, so I just started following you and, but it was too late. I already made a huge mistake last year, uhoh by buying a second home. And if you don't mind, I can just give you a rundown of like my, my financial situation. Well, what, what's your question, hun? Oh, okay. So I, I, I had a condo in Seattle that I live in, paid $2,300 a month for mortgage plus HOA. And then last year I speak that 'cause my, my, I'm from Florida initially or originally, and my parents are older and I, I have a plan of moving back to Florida.


And so I got, I freaked out because of the housing situation kept going up and I felt like I, if I waited I would get price out of market. So I went ahead and, and bought a second home in Flo, Florida at the, at the top of my budget. Oh gosh. And the mortgage for that. Yeah, the mortgage for that is $4,000 a month. Well Sell It. And I, well it's now I'm in negative equity. I, I make, I, my take home pay is 8,600 a month. Yeah. But I mean, why can't you sell it? Well, because now the price has gone down and I already spent $50,000 in the past year 'cause I couldn't rent it for whatever reason. Who said the price went down?


Yeah. So now it's like, maybe Now who said that? Because the prices in Florida have not gone down. What are you talking about? No, Wait. It is, according to Zillow and I talked to a real estate, Zillow is not a reliable source on anything. Okay. Okay. When did you buy it? How long has it been since you bought it? I bought it May the first 2024. I closed on it then I tried to put it on the market to rent it, but it's been empty for 13 months. I just finally got a renter last two weeks on June 1st, but the still negative. So $4,000 mortgage a month and they pay 2,700. I Once, do you have any money?


I have $50,000 in savings and then sum in 401k. Okay. Go to Ramsey Solutions I com and click on real estate. ELP. Look for a Ramsey trusted real estate agent. Have them come out and look at it, get it on the market and get it sold. If you have to write a $10,000 check to write a 10 to get rid of your mistake, do it. You have a problem here that is not going to get better. Okay. Even, even now that I finally, after 13 months, I was able to rent it and I, I mean, I'm still in the hole, but better than I guess I thought this was a ticking time bomb. It's gonna blow up on you.


Okay? So You cannot afford this house. You cannot afford for it to be empty. You cannot afford for the heating and air to go out. You cannot afford for the roof to leak. You cannot afford to evict the tenant when they don't pay. This thing's going to choke you out, girl. Hmm. It's just a matter of when The having a renter doesn't solve the problem. Because at any point that could leave and then you'd be right back to where you are right here today. Do you see what I I, I totally, I understand, but that's the only thing. My, my, my fear is that I understand I made a huge mistake, but because, okay, so I spent 23,000 in closing costs, now I have to spend, spend another debt. Don't Care what you spent. Oh, That's Stupid tax.


I don't care what you spent, you lost that money because you did something stupid. Okay? This thing's gonna, you're gonna lose more money if you stay in it. So you think even if I'm a hundred thousand under, You're not a hundred thousand under. Okay. Even though I've been spending 4,000 a month for the past year, right? No, no, No, no, no, no. I'm talking about what you can sell it for versus what you owe on it. What do you owe on it? 428,000. Good God. And what do you think you can sell it for? If I'm, if I'm lucky? I think five, maybe five 30. Okay. Sell it. Yeah. You put money in your pocket.


I think you have to just realize, Sarah, that this is a mistake and mistakes cost you. And in this case, there may not be a way to get back the money that's lost. You're doing well. If you can break even, you're doing well. If you can Sell, get a little bit of money trying, trying to stop the bleeding. Not reverse the fact that we had a car wreck. We're just trying to stop the bleeding because you're gonna bleed out. This is not a good, this is not a good thing. Now I've done a lot of stupid stuff in my life, hun. And when I do something stupid and it costs me money, I write on the check in the four column as I write the check for my stupidity. I write four stupid tax. Dave did something stupid and he has to pay a tax called stupid tax.


You're gonna pay some stupid tax here. You're gonna get some of your money back, but you're not gonna get all your money back and you're gonna get out of this trap you have set for yourself. Nothing in the decision making process that you used was wise. You panicked over a real estate market. You ran to the other end of the United States and bought a rental property and then you're shocked that it vacant. Yeah. And you overpaid for it. Probably. So now, hun, you do what you wanna do, but you called us and we're telling you very clearly what to do. If you don't go do it, it's gonna be your next as bad decision. So you just decide what you're gonna do. It's up to you. I've done plenty of stupid stuff and I can recognize stupid a mile away. And this was a dumb decision.


Okay, you're not dumb, but this decision was desperate, unwise. And you got yourself into a bear trap kiddo. And you best get away before the bear comes. This is not good. Well it Was all fear based. She did the exactly first one outta fear base. And now she might not get out of it for fear, you know? Yeah. Fear that you know, you're gonna, well, No, lemme tell you you don't want, when you look down and you walk away and you go, okay, I put a hundred thousand dollars in my pocket, but I spent 160,000 for that opportunity and so I got a hundred of my 160 back or whatever the number is. And you look down at that $60,000 worth of stupid. That's what you don't want to do. Yeah. Nobody wants to face that. That's called facing the music, right? Yeah. And nobody wants to do that. I don't wanna look down and go very real.


This, this is what my stupidity costs me. I don't like looking at that. I wanna avoid that if I can. That's human nature. That's not unusual for you, Sarah. I'm not picking on you, but honey, you know, all you're doing is arguing with me. You call me up and said I'm in a mess. And I said, yeah, you're in a mess. Why don't you get outta the mess? You said, no, I wanna stay in the mess. I don't wanna argue with you about it. I want you to get outta the mess. That's what we're here for is to help you. Harrison is in Indianapolis. Hey Harrison, how can we help? Hey, thanks Figment, call Dave. Sure. What's Up? My question, my question for you is, I've listed to your show for a long time and talk about doing a, doing a 15 year fixed rate mortgage. Exactly. My, my question is, if it's okay to deviate from your plan, go for a 30 year mortgage and do extra payments on the principal with the understanding that you always do an extra payment a month to basically level out so you can pay in the same that you would on the 15th.


That makes, that makes sense to track it. Well, it's certainly not illegal, but would we suggest it? No, we would not suggest it. And here's why. We've done research and 100% of the 15 year mortgages pay off in 15 years or less. Almost none of the people that do your plan pay off in 15 years or less. As a matter of fact, the FDIC says from the Federal Reserve, that statistics, that 97.5% of mortgages are not systematically prepaid. Meaning what? Doing what you're doing systematically would be monthly adding the amount to the, to make it a 15, the equivalent of the 15 when you pay, add the amount of a 15 year payment to the 30 year payment, it will pay off in 15 years mathematically.


But no one does it 'cause prom dresses and transmissions. Right. Well, Which is why you wanna do that, right? Because you want the flexibility of Yeah. Of not paying it. Not Paying it Fair. I mean my, you know, I would argue my situation is a little different than Yeah, You're gonna beat a 97% odd. That's not a wise argument. I'm not gonna set myself up to do that. Yeah. And by the way, I set myself up to where I've automatic discipline. Yeah, I like that. And by the way, everybody thinks their situation is different. I just want you to know that, Harrison, I know you're not there anymore, but everybody thinks their situation's different.


No, it's not. You, you, you know, you don't have a situation that today that's going to exist 30 years from today or 15 years from today. Now, if you are the rate of change in this culture that we live in, do you understand what happened in the last 15 years? I mean, there was no iPhones True that true That, you know, come on. I mean, you understand what has happened. The rate of change cars used to drive themselves 15 years ago. You know, I mean, this is, this is crazy, y'all. The world we live in, I mean, there was no such thing as a podcast. YouTube was only cats chasing lasers. That was it. Oh gosh. And now it's the primary broadcast medium in the world. I mean, come on, Netflix was sent DVDs to your mailbox 15 years ago.


Blockbusters was still open 15 years ago. You cannot, you cannot anticipate 15 years from now, much less 30 years from now.


Confession folks, when life gets really hectic, I don't take time to plan my healthy meals. Some days I can't even remember what a vegetable looks like. That's why I keep Field of Greens handy. It's a superfood powder made with real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help your heart, lungs, metabolism and more. I mix Field of Greens with water. I shake it up and I'm ready to go. And to tell you the truth, I did expect it to kind of taste like compost, but it's really delicious. Plus Field of Greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash Ramsey to save 20% on your first order.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau Ramsey personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Anna is in San Francisco. Hi Anna, how are you? I'm good, Dave. Happy to talk. No, I'm not happy, but glad to talk to you. Well you too. How can we help today? So I have a question. I am in a very complicated position right now thinking about filing chapter 13 bankruptcy or take a second loan towards my house.


The, it's a long story, but I'm gonna try to make it short and I'm, I apologize if I say anything English incorrect. It is my second language. So I'm married, have kids. We had the whole debt situation. I found you in 2022. We got into doing the plan together by May of 2024. We bet. Free paid off like 80 k. Just owned the house. It was wonderful. So My husband start talking to friends about BA cryptocurrency. Oh boy.


And he started invested small, still make money. He, he, you know, made a big move behind my back. You know, he took a big loan of $200,000. Oh My gosh. And I, he invested that money in crypto XRP, Trump coins and all that stuff. I, he told me after he did it, I panic. I was, I was in totally panic when he told me that. That was March of this year. And I thought things couldn't get worse.


And It did. He got a phone call. He was expecting a phone call from the company. He was making the whole Bitcoin thing. The name of the company was Pix, P-I-O-N-E-X, px. He was doing crypto towards with this company. And he had over $200,000. He also had $50,000 from his mom that he was investing. So it was like, oh my gosh. 25, 200 50,000 total. How did he find Pex? How did he find them online? His friends, He talked to his friend. I don't know for sure if it was online.


He was, he is a, he is A So you got, he got scammed. Is that what you're getting Right? To tell me he Got scammed. Yeah. So He lost his, he lost his mother's $50,000. He Lost everything. And we don't even own the $200 that he lost. Wow. Yeah. And we can't pay those $200,000. So Where did you bury him? Still digging my backyard. In his mother's backyard probably. Yes. That would be a better college. Oh my God. So what is your household income? About 10 KA month. Okay. And what do you owe on your personal residence?


400,000. And what is it worth? It's like 700. Yeah. Okay. All Right. And what does your husband make a year? He makes, he brings home about 10,000 a month. And has he owned this? That he was unbelievably deceitful, lying. I don't, behind your back. Yeah. That was a big lie And never gonna do it again. 'cause he's stupid. Yeah. We fought about that. He called me stupid. Say that he didn't understand The only thing stupid you did marry him. Wow. He told me he was gonna be millionaire and he is gonna make a family millionaire.


Yeah. And that I didn't have to worry About it. Instead steady instead, you're calling somebody about filing bankruptcy. So has he owned this so that it doesn't happen again? He did this. The only reason why I didn't walk away yet It is because he told me crying. He begged me to stay and he told me that God took this money away. No, God did not do this. You don't blame God. I I know, I know. Don't blame God when you're stupid. I know, I know. But just the way he is thinking, like, God take the money away. No, that's not a good way of thinking. He needs to own it. I'll tell you what, took the money away. He took the money away. 'cause he was stupid. He needs to own that or he is gonna do it again.


If you blame it on God, then what are you gonna blame it on next time? The devil. That's Manipulative, right? Yeah, he said that and he told me he was like a punishment for going behind my back. So I was like, if you really think that's a punishment for going behind my back, How, how about just being an adult from this point forward? Yeah. Yeah, That'd, that'd be just fine. We don't, we don't need a punishment. I know. We need a grown up husband. He Made two mistakes. He took out and they need, you've made your back. Those are two, you've already paid off $80,000 when both of your brains were working at the same time. You know how to do this. And so now you pay off $200,000. How did he borrow 200 grand? What did he put up his collateral? We had, well we did a plan.


We were doing good. He had good credit. I guess, you know what, the house, he has equity in the house. Did He borrow against the house? No, he didn't. He just loaned like 23 here. 23 there. 147 there. Give her a location and he end up with like 1 93. It wasn't, you know, close to 200. So these are Like credit cards and personal loans? Yes. Yes. Okay. The entrance is super high. It is like 23%. Yeah. And Not only that, interest is not your problem. Stupidity is your problem. Yeah, I know, I know. But the payments like five grand a Month. You, you've already paid off $80,000 and you did that in 18 months.


So you know how to do this. Can You are, are you, I hate to ask you to do this, but are you working at all? I'm not right now. I'm waiting for my kids. I'm already making application and my kid's gonna go back to school. I will as soon as they get back to school. I was working and helping. That's how we get out of bed. Yeah, We're gonna do it again, you Know? Yeah. But then right now with the 5,000 payments of You're, you're not bankrupt. I'm not bankrupt. No, you're not bankrupt. You make enough money to clean this up and you can either pay it, you can put it a second mortgage on your house. I really don't want you to, and then pay it off there because, but you're, you're, you're keying off on how big the payments are.


You need to be paying 5,000 a month. It's gonna be painful. And the hard, You need to be paying 6,000 a month. That's how you're gonna get out of this 6,000 a month. 72,000 a year. The hardest part of this entire journey. It's gonna be hard to pay off the debt. But every payment you're gonna have to work on how you feel towards your husband and what that means for you guys. Because with every payment, the, the resentment has the ability to grow more and more. And each time you Go to your job that you feel you shouldn't be working right now, that resentment hasn't an opportunity to grow. So you guys have to get into some sort of therapy, something to work through this because things still aren't right. I can tell. Oh yeah. Well they shouldn't be.


Yeah. Shouldn't be. Oh my gosh. We've got massive stupidity And we blamed it on God and it's unbelievable. I mean, God's looking at you going not my deal. Yeah. I didn't do me. Yeah. The only thing I did is make you, that's the only thing I did. How come every time you're on the air, I get these crypto cards. I don't Know. I was thinking the same thing. This is a problem. S it a pattern here. That's a problem. You're going like George and horses and crypto and Jay. I guess so. I don't know man. This is the Ramsey chef.


What's up guys? It's Jade. And let me tell you, when My husband and I had $280,000 of student loan debt, we were not sitting around waiting on the government to bail us out. We did the hard work to pay it off ourselves. So if you're still holding out hope that forgiveness is coming. That's like you waiting for your landlord to start paying your rent. It ain't gonna happen. If you really want those student loans gone, you need a plan. And for some of you, refinancing might be part of the plan. So I recommend Laurel Road. With Laurel Road, you can get an initial rate quote and less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can set up 30 minutes to talk to a real actual human being to find out if refinancing is right for you. Ramsey's advice is clear, get out of debt as fast as possible and a lower rate or a shorter term can make that possible. Laurel Road has low competitive rates and they even offer interest rate discounts. So stop waiting on the maybes and the some days and start taking action today. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash Ramsey to get a free rate, quote or schedule a free 30 minute consultation. That's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Buying or selling your home's a big deal. And between clickbait headlines and confusing data, it's tough to know what's actually going on in the housing market right now. The average house price, the median house price in America is $431,000. That means half of them are more expensive in America and half are less expensive. That's what median means as a statistical measure. Nearly a million homes on the market right now. That's the largest inventory of the for sale homes we've had since 20 19, 6 years. A lot of houses on the market and house prices are not going down. They've been continued to go up, interest rates have gone down. They're a little under six, 5.9% for a 15 year fixed right now. So if you wanna know about housing trends and you're trying to get yourself situated to get your home bought, that's a good idea. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or click the link in the show notes and we'll help you the whole thing's. Free


Claudia's in Chicago. Hey Claudia, how are you? Hi, how are you? I'm good. Good. How can I help? I was just calling in to see if it would be more reasonable for me to get eloped with my fiance in the coming year or to have a wedding. I'd love to have a wedding. No one in my family has had one. And between my sister-in-laws and my sister, they regret it. They all eloped. It was more ably, it was more feasible and financially the savvy thing to do. But I would love to have a wedding and a very small one, intimate about 50 to a hundred people on my parents' property.


What would it Cost? Cost Less. I'm estimating less than 15,000 from me and my fiance. Our costs. I know that both of our parents would definitely want to pitch in and help. Okay. So Do you have the money Lower than that. See? Yes. I'm so terrified of going into debt. So I am 23 years old. I paid for my college myself. Wow. After graduating, I started making about 70,000 a year. Now I'm at 75, but I am applying to medical school this cycle. So that income is going to go away. And that's what scares me. 'cause I know I'll be taking on loans in the future. And my fiance, he makes about the same as me.


So about 72 right now for me. So do you have any money saved? I have $30,000 right now. Okay. Of my own and high, high heeled. Yes. I would spend $15,000 on a wedding. Yes. Yes, I would. Isn't that insane? Yes, absolutely. I would. Okay. Yay. Okay, cool. Thank you. That Makes simple. Absolutely would do that. Yeah. And here's why. It's a small percentage of your world and It is in terms of your mathematically, it's a small percentage of what you make, what you have, what you've done, what you've already accomplished at 23. It, it's a very reasonable, and the average wedding in America's approaching 30,000 right now.


Yeah. Okay. Just to tell you the averages doesn't mean you have spend that, but that's the averages. You're so, you're half of average. So you're being reasonable, you're being very calm and oh by the way, you're paying cash. Yes, yes. Yeah. Okay. So I a hundred percent would do that. Now. I will, can I give you a recommendation? Absolutely. The project that has the most scope creep, other than building a home, is a wedding. Yes. You start out with 15 and you look up and it's 45. That is true. Because you get nickel and dimmed and you get with the people on the reception And we get the nicer mushroom caps and whatever. Right. And you know, the old wedding movie with Steve Martin, the cheaper chicken.


The cheaper chicken. Right. And so that whole thing, so what you need to do is if 15,000 is your budget, you need to write that at the top of the page. And you need to say, okay, how do we build a wedding for 15,000? That means the videographer can get no more than X, the dress will cost y, the reception food is gonna be Z. And you get a total number of dollars down the page by category that totals up to no more than 15. And then when you meet with a caterer and they say, oh, well we could do, no, I'm sorry. This is what I can do. Yeah, Yeah. And you go look at the dress, there's always a dress that's more expensive. There's always a videographer that wants to shoot a Hollywood movie. Yeah, okay. There's always, and, and instead, I got my friend with a still camera walking around and you're gonna be okay.


And you know, we're gonna pick flowers in mama's front yard on the farm and whatever, I don't know, but you just decide where you're gonna spend this money ahead of time. Otherwise you'll look up and it'll be 20 at least. Yeah. I've already started like a little spreadsheet. I bought my dress. I love it. I'm not picky as long as I'm in white. I could walk down in like a trash bag and he'd say, I do. I bought a trash spreadsheet. We knew he was gonna say I do because this is a smart guy. Okay. That's not the question. We don't need trash bags. The point is, the point is your spreadsheet is the exact thing you need to do. Yeah. And this is how you got through school without debt. You had a plan. Correct. Yeah. And this is how you do a $15,000 wedding, not an 18 or 28 or 48,000 wedding.


You do it with a plan. It's a Absolutely. You, you, it's a project and it has line items down the spreadsheet, and then you stick to that budget. Or if you spend less on one item, it gives you more to spend on some of the other items. But either way, we've got a budget, a project budget here that we're running. And when you run a wedding that way it doesn't take the romance out of it. It does take all of the opinions of friends, relatives, and mothers out of it. That's The good part. When you pay for it on your own, nobody else gets a vote. Well, she said maybe mom and dad were gonna chip in some, but that doesn't mean that get a vote. They just get the chip in. And so, you know, all three of the weddings that the Ramseys did, that's exactly how we did them.


They all three spent, I think. Well, yeah, I think they all three spent it all. Oh wow. That's good. I gave 'em a budget. I gave 'em an amount and said, you do it and we're gonna put it in a separate account, the wedding account, and you gotta stick to that. And I wanna see the spreadsheet and I wanna see you sticking to it. But other than that, I'm not gonna tell you what to spend it on. But don't come in here afterwards and go, we're $5,000 over and don't, I don't wanna hear this crap. So, you know, you guys just be like grownups and stuff. You're not in Congress and so you can't just make this crap up as you go. And, and, and that lady right there, she's gonna be incredible. I mean, 23 got through school debt free. Yeah. But she said she plans on taking debt to Go to college.


To Go to medical school. To Go to medical school. Yeah, that's true. That's a mistake. That is a mistake. Yeah. I, I would work around that. But the rest of this call was excellent. It was excellent. Very, very well done. Alright, Christian is in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey Christian, how are you? I'm good, Dave. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have a question for, I guess you and other maybe people listening about, you know, they started their own business, they're, you know, doing, doing well. But how, how do you manage debt and to get out of debt when you know you're running your own business and maybe the paychecks aren't as consistent and sporadic and It's not the lack of consistency that matters.


It's the size of the check that matters. Right. If they're inconsistent and small, you got two problems. Yeah. But if you get, if you get $300,000 every four or five months, you'd probably make it out. Okay. Y right. And I've, I've started my business two years ago. I built furniture and, and custom cabinets and I've been maintaining What's, what's your net profit last year About? Now what'd you pay taxes on? It shouldn't be about, you should have filed your taxes. What'd you pay taxes on last year? I About, I think it was like, right, like 62,000. Okay. All Right. And what do you think you're gonna do this year?


That's profit. Yes. Okay. That's what you paid taxes on your income and All Right. Yep. And this year I'll, I'm aiming to shoot for a hundred right now I'm about 40. What causes it to be sporadic? Is it a seasonal thing? Well, you know, obviously doing cabinets is a very streamlined production, but sometimes I do custom furniture and it can, it's like reinventing the wheel for every project. So sometimes I say, oh, it's gonna take, you know, a month and it takes two months. And Is there a way that you can kind of set your pay on the lower end of the spectrum and learn to live off of that?


And then the, the times where you're able to take more, it's just kind of a gravy. That's what I would do. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've tried, I've done that. And because that The, if your, if your production line is running twice as long as you thought it was gonna run, you don't have a money problem. You've got a business model problem. You're not estimating your jobs correctly. So you'll get better at that. You'll get, you'll get better at that as you go along. But you know, it's, it's easy to live on $60,000 a year, whether it's irregular or not, in Raleigh, North Carolina can be done. And so that's what you've gotta lay out is just lay out a game plan to do that, and then watch your cash flows and watch your estimating in your production times.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the Ramsey way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Dustin and Tara are with us. Hey guys, how are ya? We're Doing great. Great. How are you? Welcome. Where do you guys live? Palm Bay, Florida. Just south Of Cocoa Beach. Okay. Very cool. Well, welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you paid off? 287,766. Wow. And how long did that take? Seven years. Oh, good for you. And your range of income during that time? It Started at a hundred thousand. I changed roles at work, went down to 70,000 and last year had an amazing year at 500,000. Wow. That's significant. Sweet, sweet income.


So what do you guys do? I'm a stay at home mom And I'm in power generation sales. Oh, okay. All Right. So it just took off, huh? Yes, last year was Really a good year. Wow. Yeah. Phenomenal. So was this your house? It It was Yay. Yay. Look at the weird people house and everything, baby. Woo-hoo. What's this house worth? 250,000. Well that's what we started out in 2019. It's around 450,000. It's worth now. Oh, Double. Yeah. Wow. Very good. And how much in your nest egg these days in your retirement? Probably around 350,000. Okay. So you're bumping up close to a million dollar net worth Getting close. Yeah. Way to go man.


Baby steps. Millionaires paid off house. And you're young. How old are you? I'm gonna be 44 And I'm 39. Excellent. Congratulations. Wow. So what happened seven years ago? Tell us about this Ramsey journey thing you've been on. Well, I took a different job and I was running a truck up and down the road a lot with the company and I was on, I mean, as much work as they could give me, I was taking it and I listening a lot of talk radio and heard this crazy guy on the radio. And the more and more I listened, the more and more I heard other people do debt-free screams and talk about this weird thing of not having debt. It, I really piqued my interest. Yeah. So 2 88, was that all the house or was some of it other stuff? Some of it was little consumer debt she brought on when we got married.


It was a lovely marriage gift, but, and then two small car loans. Okay. So you knocked those out pretty quick and then tore into the house? Tore Into the house. I Love it. Very cool. So what'd you say to get Tara on, on board with this guy that you heard on the radio? You know, we actually used FPU at our local church as almost like a pre-marriage thing, but she was on board and I, I think that was really our path to success was, you know, she was gung ho. She was willing to do EveryDollar and do everything else and just stay on a budget and work through to seeing that, you know what our goal in the end was, was to be debt-free. Yeah. Okay. So you'd already heard of FPU through the church? Yeah, I heard it on the radio show and then we weren't attending that church at that time, but that was the closest facility to it.


So we started, you know, I kind of brought up Dave Ramsey and you know, we wanted to see what it was about and took fp and u and I mean that was a great course to have. Wow. So Tara, you went into financial peace 'cause this truck driver talked you into it. Yeah, yeah. Basically When you were in there, what did you see that made you decide where this is? Okay. Well, I mean there were other couples in there that shared their story and they seemed happy. Sorry. It's okay. I have a tissue. It's okay. They seemed happy and successful and it seemed manageable. The whole death snowball thing.


Starting off small building momentum. Yeah. Yeah. How's it feel to have no house payment, guys? Oh, Crazy. Yeah, It's, it's great. I have anxiety and you know, always kind of felt like I had to stick with a certain job or do a certain thing because there's this big house payment looming And we never wanna move or be out on the streets or just have to deal with that. So not having the house payment is just such a relief knowing if we wanna stay we can stay. Yeah. Yes. You own it's blessing. That's Great. Yes. God is great. It is. That's amazing. What was the hardest part? He worked a ton. I mean, day night, just constantly working, really, you know, pushing.


Yeah. There was a lot of hours put into it, you know, Like I said earlier, if it wasn't for her being on board with it, it would've been a lot harder than it was. But, you know, with me working sometimes if I had to work third shift or 16 hours or whatever it was, she kind of again saw the goal and just, you know, it wasn't, there was no complaining she knew what we were doing or why I was doing it and what we were trying to achieve. Was it worth it? Oh yes, yes, yes. Yeah. And I mean, the EveryDollar app helps me constantly to this day. I love it. Good. Yeah. Good. I tell everybody about it. Well, you know, Thank you. I appreciate that. Of course. But you know where you are and, and you know, you're in control and it's a sustainable situation.


And stinking house is paid for. Y'all are heroes, man. Way to go. And you've changed these little kids family tree. Well done. So how old are the kiddos? Bring 'em up and let's introduce 'em. What are their names and ages? We have Ellie, who's nine and Daniel is seven. All Right, very good. Good looking guys. Very cool stuff. So what's the first big thing you're gonna do now that you're almost millionaires and you got a paid four house? Well, we, we used this trip to come up here. We drove up And we stopped. She was all you wanted to see to Biltmore. So we stopped at Biltmore and then spent the last couple days in the Smokies, the kids got to Go to Dollywood. So this was kind of our little family celebration, making our way over here. Yeah.


Dollywood's a hidden gem. It is. It's excellent Abs. We're right outside of Orlando and that is the most amazing theme park we've been to. Yeah. Very cool. Good for you guys. Very well done. Proud of you. Who was cheering you along along the way? You know, I had some coworkers that, you know, that were inspirational to me or actually owned a company I used to work for. And it was great, you know, being able to talk to them as being successful people. They were definitely Ramsey fans. They were pushing, they understood it was it, it was great. You know, so they, they definitely were inspirational for me. Yeah. Wow. That's good.


Very cool stuff guys. We're proud of you. Very well done. Alright, it's Dustin and Tara, Daniel and Ellie Cocoa Beach, California area 288,000 paid off house and everything. We're looking at some 40-year-old esque, almost millionaires will be very, very soon. And look at these beautiful children, their whole lives are changed. Their family tree has been changed 'cause dad paid a price and mom made it work where dad could pay a price. This is a team effort right here. Very well done. Proud of you guys. Your heroes, man. Excellent. Count it down guys. Let's hear a debt free scream.


3, 3, 2, 2, 1 with Jeffrey. Yeah. Wow. What a bump. A hundred thousand to 500,000 it years. He kicked it. Sheesh. Yeah. So here's the thing. Some what's interesting in God's economy, it's just, I'm positive that right now on SiriusXM or on podcast, or maybe even YouTube, there's a truck driver out there. Yes. That's not married, doesn't have two beautiful children. And is listening to this former truck driver now in sales with two beautiful children and a beautiful wife and a paid four house and almost a millionaire.


Seven years later. That's called hope. Yes It is. These people, these people standing here, they personify hope and that just got transferred to you out there. And I don't know who you are that you're driving right now, but I'm positive out of 40 million people that listening to this particular broadcast, that at least one of you is driving a truck right this second. It might have less than $287 thousand dollars in debt. Yeah. Yeah. Might have. It might, you know. Yeah. So, so the thing is, and here's the trick. Daniel and Ellie can look back at this video several years from now and go, well, that's when it happened. That's when the old man, the old lady did it. That's when everything turned the corner.


'cause they just left Biltmore. Right. Which is the Vanderbilts. Yeah. Okay. So it, somebody's gotta be old man Vanderbilt. Somebody's gotta start it. Right. And you're looking at 'em. They just started it. That's how it starts right there. That's exactly how it starts. Somebody's gotta be old man Rockefeller. Somebody's gotta start it. Those things, they, they weren't born now that a couple generations after were born with the money, the original Commodore ain't no money. That's that. You know, that's, and that's where Biltmore comes from. And it's where Vanderbilt University comes from. It's where the Rockefellers, you know, I mean, somebody's gotta start it. Why not you?


This is the best place in the history of humanity. It's called the United States of America. For the little man to get ahead and become the next guy who's not the next gal, who's not the little man, but it's your decision.


Hey, we put some stuff together to help you. 'cause if you're trying to explain this RAMSEY thing to a family member who doesn't understand, or a friend that doesn't understand, it's hard to get it all out. They can't get it all in their brain. So what we did is we put together the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. It's free and it's easy to share. And it covers the basics for somebody who's just trying to figure this Ramsey thing out. Stuff like the baby steps, the dead snowball, the emergency fund, working together with your spouse, all that kind of stuff. All these clips are on there. And here's how you can share it. Click the link at the top of the show notes to open the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. Text it, DM it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, this is something that's helping me. I thought you might enjoy, if you're listening on the radio, we've got the Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. So jump in on the YouTube channel and you can see the Ramsey 1 0 1 Playlist. Think of at least one person in your life and share it with 'em. It's all completely free. It's just kind of a, I don't know, a compilation of best ofs. Almost not best of not most entertaining or weirdest calls, but the ones that actually give you the information, show you what to do. Okay. And I think it'll be helpful to you. That's what our hope is. That's why we put it together.


Robert's with us in Virginia. Hi Robert. How are you? Okay, Dave, thanks for asking. Sure. How can we help? Well, I've got a question about chapter 13. I know that I've, I've been listening to the show for a few months now, and I know that you say that bankruptcy is, is like a divorce, kind of a last ditch option. And that's kind of where I'm at right now. I don't know anything about divorce 'cause I've never been married. But my home is, my second mortgage is currently in, in foreclosure.


A sale date has been set. I got about five and a half, six weeks left before the sale date. I've been here once before about seven years. Back when I had a, I had a business go under and I Why why are you behind on your second mortgage? Well, I, I got hit by a tree last year. I, I climb and cut trees for a living. Oh. Oh gosh. I'm, I'm about to turn 65 here in, in about two months. And last year in March I got hit by about a 3000 pound trunk. It's not the first time I've been injured on the job, but this, but this one took me out for about two months and I fell behind on the primary and I kind of let the secondary go, trying to catch up the primary.


Just as soon as I got back to work my, I drive like a 30, 31-year-old Ford pickup. And, and that broke down and it, it took about five weeks to get it back on the road. So I fell further behind. I won't go into all the, you know, the, the sad songs, but basically Are you okay now? I got permanent nerve damage up and down the right side of my body. But, you know, everything else healed. So Are you back to work? Yeah, I am back to work. Although my truck, my, you know, my truck just broke down again last week. I was trying to, so You don't have an option of missing any more work.


How much do you owe on the first mortgage? About 180. What do you owe on the second mortgage? Well, they say 55, which is weird because I only borrowed 52 and I've been paying on this house for almost 20 years and I added up what I paid to them. It's close to 90 K that I've given them. But What's your interest rate on the second? Well now it's low. It's like 3, 7, 5 and my primary's three. Oh. But originally when I bought this house I bought, When you were working before the accident, did you make enough to pay both these mortgages?


Yeah, usually. But since I got over 60, I started slowing down. And during the winters I've been having a hard time keeping it up. What's the house worth? That's the thing. It's, it's really worth about what I owe on it. About 235,000. Yeah, two 40 maybe. But they've got it hyperinflated on Zillow and stuff, you know, they got it at like three 70. It's got some land and stuff, but the house hasn't had any updates in almost 20 years. So Zillow's not relevant. I'm, you know, but I'm, but I also think it might be worth more than you think It is. Well, I, I, I've, The reason I think that is, I don't think the second mortgage would've bothered to foreclose if it was only worth 2 35.


They believe it's worth more. That's 'cause the county had some new tax assessors Out. No, for second mortgages don't go off of county assessments. They go off actual value. 'cause when they take the thing back, county assessment doesn't matter. They gotta turn around and sell it and get their 55 grand out of it. How far behind are you? Well, in the second one, I, I only owe them like $2,000, but they've added about two grand in lawyer's fees. That's typical. That's a normal, that's, that's standard. That's not, And I'm two months behind on the primary right now. My, my thing was I was gonna try to make enough money. I, Like I said, I was here once before in 2018 and that's when I stopped doing what I was doing that was losing me money.


And I borrowed a, a chainsaw from a buddy and I got out my old climbing, harnessing ropes was about 30 years old because I hadn't climbed in cut in 30 years. And I started doing trees again and I made about $11,000 in five weeks and I was able to reinstate the mortgage. Yeah. That's about what you're gonna have to do this time. But the problem is, after you do that, I'm not sure you're making enough to keep it. Well, the thing is is I don't think I can make enough this time because the problem is, Dave, since the accident, I haven't been able to to to work as much Now can you do something else? Well, that's what I'm was, that's what I was planning. I took some courses last year and I got a certification in another field that should be able to get me a job.


It's not gonna be super high paying at first. So it takes time to build up an income in that field. What field is that? And I don't really want to exactly say it's, it's, it's kind of not exactly healthcare related, but it's kind of along that line. I I think you need to get into something that's steady and predictable soon. Well, I I I, I agree with that. And I was planning on, Like I said, I was actually gonna go and interview last week and then my truck broke down. So now I'm, when you act, you know, I actually was outside earlier trying to get the truck running again. Okay. The reason I'm asking you all these questions is that chapter 13 is probably not gonna work for you. It will stop the foreclosure temporarily, but as soon as it does, you will have to start making payments on the first, on the second and on the arrearage on both.


Right. And all is built into the system. They get 100% of their money, the $2,000 lawyer fees, all the back payments, all the late fees. They get 100% of their money including current payments. And you're having trouble even paying current payments. And so I don't, I don't think the child, and so if you go into a chapter 13 and you don't make the monthly payments that include the current payments plus payments on the back stuff, that's a lot for you. If you don't make those, they're going, they're gonna kick you outta bankruptcy and you're gonna be in foreclosure. Again, I I understand that, Dave, but there's, it's like if I, if I lose the house, I've been fighting to keep this house for almost 20 years.


If I lose it, I got, I'll be 65 and homeless and penniless. I, I don't want you to be that. But the chap, my point is chapter 13 doesn't solve your problem. It doesn't keep you from losing it. What keeps you from losing It is an income. Well that's why I'm, I'm trying to Yeah. Get into this new line of work. Yeah, it didn't sound, it didn't sound too promising to me. It's underpaid is what it sounded like. It starts off, it starts off slow and I was also thinking maybe I would apply for social security early and add that to it and, You know. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. And and I think you go down to Target and you start working 40 hours down there, $20 an hour. Yeah. I mean now they don't pay that.


They don't, they don't pay that here. Well, Yeah, they do. They pay $20 an hour all over the nation. So, is Walmart Not okay? Well, I've been down to Walmart and, and I've, I've been looking at all the jobs. Everything here is $15 an hour. You know, you can get 17 at some places, but Yeah, there you go. All Right. I mean that's, you know, what you got right now is almost nothing. You need $2,000 right now to get the, or $4,000, get this thing stopped. And then you need to get the first mortgage current and you need to get those things and you need to run around like your hair's on fire and get those two things done. And then you need to keep the house current. That's gonna be a less strenuous plan to keep this house. Then the chapter 13 will be, and I'm telling you, the chapter 13 sounds like it's magical.


It's not. It's gonna put more strain on you the way it's structured. 'cause you have to pay 100% of the payments plus payments on all this back payments. And you can't do that with the situation you just described to me. And you're gonna get booted back out and then they're gonna be on coming down your throat in foreclosure again. So you have got to solve the income problem. And the best way to do it's now, it's your only option that'll sell the house. And I like the other option better Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Jade Washau, number one bestselling author. Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Lucy is with us in San Antonio. Hi Lucy. How are you? Hi, I am good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Well, my question is, how do I move forward from the shame and regret from losing my $136,000 Roth ira? I How did you lose it?


I met a Christian woman at a Christian women's conference and she started talking to me. She was on stage, she was one of the speakers. And, and so she started talking to me and she just followed up with me. And, you know, people were asking her why she does what she does. She started crying and saying that she just wants to help people. And so she set up an appointment, followed up with me, and told me about her real estate investment opportunity. Oh my gosh. Which basically, to my understanding, they buy apartment complexes, flip 'em. And she promised basically guaranteed double my money in five years.


And if you do exactly what I tell you, you'll be a millionaire in, you know, maybe 10 years, which I was already on track to be a millionaire in 10 years. I don't know why I didn't think about that but Her. So how fully trusted, how, how Lucy, Lucy, how old are you Now? I am 47. And at the time when I met her I was 44. And how much money do you, you lost 130,000. How much money do you have left? So my husband And I, we got married two years ago and with our combined finances now we had, I had two rental properties. He had his house, I had mine.


So we sold all the houses. And with my teacher retirement and everything, we now have 640,000 in invested with a Dave Ramsey approved financial planner. Okay. And we have 50,000 in an emergency fund. So How Can we help today? She said, how do I get over Shame? I, I just, I don't trust my judgment anymore. I don't know how to move forward from this. I don't know how to stop looking back with the shame and regret. I, I just don't know what to do. We're we're When well, when you get crossroad home, when someone burglarize your home and they come in, you come home and the drawers are all open and they've been through everything and they stole your jewelry.


It's trauma. Yes. And this is trauma. Yes. You're still describing this woman as Christian and obviously she's not, she's opposite. No, not at all. Con she's obviously a con artist. Yes. And even, even the place where she was speaking is questionable because they led her on stage. Exactly. Yeah. So there's nothing Christian about this. You thought it was at the time, but it wasn't. Yes. Okay. So yes. And, and so when I went bankrupt And we lost everything because I was stupid, we lost a hundred percent of everything. You lost 130, you still got 600.


But when I lost a hundred percent of everything, I had to decide, okay, what is the definition of Dave? What's Dave's identity? Am I a bankrupt idiot or am I guy who chose to believe some ne some lies called borrow all you want on real estate, nothing down real estate. Let's buy all the real estate we can buy. And it bit me in the butt because the whole concept I believed was a lie. So I'm not stupid, but I did some stupid things. Okay. I've also done a bunch of smart things. Okay? And so I have to decide the windshield is larger than the rear view mirror.


And that's called grace. Okay? So 32, 34 years ago, whatever It is, no, God, it's 36 years ago now. 1988 I filed bankruptcy. But that's not my defining moment. It's just the bottom of that valley that we went through because of my stupid choices. Wasn't Sharon's fault, wasn't the bank's fault. I signed up for it. The banks did some things wrong, Sharon did some things wrong. But 99% of the reason we lost all that money was me. So then I just gotta decide, okay, am I gonna walk in grace towards myself and other people who have made mistakes?


And I can, I can still call stupid, stupid, but I don't have to call me stupid. Okay. You did a okay, you you got con conned. Okay. Yes. For various reasons. I would want to look into my soul and ask what I felt. Why would I fall for this? Why was I scared? Was I greedy? Why did I fall for a con? Because you got conned and yeah, you've, in the story you told me, you've done 26 things that were smart and one thing that was dumb, did you hear me? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Pretty good ratio. Yeah. When you put it like that. Yeah.


You know, I mean, you're sitting on, you're gonna be a millionaire. You're only in your forties. I mean, you, you made, you've done one really stupid thing. 26 really smart things. Yeah. And I bet you you won't fall for anything like that ever again. Never again. And now I can smell it a mile away. I I can I look at people online now and I don't wonder what the secret sauce is anymore. I know it's all a facade. I know it's a lie. There you go. There you Go. Yeah. But, but now we're trying to decide whether to buy a house or not, or wait. And I'm scared to make another decision.


Well, and I'm just kind of, I I I think that, I think it'd be normal if you had a car wreck you're scared to drive. Yeah. But It doesn't mean we don't drive. Yeah. Walking's hard. So yeah. Get back on the horse kiddo. Okay. Easy. You're smarter, you're smarter than this one decision. Okay. I'm smarter than the 26 decisions that caused me to go bankrupt. I'm smarter than that. Yes. And I learned from it. Okay. I've never done it again. Quite the opposite. And I've become a multi bazillionaire since then. And, and helped a whole lot of people become millionaires. Tens of millions of them since then. Yeah. Teaching these, teaching the, the lessons I learned from that and you just helped some people telling this story so they don't get conned.


Yeah. Quit looking for something for nothing. There's no shortcut to any place. It's worth going. The best way to get rich quick is don't. Yeah, exactly. These are the lessons you've learned. Yeah, definitely. I, so now we've been looking at all of our housing options and we've moved into this tiny RV and we're just saving money. And I'm planning to start a business. I have 6,000 set aside to start a business. 'cause I really was ready to change careers. And, and so now, you know, there's the rough houses around here that are about 170,000. They probably need a good 50, $60,000 of work.


And then there's everything in between all the way to the new houses that are 320,000 and we're going to be here for the next 20 years. No, you're not. And so you might be, you don't know that. You don't know what the, you didn't know 20 years ago that you was gonna be sitting here. So we don't know that for sure. But get you a house. I don't care. I I trust your judgment more than you do. I think you and your husband need to get out of an rv. I can tell you that that's not gonna last. Yeah. I'll be there about 20 minutes. Get something else. Some people are RV people. I am not, I'm not not a cat person, not an RV person. Just saying,


Hey guys, George Kamel here. Do you ever feel like insurance companies only care about your money and not what you actually need? Well, there's a better way. When you Go to Ramsey's Insurance Resource Hub, you'll start feeling confident that you're getting the right coverage that's truly best for you. You'll find helpful info on everything from life insurance, health insurance, identity theft, protection and more. And when you're ready to get the coverage you need, you can connect with a Ramsey Trusted Insurance Pro, who will only get you what you need at the best price. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Today's Ramsey Show question of the day. Sponsored by Why Refi when you're tired of making no progress on your defaulted private student loans. Why Refi can help you explore a fresh start with, with a low fix rate refinancing, it's time to stop spinning your wheels. Let Why Refi help you Go to Why Refi slash Ramsey. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Jared in Nevada. He says, my wife and I have been married 50 years. We've both worked over the years, but I always did a little side work to make sure, a little extra cash that I gambled with. We both retired last year. We have a $900,000 house that's paid for. We make about $10,500 a month in retirement and social security and have about $450,000 in IRAs. No credit card or car payments? Well, you are both doing okay, but I really miss the gambling. But at 70 I don't wanna have to work to gamble and I don't want to touch any of our savings that we live on. Should I just give up gambling or do you have any ideas that will work?


Well, I wish I knew how much you were spending on gambling. That would give a little bit more insight to this question. I always view gambling in the context of I'm gonna Las Vegas and I'm gonna gamble X amount of dollars that I budgeted for ahead of time. And so for that purpose, I view it as a, as a line item for entertainment. That's kind of how I view it. But at the same time, Dave, I put a very small percentage of money towards that. I, if you're talking about high thousands, I don't think that you have obviously the margin to do something like that. If you're talking about, you know, just going and spending a hundred bucks on something, I, you know, I, I wish I knew exactly.


'cause a lot of people have gambling problems. So I don't know how much you're saying if you can't handle it in your $10,000, 500 a month budget, then it's too much and you can't do it. That's what I would say. Well, he doesn't wanna put it in there. That's what I'm saying. You didn say he couldn't handle, he said doesn't. He doesn't Want to. Yeah. But I think that if he's thinking it's enough that he would have to dip into savings, that's too much. Yeah, I agree with that. I agree with That. So if it can't fit into your monthly budget as a line item of fun or entertainment, then it's too much. So let that be your guide is what I'd say. Yeah. I have trouble commenting intelligently on it because I get zero pleasure from that. So I don't do it. It's just not fun to me.


I work so hard and it's not fun to me to give my money to somebody else and, and called and that's, that's not entertaining to me. It's quite the opposite. It's stress inducing. So I just don't do it. I've never been a gambler. I don't, I don't, my wife put a quarter in a slot machine one time on a cruise when we were in our twenties and she hit, We got 250 thou, $250 worth of quarters. And that's probably cost me 10 grand over the years. 'cause she's still looking for that hit again. You know? But that one time, yeah, that one time she put that two 50 back and then, you know, she's always gonna put some know there's, there's an art to, she's not a gambler, but she's like, she's a little bit like Rachel in that regard. So, but no, you don't wanna have a gambling problem For sure.


And I kind of question, you know, I, I get it, but I don't understand, you know, that you, and I don't even even understand when you and Rachel call it entertainment. It's not to me. 'cause I just, I just don't understand it. So anyway, having said that, it should be a small line item in your monthly budget maximum. And if you can't get over it with that, you got other issues. Yeah, that's What I'd say. I mean, how much can you, I mean, don't get me wrong, some people can really Go in but put a, you know, you're making $10,000 a month, you put a couple hundred bucks a month in there for gambling and you instead of, you know, whatever else It is people do for entertainment for a couple hundred bucks a month that make $10,000 a month and they're 70 years old worth a million and a half dollars.


You know, so you can afford to spend $200 a month on some kind of entertainment. If this is what your choice is, that's fine. But no, you don't need to be dropping five grand a month in this. I do feel like, I mean this is being judgmental. 'cause again, everybody's there. I just feel like gambling that often probably isn't good for you. No, I don't think once a month. I'm, I'm curious why it's entertaining. I mean, you know, why is it I enjoy this? What what is it, what is it you get? But people do they enjoy, it's a rush. The risk, it causes a, I like sitting at the table. You have a drink, you're talking to the guy next to you, like you're playing blackjack. It's just a, it's A vodka day. I can sit at a table and have a drink and talk to the guy next to me and not lose money. But sometimes You win.


It's a different table. But I don't have to lose money to do that. So, because you never get up from those tables wealthier than you sat down. So it's just not Listen, you gotta, you gotta know when to hold them and, and when to fold them. That is for sure. I I folded them long, like 38 years ago. So Alexis is with the Las Vegas, speaking of Vegas. Hey Alexis, how are you? I'm doing, I'm doing good. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I am pretty new to all of your wisdom. Started seeing some videos pop up on my Facebook, kind of dove right in. Finished reading a total money makeover, borrowed it from the library, finished it in a few days and my husband's reading it currently and he's getting excited about it too.


Good. We would be on maybe step number two. Excellent. Because we have a little bit in our savings account from our tax return that we haven't put to anything yet. But the problem or the question I have is I am ready to like, feel some pain, you know, for a bit until, until the debt goes away. But my dilemma is that next year is my 10 year high school reunion. I know that might not matter to some people, but I have been looking forward to it and my home state is kind of expenses to get back to what is it?


And so what is the state? Yeah, Hawaii. Okay. Yeah. And so I guess my question is, is this like, is this something that is just off the table, I just need to sacrifice it? Or is it something that if we, since it's a year away, if it's something that we were to include in our budget is still reasonable. Like So are you going to be outta debt by then? I, No. Okay. How Much debt do you have? I don't think so. So I've got, or we, not I, but me and My husband combined have about 11,000 in like, like two credit cards on a line of credit.


And then the, then the, the bulk of my debt is student loans, which is 96 for a useless degree. What is the degree? Just curious Theater parents. Oh, What's your parents, what's your household? What's your household income? So right now my husband works hourly and he's getting 22 an hour plus overtime. And then I, I'm a stay at home mom, but I do have like a kind of a creative side hustle that I can, I've been bringing some money in that previously was fun money, fun money. But now I'm like, no, I can just hustle and make it, if You took Dave RAMSEY in the total money makeover and all the stuff you've been learning out of the picture, you can't afford to Go to Hawaii.


Okay. It makes $22. Yeah. Y'all got no money. Yeah. I'm not sure how you can, I'm not sure how you can budget Hawaii and plane tickets from Vegas. Yeah. Much less staying over there for two people. Well, we wouldn't need to out a $22 an hour budget. Yeah. We would stay with family there so we wouldn't have to pay for a hotel or anything. So what's airline ticket run Would be the plane there. Probably about 600 tickets. So I, another thing that I was considering is, is it something that if I went just by myself and I didn't stay long, like would that be something budgetable or would that still be off the table?


A lot of costs while there would be cut down due to staying with family. Yeah. But but the plane tickets is the, the biggest. Yeah. You, you don't gonna have to drop 1200 bucks and 1200 bucks in your old's world's a lot of money. Yeah. So some things are aren't going to have to change during this calendar year for this to be logical for you all to do regardless of how plugged in or fired up you are about the Ramsey stuff. Okay. Right. Like what's his career path? Is he working on getting a better job? So Yeah. So he was, he was working in the restaurant industry and ended up leaving that and he actually did some training in welding.


And so right now his job is, it's, he is doing some welding of his job, but the job itself is not like fully welding. So He he probably could. Yeah. He needs to work on doing something to double his income. I mean, he's making what a 17-year-old can make a target. And this is not how you set up Hawaiian vacations. You can't go regardless of Ramsey. That's just the math doesn't work.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the Money and Marriage Getaway over a Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long weekend in Nashville, Tennessee. Me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple, but the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Investing can seem complicated or confusing, but it doesn't have to be. Whether you're a complete beginner or looking for next level strategies, the Ramsey investing hub has tools and information that can help you invest with confidence. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash investing or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast


mark's in Canada. Hey Mark, how are you? Good. How are you guys? Better than I deserve. What's up? Just let say it's been a pleasure talking with you guys. Very new to this Ramsey solution and I have got a question about, I work on a family farm, it's a tender fruit farm and I've been working here for quite a while. I'm three, three years old. I worked, came right outta college and there has been zero talk of transitioning ownership and I don't know if it's maybe wrong of me to push this conversation, but I've brought it up a couple times and it's just kind of been, not necessarily shut down, but I guess just pushback.


I'm wondering if you have any recommendations for em, how to proceed. Well, we've studied family business and succession planning for about 20 years and we've seen a lot of families do it poorly and we've seen a few families do it well and we've started trying to establish the principles of that because I'm a family business and four years ago, after 14 years, my son Daniel moved into the president's office and for the first time since he's worked here, he reports to me. I'm the CEO and at that time we took 50 50 leadership of Ramsey.


Today it's down to 80 20 with the gradually moving me out of the operational leadership of this company and staying in this seat. 'cause I wanna keep doing this. I like doing this. So my, this is my retirement, I'm gonna do this till I, I don't make sense. And they have permission to take me off only when I don't make sense. So, And we know what happens when people don't make sense and don't get away from the microphone. It's not good. So anyway, we're not gonna do that. But yeah. So we've studied this and a couple of things I can tell you the, is your dad the first generation?


No, my dad is the, he'd be the third generation. Wow, okay. Time the fourth. Yeah. Okay. And so it's kind of assumed and in the air that it's gonna be handed off in the family, right? Yeah, I, yes. Have you have siblings Owned by my I do. I have, I have five Siblings. And who else is who, who's how many genera, how many people in your dad's generation are the owners? My dad and my uncle. Okay. And how many cousins have you got with the uncle? I have one cousin who is involved. So right now it's just my dad, my uncle, myself and my cousin.


So your other siblings are not involved in the business? Not at all. But your assumption is that the non-involved ones won't have any ownership? That would be my assumption. Okay. Does that the model, is that the model that they used with your dad and his brother? Correct. Yes. Okay. So that's a fair assumption then. That's not unusual, particularly in farming. It's not unusual. All Right. Yeah, so I think the, I I, I don't think It is unreasonable for you. As a matter of fact, I think it's very reasonable of you to wanna know what the flip's going on here. And it needs to be said out loud. So here's what happens when the managing generation does not build out a long-term gradual succession plan and announce it to the world.


Your other team members don't know what's gonna happen when the old man dies. They think the thing's gonna fold up like a Walmart tent or junior's gonna get it. And we don't know if junior's competent or not. So the other team members are worried about that Your vendors that you sell to or your customers that you sell to are worried what's gonna happen when the old man dies. 'cause they don't know if junior's competent or not. And they're gonna be able to get a supply off your farm. The vendors that you buy from, they don't know what they're, what they're signing up for dealing with you guys because your dad has gotta be Was he 65?


He is 62, Yeah. Okay. So you guys are 10 years late talking about this. Yeah, and that's my fear. And then the other thing is, is I don't know how I can ever afford to transit. Like I don't know what that looks like. Did Your dad buy it? This company is large. So my dad grew it from a very small business to a very large, large business for a farm. Yeah. So I think you need to talk about it. You know, you got me over here, you got me over here working on a tractor and I can't tell how I'm gonna be able to buy this thing or if you're gonna give it to me 'cause we haven't talked about it. Yeah. And I can't sit here in the dirt and not know anymore.


Well I need to know something 'cause I may need to go. I may maybe I need to go get a job. And what about the uncle? Does he talk about it? Yes. The uncle's more willing and there's, he's trying to bring up profit sharing, but it just doesn't ever seem to go anywhere. So your, okay, so your uncle is also trying to Push the conversation. I think you sit down with the two of them and you have a frank conversation that says this, you men are incredible. You have built an incredible business. Not having a plan to systematically communicate to me and the rest of the team and our customers.


What's gonna happen here is do is gonna be the doom of this business. And I'm, I I I I'm not okay with that. I want to honor all of the hard work you've done. I want to honor you great men by being able to continue your life's work here. And I wanna pay you honor, but the way I'm going to pay you honor, is, is that we need a game plan. Boys and I don't have to have it tomorrow. And I, I, and I don't have to have control tomorrow. I'm not trying to take over. This is not a coup, but I am not going to sit here and as you fall back in the grave, toss the keys out because that'll doom the business.


One thing we discovered, mark, as we studied all these companies is that, and farms included that if they literally grab their chest and toss the keys out as they fall back in the grave, the percentage of those businesses that are open four years later is almost none. The more gradual the succession plan, the higher the probability the of the continued operation of the business, the sustainability of it. Okay. Because you doom the place by an 80-year-old still sitting there and grasping control because their identity is so tied into the fact that they're the boss and now they got a 60-year-old son who's neutered.


Yeah. That's, this is what we've discovered and it's why I've been so systematic. I'm only 64 dude, and I'm almost outta Ramsey. Other than the on air parts. Okay. I mean, I'm still around, I'm still the CEOI still, I'm still in control. But the day-to-day operational things, Daniel and our leadership team are handling about 80% of it these days. And, and I could, I'm, I could easily still be doing it. I love doing it. I love running it, but it's not good for my son. It's not good for my customers and it's not good for my business, for Dave's little boy identity issues to get in the way of all that crap. And so, you know, it's time to be a man, you know, and that, that's what this comes down to.


So I don't know if this will help you or not play it back for your dad. I understand how he's holding on, but his lack of communication and lack of laying out a game plan is bad leadership. It's bad leadership and it's not fun to turn loose the stuff that you love for the good of the thing. But, you know, it's kind of like, you know, when your kid goes off to college, the last one went off to college and she's like, ah, we're done. It's kind of sad. And, but here's the trick. You hope we're done. We don't want 'em to come back. You know, we don't want failure to launch. Right. Right. Failure to launch is not success. That's right. That's right. So, you know, you know, I'm sad that you're leaving but be gone with you.


Hey guys, you know what I love about summer? All the fun yeses Yes. To pool parties, yes to snow cones and yes for all the fun in the sun moments that you can have with your family. But summer goes fast and so does summer spending. And if you're not paying attention, you're gonna look up from your slushie and wonder


where is all my money going? That's why I love the EveryDollar app. It's so simple. It helps you create a custom budget and give EveryDollar a job to do. And let me tell you, you'll know exactly what is happening with your money and that gives you such freedom and guilt-free spending. So do yourself and your summer a favor. Go download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play today.


Our scripture of the day's, second Corinthians four 16. Therefore, we do not lose heart, though outwardly, we are wasting away yet inwardly, we are being renewed day by day. Thomas Edison said if we did all the things we were capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. I love that. That's pretty cool. Rachel is with us in New York City. Hi Rachel, how are you? Hi Dave. Hi Jay. Thank you for taking my call today. Big fan of the show. Sure, Thank you. How can we help? So my husband And I, We make a decent income. Our take home is just a little over 9,000 a month and we're currently on baby steps three B while simultaneously doing baby steps four and five.


We currently have 34,000 saved towards our down payment, but the homes around us are around 900,000 to a million dollars. Even if we look further out, 30 minutes or an hour, the homes are still in the 700 to $800,000 price range. There's the option to purchase a co-op, which is much more affordable, but our friends and family advise against it due to strict HOA board rules and us not technically owning the property, but the shares of it. Ideally we would like to spend no more than $3,000 on the mortgage property taxes and insurance included, but according to the mortgage calculator on the Ramsay website, we would need to save 500,000 towards a down payment in order to make this happen.


My question is, should we go the co-op route and then upgrade to home later down the line? Or should we just continue to save money in a high yield savings account for the next 15, 20 years or so to pay for a home full in cash? Well, to start with 15 or 20 years, you're not ex you're not, you're extrapolating your existing income with no raises and that's not realistic. Correct. Right. So that, so that's a wrong set of assumptions to do the formula. So you're exaggerating that the co-op in New York's in, in Manhattan, It is not an unusual way to buy a property at all anywhere else in America. It would be highly unusual, but there, it's, it's normal.


Okay. The, the, the thing that, that you have to be aware of and that your friends and family or whoever's, you know, bringing up is what the HOA bylaws are and what, you know, what's governing this thing. Because where you can get sideways on a co-op is if it's misgoverned and then you've got a real miss on your hands and you don't get the appreciation then because your, your HOA fees and stuff go through the roof because of mismanagement, no pun intended. And you can, and, and if the HOA fees go out, get outta control, the value goes away. 'cause nobody wants to buy it. Right. And so what you've gotta do is get something in a very predictable environment where, okay, I can look at the HOA fees and I can look at the operations statements for the last five years and I see a very steady environment and you look and say, okay, the, the use and the resale and so forth in these bylaws is not so restrictive that I hate living there.


Okay. Because some of these places get very militaristic, don't they? Right. And that's what you don't, I mean, you don't wanna lose the joy of being there just 'cause everybody's, you know, it's HOA completely on steroids and out control. So if you can get something where the HOA is reasonably operated in terms of the environment and the lifestyle around it, the human beings dealing with it and that they've been very steady, they, it's okay if it increases 'cause costs have increased, but, but that the, you know, the, the increases are reasonable and over the last five years and the, in other words, you get all these indications in your due diligence that the operations of the HOA are done properly and, and, and and efficiently.


Then if you do all that, then a co-op is as good as is as good as a condo is as good as a fee. Simple. 'cause technically in a condominium, you're in a very similar situation somewhere else in America, if you bought a condominium, you know, you're buying into a similar thing to a co-op, it's a little different. But, but you still got the same issues there. And if you buy into, I'm, I'm in a, I'm in a single family, in a golfing community that's got all these other expenses associated with the community. So if they mismanage that thing, they can destroy the value of my free standing single family because they run the dadgum cost up and it makes it unappealing to live there for the, for resale.


And so that you can run into that with any time you've got an HOA of any kind involved, but just study that and watch that. And I think you're okay to move into the co-op cos again for if you've never done deals in New York City or, or don't know about deals in New York City, the co-op's a very weird transaction. Yeah, I've not, I I've never heard of it. Well, it's as prevalent as condominiums in other places. Oh, okay. In other words, it's, it's, it's not, it's not unusual at all there. It's very normal. So, and I, I personally don't have a problem with the way they're structured. Again, I'm gonna look at it though, if I buy a condominium, I've got a bunch of condos. We own probably 15 condos that are rentals.


And one of the things before we bought into those, not only were we looking for a deal 'cause they were investment properties, but we're also looking at how the dad income things managed. Are they gonna, these HOA fees gonna make me wish I didn't own it, you know? 'cause they take all my rental profits by the time they, with their screwed up sideways management stuff. Kathy is with us in Albany, New York. Hey Kathy, how are you? Hi. I'm fine. And I hope you are the same. We are and good afternoon. Afternoon, yeah. Doing okay, but in the middle of a decision making process and really having a hard time with it.


I'm 74 and My husband is 82. We've been over the years not very good about saving. We've been giving, we've been doing a lot of giving and that has brought us to a place where we really don't have anything except our monthly and yearly income, our pension, social security. And I'm living in a, in what was the childhood home that I did inherit, but, but we put money into it. We took out a mortgage. The mortgage is roughly a remaining of two 60 and the house right now is probably worth somewhere around 740 to 795,000.


But it's a difficult place for us to be in because my husband's had a lot of health issues. And again, it's a family home and I would, I really kind of don't know where to go for what we're paying here now. And Like I said, we, we have debt and so that's why, why How much, how much debt have you got? Just the house Appro? No, approximately 60,000. On what Lines of credit and credit card debt. Why not currently? What did you buy? That's good question.


Well, basically, you know, because we had no, no savings or anything, the bills that we have coming in here and what goes out, you know, so You, you can't live on your income. How much is the pension and the social security together Each month, roughly? For each month it's around 6,000. How much is the Mortgage? How much is your mortgage payment? About 1200. Okay. So where's the rest of the money going to the debt? Taxes. Taxes. Taxes are high up here. Land taxes, school taxes are high.


House insurance is high. We have a car insurance. Then you have your oil and propane bill. Lots, lots of you know the, the internet. Yeah, the Kathy, I don't, I don't wanna run out of time and the clock's bearing down on me. I'm so sorry. I wish I could take 10, two hours. No, that's okay. Two hours with you. And because this is an important decision. So ultimately you guys have gotta get your budget to balance what you're describing is you can't sustain with what you're doing. No. So something has to change for you to sustain. And that's either an income increase or an outgo decrease. And so you're probably looking at selling the house.


If you don't increase your income somehow, 'em, somehow, and, and you can just smile and say, you know, when we gave all that money away, we gave away the house because it's one of the things we gave away. And you didn't technically give it away, but you left yourself in a position where you couldn't keep it. And that's, you know, that's what, that's where you set yourself up to be. And I'm so sorry. I hope you can figure out some way to get this budget to balance and make it sustainable and you could keep it, but it doesn't sound like it's fun for you anymore. I'm sorry, that puts this hour of The Ramsey Show in the book. So we'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace, and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new Ramsey 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, A quick start collection of how to get started walking the Ramsey plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more. So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.