
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. My co-host today, Rachel Cruz, number one bestselling author and a host of The Rachel Cruze Show, co-host of Smart Money, Happy Hour, all on RAMSEY Networks. And my daughter. She's gonna be answering the questions today And I'm gonna watch open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Nathan is in Birmingham. Hi Nathan. What's up? Hi Nate. Dave, Thanks for taking my call. Sure.


I got a question. It's kind of a rough situation. I need to know the best way to buy a used car going through a pretty nasty divorce. My car finally just bit the dust. My buddy said it can't. It's the transmission's out the, the frame's rusted. And I'm the type that just drives 'em until they're dead. The problem is I don't know what my soon to be ex did with the finances. She split up everything, left me with almost nothing. My lawyer's been trying to work on finding that out, but she's not working with a lawyer. So I just need to know the best way to do this. If we combined everything, we have the money to do that. But she's basically just telling me to either get a car loan or, which I don't like doing because we finally got out of debt.


But I just need to know the best way to approach this without having to go out. How long have you been separated, Nathan? I'm sorry. About five or six months. And where has your paycheck been going, son? Oh, I have my, I have my own new bank account. Oh. How much is in that Holding that together right now? About $2,000. 'cause I'm paying for lawyer fees are really taking a lo, a good chunk of my money right now. Okay. And You're saying that then you guys had a combined savings? Well, we Probably a combined about, yeah, we had about a combined fif $50,000 cash available. Okay. And I don't know what she's done With that.


So the first thing you do is you call your lawyer and you say, okay, I need half of our savings account transferred to me by the end of the day. This is asinine. Okay. I want my money. Now, is There a judge involved? Nathan? Okay. Not yet, but the, not yet. But the lawyer picks up the phone and calls her lawyer and says, you have 24 hours to transfer $25,000 or we're gonna get before a judge. Now the problem is she's not working with a lawyer right now. Good. We're gonna go before a judge if you don't listen, lady. Okay. Okay. So you've been being real sweet and stand back and trying to let the lawyers do it and the lawyers aren't doing their job.


They're not working. Yeah. I'm thinking of You gave him money and she still sits on your money for six freaking months. Light a fire under some people buddy. So yeah, that's, I need a car. I want my 25,000. Now we'll negotiate the rest of it later, but I want my money. Yeah. Now, Okay. You hear what I'm doing? Yes, Sir. I'm creating urgency with my voice. You've been pushed around and you're about to push back. You only other option is take your car, which is a piece of crap, and sell it for whatever, 500 or $700 to the local salvage yard, right?


Yeah, pretty much. And then put $2,000 with that and go get you a $3,000 car to drive until, for six months, until you light a fire under these people on the other side of this discussion. Okay. But this tells you that you've been tolerating this too long. Yes. Yes sir. You're Right. Yeah. So the, the, a friend of mine that does divorce recovery work says that what, what people have the most trouble with in your situation and you're struggling with it. And most it's human, it's not, you're a bad guy, but most people forget this. You get all tangled up with the emotions and the grief and the anger and everything else regarding the actual marriage coming to an end.


But What, what in reality is happening is when a divorce occurs, it turns a marriage into a business transaction. Yeah. And if you were in a business partnership and the partnership was closing down, you would not allow your business partner to sit on $50,000 when 25 of it's yours. Yeah. For five Freaking months. I think the other problem, yeah, I think the other problem is she's currently pregnant. It's not mine. So that kind of throws no Wrench into it. No, it doesn't throw it doesn't, doesn't, doesn't affect anything. Okay. Okay. That's her problem. Okay. That's not your problem. Her problem is she's got $50,000, 25 of which is yours. And she's getting ready to get a judge to give her a little slapping.


If she doesn't get their money turned over, that's what's going on. That's her problem. Okay. She's got other issues like getting pregnant with other people while she's married to you. That's gonna be another issue. And that pisses you off and hurts your feelings. And you know, I absolutely, if she had a lawyer, he'd be like, going crazy right now trying to defend this situation. Oh my gosh. And So yeah, you you've got to bring this thing to ahead, dude. But again, For your peace of mind, Nathan, I'm like, for this just to drag on in general, whether you need a car or not, for this to be sitting in such limbo for so long, I think Yeah. It needs to be, it needs to be done. Well, and here's the thing. Here's the thing. If you don't get this done, you're gonna reach over there to get the money. It's gonna be gone.


It may already be gone. Yeah. That's what kind of concerns me. Yeah. I'm, I'm kind of worried about that right now. So, but you know, she's on the hook for it. 'cause you have, you have some kind of proof or can get proof that that money existed when you left the house. Oh, yes sir. Yeah. Yeah. And so she definitely spent marital assets illegally. No question. Now whether she'll ever be able to pay it back, eh, probably not. Doesn't sound like this is the smartest chick on the planet. So, but anyway. Yeah, you, dude, you gotta, you, you needed to have moved on this four months ago. Yeah. But now you get to move on it. And if you do find out bad news, there's no money and it's gonna take a while and your attorney won't jack 'em up.


Then you get to go buy a $3,000 car with cash because the one you're driving wasn't $3,000. So it's not like you're moving down. Wasn't like you got rid of a $80,000 vehicle or something. So you know that, that's where you are. So stay, stay calm. But here's the thing, treat this now as much as You Can. And it's hard to do because we're all emotional beings. I'm emotional just talking to you about it and it's not even me. So, but I mean, treat it like it's just a, a transaction. Everything having to do with the, the, the closing up of this marriage, the wrapping up of this marriage called a divorce.


It's a transaction. It needs to happen efficiently, smoothly, and quickly. Yeah. And your lawyer will know. I, I've always just been shocked And I feel like I still learn this, how different state to state handles the law when it comes to divorce from communal assets, marital assets, like Yeah, like all of it. It is like, it is, it can get very complicated very quickly. And so making sure it's as clean cut as possible And quick And fast. That's the thing. It's like, wrap it up because, and especially since she doesn't have any representation, like, I don't know, I don't know if that, I don't know if that makes it, you know, it's gonna make it worse for her probably. But also, I don't know if it's gonna string along All of this events. Well, what makes it worse for the rest of you out there is, is she probably thinks she's gonna get away with this.


'cause she's not got anybody in, in her corner as a lawyer going Advising her, telling her it's Telling her, this is dumb. You can't do that. Yes, Yes. Yeah. And she's probably like, well, yeah, I think this is my money. Even I'm having a baby So I get to keep it. That's not how it works, darling. So, you know, it's hard. But she's got nobody there bring talking sensing to her. I, no. And she may be getting her best, her best advice from her friend on Instagram, which is, you know, probably not a good idea. You know, I don't, we don't know. Probably not a good idea. I'm just saying like for sure not a good idea. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of rip-offs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And You Can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Mindy is in Canada. Hi Mindy, How are you? Hi, I am good. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I love that line. Okay. I, I'll try to make this brief. I am 35, married with a kid and a second on the way. I have 1.8 million in debt total. Good lord. Yeah. Does that Include your Home? I live in Montreal, which is the third most expensive city in Canada. And I work as a nurse, which is the cheapest paid in the whole of Canada. Two. And and what is the 1.8 million on? I hope it's just your real estate, right?


Well, I have a triplex, which I owe about 680,000 on. I have my family home, which I owe 590,000 on. Okay. So what's the triplex worth? What's the what, What's the triplex worth? The triplex is worth about eight 50. Okay. And I'm trying to get nine 50 on it, but I don't know if I should lower the price. Oh, So you, you've got up for sale my dad. And what is your home worth? Yeah, My home is worth about seven 50. Okay. Alright. I gotcha. And is that, let's see, seven and then six. That's not all of it then I have no, it's not all of it.


600,000. I have, I have two Hondas, which I owe close to 70,000 on each. I have 350,000 of personal debt and then 35,000 of credit card and, and student loans. What is your 350,000 of personal debt? It was loaned to me mostly by my cousin, both as a down payment for the house as well as to renovate the house and the triplex. Wow. And what's your household income? Yeah, Around 110, 120,000 before tax. Yeah.


So we take away About, I'm gonna go back one more time. I, I apologize, but I didn't write the condos down. You owe 70 each on two condos On two Hondas. Hondas. Oh, I put condo too. Oh, cars. So they're not worth 70? No, they're fairly new, but they're electric. Okay. We, we got them because we would be saving 500 in gas per car. Yeah. It makes a difference when you're $2 million in debt. That's a big deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not Okay. All Right. God. All Right.


So How can we help hun? Well, I had my aha moments when I saw 22,000 going out in one month after doing a budget. And I don't know what exactly to do. I tried to get my wife on board. She says she'll get rid of everything besides for the house and the cars. I cut out everything from potato chips to haircuts, literally anything I could to curb the debt, curb expenses. And I wish I could do more jobs a day. But my doctor says that because I'm bipolar, I need to have a healthy work life balance.


And my wife is going on maternity leave in 12 weeks. How much of her salary is the one 20? She makes about 66. So half of it is that paid for paid maternity leave? She gets 70% paid. Okay. Okay. For how long? For a year. Okay. And how much are these car payments a month? Just under seven 50 each. Okay. Okay. Well, I I think we need to have a different discussion. Okay. Your kitchen table, it's not like, what will she go along with?


She's one of the adults here too. And the two of you need to sit down and look at this and go, in 10 years, where do we wanna be? And I'm collapsing under the weight of this. I can't do it anymore. This, this is killing me. It's aggravating your bipolar 'cause your stress level is through the roof. Yes. Yeah. And so it's not a matter of I have to keep a princess happy. The princess gets to grow up and be a woman like a grownup. Yeah. And she gets to look at this with you and say, we have children to raise a life to build. And the one that we have is falling down around our ears And we have to do something.


The house is on fire, darling. We can't discuss what you, whether what you want it to burn. You get to decide with me if we're going to let the house burn down or are we going to do something to put it out. We don't get, you don't get to sit here and go, I don't like fire. That's not an option anymore. You're like a grown woman with kids. And So you gotta reframe this like how, because you've been running around trying to shovel things in her direction to keep her happy and like, like she's your child or something. And that's not working relationally and it's not working in your decision making either. 'cause y'all make sucky decisions.


Yeah, I Do. No, not you. Both of you. Yeah. She's involved. That's my point. Yeah. So the two of you sit down together and then if you back up and if I, you're not dumb people. If I hired you to sit down and look at someone's situation exactly like yours, and it wasn't all your stress, you would look at it and go, oh, electric Hondas are gone. Bye-bye. We're getting cheap cars, like 5,000 cars And I don't really care what they burn. Kerosene, diesel, electricity, doesn't matter to me. We're driving it. We're not worried about the environment at all.


We gotta keep it, we're not worried about the environment right now. The environment I'm worried about is not being broke. Yeah. And so there's your environment and you don't get to be a investor in triplexes that thing's gotta be priced in such a way that your real estate agent can sell it Yeah. And get it gone. And then you use that to clear up a bunch of this $350,000 in debt. Yep. And with no car payments and no triplex. And the three 50 is reduced by, I mean, 200 or So. I mean, you said two 50. Yeah. 150 or so down to 200. Then the two of you lean in. And by the way, she doesn't get a year off for a baby. I don't really care what the Canadian government says. She gets to Go to work. She lives with, she's broke people, broke people work.


So you get time off a reasonable amount of time with a baby in most countries or situations that's six or eight weeks. And then people go back to work. And So you, you know, you don't, you don't get to work at 70% and not work. And while we're broke, sorry. It's how this works. And no, we're not spending $350,000 to redo the dadgum nursery either. Kid sleeps on a used baby bed, we get at a garage sale. People survive this stuff, but only when they make grownup decisions. And dude, just listening to the tone and cadence of your voice, my heart is breaking for you. You sound like you are walking around under a 400 pound weight.


Yeah. You sound So we are scared to death. You sound scared to death. Well then add two babies in the mix for you guys. I'm like, it's that's a lot. It's a lot. You know, but the, the answer to getting rid of this anxiety is getting rid of all the crap and the debt associated with it. I hope You Can turn this and not sell your house. I hope You Can. And I want you to try to do that. Sell everything but the house first, but then a year later, if you're still pedaling and you still can't do it, you may have to sell the house, but you, you guys have got to quit buying crap you can't afford. And I really don't care how expensive freaking Montreal is. You may not get to live there anymore.


There are cities that are too expensive for some people to live in. You can't live in Tokyo. You can't live in New York City, Manhattan. You, you can't live in London and, and make minimum wage. You can't afford to live there. They're too expensive. And So I don't know if Montreal goes on that list or not. I don't, I'm not an expert on Montreal. I'm not an expert on any of 'em. But gosh, son, I, I just, I'm, I'm afraid for you because I'm, I'm, the biggest thing I'm afraid is I'm afraid that you're afraid of her and you're not gonna deal with this. Mm. And you two have got to sit down and have some grownup discussions about both of you being grownups and coming to the table and clean this mess up.


Yeah. That the work Picture, those babies depend on y'all. Yes. And that, and the house, the whole idea, the picture of the house is on fire and you're not gonna get the fire out with water guns. Right. Just try here and there. We're just kind of like, this is a, this is a fire hose. Like everything is gonna look completely different and should by tomorrow with your mindset. When you guys sit down tonight and just say, we have to get ev we have to get everything out every, our life is going to look completely different in the next three to six months Mathematically. And it should, should mathematically it should. I can get you out if you did everything I told you to do, but I don't know if you'll do it or not. That's the, that's the variable. I can't get figured out here when you decide to go do it, You Can clean this up.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, And I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the Customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston And I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that You Can do at a traditional branch, You Can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCUA.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Some lenders don't touch defaulted private student loans, but Why Refi was built for this exact problem. They'll explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate custom built for your situation deal. And You Can get your student loans cleaned up on defaulted private student loans. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Andrew in Nevada. What do you think about companies displaying tariff costs, call outs and their prices when they've had to increase them due to tariffs? I'll be honest, I don't think I've SI don't think I've seen this. I've, I'm starting to see it a couple of places where Like retailers Yeah. Or like cars, C cars, different things. There's different people who are starting to show it. Interesting. Here's the thing though, the, the truth is, is that almost no tariffs have actually gone into effect yet. It's all discussion and threats and so forth at this moment. Now, if some of these do go into place, it does add to that company's cost.


So if an item that they're selling you costs them 20% more and they're going to raise their prices and they want to explain why. Well, that seems actually good that they tell you why they went up. You know, instead of, instead of something being a thousand dollars, it's gonna be 1200 and it's all due to tariffs. We just tell, you know, I'll give you an example that's similar to that. You remember when gas prices went way up? The guy that cuts our yard and does our, our work here and has worked for me for 20 years, he does all the work on all of our commercial buildings and everything else does all the landscaping. He put a fuel surcharge on the bills.


He took his normal bill, his normal contract with us, and he goes, my gas costs have gone doubled. Yeah. And So I put a few fuel surcharge on there. I wasn't pissed at him about that. I I, he legitimately his dad gum gas was costing double. Right. Right. Right. So it's not, it's not like they're doing something wrong. Now, if they're collecting extra money on a tariff that has not yet occurred, I might have trouble with that one If they're like lying. Yeah. So what you mean? Well, Yeah, like, like they're, you know, that I, I might, I might struggle with that one. Ethically, hello? Or or collecting on some a tariff they think might occur. And that's more of a political statement than it is in actual accounting function.


Okay. And so it's like, it's kinda like, you know, anyway, I Yeah, but I I I I'm not seeing a lot of this yet. I've seen a little of it. Yeah. And the biggest reason is, is there's not a lot of actual tariffs have hit the shores of the United States yet. And so, and when They do, I mean, the truth is small businesses, they're, we're gonna feel it. I mean, any business, but especially, I mean, even with some of our stuff, you know what I mean? Like you just talk to like, I mean no, There is a level, almost all of our stuff is not done overseas. So Some of the things I have, We've, a handful of things are, but I mean like your wallet. But I'm saying their wallets are done in India. Yeah. But, and so like, but the truth is it, it does affect small business.


And So you may see that like That's, yeah. If, if the cost of that wallet that we're doing in India doubles because of tariffs, we'll probably put that on the website. You're have to see that, You know, we'll probably put it out there for you. But so far it has not, by the way. Okay. It's a, it's a lot of saber rattling as they say in negotiating so far. And boy, we have a chief Saber rattler right now. No question about that. All Right. Jason is in Kansas City. Hey Jason. What's up? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Hey, real quick, I just feel stupid for asking it, but I'm thinking about quitting my job and been doing for about 20 years and just doing something totally different.


Okay. Am I dumb for wanting to do something that's better, better paying? Why would that be dumb In my life? Sleeping, everything like that is, am I dumb for? I'm just worried about, why Would that be dumb? I don't know. I'm just worried about making a big change, new, doing something for about 20 years and doing something totally different. I'm just nervous to take that step. Okay. Well, I mean, you need good information and the more information I have, the calmer I am about taking a big step. Does that make sense? Yeah. So you said something about your retirement. Say that again. Just I'm worried. Biggest thing I'm worried about my retirement. You know, I'll be leaving away a, a big pension.


Well, I wouldn't be leaving it, but it won't be as big if I finish out doing my How old are you? I'm about 40. Will they lump, will they lump summit or will they make you wait till you're 65 to start taking it? Wait till I'm 65. You sure? Yes. Okay. So you're just gonna get it. It's just not gonna be as much because you're not gonna be there for the next 20 years. Thank God you hate the job. Yeah, exactly. Oh Yeah, let's go make some money, dude. What Do you wanna do Jason? I've got something else lined up. Just doing my own thing, working with machinery and stuff like that. Yeah. You know, heavy equipment, clearing out brush and stuff like that. And do you have, do you have history doing this stuff?


Do you have like a, something you are gonna step into? Yeah, I've been doing it as a side gig. Okay. So what are you making as a side gig? Well, it's hard to say. Maybe about, I don't know, a thousand dollars a month roughly. Okay. And what do you make at your main job now? About a hundred thousand a year. Okay. So you got a, you got a big jump there. That's $88,000. You gotta find a brush to cut. Yeah, That's a lot. Yeah. But if I was doing that full time, yeah, I can definitely, there's a lot of ways to do that around here. So Yeah, you're working 40 hours right now in a government gig, right? Yeah. Okay.


I want you to crank up your side hustle and get it to 50,000 and work all the time where you're just exhausted because you need more proof text than $12,000 a year against a hundred k. That's what's making you nervous. Is that leap in your mind? You Can see it happening, but you can't really put i, I can't see the numbers right now that that's gonna happen. Yeah. Okay. So you need to work like all day Saturday, all Sunday afternoon after church. You need to work every afternoon after you get home and you need to get this to 30, 40, 50,000 bucks. Right. And then that's gonna be a whole lot more comfortable. That may take you six months to jack it up, but I want you to jack it up and treat it like you've gone full time. Yeah.


You home by four Usually. Yeah. Yeah. So this summer, dude, wow. You got light. Let's go crazy. I mean, You Can get four or five hours in, right? Yeah. I, I can, I can do that. Absolutely. Yeah. I, I work, you know, eight, 10 hours a day You married. That's, that's no problem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, 'cause she's gonna be less nervous when she sees that the, what we say is don't take a leap and try to jump in the boat a leap of faith, pull the boat over closer to the dock and step in. And that's what I'm saying. I like it.


Yeah. How, How are you, How are you guys financially? Jason? Do you guys have consumer debt savings? Oh, we're great. Okay. Yeah. We just got about 10,000 of debt be paid off here in the next month or two. Okay. Yeah. If You Can go make 70 or $80,000 heading towards 150 running the running equipment, I would go do that. But I just want you to prove it to yourself and to your wife a little better than 12 grand a year before you go do it. That's all I'm saying. And, and, and then you're gonna be less nervous about it and you're not gonna be questioning, am I stupid to do this? And you'll be going, I'd be stupid to not do it. So, you know, one of the things Rachel, that's interesting is people say people hate change.


People don't hate change. People love change As long as the change, as long as the change is positive, as Long as It's good. I mean, when I, when I sold my pickup And I bought a Raptor RI love change. It was amazing. It was a huge upgrade. I mean, I I love change. You love change when it goes better, right? I mean, I don't know If You listen, if change, if you change jobs And I cried. I don't like that change. That makes me Sad. I know. But if you change, I don't know, you cry when you sold your car. And so, you know, I I no Charles, Oh, that's Charles. But if you get an upgrade, if you get an upgrade, people like change. So if you, if you leave a toxic boss, okay, yes.


At an underpaid job and get a great boss or self-employed and make three times more money, people love change. Who wouldn't do that? We all love change when it's for the better. It's change that's uncertain. Un uncertainty is what we don't like. Yeah. Yeah. We don't like uncertainty Or the passage of time. I don't. Good lord, a personal counseling section for you on your child. Go to school, you're Like, everybody loves change. I'm like, oh, do We? No, we do, do we all love change? We Love change. If it's good change, I know. Well, especially, especially in that scenario. Not, And when, when your child goes off to school and the last one is gone, I know that is bittersweet, but you don't want them staying at home until they're 40. So it's good that they go I heard that message loud and clear.


I gotcha. I gotcha.


Okay. You guys, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you about ALDI. ALDI gives you simpler, better food choices that can save your family nearly $4,000 a year from the daily essentials to organic produce, fresh meat and more. Aldi has what you need at prices that won't bust your budgets. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at ALDI where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near your today at ALDI us. That's a ldi. Us


Todd is in Virginia. Hey Todd, How are you? Hey Dave, How are you doing? Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? Hey, I am trying to get on the same page with spending with my girlfriend. We just recently, in the past couple months, we did move in together and I've been happy to cover all the necessity bills, rent, groceries, et cetera. But a as of more recently, I have not been able to get on the same page. I have her, she has a card of mine that she uses for groceries expenses, but I've noticed a lot of charges that I can't keep up with And I brought it to her attention and every time I do, we get into a fight.


So I need, I'm just calling how, how, what am I doing wrong? How can I get on the same page? Does she work? She, yes. So she works and she makes a, a decent amount as well. She has some other debts that she's paying. She has some student loans, she has a car payment. I don't have any debt aside from the debt that would, would be spent on that card that she uses that I, I brought up to her attention. And what does she, what does she say when you bring it up? You say, we keep getting in a fight about it. What is, what, what's like the dialogue? What's what's being said? So for example, at the end of this past month, there was $1,900 in between Target and shopping.


And I, she's not shopping necessarily personal buying shoes and bags. It's, it's expenses that are for, you know, home decoration. But it's, it's cor Yes, correct. For, you know, for not for a wrong cause or anything, but it's charges that I can see the bottom of the barrel coming very quickly. How if this continues, how, how old are you? I'm 23. How old is she? She is 23 as well. And what do you make? So I make, I work an hourly construction job And I make somewhere between 60 and 70 a year. I also do have a side business that is starting that I'm starting to finally see some, some income from there too. It's not consistent because it's still in the early phases, but I am starting to seem, you seem like such a levelheaded wise, smart young guy until we start talking about her and then suddenly like all of your common sense left.


Yeah, I Will say, you know, I mean, 'cause you're sitting here explaining to me something that's absolutely asinine and, and you, I mean, you're the kind of guy that normally would've just said, wait a minute, just gimme the card back. This doesn't work. Why haven't you done that? So I it's, it's not that I haven't, it's that I, I don't mind take, take the card back Tonight. Yeah. This is going nowhere. Good Todd. The problem is you guys are acting like you're a married couple li you know what I mean? Like, like you, you're acting like, oh yeah, we are one in our lives and we're doing this life together. No, you're not like financially this is, this is not a combined, you Gave your roommate a credit card and your roommate has a spending problem.


Yeah, That's what I'm saying. And that's what Rachel's saying. Now, if you were her husband, now we got a different discussion now we're in marriage counseling And we get on the same page and honey, we can't spend money like we're in Congress And we start having these discussions. Okay. But yeah, But, but she's not your wife, But you just gave your room. I mean, just change, pretend like you weren't sleeping with her and it was just your roommate and you just gave your buddy who's living down the hall in another bedroom, your card, and then he went hog wild at freaking target. You know, you'd be going No. Or Bass Pro just Or whatever Bass Pro. Okay. Wherever. I don't care. But I mean, you'd be going, man, I must be, that was a bad move. I want my card back.


Right. Because that's, that's the situation. You're in Almost $2,000 a month, Todd. Like, Like That's a lot. It's not like you're like, oh gosh, she spent $50, like Yeah it was 1700 last month And I said something then what Todd? And we got an argument and then it was 19 this month. Okay, well Let me help you with this. It's going the wrong way. Yeah, I guess my, I guess my problem is, is I see why I see so many characteristics of her that are marriage material and So I try to overlook this problem and try and compromise and make it work. No, but every time I say something we get an Argument. No, you have to take the card back and then we have to start the relationship over and the relationship starts with the two of us have to get on the same page about how we handle are gonna handle money before we talk about marriage.


And a real good way to do that is not be living together. Because when you're living together, you're trying to work, you're trying to play like you're married, but you're not. It's like one foot in a boat, one not, and all you do is getting wet in this lake. Yeah. I mean the boat leaves and there you go. So yeah, you, you know, and so it's just, it's a problem. So, And I don't think your guys, I don't think you two, you're not describing a situation where you're ready to get married. Yeah. That's kind of the Well, and just I'm, I'm coming to Yeah. And know this Todd, you know, I, I am sure she does have marriage material and all of that and not that certain subjects can't be agreed upon and seeing shared values and actually working towards reconciliation of us actually seeing life the same way.


But there's like big issues that create that, that, that have been studied and shown that cause divorce and money is always in that top three. So, So I dunno, I heard this example once, So I thought it was funny. They were like, you know, if they're like, okay, the top three ways that you could die from here to walking to your car are bears and bears are the, one of the three ways that people die from walking from inside to to their car. We'd all probably know about bears and be thinking about bears and probably have bears spray and be armed against bears and be aware. So if it's a major red flag in a relationship towards marriage, like it should be a big deal. Like this is a big red flag, Todd.


Like you keep saying, you know what I mean? Like the attitude is like, well it's just this, it may not be a big deal. And what we're saying is for a re romantic relationship, for it to go further and you guys get married, I, I, it's not that I don't have hope that you guys could create shared values and actually start as grownups talking about reality that we can't spend more than we make. And in reality, here's what this looks like for our life. You could do that. I, I hope You Can. But if you can't reconcile this again, it is a big red flag, big red flag for marriage. So you, It's really so it, it starts with, it's really Important. So the conversation, if I'm you, it sounds at a minimum it sounds like this tonight, we sit down And we say, Hey, I made a mistake. I'm sorry.


The mistake I made was I started treating the situation like we were married financially and we're not. And So we need to keep our money completely separate if we're gonna stay in the same house and we've gotta start, if we want the relationship to go forward, we've gotta start talking about how we can be on the same page about money. In the meantime, gimme my card back. Yeah. Because we're not, we're gonna separate our money again, because this is complicating our relationship. It's not helping it. I thought I was doing a nice thing by providing, And I made a mistake, I goofed. And so I've, I've got, we've gotta separate the stuff so that we can come back to sanity and start a fresh discussion like two grownups about how we can move this relationship forward.


And it can't be that we're sharing money and a bed when we're not married. Those two, it just doesn't work. The data is in, it's not a moral judgment. Although I can pitch that to you too if you want it. But the, but, but What it is, is the data is in this does not go where you guys want it to go. No. There, there's, there's there research project after research project after research project. And, And we now know for sure that marriage is a huge advantage over singles living together. We see the health is improved of both partners. The sex life has improved of both partners.


The wealth is 15 times higher for a married 30 5-year-old couple than a single female. 15 times higher net worth. That, that, that's actual data. Okay? From research projects, married men live six to nine years longer than unmarried men. Apparently women keep us from doing stupid stuff, I don't know. But are, are you gonna eat that? Yes. No, you're not. You're married. I don't want you to die. You know, I mean, I don't know what it is, but something married men live longer. Married men make 26% higher incomes at 37 years old than unmarried men.


Interesting. And that's includes unmarried men shacking up acting like they're married. You make 26% more if you're actually put a ring on it. Hello. So, I mean, this is real, you guys and and you guys have been told a lie out there that, oh, I'm gonna try on the shoes before I buy them and make sure they fit. That's a lie. It doesn't, it the data doesn't pay off on this. It doesn't work. I'm sorry. And if that offends some of you, we'll get in line of people that Dave Ramsey is pissed off in the last 30 years. It's a long line.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me, my husband And I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and You Can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You Can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, You Can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that You Can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road, do.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we Help people build wealth, do work that they love, And create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz, number one, bestselling author, host of The Rachel Cruze Show and RAMSEY Personality. My daughter is my cohost today. Jake is in Phoenix, Arizona. Hi Jake, How are you? Hi Dave. I'm well, thank you. Sure. What's up? Hey look, I'm a, I'm a legal immigrant. I'm a green card holder in the United States. My wife is a United States residence. We're looking to purchase our first home. And after speaking to a mortgage broker, because I have no credit history or credit score to speak of, he is essentially told us that I cannot go on the loan and it's gonna have to be my wife by herself to go on the loan, which brings our borrowing power much less than we would we hoped it would be.


Which, which brings the quality of the home that we were hoping to put our family into into a much lower quality home. What is, what is your wife's credit score? I believe she has about a seven 50 at the moment. Okay. Wow. I, okay here there's three, there's a couple of variables here. I don't know. The answer to one variable though is that I, I don't have the answer I want if I'm you. So I'm going to keep pushing, which is what you're doing by calling here. Good for you. Okay. Yes sir. So no number one in general, if a couple is going to go buy a house, there's two ends of the spectrum you want to be on.


You don't want to be in the middle. You wanna have a high credit score like your wife does or no credit score like you do. If you have no credit score, You Can do what's called manual underwriting, which is like George Kamel and his wife Whitney bought a house with no credit score, same interest rate. Both of their incomes counted toward buying the house to get the mortgage. Okay. Their first home that they ever bought as an example, Jade Warshaw also has done that. Okay. So RAMSEY personalities have actually done it. Human beings do it all the time. But you have to have a mortgage broker that knows what they're doing. 'cause manual underwriting is where they actually manually check and verify your income with your employment.


They manually check and verify your deposit for your down payment. They manually check to see that the bills were paid to the landlord that has your name on the lease. And when they do all that, they establish that You Can pay bills. Okay. Understood. And that's how the mortgages used to be done in the seventies and eighties until the FIO score took over. Now FICO scores, mortgage brokers sometimes are just like a monkey. They look at the number and go, ooh hoo number big or whohoo number not big. And that's the only way they can make a loan. They're just dumbing a rock. Okay. So, but you really look at the actual human being and figure out what's going on. Now I don't know how to do that where one of you has no credit score and the other one has a big one.


Got it. I don't know the combination of that. That's the one piece of, or one of the two variables I'm not sure about in your situation. And I have no idea how this green card thing plays into it. That's the second thing. I don't know. Okay, sure. But I do know this, I do know that Churchill Mortgage that we have endorsed on this show for 30 years, they're friends of mine, if you will call Churchill Mortgage and talk to them. They will work the, you know, t tell them I've gotta have some help. I talked to Dave on the air, he said to call and they'll explain to you in detail what you're facing. It might be that because one of you have a credit score and the other one doesn't, that the manual underwriting for you can't be combined with her high credit score.


You see what I'm saying? Sure. I don't know if You Can do that or not. I've never tried to do that. I've always done it where both people were married and neither of them had a score or both people were married and they both had a good, a good score. Okay. Now, so, and, and again, I have no idea. You, what are you Australian or uk? What is it? What's the accent? I'm from New Zealand Originally. New Zealand. Okay. All Right. Yeah. And so missed it all the way around, but yeah. So you're close with Australia? Yeah. Got got hemisphere And I aiming in the general direction of the globe. But yeah, anyway, the, yeah, So I don't know how that stuff works. My pastor is Australian and he has a house and he's married to an American.


So I Think he got his citizenship. He, he does have a citizenship today, but yeah, he's, yeah, but he come, he's a, yeah. So anyway, that's a good point. But Jake too, you know, when you guys go and and dice us out, you know, one of you being on the mortgage, It's not gonna work. They can't count both incomes as the problem with that. And you gotta have both. Yeah. You need both incomes to count to be able to get the home that you're looking at, that you're wanting. And that's a valid, it's a valid request. 'cause you legitimately both have the income and with a green card you're allowed to have an income. I do know that. Okay. So you know, you're not, it's not like you're, Are you guys out? Is your wife outta debt? No, We we're outta debt. We're on baby step three.


So we just managed To get So you got a house now It may take Oh yeah. Do you have a mortgage now? We do have a mortgage. It's my wife's home. Where in Phoenix. So we, we can put that home on the market. Sure. Because that'll keep it I was gonna say, Rachel was saying there is a Rachel let it Go to zero, let hers Go to zero. But it's not going to as long as she's got an open account. Yep. Yeah. And so she's gonna have an open account along she owns that house and you don't need to sell that house just to do this. So I don't know the answer to those two questions. But if I were in your shoes, I would Go to, I'm not gonna take one mortgage broker's opinion. I'm gonna go get, I I'm gonna keep asking somebody like get the answer I want. Sure, sure. So I learn enough about it to figure out how to, how to somehow game this system because it's an unreasonable I'm with you.


Not counting your income is unreasonable. Yeah. Yeah. And So I I'm not gonna accept an unreasonable answer 'cause it's not logical. The point is your income is there and it can be used to pay the freaking bill. So the mortgage company's not, not counting that. And for some reason or another is just bureaucratic bull crap. Yeah. So I, I'm gonna find some way to work around it. I will tell you another, I mean, try Churchill and if you can't get this figured out with them, you probably can that I think they'll solve it. But the other thing You Can do is Go to someone like FAIRWINDS Credit Union, our other, one of our other advertisers see, and they portfolio the loans, meaning they keep the loan in house and if they're gonna keep the loan in-house, that means they make up the rules and they may be able, they can just look at it and decide we we're gonna count it because this guy's reliable.


We're gonna, we're gonna do manual underwriting on him and we're gonna look at her credit score and we're gonna count it. Yeah. Always. And they can just decide to do that. 'cause they're the, what they're trying to do is to meet what's called conforming lending guidelines so they can resell the loan brokers don't keep the loan, they resell the loan. And in order for the loan to be marketable, when they resell it, it has to meet these guidelines. And your guy can't figure out how to meet the guidelines in your situation. Churchill may be able to figure it out, but if neither one of them can Go to a place that portfolios, meaning they keep the loan, they're not selling the loan. So whatever guidelines they're comfortable with, they can just do it. 'cause the loan's gonna be on the books at the credit union. Yeah, that's a great point. And, and that, that one will work as well.


That's another way to get at this. Wow. It's Hard. Interesting. Interesting. I've never run into that. Yeah. Well it's, it's always a, it's, it's such a frustrating thing because it creates these hurdles, which is true when you don't live with debt and you don't have a credit score, there are gonna be some of these hurdles that you run into. You Can, You Can mostly always get past them. He might just have not been in the country long enough to establish a country. Oh, with the green coffee. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Wow. But, but you guys keep on the track though. 'cause I think the, the mindset that you guys are in sounds like a good stable place. So don't go off the reservation and do something crazy just to get this house. Yeah, I knew this house, so I'm gonna take a 14% interest rate. Nope. Yeah, nope.


We'll pass. We're gonna work on a different way. Another way to skin this cat. This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, They do delete me actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find so Much. But Delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so You Can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston And I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Hey, what's up Dr. John Delony here. The new dates have dropped for the money and marriage getaway over Valentine's Day weekend in 2026. This is your chance to hit pause on everything in your life and reconnect with your spouse over a long Weekend in Nashville, Tennessee, me and my friend Rachel Cruz will be digging into topics like sex, money, communication, and more. This weekend is happening on February 12th through the 14th and early bird prices start at $749 per couple, but the prices will be going up soon. Get your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Buying or selling your home's a big deal. And between clickbait headlines and confusing data, it's tough to know what's actually going on in the housing market. Well, we're here to make the latest trends easy to understand. Median home prices went up slightly last month. About $430,000 is the median home price in America today. There's more homes on the market right now. Nearly a million for sale the highest since 2019, but in many areas are still not enough to meet demand. There's still more buyers than sellers. Average fixed rate loans now 5.9% on a 15 year, and it's still under six. So there you go. So if you're financially ready, it's a good time to buy.


Really good time to sell. You know, to Learn more about the housing market trends and to buy or sell with confidence, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or click the link in the show notes. Billy's in Kansas City. Hey Billy, How are you? Hi, doing good. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. How can I help? Yeah, I am 30 years old And I work as a retail manager making about 45,000 a year. I have about $35,000 in debt. And my question is, is I, I've watched your show for a long time And I know about the snowball And I kind of know the steps to get out of it, but I have really bad OCD And I, I, I can't, I don't use my kitchen at home.


So I spend a lot of money on pre-made meals and going out to eat, And I was trying to see if there's any way you could give me a budget of how to get out of that debt while maybe keeping a small budget So I could keep buying pre-made meals. Okay. I'm, I'm a little bit, I I'm not an Dr. John Delony. ISS not here. So I don't know how, I don't understand how OCD keeps you from cooking your meal. Matter of fact, it ought to make you good at it. Ought to make you good at it. Like following a recipe recipe. Exactly Right. It's just like it's a contamination problem. And I have started going to therapy for it and, And I I Oh, you're worried about germs To start doing?


Yeah. Yeah. It's a germ thing. And so I'm, I'm going to therapy for it, but I, I want to start, And I know I'll get there eventually, but I want to start my debt. I want to start getting outta debt now. So my question is, is there any way I can make a budget where I can keep buying meals out or, or ordering like factor meals, stuff like that and, and start getting out of debt? Well, you know, Billy, looking at your numbers, regardless of the OCD and the meal prep, you know, whole thing I would tell you regardless of it, of all of that, your income, it's gotta go up. Right. If you have $45,000 coming in and that's before taxes and you have $35,000 in debt, there's gonna be, We need to increase your income 20 grand on a side hustle.


What, what is the 35,000 in debt? What does that, what does that consist of? Well, I have $20,000 in a car. Okay. And then I have about $12,000 in like unsecured past debt that are, that are all going to collections. Okay. And it's from a long time ago. I don't really have anything that's current besides my car. Okay. How much is your, how much is your car worth today do you think? The car car's probably worth 15,000. Okay. I owe 20 is the payoff amount. Yeah. Do you But it's a really high interest. Yeah. So it's like 36,000. Yeah. Do you, do you have any money saved Billy?


500. 500. Okay. So if I, were you, 'cause how much is your car payment a month? 500. Yeah. So I would be looking to unload this car asap. Meaning try, you're gonna have to get, you're gonna have to get some money to shore it up and you know, some cash available to buy to buy a crappy car. But that's what I would be working towards because I think when that $500 is freed up, it's gonna give you a little bit more wiggle room and what you're needing. And then in addition, as you continue to work more, be able to pay off this 12,000 in the unsecured debt that's going to collections, which if it's going to collections, you could probably settle as well.


So I think that there's way out for you. It just, the upping the income is gonna be the problem for me. It's not the pre-made meals. I mean, I think Your single guy in increasing your income and getting rid of the car are like a nine out of a scale of 10. You eating out or buying pre-packaged meals is a two on a scale of 10. Okay. On addressing, on addressing problem, I do ride sharing as well. I'm sorry, A bit a a little bit on the side. I can do ride sharing to make extra money. Okay. Alright. I, I don't care. Yeah, that's good. What whatever we can do to create some extra income, some kind of side hustle is necessary here and to begin to look long term about what we can do with your overall career track to get you moving up in income long term.


You know? So, but the good news is, I, I'll tell you, the most positive thing in the whole conversation is you recognize very clearly the problem and you're aggressively sur searching for some answers to fix the problem. You're not in denial, you're not arguing, you're just trying to figure this out. And that's the kind of people that we talk to that six months later have made dramatic wonderful changes and, and set themselves free. So I really, really feel good about where you're going because of where you're standing today, the way you, the way your eyes are focused today. Okay. And I don't know beans about this, but it's just interesting to me talking to you about the other stuff.


I want you to talk to your therapist about the possibility that You Can create a cleaner environment by cooking yourself than probably those meals we're cooked in. Okay. And kind of using that as part of a your, your therapy process because in, in listening and sitting beside Dr. John for these last several years, one of the things that some of the therapists will recommend and he does, is to actually embrace and walk straight into the fearful thing and, you know, to start to work through it. And so almost like Exposure therapy. Yeah. Exposure therapy. So th that, that's kind of what I'm thinking here, but I think there's a way, if I'm concerned about germs, and that's a fair concern by the way, I might be more worried about germs at the restaurant that prepared the meal than I would be in my own kitchen where I can control the environment.


Okay. That might be an interesting way to do some mental gymnastics with your therapist's help to begin to move that direction. But again, if you start preparing meals at home and don't go out to eat and you keep the car and you don't increase your income, you're gonna have major problems. Dude, this is your problem is the prepackaged eating out thing is not your problem. Yeah. Okay. You Can put that in the budget if you do the other two things and You Can work through it. So I'm just interested in the discussion from an exposure therapy standpoint that way, but I know nothing about it other than I know the phrase that's about it and the concept, but so, but you talk to the professionals about that in the meantime and that's meantime sell your car and get an extra job.


Yeah. Yeah. All of that exposure therapy, all that's for just your own health, Billy. Yeah. Right. I mean that's not really the, the key of getting outta debt here. We say cut out restaurants and all that. 'cause usually we're talking to a couple or people with kids and you go and drops seven, We're spend $3,000 a month on restaurants. Right? Right. And so by you getting prepackaged meals or something, like that's not gonna, that's not gonna, that's not gonna bust your budget. But this car and upping your income is big. And Billy, if you go on Ramsey Solutions dot com and just type in side hustles, we've done so many articles recently written articles about this subject because even doing some of the EveryDollar webinars that we have done, the amount of money people make is, is wild.


One lady, she's making close to a thousand dollars. You ready for this every two weeks by doing laundry for people and folding it. That's her side hustle. So she's making almost two grand a month by doing that. And you're just like, man, that's $24,000 a year. That's impressive. Impressive. And that's her side hustle. But I'm saying like, where She got like rich people, I mean, who, who does this? I Don't, but I have, I was watching her 'cause she had a video And I was like, it's like pristine. It's beautiful. So she's, it's not, oh my gosh. She's like a professional laundry folder. She Does it at night. It's like her side hustle. But she does it for people so people don't do their own laundry. Oh. So she picks up a bag, takes back everything folding on hangers, But almost a thousand dollars every two weeks is what she's making. So, So yeah.


Holy more. It's crazy. So all I have to say, Billy, there's some really creative side hustles. So you know what, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com. We Sounds like a joke, but it's not, if you're ooc d you'd be really good at that. You would fold that perfectly. That would be awesome. And I, it's a kind of funny thing, but it's also true. I think that's a good idea. That would be amazing. Yeah, that's good. I like that. You're okay Rachel, you're gonna live. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources. But so many of those same people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know. 'cause I've personally been there And I've sat with tons of hurting people over the years and a lot of them are scared to get help. Listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts their families, their workplaces, and their entire communities. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. The world is better when you are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, let's go through that fear of judgment and contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. BetterHelp has a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years experience matching people with just the right therapist. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey and they'll match you up with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, You Can switch therapists at any time. And switching is easy and it costs no extra money. Listen, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's a BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted real estate agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and you're wondering where your money's going, your first step's getting on a plan So you don't win on accident, you win with a plan that's called a budget in our world. The team is hosting a free budget trainings this month. Several of them you'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using the EveryDollar app, the world's best budgeting app. Plus You Can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. It's completely free. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Brady's in Boise. Hi Brady, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, Virgil, Thanks for taking my call. Sure, what's up? Hey, my wife And I and we've done pretty well. We've been married about a year and a half, saved up a down payment for a house. We've got about $110,000. Wow. We're really wanting to, yeah, we're really wanting to follow you guys' plan with a 15 year mortgage. But the average house price here, just based off our incomes, we're gonna be a little bit over that 25% mark on a 15 year. And I heard George mention it on a episode the other day where he said it's kind of a guideline and just kind of give you context.


We spend about six to $7,000 a month. Our total salaries is 210, but our total take home was 2 75 last year. And just kind of what we're looking at, I'm, I'm trying to determine if that 25% mark is flexible and Yeah, we, we save about five to 6,000 a month and that's with rent of about 25. What will, what will it be at what percentage? The interest rate or or what, what is the Percentage? No, what percentage of your take home pay, not counting 401k and not counting health insurance coming outta your check. Is it 27 your after tax income?


What percentage of that is your payment gonna be? That's where we're looking at like 37% right now. Bull crap. That's dumber than a rock. No, that's not, that's not a guideline. That's running your car through a wall. Yeah, it's not even closed. I Think I was, I think I was actually on the show with George when we were talking about this 'cause we, I think we were talking to somebody And I remember he was moving actually looking in Williamson County. I, this is the same call Brady. I don't know if it was. And he was right at like 26.2% or something. Yeah. And that's when we Were like that. I'm not gonna gripe about that. That's 37%. Dude, you're gonna, you're not gonna, you're gonna be house poor, you're gonna be strapped, you're not gonna be able to breathe. So, okay.


Boise is not double the national average. You're looking in a neighborhood you can't afford. Dude, the median didn the median house price in America today is 431,000. Boise would be pretty close to right up the middle of that. So the median house price in that area is a half million dollars. And you're looking at a million dollar property. We're looking at five 50 total. Monthly payment is $4,000 a month with 110 down.


I'm doing something wrong. Wait a minute. There's something wrong with this formula. Okay, so $275,000 and so, so that's $20,000 a month take home pay. Right. Our take homes, I just based off salary, that's what my wife And I decided was 210,000 Salary. Okay. So you, you don't get to decide it's your income. What if, what if you were, what if you were on straight commission and you made 400,000 but I wanna base it off my salary. Well then you'd be living in a teepee. So no, we look at our income, dude. Is your not, is your income not stable?


No, income's pretty stable as far As, okay, So you have a 275,000 income No, he said two 10. No, He said two 10 plus bonuses. 2 75. Oh Oh, okay. That's his income. So that's a $20,000 a month take home pay, which is a, a $5,000 a month payment that You Can afford on 15 year fixed. Right. Am I doing this wrong? Yeah, no, I I I think I was doing my math wrong then. Dave was, I was looking at our 2, 2 10 and yeah, netting out our, our giving and obviously Your giving your giving's not one of the things And retirement as well, but add that back in. Yeah. So it's before it's really just after taxes. So insurance after tax income. Yeah. Yeah. Monthly divided by four.


Giving you a 25% on a 15 year fixed and 15 year fixed this week or fi or 5.9 And I, And I will say, or 5.9% The phrasing take home pay can be confusing 'cause you're thinking what hits your account and already insurance 401k, you know, all of that's taken out before it hits your account. So quote unquote take home pay just means after tax. Yeah. That's the Yeah. Misnomer here. But point being is that you, if it's, So I think that's gonna, when you rework the numbers with those two different things Should come from a surgery Changes, I think you're gonna be real close. Okay. Yeah. It sounds like we were just way being way too conservative A accidentally because you were taking out 401k and other stuff and then on purpose on the two 10 versus the 2 75.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. We were, yeah. So You you have more wiggle room. Yeah. So I mean, and and So what, what we're the purpose of the whole discussion though is this, don't get yourself, all of you out there in America in a position where you're, what we call house poor, that by the time you pay your house payment and you buy food, you're broke. Which means everything that comes up in your life is probably gonna turn into new debt unless you're very strong. 'cause you're not saving for car replacement, you're not saving for the next couch, you're not saving for Christmas, you're not saving for vacation. And all these things turn into new debt because you've got no margin in your monthly budget. 'cause you spend it all on your stinking house when you put yourself in a corner and, and make yourself house poor is what we're trying to prevent for you because it's not a sustainable thing.


You can't sustain that for 10 years. So you call me up and you, you know, of your take home pay after taxes. You got 40 or 37% going to your house payment. You're not gonna be able to survive doing that. That's gonna come back and bite you in the butt because you set yourself up to be house poor because that's a, that's a lot of money. And, and there's, you took away all the margin to do other stuff that you are going to do and then it's gonna end up being new debt or it's gonna end up being a strain or it's gonna end up, you know, we don't, we don't keep up with maintenance. We don't 'cause we're outta money all the time. And what we're, it's all we're trying to prevent is for the sake for of a house.


There's no, we don't have any pride in the actual 25% number. It's just a math thing. You need some, what we call what economists call disposable income after you pay your house payment so that You Can do other stuff in life. Yes. And that that's what, that's all we're trying to get to here. Yeah. And so yeah, Brady, I think you're okay when you get down into this and you unpack this 'cause I, I done, I I was doing it quick in my head, but I I think, I think you're pretty close and you're probably gonna be fine, but let's just talk through it and, and the, the, the, the overarch arching principle is not 25 versus 26%. Right. To George's point of it being a right quote unquote guideline.


But the, our overarching principle is don't get yourself in a position where you can't breathe because you got house fever and instead of taking a cold shower, you went and bought something and you, you paint yourself in the corner, the proverbial you get wet paint on your feet 'cause you're stuck in the corner and everything's wet. You, you just paint. You created a life that you is not sustainable without creating a mess. Yeah. And we, And we always go back to this principle idea, the whole reason for all of this, right? The whole the whole reason of being wise with your money, of taking control, of budgeting, having smart percentages with where you're allocating things. It's to create peace. That money is one place in our lives that can create so much chaos.


And we're trying to avoid that. How can we let this part of our lives, our money, have peace in our lives and it not be this stress point? And so always remember that when you're looking at buying big things, you know, whether it's a new car or a house, is this gonna create peace for us or is this gonna create more stress and anxiety? And that's what we're trying to avoid. So that's again, the heart behind it. But always remember that we're looking for peace. We want peace in life. We don't wanna be stressed and full of anxiety. Yeah. So how do we do that with our money? That's good. That's good. And Dr. John talks about that and you know, the, the redefining anxiety, you know, solve for peace. Yes. Solve for peace. And that's what we're doing with. And if it means we're solving for peace. Yeah. And if Brady's numbers were more like what we were talking about at the beginning as we were wrong, then drive 20 more minutes to go get a house to keep peace.


Yeah. Like, you know what I mean? Like whatever that means that you have to do it is, it is worth it. It is worth it for your soul as a human in this life to have that peace. It is worth it.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So You Can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses, download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


Are you staying on track with the baby steps? If you wanna take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan, head to the show notes, click the link titled Are you On Track with the Baby Steps, complete the free quiz and we'll help you get a personalized plan and get you going. Jessica is in Lancaster. Hi Lancaster. Hi. Hey Jessica. What's up? I was just wondering how do you blend finances or how do you do finances with a blended family, especially when you don't have children together? Short backstory, he has two kids from previous marriage and 50 50 custody. I have one and have sole custody and trying to figure out finances.


Hmm. Okay. And so those are all, all three minors. Yes. Otherwise custody doesn't come up obviously. Okay. Correct. Yes. And how old are the babies? 12, 10 and seven. Okay. And is there child support payments on either end that paying out or coming in? Yes. So he pays about 400 in child support And I receive, And I have sole custody. I receive about a hundred monthly each of us monthly. Okay. Okay. I'm not struggling financially, I don't think, I don't think there's any difference.


I think you have three kids to raise and you just, you just run your household and both of you love three children because you love each other. And I get so you're gonna love each other's children. Right. And I get, for me it was like financial security for mine since their, their mom works too. So they have financial support on both ends. And I think I got stuck 'cause I was like, I am the only one financially in a sense responsible for mine. No, not now. 'cause you married a man who's spon who, who took on the responsibility of you and this child. Not legally, maybe there probably wasn't an adoption, but, but if, if, if I'm that husband And I marry you, that child, I'm, I'm, I'm bound to take care of them just like I'm bound to take care of my two.


That's what he, that's what he took on. I think, I think from a social standpoint, a relational standpoint, that's the proper thing. And you don't have Cinderella, we don't have one kid that gets more child support than the other two and so they get more or less money or something like, oh, you don't get as much child support So you have to wear the worn out tennis shoes. You know? No, we're not doing that. Right. You know, we all get the same stuff. We all Go to the same trips, we all Go to the same restaurants, we all Go to the same schools. You know, the ones that we can afford, you know, in all cases. Right. As a, as a family unit. And I, I think that's the most healthy way to treat this. And it's, it's, And I wonder too, Jessica, I mean I don't have a blended family So I don't know, but I would even think though that his kids that have 50 50 custody, you know, you guys will be paying half really for them expenses wise Right.


When they're with you half the month. Right. You have them but then the other half you don't have them so you're not paying when they're not there. Right. For eating and all that kind of stuff too. So It's gonna work out, but I mean you just have a grocery budget for this family that has two part-time kids and one full-time kid. Right. You know? Yeah. And that's how I would look at it mathematically. Is There anything specific Jessica, that y'all keep running into? Or is it just more conceptually like you just a conceptual question? I guess a little of both. 'cause like right now we have, I have a checking account and he has a checking account and then we have a joint shared account that we pay all the bills out of and he wanted everything to go into that account. And I was like, well I kind of, again, part of this was just already having the checking account in existence, wanted to maintain it 'cause that's where I pay like my car out of and such things.


And I think for maybe ease, he wanted everything into one and then they, Well and he, he now took on your car, he took on you, your car, your kid you took on his two kids. He, you took on whatever, good and bad. He took on for better for worse in sickness and in health. And the old book of common prayer v marriage vows said unto thee all my worldly goods I pledge and in other words we're all in. And that, that was the viewpoint on that. It doesn't sound like either one of you have existing e extreme wealth or, and one then the other one doesn't. It, it sounds like both of you just have, you got some, you got some scars from how you got here and it makes you a little bit, a little bit tender on, on wanting to maintain some Sure.


Some individuality so to speak. Right. Yeah, no, that makes Sense. Yeah. And I, I but I think you, it's gonna Do y'all do, do y'all do a budget together, Jessica, with both incomes? I'm just curious. We had like a rough estimate but we're still trying to like, Okay. Find, you know, you know, you know what an interesting exercise for you guys would be, it's kind of a nerdy one. So like have a glass of wine and enjoy it because this is, it's number heavy. But sit down and just say, okay, what if we took this philosophy, not just tactically we're sharing one account, like what he's saying, but even emotionally and like let's put all the expenses, right? You said, well I pay for my car over here, put it in the middle, put it, everything goes in the middle of the pot and let's do a budget with both incomes in there, both sets of kids like all of it, right?


Both of us have a vote. Yeah. Both of us have full transparency And let's, and let's create that budget, see what that looks like monthly and then Jessica, I mean honestly. And then dream a little and just say, hey, in five years, in 2030, how old will the kids be? What do we want our life to look like and what are some fun goals and how could we get there together? And and and again, mathematically looking at the numbers of it start just like running some rough estimates and numbers because I think it's more exciting and you may find it exciting, hopefully you do of when you actually see some stuff, you know, being put together and you're like, oh, we can get ahead so much faster when we like, when we really do tactically work together. But then emotionally, like there's something about it that's so uniting.


And again, I understand the second marriages, there's some hesitation with this for a lot of people. But that's what that, what that requires so requires is there's is really a sensitivity to that. And that sensitivity is answered by extreme amounts of communication. Yes. And extreme amounts of both of you have a vote Yes on purchases. Both of you have a vote on the monthly budget and both of you speak up. Yes, Yes. And and as long as your voice counts and you and you have full transparency, then, then that's a way to touch to, to deal with that sensitive issue. A a weird thing is in our life we don't have that, Sharon And I don't, but having gone broke, I'll tell you what a sensitive issue at our is at our house, the emergency fund, if I even walked near the drawer, if I even walked near the drawer where the emergency fund is, she comes out of her with claws.


She can't because it's a sensitive thing. 'cause we were broke and she was terrified. Or if you wanna go buy something big and she's like, how much is in the account? Like, you know, just double checking. Double Checking. Exactly. Yeah. And So, you know, but, and So what we're do is we offset that sensitive thing by having an emergency fund for the emergency fund at our house. So you don't, most people don't need to do that. Okay. But because we got that scar here, we have to figure that out. So we kind of pat around that and that's fine. So Yeah. And So you work around it and for you guys, you just say, Hey, because we both come into this And we had bad experiences before, we have to be super diligent about our communication and our transparency and both of us having a voice. Yes. And you both coming from similar situations.


Maybe the cause of it is different, but that, that is built in empathy, right? You're both coming from situations. So that's, that's the positive where we talked to some people and you know, they marry someone who was divorced and they don't trust them now, you know, it's like this whole thing. So yeah, you Can't transfer That. Hopefully there's some of that empathy, but I really would just sit down together and you guys just, that's good. Just, just put it all in one pile. 'cause there's just something about it that I think can be very energizing where a lot of people feel a lot of fear around that and like a lot of caution, which is understandable. But once you just pretend you're like, I'm not, we're not really doing it right now. Let's just pretend and have fun and like take out a sheet paper and just start figuring this out. Like there's something about it that is really uniting and You Can see how fast you guys can move together.


And that's the other big thing couples miss out on. That's one of the biggest arguments is we feel like, well we just have separate accounts completely and, And you lose the synergy. Yeah. There's just something that's like, you're just gonna certain go at a certain pace your whole life financially with that mindset. And so there's something really powerful about it. But I think it's a fair question And we get Yeah, I mean the blended family thing is real. And even, you know, if there's people coming in with, I know we've got, we got a question, I don't know, it's probably been a few weeks, but, you know, she came into the marriage with a lot of land from her family and she, you know, she like, if she's like, if something happens to this second marriage, they get the land that his kid, I dunno, like there's, there's just some, there can be some complex even estate planning stuff when this occurs, but it doesn't sound like you're there, Jessica, but just those are real problems.


So if you guys have 'em, we, we see that and hear that. Amen. Amen. This is The Ramsey Show. Go call every customer you, Hey, what are you still doing here?


You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You Can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now truck. So don't make it weird situation. Okay? I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. Down Truck. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do.