
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour From the Ramsey Network. Abbot's The Ramsey Show where we help people do work that they love, build wealth, and create amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Rachel Cruz. We're taking your calls all hour long talking about your life, your money.


It's a live show. So call in. We wanna hear your calls and we'll get started. Rachel Gonna be great. Let's get into it. All Right, we've got Emily from New York City, New York. What's going on Emily? Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I'm mainly calling because we, my husband and I feel like we make pretty good money, especially for where we live, and we're in a lot of debt, mostly from him going to dental school. And I would love to be a stay at home mom. We had to be over the summer. I would just love to not have to work and just be home with her all day. Hmm. But I just don't feel like that's like the right decision financially until we get out of debt. So I guess I'm just calling to see if that's even feasible for me to do, or kind of your thoughts on that.


I mean, it might be, let's, let's run the numbers out. So you said your husband has got, it's, it's a dentist. Is that what he is? Yeah, Dental debt. So how much debt is there? Like around 350,000. Okay. Ooh. And what's his salary now that he's working? He makes like two 50 and up. Okay. It depends. And Emily, will that change significantly year, year by year? Do you, do you guys see that growing or do you think it's gonna be pretty consistent for the next couple years? I mean, if he owns his own practice, then yeah, it would go up significantly. But then we're taking on more debt up For practice. Sure.


Yeah. So it just depends, I guess. What were you making when you were working before the baby? So I'm still working actually. Oh, okay. I just, I would like to stay home. Gotcha. But I'm still working. I make around one 15. One 15. Okay. Is there any other debt besides the three 50 in school debt to talk about? No. Really That I don't have any other No cars? Yeah, we don't have any like, no. The car, I mean, we have like a little bit left on the car, but like, I mean, we could really pay it down like today, I guess. How, how much is a little bit Like less than 10,000. Okay. And then no credit cards, nothing like that? No, nothing else. It's mostly the student loans.


What, what savings do you guys have? Emily? We have like 50,000 in an emergency fund. Okay. And then we're also, we're renting right now, so we're trying to save up for a house. So I just feel like we're doing like maybe too much at once where we're like, Yeah. Is the 50,000 with, is the 50,000 saving for the house too? Or is that quote unquote just the emergency fund? Yeah, that's just the emergency fund that How Much is, how much is for the house? We have maybe like between 15 and 20 towards the house. Towards the house. Okay. And for New York, are you guys like Manhattan? Where are you guys close? Like in the suburbs. Okay. Yeah. Outside, how much are your operating expenses every month with rent and everything?


How much does it take to run your household? Sorry, I have the number right here. I mean, with, with everything I feel like we're, like, with savings and everything, we're like right on what we bring in a month. 'cause we do try to put like money towards savings. Towards, Yeah. If there wasn't savings, what is it just for like food rent, like all your, just, just to keep things afloat, I guess. Yeah. I guess between like five and 6,000. Okay. Like if we're cutting back on a lot of things. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, totally. Yeah. Like bare bones would be six. So you're putting aside for savings down payment savings, are you also investing right now?


We both put 6% into our 401k. Okay. That's matched by our companies. Okay. So I think I understand why you're feeling like you're doing a lot because you are, and I, they're all good things. Yeah. Like none of this is, they're not quote unquote bad decisions. I mean, it's great to save, it's great to think about investing, but I think that you're feeling this because when you do a lot of good things at once and in the wrong order, it can feel like, oh my gosh, I'm just trying to fight for my life here. Yeah. So what we would teach is, the good news is you've got savings, you've got money here, and you've got a great income. It's just how can we do this in the right order to where we're really making progress and we feel good about how our money feels month to month. So I would say, here's the caveat for all of this.


You're pregnant and you're getting ready to have a baby. So I would No, you just had a baby. No, we Have the baby. You just had the Baby. Yeah. She's had it this summer. Oh, Lordy, lordy. Okay. Great, great, great. Okay. So forget what I just said and I, I would tackle it like this. I'd say, okay, if we really want to get ahead, how can we get as much money in our month to month budget as possible? Right? That's, that's what I'm solving for. And so I would say temporarily, let's pause retirement contributions, let's get that 6% of our entire income back into our pocket and let's pause saving for a down payment just temporarily. So now we have the full force of our income working for us and we can quickly pay off this debt.


Right. Right. Now you guys are making the amount of your debt and so that gives you a two, you know, if you live on half, yeah, you're done in two years. Can I, yeah, I mean, that's what I was gonna say, Emily, like running the numbers. Let's just say in a dream world, you put what you were saving for your house and your emergency fund, and you did the classic RAMSEY baby steps. So you went down to a thousand dollars, you put everything that means you guys would owe two 80. And if you worked for one more year and you guys lived on, On one income On $80,000 because you said we she you said it would, it would be terrible. But we could live on 6,000 like with everything. And that's the bare bones. Rice and beans. Beans and rice. The lowest. I mean, when you do that, yeah. You're gonna need, you know, 70,000 ish.


And if you guys are making 400 right now. Yeah. Did you say you're making one 15 or one 50? One 15, yeah. 1, 1 15. Okay. Yeah. Between like three 50 and 400 I guess. So Really just living on your income would would do This in a year, almost in a year. Emily, you guys could do this Now what That's gonna, what the, what the weird mental shift is. These other things you've been saving for having the safety net of this big emergency fund and this dream of home ownership soon here. You know, that like you start back to square one when you do this, but that gives you the option then for you to be home, right. That this debt is paid. And then now we're slowly gonna work back to our goals, but we can do this in more of a, you know, strong financial foundation or let's just dream that maybe you worked one more year.


I don't know. Yeah. And you guys put way another a hundred thousand Yeah. To jumpstart back. I Know. Like I feel like I can't, like I feel like I can't not work until like we're in a home, like our own home and not renting. I mean That, that's, That's up to you. That's your Prerogative. I mean, I think what Rachel and I are outlining what what she just outlined is the fastest possible way. The fastest possible way. Yeah. Is you continuing to work, you live on your one salary and you plow through this. Another option is you're like, listen Jade, I've got this little baby I wanna be home. Now if you do that route, then it's only your husband's income. Yeah. It's gonna double the amount of time it's gonna take you to get out of debt, which you're still not far beyond that parameter of the one and a half to two years if you really double down and really get on a tight budget on that.


Yeah. So you've got options, but as long as you know, hey, this is what we're doing. We're paying off the debt first and pausing all savings and retirement to do that, then after that we're saving up. And for you guys, I think you'll already be set up to do this, but you're making sure that you buy that house based on the one income that you're gonna be living off. So based off of the 250,000, I wouldn't base it on. That's right. What he might make in the future, because you really don't know. And the worst thing to do would to be to get more house than you can pay for. And then it feels like a burden. Right? So I think if you're making those decisions, you're gonna be okay. Yeah. And I think too, Emily, it's one of these like, it, it's, it's a values conversation, right? I mean, you can say, you know, we value right now me being home and it's where I wanna be.


And if that's what you and your husband agree with from like a lifestyle perspective and that, and your family decides that, that's great. That's what you guys have decided. Now run the math on that. And if that starts to feel too long, like, like you can't breathe and that you're gonna be home, but you're gonna be stressed out because you guys are living on nothing for four years where you're like, okay, I could just do one more year. Get out of this debt. You know what I mean? Like, it, it's a, it's an either or game. But for me, just like now, when the baby's little, in my opinion, I'm like, do it now so that you are home. That that's true when they're 4, 5, 6. And when They remember full all of it. Yes. When they remember. Ooh, I love it. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or recession business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


All Right, back to the phone lines we go. Taking calls about your life and your money. Another call from New York City, New York. We've got Jasmine on the line. What's up Jasmine? Hi, how are you Doing Great. How can we help? So I'm in a bit of a pickle. I'm having trouble trying to find out what's the best financial decision. I made the mistake of putting an my sister's car in my name. She needed help. I tried to co-sign for her. The dealership denied her and they only approved me. She promised me if I put the car in my name that she would make all future payments. Long story short, we got her dispute. She refused to refinance.


She went and bought herself a new car. And that's with a $22,000 loan debt. Oh. Oh no, Jasmine, she kind of did it outta spite is What it sounds like. Oh no she didn't. Oh my gosh. Okay Man. She thinks it's very funny. My, I already have a debt on my car, which I owe $6,000 on. I'm currently pregnant with my third child. Oh my Jasmine. So my question is, is should I sell both cars and just finance a new car or should I just sell her car and just pay the difference? Which would be $8,000? It's upside down 8,000. So the market price for her car, she has a 2020 Toyota Corolla. The market price for her car is 14.


And because I owe 22, once I sell it, I would have to pay $8,000. What, go ahead. Did you Kelly Blue book it for an individual seller by chance? Yes. And that would only be 15. So I would still be at seven. Like seven salary? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're still underwater. Okay. I just didn't know. Sometimes you can get a couple thousand dollars more for individual. What about Your own car you owe 6,000. What's it worth? Is that one upside down? And what did it begin? As? I started with this car of 15, I took out a six year loan. So I owed 6,000 on this car, catty blue book, put it for seven. I had a dealership call me and say, hey, they gimme eight for it. Okay. So, I mean, that's a plus.


But I would still have to pay roll over, you know, her car if I get a new car. So either way I wouldn't be before both situations. Okay. I, I'm more inclined to keep the car that you have possibly. Let's find out more about your income. Tell us about your income, tell us about your other debts So we can get a fuller picture here. So I make 47,000 a year. Very little money is not that much. I am currently renting, so my rent is only 15. I have $10,000 in credit card debt already. And she put $418 of epass tickets in my name that I also have to pay for.


You can't, you said Epass tickets, is that something you can dispute? Yes. As fraud? No, I can't dispute it because she was driving the car and the police is in my name. Ah, got you. Okay. So tolls not like part I got it. Tolls. Okay. Oh my, your sister. Can I just ask a que, this is neither here nor there, but did you know that she was Capable as Yeah. Shifty from the beginning? Did you know that or are you just learning this about her? I'm just learning this about her. Nobody in my family would help her and I felt really bad for her 'cause she's in a bad situation. And financially during that time I didn't have any debt and all I had was my car. So I said, Hey, I don't mind helping you as long as you pay.


But now I'm, I'm stuck with this debt. I wonder if, so my first thought is, yeah, definitely gotta get out of the car Note the 20 2001, it's not a, it's not a car that you need and it could be worth saying, okay, like I'll get a personal loan for the difference so I can offload the vehicle that way I'm not paying the full payment on a $22,000 car. I'm just paying a payment on the $8,000 loan to get out of it. And then maybe keeping the loan that you have for your car, obviously it would be first on your debt snowball. Right? So you pay off your $7,000 car. Now what is your, what is your car payment? My car payment is 3 36 Okay. A month. And hers was 500 a month.


Okay. So once you pay off your car, that'll free up $336 a month. And the hope, here's my hope, I don't know if it's worth your time or effort, but my hope is that while you're paying off your $7,000 or your $6,000 loan, you can be telling her, Hey, I sold this car and it's now just an $8,000 loan. You really do owe this and you should be paying it. And maybe you guys can start having that conversation and I try to collect whatever I can from her. I'd be like, listen, hit me with half, hit me with anything. But you've really put me in a tough situation. I've got children, I've got another child on the way. I need help with this. And truly you're on the hook to help me. Really? You should be paying it, but I take whatever I can get.


Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. And so by the time that one comes up in your debt snowball, hopefully you've got, hopefully something from her. And if you don't, you just continue to plow through it because it's on your name. Yeah, It's def Yes. But the thing is she thinks it's funny. So she says that nothing's in writing and can't take to to court for it. And she just went and got a new car. She's not Even trying pay insurance mean. Yeah, that's the, that's the dangerous thing. Trying To pay insurance. Yeah. And so why, what like, I, again, we can't like sit here and like psychoanalyze your sister, but Yeah, but you keep saying that she thinks it's funny and all of that. How old is she? She is 23. Okay. I'm 26. Okay. And and she understands the severity of the, like she, she understands what's going on In her text message.


It's, it's, it's not her problem. It's my problem. Wow. Okay. So it's just, it's really a character integrity issue. I know and Jasmine, we, we call this around here stupid tax where there's just things that we pay, it's gonna end up being 8,000 for you after you sell the car. And for the difference of Just, but I don't have the money right now, so I would end up being paying $500 a month on top of my car note. That's why I decided on it. Well see if you can get, see you can get a personal loan for the difference for 8,000 or like go down to the credit union. I don't care where where you do it, I just care that you get, I'd rather you owe 8,000 than 20 than 22,000. Even if it's a slightly higher interest rate. I'm still, I still care about that because yeah, you're gonna be able to, it's gonna free up a little bit more money and you're gonna be able to clip through your $6,000 car note faster by lowering that amount of debt, therefore the payment on it.


So I still don't get a new car. Don't try to have it roll over anything. No, No, no, no, no. Because your A, you'd be rolling over negative equity and B, you're not solving the problem at the root, which is the debt. The debt is the problem. Whether it was debt from, like Rachel said, stupid tax or debt from your own car or your own credit cards, debt is still the problem. And we don't wanna, you can't solve a problem while simultaneously creating it. So you've gotta, you know, put a, a full stop on debt. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, so keeping your card, Jasmine, and then your goal is for the debt snowball, you're gonna pay off your debts smallest to largest. So even with the credit cards, which we didn't really talk about in here, but you know, listing those out, if it's, if it's three or four cards and one is $2,000 balance one's 4,000, whatever it is.


So let's just pretend that the car sold a $22,000 car and you now have an $8,000 loan. So you have an $8,000 car loan or a personal loan 'cause of the car, your $6,000 car loan. And then list out your credit cards all separately and then sit there and just say, okay, smallest debt to largest debt and you're gonna pay minimum payments on everything and pay the smallest one off first. And again, even if it's the, even if one of the credit cards is a $1,200 credit card, pay that one off first and then you're gonna go down the line because that's how you're gonna get the most effective use of your money. Once that's freed up, that credit card is paid off. Frees up some, you know, a couple hundred bucks a month to roll over to the second smallest debt and you just keep that going.


And God, Jasmine, I'm so sorry, but for everyone listening Yeah. This is why you don't co-sign. This is why, because the bank looked at the CI and said, we don't trust, we don't That's right. We don't trust you. You can't make No, they said you won't be able to make the payments And if a bank won't give you money, who gives money to dogs? They like send dogs credit cards in the mail. Banks will give any money to anybody. So if they don't wanna give money to Somebody, right. That's the massive, that's the biggest red flag that is possible. Like a bank will not lend someone money. Yeah. That means they're not good with money. They do not have the money to pay it. So, and You're not willing to take the risk. Oh yes. So do not take it. People learn from Jasmine. So Jasmine, I'm so sorry and not to throw another little like element into this whole situation, but she did say she's expecting.


I know. And So we usually go in stork mode if we, if you know, are pregnant. So Jasmine, I mean honestly you may even wanna pause all of this. Go ahead and do the debt snowball, list everything out so you know what Your, yes. So we can see it So you know what your plan is. But honestly I would be just stocking savings for right now. If you can get rid of the car, that would be one thing I would do. I would take out that 8,000 personal loan and get rid of the car. But you also wanna stockpile some cash until baby's here and you're, and you're okay. Everyone's okay. Yeah. And then whatever money you've had saved during this time, press play. Hopefully that'll pay off a couple of those smallest debts. That's right. As you're saving. But I'm sorry Jasmine, best of Luck. I hate that your sister did this. Listen, I'd put her in a headlock. You can do that when your siblings, you, you can rust 'em when they don't act right.


This is The Ramsey Show.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi are you defaulted on a private student loan with payments that are dragging you down. Y refi could help you save thousands of dollars. Visit y refi.com/ RAMSEY to see how they can help. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. Hey, it may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Lucia in Arizona. She says, I have two young Hispanic daughters under the age of five. And it's a tradition in our culture to have a celebration when a woman becomes 15. The average cost for this event in America right now is between five and $20,000. Woo. How can I save for this while keeping up with inflation? I can't imagine how it's gonna, what's gonna cost when they're 15? Wow Man. The quinceanera, the Quin Sierra. Sweet 16, sweet 15. Yep. Yep. What do you think, Rachel? I mean, Well, I mean the range is what you're talking about here. That I would have the same mindset as a wedding. That you can go as expensive as you want, you can go as inexpensive as you want.


And a lot of that is dictated by the emotions and the expectations of the person involved. Okay. Your 15-year-old or AK the bride. Yeah. And I, and so I think there's a lot there. As a parent you have more control over than a wedding. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And so I think you tell the 15-year-old, here's what we have saved and it's a part of your tradition. So you're gonna know we're gonna save for this. Right. So be putting money aside for it and when the time comes, I mean, I wouldn't worry about inflation and all of that. No. 'cause we can't control it. But just save what you can and what you have at that time is what you have to spend. But no, I would not be going into debt for it. I wouldn't even be honestly stressing over it either. You know, I would have a plan for it and then let it be as it is.


And the 15-year-old doesn't get to dictate the decisions either. True. So, Yeah. Yeah. I'm also filtering it Rachel, I'm also thinking, okay, two girls, which means two weddings coming up. Yes. And possibly two college educations coming up. So I, I feel like I would filter it a little bit through knowing what else is coming. So unless you guys really have a wonderful income, I mean, in five years, less than five years are gonna be gonna college too. Yeah. And then maybe in less than five years I'm gonna be getting married. So there's part of me that's like, All Right, I wanna be really realistic to make sure we have temper make Yeah. That we're able to save for all of that. And good luck.


Godspeed. Godspeed. But you have control over the expenses in that. So you get to make it as fancy or as not. But yeah, don't I, I wouldn't let the cultural pressure, right. Because I know this is a bigger deal than like a sweet six two And I get that. Yeah. It's like rite of passage. Yeah, it is. It's a big deal. So you wanna celebrate and honor that, but yet we're not gonna be stupid about it. That's right. When it comes to the cost and we're gonna be wise because that's a bigger gift to them than this one night kind of celebration. Right. So, And invite a lot of people so they get a lot of gifts and there you go. She gets a lot of money back. There. You go. Put in then Put in the college fund. That's Good. Put in the college fund. All Right. Kaylee is in Phoenix, Arizona.


What's going on Kaylee? Hi guys, can you hear me okay? We can. Awesome. It's such an honor to get to speak with you guys. I'm kind of new to the baby steps. I became debt free about two years ago, my net. Congratulations. My is Thank you. Yeah, my net worth is currently at 44,000. But my problem is I really wanna go back to school to get my master's and I'm not sure if I should continue maxing out my retirement accounts each year or if I should just start saving now and not max out my retirement accounts, but use all of my savings as much as I can to front as much of my school cost as possible.


Oh, okay. So how much is the school gonna cost? How long is the program and everything? So my, Yeah, so my prerequisites are gonna be around 13,000 and then the program will be around 29,000. Okay. And then plus living costs. Okay. And what are you getting your master's in? I wanna get it in nutrition. Hmm, okay. What will you do with it? I want to work as a registered dietician. I'm not sure like the specific job that I want, I know what the entry level costs or the entry level pay is for these jobs. But I am interested in like any aspect of the field, whether it's like consultation, research, private practice or anything like that.


The range is around like starting out 80 to 90,000. Okay. Okay. And you've talked to people in this industry, right? And, and a master's is a requirement. Would you say, is that a barrier to entry to even get in and apply to some of these places? Or is it just look nice on the resume? It is a requirement in order to hold the dietician license. Okay. Okay. Cool. And you're making, what now did you say? Right now I make 61 a Year. Oh good. Okay. And what do you have in savings that's not retirement Currently in my high yield savings I have 17,000.


Okay. Okay. So your question is, should I stop maxing out retirement and use that extra to put towards paying for the schooling? Right. That's the question. Exactly. My question is, can you do it without doing that? Have you run the numbers? Is it possible or is that the unlock here? Like do you mean can I do it while still maxing out my retirement accounts? Yeah. Or, or what is, I guess what is that stop where you say, here's at the point where I need some of this cash. Can you still invest, you know, up to your match or can you still, is there any point that you can do a little bit of investing and also save for this?


If I wanted to not take out any student loans whatsoever, I, I wouldn't be able to invest anything from this point moving forward into retirement accounts. Okay. And which would be for how long? Four years? It would be about two and a half years. Okay. Yeah, I mean honestly Kaylee, I probably would, I would pause. I mean it's a short, it's a short time. You already have some in there, which is great. So that'll continue to grow. And I wouldn't, I would take student loans off the table if I were you not an option. Yeah. The like take it off as not even an option. So now going forward, how can I go to school and get my master's debt free?


So it's that seventeen's gonna help with the pre-reqs And so, which I mean what you could do and, and people do it all the time, it's a lot. But people work full time. They sure do. And go to school and you know, if you can keep your job and cash flow your way, I mean Kaylee, that would be incredible because at the end of it, you have no debt, you're starting off, you get to switch jobs, you'll be making 80, which is a $20,000 bump. Yeah. Good at the low end. And you start retirement funding there and you're off to the races versus saying, oh, I'm going to just pretend that you go, you know, $43,000 in debt, you come out and you're making 80,000, well that's, that's half of your income already in debt.


So it's gonna take you probably three years to get back. So yeah, it's kind of this like there's a big give and take here. So the sacrifice on the front end, which is gonna be a lot school and working, but cash flowing your way. Even pausing retirement for two years and then getting that degree and then I would press play on retirement and and go on. So that's what I would do. But I, I would agree, I would mentally, it's a mind shift thing but you have to mentally take debt off the table and then see what your options are. 'cause when it plays it's the easy route. It's easier just to sign your name right now. It Feels easier. Yeah, It feels easier. And then on the back end it's so many more years climbing out of it financially and, and that's more time missing out on retirement, right? I mean like all of it. 'cause you're been pausing for more years than two to pay this off. Yeah.


So, And I mean I feel like it puts a salty taste in your mouth about the thing that you love doing. Right. You go to get this degree in nutrition 'cause you're like, I love nutrition, I love helping people. And then with this debt attached to it, now you kind of feel that every time you go to work, every paycheck is going towards that. And so I feel like it kind of taints that whole, the process passion part of it. Yeah. All Right. Very good call. Thank you for the call. Thank you for the question. Yeah, I hope that helps, helps. Bailey, let's go to Ariel. I like that name. Ariel in Washington DC What's up Ariel? Hello. Thanks for having me. I'm calling to get your advice on whether or not I should cancel an upcoming family vacation based on some issues that I've been having.


I was laid off right before Thanksgiving and just trying to figure out what the right, right responsible thing to do is. Okay. There we go. I'm gonna hold you over. I took your call with not much time left on the clock. So do you mind holding for me? Not A problem. Alright, I'll see you after the break. Sorry about that. I was looking and I thought happens all the time. We've got plenty of time. That Was a lot. Well you know what? Spring breaks Coming up. So a vacation call, that's gonna be a good one. Yeah, that's gonna be a good one. Yeah.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust 'em. And That's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's Right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


If you have a simple tax situation, let's say you haven't had any major life changes, you haven't had any big investments, then you should check out Ramsey Smart Tax. This is a tax software that Dave RAMSEY approves of I approve of the RAMSEY team approves of I Approve of it. Yeah. And it's because we trust it. Okay. It helps us make sure that we get every penny that the government owes us. Okay. Like Rihanna said, pay me like you owe me. Don't act like you forgot. Right. Okay. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate tax software that saves you up to 80% compared to other popular softwares in the industry. I'm not naming names, but it is powered by Tax Slayer, a company who's been in the tax industry for 50 years. Okay. So you can trust it, but we've doctored it up the RAMSEY way to help you file Right. And keep you on the path towards Financial Peace. So filing early means getting the best deals and getting tax stress off of your shoulders. So even if you don't have all your documents yet, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and get started. That's what you need in your life. That's the only one I'd use. Amen? Oh yeah, for sure.


All Right, so just before the break I picked up Ariel, she's in Washington DC and she's got a great question about vacation. What's going on, Ariel? Sure. So I was calling to see and get your advice on whether I should cancel an upcoming vacation or if I should keep it based on my circumstances. Ooh, tell us more. Was there like a down payment? Will you lose money? Yeah, so I have to cancel the next couple of weeks or we don't get our money back. But I was laid off right before Thanksgiving and I'm still trying to find a job, but just trying to figure out what the responsible thing to do is. Yeah. How much are you, how much are you in on it? And how much will you lose if you cancel it? And So the trip is about 3,500 and we'd probably lose about 2,500.


Oh man. Oh gosh. And that's even if you cancel in the next couple of weeks? Yes. You will still lose that. That's what you're gonna lose. Yes. Okay. So you're a thousand dollars basically out of pocket. It's 2,500 out of pocket. 25 Outta but, but a thousand dollars would be added to go out of pocket. Sorry, is what I mean. Okay. Yes, yes. And are you, are you married? Is there a dual income situation in the home? I am, yes. And he's working, but he does work for the federal government and so far it's okay, but it's a bit Uncertain, you Know, up in the air as well. How much does he make a year? 120,000. One 20, okay. Do you guys have any debt?


None but the house. Okay. And we, we are net worth millionaires, So we have cash, it's just Oh, tell us your Cash situation. We've got close to 200,000 in cash And in like in a high yield savings. High yield savings and investment as well. But not, not retirement. Ariel, you can go on this trip. Yeah, Just do it. It's a thousand bucks. Okay. Yeah, yeah, you're good. You're totally good. Okay. Honestly, take it. So be able to enjoy It while we we're There. I'm gonna say even if it was $5,000, you're okay. Yeah. Yeah. You have $200,000 in savings. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You would've just been living in this tight cut everything out phase for a while, so it just Feel crazy to cut out Certain Things.


Yeah, that's fair. And then, because your savings will eventually dwindle if you're just living off of it. So I get it. But from like relatively speaking, I would not lose 2,500 not to pay a thousand. Especially where you are with your cash, like Yeah, yeah. You're great. So what, what kind of job do you I'll take it. Go ahead. I said I'll take it. Yeah, For sure. Girl. Go on that trip. Yeah. Okay. So what's, what's taken you so long to find a job? What, what were you doing? So I was doing marketing for a tech company. Okay. And I have been interviewing, I was actually offered a role a couple weeks ago, thrilled about it. And then I got found out, yes. Last week that they eliminated the role. Oh shoot.


Going back to square one. Oh man, I'm sorry. So I'm interviewing, I'm networking, I'm doing all the things, but it's just Taking, taken a while. Kind Of crazy out there. Yep. Yep. Oh, are you guys able to live off of, I know his income's a little bit unstable just because he is working for the government and everything. But for one 20, are you guys able to sustain life on that or are you having to dip into this 200 to live off of? So, So far we've been able to, you know, we have two little kids in daycare. We're cutting out everything we can. It'll be, we'll start eating into it I'd say in the next couple of months. Okay. But so far we've been able to, but it'll, you know, I need to find something soon, that's for sure. Yeah. Keep it afloat. Okay.


Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And if you guys get to that position, you know, maybe for you it's even something that looks different and maybe not as That's true. High up as where you were, but I think you guys are good. I mean, you're, yeah, you're in a, you're in a good spot. I'd say you're good. Go on the vacation, be smart about what you're spending while you're on the vacation, just like day-to-day things. But other than that, I'd say enjoy it. You Yeah. You know, enjoy it. It's a vacation. All Right, good one. Let's go to Ricky. He's in Atlanta, Georgia, a TL Shoddy. What's going on Ricky? I, hello. How are you doing? Doing good. I have a investment, I have an investment property that I own that's worth of about 700,000. And I'm trying to decide, I have two offers. One offer is 600,000 at 6% for 25 years.


I own a finance with, with 15% down. And one offer is a cash offer for 700,000 and or should I keep the property and I'm 62 and I'm getting ready to retire. Mm. And I have some money in my 401k, but I've worked with some financial people and it seems like if I take this property and paid a depreciation in the capital gains and put the money into an IRAI will leave more money for my kids in 25 years than if I hold onto the property With the value of it and everything. What Would cause you to consider the other offer over a $700,000 cash offer for the amount that it's actually worth?


Because I've been told in the past that it would spread out the depreciation of capital gains and I wouldn't have to pay the taxes in the one year. I could spread it out over the length of the loan. What was the rental bringing in? In monthly rent is that It Brings, it brings in about $9,400 a month. Okay. And you're just kind of tired of it. You're like, oh, I don't wanna deal with it. I'd rather sell. I've been doing it for 20 years. Yeah. And, and I'm, at one time I had two partners and 66 properties. We have split up and I'm down to 13 properties. Oh Wow. That's great. Yeah. I mean I would, I like diversification in general.


So the fact that you have other properties is great. 'cause you're still in that, you know, a little bit of real estate, you know, in your entire portfolio. But if you have a cash offer like this, I mean, I I would be, yes. I would be tempted to take it. I just know how much work it is to keep up with properties. And, and you've kind of played the long game because really when it, when it comes to making money in real estate, it really is what you've done where you bought, I mean, how many years ago you've had it for how long? I've had it for 20 years. Yeah. And of course, you know, we paid 400,000 for it. Right. It really made no mo made no money on it till now. Yeah. Yeah. So, 'cause all, All of the money went to the mortgage.


Sure. Yeah. So now that it's Yeah. Paid off and now you have so much equity in it, that's, that's like the payday of rental, right? Yeah. Where you get to do this and, and sell it and Yeah. Put money in ira, live off the interest and you know, it, I think that that's probably what I would do. I think it simplifies everything. And since you're a real estate guy, you still have other properties? Are those other ones paid for? Yes, they are. Yeah. So I, I'll keep, I'll keep five rental units Okay. That are completely paid for. Okay. Ricky, so how much, how much are you worth? I'm just curious, how much are all these properties combined With my private real estate? It's about $2 million. Wow. That's great. Very good. All paid for.


Yes. Wow. All paid for. Well done Ricky. Well done. That's Really cool. Yeah, I mean, I think either way you're gonna be fine. So, but yeah, I, I like the idea, we just met with our financial planner this week and like last year what the market did was insane. Yeah. It was like in like 20, I mean, it was just crazy. 20, you know, 22 wasn't a great year, but 23, 24 were great. Years t years t yeah. So it is kind of fun to see the math game in the market, just knowing, okay, you had a piece of property, which is ideal, right? When you make money in real estate, you're kind of making it out the buy. That's right. So you buy it hopefully cheap, and then as it appreciates and you gain equity, then you get to sell it and that's where you're making the money. And so that's ex I mean, it's literally that's what he's done. And then go put it in the market and, and hopefully, knock on wood, I know it won't all be that as good of a year.


That's right. That's we've the last two years. But, but I mean, over time it's just incredible. It's, it's really the same game with through, with putting it in the stock market as it was with real estate. This, this, the same idea of keeping that investment over time and over time you, like you said, you might not have a year like 23, 24, but you could and you should see at least a 10% return over that scope of time. And so that's what we're talking about when we say that. So I think it's great, great Ricky, Way to go. Well that Congratulations too. Yeah. Congratulations. I love a call like that. I love celebrating wins with people that does it for this hour of the show. Hang with us and we'll be right back for the next hour.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's A gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying I love you to your family Term life insurance, Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82


From the Ramsey Network. It's The Ramsey Show. Thanks for hanging out with us. We're taking more calls about your life and money. Again, if you want to call in, you can. The number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's how you call in. That gets you on the line. And when you call in, you'll just leave a voicemail. You can call at any time of day. You don't have to call while the show is going on. Leave a voicemail and we'll set up a time to get you on the line. Or if you do call during the show, you could get on right away. That's the way it works. That's it. All Right. Rachel, you ready to get into it? Let's do it. All Right. Patricia in Sacramento, California is on the line. Hey Patricia. Hi. How you doing? We're doing good. So, so I need help. I went from zero debt in January 23 to 54,000 in April 24.


Ooh. I was trapped in a, this abusive relationship that I was hospitalized and arrested for fighting back. But I'm out of that now. Oh my gosh. I was in Patricia. Yeah. I'm so sorry. I was in survival. Thank you. I was in survival mode. So I signed up for a debt relief company and I trusted them. Mm. But now that I'm able to take a look at what's going on, I see that they're taking all their, their fees up front. They're barely paying my creditors and I have to respond to my second lawsuit by next week. Oh my gosh. I've also found expired DocuSign that I never saw. They would expire really quickly. And so I I don't know what they've negotiated.


I know they've negotiated about 36,000 of it and there's still the rest of it's outstanding. And I did pay off my first lawsuit privately. So the companies that they stopped paying are suing you. Right. You're, they, you stopped paying your debts and the money that you sent, they weren't paying it. So is that, what is that? Who's suing you? Your, your creditors? Well there were like 12 or 13 cards altogether. So it, they've settled with some of them, but the ones that they just wouldn't accept waiting in line. Yeah. They're the ones suing me. Yeah, that's right. So I, like I said, I've paid off one and, and yeah, it's How much have you given them the debt relief company to start?


I have given them $7,000, over $7,000 and 4,000 of that has gone to their fees. Only 3000 has gone to my creditors. And I I did find that when they settle, what's considered settling is when they negotiate a settlement and make the first payment, then they're eligible to take all their fees, which is 25% of my enrolled debt. I'm sorry. I mean, you're finding out what's absolutely true, which is these places are a scam. And I hate that you're finding that out the hard way. Do you know what it will take to get, like, how can you get out of this? Have you kind of researched what it would take for you to get out? Will you be dinged if you say, listen, I don't wanna pay anymore into this, I don't wanna do this anymore.


What's their, what's their policy on that? Well, the, the contract they say I can end any time. So that's why I figured they're padding their fees up front in case I do decide to end. Yeah, you're right. But, but I, the, the one that I want to settle right now, 'cause I do have some money to settle the, the second lawsuit, but I tried to call them directly and they won't talk to me because of the power of attorney. So the company won't call me back either. And so when I called them this morning, they said there's no update except we got the power of attorney. And I'm like, no, stop. I don't want them to settle with them. Well, you have to cancel. It sounds like you have to cancel your agreement with the debt relief place first so that they're not signing and making decisions for you.


So I feel like that's first in line, first in line is getting documentation that I'm no longer part of this program. I'm not giving them any more money and I have my power of attorney back so they can no longer sign for me. So I'd, I'd want that first. I'd want documentation of that, not just a Okay. Over the phone. Right. And then after that, then you can really do for yourself what they were saying, quote they were gonna do for you. Yeah, I've learned that. Which is I've learned that. Yeah. At this point, at this point, because there has been no payments made on this debt. Yeah. They're gonna be ready to settle. Well, and you should be able to do that. Yes. Okay. But yeah, they said they wanna talk to me. And so do you think I have time before, 'cause I have to respond to the, the summons by next Tuesday.


Do you think I would have time? How much do you owe? How much, how much do you owe for the, the ones that are suing you? So the ones that suing me is he, they want like 4,500, but I enrolled 3,800 with the, with them in April. So, well I I did just pay off one lawsuit and they were wanting 3,800 and I, I settled that for 20. And you got that in writing. That's in writing the first one you paid off. Yeah. So what, what I mean well, yeah, what I would say, Patricia is this 4,500, i I don't wanna give you the wrong advice, but from what I have gathered over the years of doing this show and talking to people, it's $4,500. They say it expires on Tuesday.


If it takes you another week to get out of the debt settlement, you call them back, they'll give you another bill 10 days later, they're gonna, they're there. They just want the money. I mean, at this point too, with debt settlement, you haven't paid them for so long. They'll, they're lucky to get anything. Right. I mean, at this point and how these companies work too, they, these debts are sold so many different times. Yeah. They've gone through three different companies. I mean, they're not really keeping track. They're, there's a level of intimidation always with them, whether they're on the phone or through mail. And so, I mean, some of it is legit, right. I mean, they, they can, but, but I, I, I really think Patricia, if you take all of next week to get out of the debt settlement and it takes you a couple of days and for them to e email over paperwork like what Jade's saying and have documentation that you're really out, then I would call this company back and show them and tell them, Hey, I had that document.


I, I'm a few days late, but I have $3,800 I can pay you and just settle this now. They're gonna take your money. They will, they'll take it. So I wouldn't be, I would be on it, I would be urgent about all of this because I want you out as soon as possible. But I wouldn't let their timeline be the one that's dictating all this either. Yeah. I mean, like you said Rachel, a lot of it's fear tactics and you go, oh my gosh, they're suing me. Oh my gosh, I have a timeline. Oh my gosh, if I don't and Rachel is exactly right. It's, you'll have the opportunity to make a deal again. Well, I have to reply to the summons in by next week because if I don't reply to the summons, then they'll make a judgment again. And what do you re what's the reply? What's the process of that? What does that Mean? I have to go to the courthouse and file a response.


It costs $250. That's what I did the first time. So could your response be, well here's, there's two things happening here. A, you're concerned about filing the response, which is next week, right? What day? Yes. What day? It's the 13th. The 13th? Yeah. I don't know what day is that? Is that Tuesday? That's Like Wednesday. Okay. Wednesday, I think. So you have, you have two business days to try to get out of this. And if you can, then you can apply, re go to the court summons and say, I just got outta the debt con consolidation. I have the money here and I'm ready. Right? That's one response. The other response is, I've been trying to get out of this debt consolidation and I have record of me trying to call and pay this and they have not taken my payment, but I have the money, I have the check here.


I'm happy to pay it today. Right. So there is part of this where you might have to like plead your case on that. And that's why it's so important to document everything you're doing. I called them on this day at this time, and they have to record those calls too. I call them at this day and this time. So you just do be, do your due diligence on making sure you're keeping record of everything and then show up at the summons with wherever you're at in life. I've just filed the paperwork or I'm waiting to hear back on them and just take it one day at a time. Because I think you're freaking out a little about what may or may not happen. And if the, if you have the money and you're saying, judge, I want to do this. I don't think the judgment's gonna be Yeah. Against you. I think they'll be fair on that.


Right. So how would I go about revoking the power of attorney? Do I need to get a lawyer to do that or can I do it myself? Do You know? I don't think so. I mean, it sounds like whenever you signed up for this debt relief part of the papers you signed said, and you guys can speak for me and sign for me and all of that. And so it should be that. I want that when you get out of this. Yeah. Revoked along with the entire agreement. Yeah. For both Patricia, I'm so sorry. You know, you've gotten, you've gotten yourself out of a lot worse situation right? Than this. So this is, you can do this for sure. You can do this. It's gonna take some time, but we hope that helps. We're cheering you On.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


If you own a small business and you like The Ramsey Show, then you're going to love the Entree Leadership podcast. Almost 200,000 listeners. Tune in every Monday to hear me take calls from real business leaders and give tactical advice based on my 30 years of experience leading. This is not a podcast about business theory. It's real insight from a practitioner who actually does this stuff. Find it anywhere you listen to podcasts, or if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts now, just click the link in the description.


So around here we teach a method called the Seven Baby Steps, and it's seven Baby Steps to Finding Financial Peace. Right? It's the quickest, most efficient way to building wealth. There's seven baby steps, and if you are working them, we have a really great way to check to see if you're on track. Okay. So there's a quiz that you can take to check your progress, and you can also receive a personalized plan that's just for you as you walk your own journey on the baby steps. So simply head to the show notes and you can click the link that's titled, Are You On Track With the Baby Steps? So if you click that link, then we'll send you the quiz and you can complete it. So that's a really great way to stay motivated and make sure that you're staying on track with this whole thing because it is a journey and you need that extra boost.


All Right, let's take another call. We've got Grace. She's in Omaha, Nebraska. Hey Grace. Hi. I am going to college next year and I just had a question about which college I should go to. My state school I would have to pay for, and it would be about two years to go, but I got an opportunity to go to a very prestigious school that would be a full ride, but it would be four years. And I was just wondering, is time more valuable than money? Oh wow. Okay. So both options are paid for, is that what you're saying? My first option, which is like my state school, I would have to pay out of pocket. You would pay Out of pocket And Right.


Yeah. And right now I just don't, I have stuff in savings, but it would be, I'd have to work very hard and it would drain my savings account pretty much. Okay. How old are you, grace? I'm 17. 17. Okay, great. What's the, can we ask what school it is? The one, the four year. The four year school is Notre Dame. Wow. Wow. Say Less Golly, grace. You know what I, yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm going to the school that's paying me and it's four years, which is normal. Which is, which is normal. And I think that, again, it's not for, I get this for everyone. Like some people do the, the trade route. Some people leave high school and go right into real estate and get their real estate license.


They start saying, you know, like, yeah, anything's great. But I do think there's something about those four years outta high school where you're on your own and it's kind of that bridge between being so dependent upon mom and dad on so many things. And now, like I'm ex, I don't have to go fully real world. I have like a four years to get a great degree. Yeah. Learn some life experiences, kind of have that bridge. I think it's like from an age perspective, I think it's good. I agree. 'cause you'll have your whole life to work and do all the things. And if, and because it's paid for, right? I mean if the money, if if all this was different Yeah. From a money situation, I may have a different answer, but it's paid for. Yeah. And I, I mean I would do it.


What's your, what do you want your degree to be? In My degree, that's another thing is my degree is going to be in educational administration. So I would like to teach in foreign countries is like the entire idea. Oh, that's awesome. I never had the program for that. That is Cool. Well, that's perfect. Wait, what's keeping you not doing Notre Dame? Is it just 'cause of the time? Like it's four, it's two extra years. It's, it's two extra years. And from my house it is almost 14 hours away. And I would be paying in travel expenses as well because my parents will not pay for that. And they don't really want me to go to Notre Dame. So I'm kind of where, Where is Notre Dame? I should know this, but I don't, where is it?


It's, do you know where Chicago is? It's about two hours from Chicago. Okay. Okay. Area. So it's quite a drive. And I'd have to fly there because they do not allow cars for freshman. Oh, okay. That's interesting. Okay. So you'd be driving home For, do your parents, would they pay, would they help pay for the state school? They would help pay for the state school. They do not want me to go into the degree that I'm going in. So it's not so much, I'm afraid it's not so much a gift as it is a loan. And so I really wanna pay it by myself. What's their problem with the degree, which is Why I'm very hesitant. What's their problem with that Teaching? And it doesn't make Yeah, they say it's teaching and it doesn't make any money.


So they're a little, I mean, Hesitant to, For the Notre Dame part, it's like, whatever I'm not making for you, it's just a time investment. Right. And what Rachel said, there's just the, and the part of becoming an adult that you get over four years, like sometimes there, part of school is not just the education, it's the experiences that you have. So, and Teachers are in our top five of okay, baby steps. Millionaires too, grace. So yes, I think, I think I saw that on your Instagram. Yes. So I mean, it's known. Yeah. Teachers don't, teachers should be paid way more, way more. Come on. I have children in public school and I'm like, God bless you, all of you. So they should be paid more. But if you, it is a career over time, you know, you get the pension like you do there.


Yeah. You, there are benefits, You do move up. Right. But it's, yes. It's not a career you're gonna make $300,000 in. Right. So, so I get that, but it's what you wanna do right now. Is it grace? Yes, it is. Yeah. So I, I wouldn't let the drive home, like you're driving home for Thanksgiving, right? For spring break, summer break, whatever that is. I wouldn't let that deter me from making the choice. Okay. I wouldn't. Perfect. But Yeah. And unless you saw like a really clear path to do the state school and do it in two years and pay for it, and that made you feel more comfortable being closer to home or whatever, you know, it may be, it may be some extra work on your end to do that option.


And, sorry, last question, grace, is it a academic scholarship that you're getting? The scholarship that I'm getting for the region that I am in, I have a benefactory that reached out to me and my school and wanted to pay for it because Notre Dame is Catholic, and then I came from a private Catholic school. Oh, I gotcha. Okay, okay, I gotcha. But yeah, it's ac it's around academics as well. Okay, okay. Because I wonder is there any scholarships and grants you could get from a state school option just to, just to get some other, you know, yeah, you Can look at that, Some other things. But for My state school as well, I have $10,000 in scholarships for that to help me with it. And then they did gimme a $20,000 scholarship as well for my state school, but it will still come outta my pocket.


Wait, so you have have $30,000 for the state school? 10,000 and then 20. Yeah, so the $20,000 would be if I went through their four year program. So they're, oh, so I'm trying to get them to give me the full 20,000, but they're, they won't, they don't wanna do that. I see. Okay. But I am still looking at $23,000 that I'd have to pay, That you would have to pay 23 to Yeah, Three to over, over two years. Right. So that's 12,000, that's a thousand bucks a, a month. I mean, it would, would be, it would be some work for you. It, yes. To do it, but I don't know. There's Not a, there's not a wrong answer here if both of them don't include debt, that's the truth.


So if you're able to do the two years with whatever scholarship they give you, and you're able to cover the rest and there's no debt, that's not a wrong choice. Also, if you choose to do the Notre Dame for four years, which is covered completely, that's not a wrong choice at the end of the day. It really just boils down to what you wanna do. Yeah. Yeah. Our, our only caveat is there can't be debt. That's our stance on, on the decision that you make. Okay. So I hope that that is what I wanna hear. I hope that helps you got, you've got some things to mull over and think over. But yeah, I think that it's really great that you have those opportunities and that's what we wanna see. It's nice to have choices, I think at the end of The day. And you know, and it's really hard at 18 to know what you wanna do long term.


That's so, it all can always change. That's, but if you have a niche and like a, an ink link of like, okay, I wanna do this. And she said, and I want to teach, I wanna teach like Right. Go to foreign countries and do this. Like, I wanna tr I wanna do that. And Notre Dame has a program for that too. That's great. And it's paid for. It does feel, It Does like a pretty obvious option except for that like, element of getting home. And you would have to cover the cost of that. So that may be meaning that you, you know, work a few nights a week or something. Yeah. And just have extra Cash. I think that's a small thing to figure out. Yeah, I do too. Grand scheme. I agree. I agree. But gosh, that's great. Great question. I know, I know. All Right, let's, let's take a Facebook question.


All Right. Logan wants to know, I've made it to baby step six. Rachel and I have a question about paying off my mortgage on the mortgage. Do I continue to eat beans and rice, rice and beans until the house is paid off and only see the inside of a restaurant if I work there? Some Dave quotes there, or Can I grab a cold beer and just relax a little bit? Rachel? Oh my goodness. That's what Logan wants to Know. Logan, you can relax. Pop a beer, you're fine. No, no. So we always talk about, you know, baby steps one through three is intense. So while you're getting outta debt, building up an emergency fund, you are, you're gonna be focused and every amount of energy and money is going to get those completed. And then once those are completed, then you move from intents to intentional.


And so paying this house off, you know, again, some people stay because they choose to. Yeah. Intents. And they just go right down the lane and pay off the house. But this is the time to kind of ease up, because I don't think, you know, long term, which you and Sam, you guys said baby step two for years. I mean, it was a marathon. I am, I am popping a beer right now, Rachel. I am drinking beer as we speak. So just Yes. Relax, enjoy it. And yeah, Jade's enjoying herself as you all say,


Hey, what's up guys? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows student loan debt is a problem. It's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote and less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from student loan debt. If you want 'em gone, you can't mess around. Go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner. You know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today.


All Right, you're listening to The Ramsey Show. We have Peter, who's in Manchester, New Hampshire. Let's see what he's talking about. Peter, How can we help? Hey, how's it going? Going good. What's going on in your world? Not much. I was just curious to see, I have in probably like five years or so, I'm thinking about buying a house. I'm just kind of just curious to see about manual underwriting. I know, I think I know mostly about what I know about it and I'm just curious to see what companies you'd suggest to go through to do that. Yeah. And I know it's kind of rare to find, I guess is what I've heard anyways, but just to kind of see what you guys think. How old are you?


I'm 23. Okay, cool. Well, you're right. Like man, manual underwriting is what we would say for people who don't have credit scores, right. Which is what we suggest. And just kind of clarifying the idea that a zero credit score means that you have not borrowed money. And if you did borrow money, you paid it all off and your credit score rolled to zero or indeterminable. It is not a low credit score. It is not a bad credit score. It is a zero credit score. And you're right. You know, you do have to do your due diligence and search around because ev, every loan company, you know, every mortgage company won't do that. Right. So here we talk about Churchill Mortgage because they will offer manual underwriting and they'll do it for just about every state.


Rachel, I know there's some that are not on the list Yeah. Off the Top of My head, but most of them are. I think it's like, And if not, they can help find a provider in your, in your area too. So I would contact Churchill, so I'd recommend, and yeah, and it is, I mean, yeah, there's a little bit more of the effort put in to this kind of process. Kind of like sometimes it's effort without living with debt. Like if you don't have a credit score Yeah. You know, there may something with insurance may come up, but they pulled your credit report, they don't have anything. So you're gonna have to show them past bills that you've paid on time. Like there's a little bit more effort, but it's way worth it from a mental capacity than keeping debt and managing debt your whole life for the score. Right? That's right. But no, but it is still possible and people Yeah, they're doing, they're still doing it all the time and it's still a possibility.


Yeah, absolutely. Let's Go through what you'll, let's go through what you'll expect. Let's go through what you'll expect so you'll, you'll be able to start planning for that. Because I think that knowing that going in is important. So you do have to show rental history. So if you're living with your parents, I feel like this is where people get hung up is if they're living with their parents and they haven't been paying them any sort of rent, you still have to be able to show 12 months of rental history. So keep that in mind. You're gonna have to show 12 months of other trade lines, like Rachel said, if you're not borrowing money, then other trade lines could be things like cell phones or utilities or even insurance payments, car insurance payments, something like that. And you're gonna have to show like actual money that you're making money.


So you'll have to show income for the last 12 months. If you're self-employed, it'll usually be like 24 months and they're gonna wanna see your pay stubs for the last 30 days. Okay. So that's what you're looking for. And if, if you are self-employed, they might wanna see your tax returns as well. So that's kind of just a nutshell of what they're gonna ask for. So you can be prepared for that. Okay, perfect. Thank you. So would it be smart to make an account with that said bank or or mortgage company so that I can, like whatever I, if I can, if I'm able to throw money into that account, I can start a relationship with them. Is that kind of a smart way to do it? Or do you guys suggest anything other than that? So They're not a that I just wanna be set up for when Yeah, when the time comes to be ready to do it.


I love that. I love that You wanna be ready. I think you're thinking of it as a bank, a bank or like a bank account. It really just is a mortgage company. So you would set, okay, if you're ready to set aside and start saving for a down payment, we would say a high yield savings account is a good place for that. Not with a mortgage company. Yes. On like a, like an ally bank or somewhere, you know, that's be looking on. Yeah, online's usually a great option for high yield savings. So yeah, your, your savings for the down payment should go in a high yield savings account with a traditional bank or an online bank. And then when it's time to actually buy the house, which for first time home buyers, we recommend a 5% down payment.


And on a 15 year fixed rate with your payment being no more than 25% of your take home pay. So after you have all of that, then you're able to say, okay, I'm gonna go to a mortgage broker, a mortgage company, and get a mortgage. They're gonna have to do manual underwriting because I don't have a credit score. And then you keep on moving. Yeah. And it's great. Yeah. And I always will take it a step further because I, if you're a first time home buyer, Rachel, I feel like there's so many things that you're like, I didn't know that. I didn't know that. There's so much. I Know. It just keeps hitting you. And so one of the things that I started, it's just like a little acronym to remember. It's like when you're ready to buy a house, you play, you play the right cards, right? You play with the stacked deck, DECK, right? So D is down payment. Rachel just said what you're looking for 20%.


If you can do more, that'd be great, you know, but if only you can get it's 5%, like that's fine too. But even earnest money E is for earnest money. People forget that when you make that offer, you've gotta be ready with cash, some money to put down that goes right away to say, yes, I'm serious about this offer. And that does go towards closing costs. But if you were thinking, oh, like I, I'm not quite ready yet. Oh, I didn't know I needed to have that money yet, knowing that that's coming is important of, of course C, you're on the hook for some of the closing costs. So that's another expense there. And then K, you have to keep in mind the other things that go along with buying a house or moving like boxes, Rachel. Yeah. Right, right. And packing tape and the bubble wrap, like that stuff is so expensive.


So just really getting your mind around all of it as you're saving up is so important so that you're not kind of hit there and like disillusioned that. Yes. How much it really does cost. So It's like a taste of being a homeowner, just getting through the home buying process, man. Where you're like, oh my gosh, there's just a lot. There's a lot. So much, so much. I hope that helps. Thank you so much for the call. Sarah is in Rochester, Minneapolis, Minnesota. What's going on? Hi. What's going on Sarah? Hi. First of all, I'm so excited to be able to talk with both of you ladies. I love listening to you both. So thank you for taking my call. Thank you so much. You bet. Yeah. My question today is about my husband and i's situation if we're ready to buy the house that we're currently living in, and we have the opportunity to do that on a contract for deed actually From your parents' home?


Yes. Where are they gonna go? It's not my, it's oh, it's not my parents' home. My parents own the home. Oh, okay. Were they using it as a rental, like for a, like an investment property? It was actually my grandmother's home. Oh, Okay. And so they've had it. Yes. Where, what has, what have they been doing with it the past couple years? So we've actually been living in the home since she passed away for the past six years. Okay. We, my husband and I wanted to get married before we would move in together and then also consider purchasing the home. So now we're kind of in this spot where, we've been here a long time and we've been paying rent and we just want to know To buy it now In our financial situation is, is it this a good time and I maybe part of it's, we're just a little scared to make the jump.


Sure. How much are they selling it to you? For Around 400,400, Which is the other Scary part. Okay. And is that like a market value or is that Yes. Discount it's market value. So you're not getting any kind of deal 'cause it's grandmother's home there. Well, there may be a little bit of a deal in there. Okay. But that's, I would say probably maybe no lower than like three 80. Okay. No, that's fine. Yeah. And do you guys, do you feel like financially, are you guys outta debt and have some savings? So the, we've been working really hard on getting everything paid off. We actually just paid off one of our vehicles.


Oh, Congratulations. For a while. Thank you. Which was really motivating. So we do have one other vehicle to pay off that we still have $20,000 on. Okay. How did you guys make a year? We're Making around 145,000. 1 45. Okay. Do you have money saved at all? Any savings? Well, I have a, we have money saved about 15,000 in a cd. Okay. And then we've been keeping like a little bit of an extra savings for us with the kids. But the rest we've really tried to put towards our debt. Okay. So what would be the down payment for the home?


So we, we could put a down payment of 20,000. How where's It coming from that we had set aside that we had set, that we had set aside to put that from, to put That forward. So you have an extra 20,000. Yes. Okay. Got it. I would, I would slow down a little bit. Sarah, I think it scares you 'cause you guys are in a little bit of a, eh, shaky situation. I take the 15 some money from the 20 pay off the car tonight. You'll have 15 left. That's your emergency fund. Then I would re-save for a down payment to make you feel good about it. So I think you guys are still a few more months away, maybe a year away. But the good thing is the house isn't going anywhere. That's right. It's grandma's house.


So tell your parents, Hey, we need a few more months. And I'd be at a debt emergency fund with a good down payment.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar Budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the App store or Google Play today.


All Right. You're listening to The Ramsey Show and I don't have to tell you guys. Money and relationships can be two of the biggest stressors in life. I mean, it's so true. They go hand in hand. So if you're feeling stuck, you're feeling overwhelmed or uncertain, lemme just tell you you're not alone. Stress and fear do not have to control your future. And at the Money and Relationships tour, you'll learn how to take control and shift your mindset around money and relationships for good. So join doc. Join Dr. John Delony and Dave RAMSEY live for a high energy experience where you will see real transformations happen in the room. Okay. They're going to be live in six cities. That's Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. That's April through May. So you can go on and check out the dates. Don't wait guys. Tickets are going super fast. Get tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're tuning in on YouTube or podcast, be sure to click that link in the show notes to get the information that you need. I hope to see you there.


Alright, let's get into these phone lines. We've had great calls today. Keep 'em coming. We've got Becky in Louisville, Kentucky. Becky, what's going on? Hi, I just had a question. I am 47 and I was wondering how to get caught up on retirement. What, $47,000 worth of debt? Ooh, Okay. $47,000 worth of debt. You're thinking about retirement. Tell me your age again. You said it really quickly. Oh, sorry. 47. You're 47 and $47,000 of debt. Yeah, look at that. Yeah. Right. Okay. So let's kind of unwind this a little bit. What, what's your income? Tell us a little bit about what you do. I own a cleaning business, just my husband and myself that, that do the cleaning.


And we make about $6,685 a month as after tax. Okay. And what else did you say you needed? Is your husband the same age you are? Is he in his Yes. Late forties? Yes. 47. Yeah. Okay. What kind of debt is it? I, I was looking at it, it's mostly like back taxes and we have three credit cards. Okay. So you owe the IRS. How much of that is IRS debt I owe? Let's see, about four or 25,001 to our local DOR Oh Department of Revenue. Okay.


And then 15,000 on IRS. Okay. And then we have, we have two SBA loans that adds up to about 13,000. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So you do, you've, you've got your work cut out for you here. I mean, typically we would say, you know, to do the debt snowball list, some smallest, largest and go through like that. In this case, you know, we always say that I RS debt or tax debt jumps straight to the top of the list. Right. So that, I mean that's the case for you. I would start off with that I RS debt, the 15,000 and work through that and then I would go to the DOR debt and then the SBA loan would probably be final.


Okay. In the meantime, my question is, what can you guys do? I mean you're entrepreneurs, you're creative minded, what can you guys do to start bringing in more income, kind of using your skills per in the now? Yeah. Per, Yeah. I was curious, Becky, how much per house are you guys making? Well we, we do, we do mostly commercial jobs. Okay. And we, we, that's the majority of our income is what we make. We have a few residentials we could probably add on, but residentials probably a week. We probably make about $600 a week. Okay. And are you guys working 40 hours? Oh, plus some. Yeah. Yeah, it's usually about 60 hours a week.


60 hours, okay. Yeah. And making 70 combined. Yes. 70 around 70,000, 6,000 a week. Yeah. Or a month. Yeah. Okay. Well when you break it down, you know, you're both working full time. So it comes out to be, you know, $35,000 each that you guys are making per year. And I'm just wondering, 'cause the biggest thing for this is to get your income up. That's like what Jade was saying. To get out of this is gonna be like, yeah, that's gonna be the biggest thing. So I'm just wondering from a time perspective, is there anything spending 40 hours a week, you know, doing something like what else? 'cause you're spending 60 hours a week, is what you're saying is really what ends up being.


So I'm just wondering, you know, what else is out there not to, not to close down your business? 'cause I know this is how you guys are making a living. Well, what Would it look like to add more and bring other people to help you? So you're not, I mean, you guys are only gonna have so many hours in the day. Yeah. Right. But to get more clients on and then you're bringing on people to say, okay, We're upcharge. Yeah. I mean, have you guys raised your fees in a while? The last time we raised it was last year. Okay. Okay. But I mean, of course everything's going up, so I mean Yeah. Yeah. I've looked for ways to offer some sort of, I mean, obviously off raising your prices to meet inflation makes sense. But then you can find premiums that you can add that don't necessarily take a lot more of your time, but it gives you a reason to increase your price.


Right. So you could look for things like that. You look for things like that. I'd look for other built, like other commercial properties, other personal properties. And then I'd bring on a couple of folks that are like, because there's always people looking for side hustles, right? So somebody who wants a house cleaning side hustle can go to you guys and now you're just taking a percentage of it because you're the one sourcing the work. Right. So I think there's a lot here for you to do, but you're gonna have to get creative and you're gonna have to pull the trigger on that stuff sooner than later. Okay. So you can see the impact of that money. Okay. Yeah. So really Becky, I mean, mean it's, it's cutting expenses and upping income is what it comes down to. Okay. So before even doing anything into retirement, paying off this $47,000 in debt, like that's, that's number one goal.


Okay. And, and then once you pay that off, be stacking some cash after that for an emergency fund and then start looking Yes. At retirement. Do you guys have anything saved right now in retirement? I think I've got about 2000. Okay. Okay. Do you have any cash available? Just a thousand that we, you know, save for emergency fund. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's great. But we do Have a big job coming up that's gonna give us about $30,000 and from the job. Good. You think I should you just use all that towards the debt? Yes. Or should I put some of that in retirement? Use all of it towards the debt, but pay taxes on it first so that you don't Oh, absolutely. Yeah.


So that you don't land yourself in this. Yeah. The, the whole tax thing was like a, a big not have knowledge in it when we first started. Sure. So Yeah. It's just like, Becky, how do you get more of those jobs? Having someone paying you 30,000? Is there, is there more of that out there? Yeah. Oh, may have lost. Becky may have. Okay. Well, so yeah. Okay. Well that's great. Well, yeah. If I were you, I think being able to find those bigger fish to fry, if you will. Yes. 'cause if it's the same amount of time, find clients that are gonna be paying you more for the same amount. Right. I mean, if you're working, working six, I mean, it is a little defeating of like, man, 60 hours a week making 35,000, you'd make more doing something else that, that I mean's Right, right.


When it comes down to it, so again, I know this is y'all's lifeblood and you've built this business, so I'm not saying to abandon it, but you do kinda have to reevaluate what is my time worth. That's Right. And am I charging enough too? We do find that a lot in small businesses that, you know, that demand is there. Yes. And yet you're like, okay, you've kept your prices, you know Yeah. Relatively okay. But you could, you could up 'em and test It at the very least test it. Yes, yes. You know, take a couple of your clients and get, get to that number that you think, and I think you'll be surprised at what people will pay for. A couple of reasons. Number one, like it's A service people are willing to pay For. It's, it's a service people are willing to pay for and it's, it's a pain in the butt to change.


Yes. Like it's a, it's a pain in the butt to say, oh man, okay, I guess I need, it's too expensive. I guess I need to find a new service. Like most people are like, okay, whatever. Yes, Totally. Seriously. Do you know, and it, and it, and, and I would be apt to tell you that corporations are gonna be less likely to change and absorb some of your raises than individuals. Absolutely. Like a, you know, a homeowner. So, so yeah, Becky, I would, yeah, I would be, I'd be looking around and again, that $30,000 deal. That's amazing. So what, you know, how else can we can, can we get that? Yeah, I like that. All Right, thanks for the call. Quick question from Jeremy on Facebook. He says, do you have any guidelines as to when we should think about withdrawing investments? I invest regularly and I understand the power of compound interest, but I also wanna take my family on holiday vacations.


Oh yeah. Well, I mean, I would sit down with your financial planner and kind of map out, okay, if we have some non-retirement accounts, you're gonna be paying taxes on the growth. So you need to remember that and what's worth it, what's worth cash flowing versus living off these investments and when's that we've, yeah, we just had that conversation this week. Yeah. I'm like, you know, when does that happen? But as long as you can cash flow things, keep those investments growing. I agree. But when you get to a point as you get older and that maybe income starts slowing down, that's what those investments are there for. That's right. And so be taking those out. But yeah, it's a great question. Great Question. Great answer. Hey, if you wanna keep watching the show, you wanna hang out with us for another hour longer, you'll have to find us in the Ramsey Network app. You can do that by searching for it in your app store.


See you on the other side.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.