
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


This is The Ramsey Show where America comes to win with your money, win in your profession, and win in your relationships. Thrilled to have you with as Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Rachel Cruz joins me today. I'm Ken Coleman and let's get right to it. Are you ready to roll? Let's do it. Okay. Okay. So these questions, Christie is up first in Kansas City. Christie, How can we help today? So I was just wondering how you guys would handle this. My husband and I are newly married about six months. We were both previously married. I was married for 26 years and he was married for seven. And both of us, through our relationships, it's like we both had financial infidelity by our partners.


So I found out that my ex-husband had been lying to me about money for well over 15 years. And, and then his ex-wife, she left him and then tried. He, he's a farmer so that they have a large farm and she tried to take the whole farm. So there's been a lot of infidelity there on the financial side. So both of us have these deep fears of combining finances from, you know, previous relationship. Sure. We don't, we don't know how to handle moving forward financially together, biblically speaking. Well, what do you mean biblically speaking?


Well, the two I know from listening to your guys' podcast, you say the two shall become one and that includes finances and there is just a lot of fear there. Okay. With combining and afraid that you are gonna get what you got before. Sure. And that you're gonna find out, oh my gosh, this person who I was supposed to be able to trust was lying to me. And then his side of the fence is, well, if I open up to her and I tell her what's actually going on with finances, she's gonna, she's gonna mess me over and take me to the cleaners again. Yeah. Okay. I get what you're saying. Here's what I would say right out of the gate. I actually think if I were in your shoes, and I understand the trust issues, so what's going on with both of you is very natural. It's very normal. I think you guys gotta get with a therapist without question and work through this.


But I would tell you that just practically speaking, I think that the fact that you have your finances merged and shared actually creates greater accountability for, for both, right. So that the trust at least has some, it's almost a safeguard type of transparency. Now, just because you share accounts doesn't mean that financial infidelity isn't happening happening. However, one big step going forward to me is, okay, there are no separate accounts and we both see what's in there. And even just getting into an EveryDollar budget and beginning to look where EveryDollar is being spent, all of that begins to create so much transparency that trust is in some way a byproduct.


I'm not in any way saying that therapy doesn't still need to happen. 'cause Rachel, I I want to get your thoughts on this. 'cause I do think this is a, we need a good therapist to help us both heal. 'cause they've both been Yeah. They've both had this trauma, not, Yeah. I mean, you've both been burns Yeah. By the exact same issue from an, from an ex-spouse. So Yeah, Christie, I mean, you're not crazy by any means for this to be so heightened and so aware. But I would also just challenge you that the man you chose to marry and that you chose at the altar and, and said those vowels, you know, what, what, what caused you to say yes to him?


What were those things? He loves Jesus big and I, I respected his walk with Christ and who he was. His character was so good and he was different than anybody else I had met. Yeah. So I think what can happen is our emotions and from our path, it's almost like a, like a neuro pathway in our brains Right. Has been formed for you that with money, it's like, don't trust, don't trust, don't trust. And over time you are going to have to build a new way of trusting. And I think even leaning on kind of just those facts of what you just told me, Christie, like, this man is not your ex-husband. And I know me Just saying that doesn't wipe away all the emotion, but just, you have to trust yourself as well.


And I think when people get blindsided by a spouse, whether it's financial, infidelity and affair or something, there's almost that fear of, I can't even trust myself. How did I miss it? Right. You're probably asking, so how did I miss it for 15 years? Right. That's that's a great point. So you're thinking about that. And so I would say trust yourself, Christie, because you chose someone to do life with. And so again, I would, I would talk to a therapist because that trust string isn't gonna just be tied to money. It's gonna come out in other parts of your marriage where you probably have a level of that wall. And what, why we say too, to combine finances. Yeah. I would say from a spiritual perspective, I think it's wise, but it's also, again, whether you're spiritual or not, the data shows couples that combine finances not only have a higher level of happiness, but there's also a depth of complete intimacy that when you say, I said yes to this person and I chose to lock arms with them and take on the world together.


When you do that in just this like fullness together, you enjoy life together more than trying to keep everything separate and com com you know, compartmentalized, if you will. So, so again, from a spiritual aspect, yes. But I would say it's even bigger than a spiritual aspect. I think people that aren't, that aren't spiritual find this level of depth in their marriage when they choose to work as a team. Well, Because, and you're right, because of, again, the word we've been talking about, which is trust. Christy, I wanna dig a little bit, we've kind of told you what we thought. You've been listening. I'm curious, are you both, would you say you both are, are on at the same level of distrust of each other, even though you're probably happily married in every other area? Describe for us where you are and where he is on the particular issue of trust of each other and money right now.


How would you describe that? Well, on his side of the fence, he farms with his dad. So it's a, it's a, that was a, you know, that's a family business, generational. And So we also have a mix on his side of the fence of fear from the whole family. Yeah. Yes. You know what of, I get that. That makes us even, Can I, can I jump in here? Kristy? Hi, jump in. Christy, can I jump in? Okay. This is, we never talk about prenups, you know, we like our, it's almost an almost never conversation. I feel like around here with prenups, unless there's a few caveats. One of them is if there is an excessive amount of wealth, you know, there's a level of just protection there. But then the other one is kind of what you're talking about, Christie, for him at least, if there is some level of a family business, 'cause we've talked to people like this where they get divorced and the, and the ex still has voting stock in the company, and then he gets remarried to someone crazy.


And now all of them are still speaking into the ex's family and it's, and it's affecting other people. So this may be a conversation that you have with him of that specifically that farm, because it is tied to other people in the family. That domino effect is very real for those, for them to be protected in that sense. Yeah. With a farm, you know, with through, through some level of prenup. So again, we, we say almost never a prenup, but there are situations that make sense because it's protecting other people as well. So that may be something on his side towards you. Right. So it would be Yeah. Right. For you to sign. But, which Actually we did, we did sign a prenuptial agreement. So I I I actually volunteered To sign one.


Oh For you? Yeah. I said, I said, when we were dating, I said, I'm feeling like that there's something here. And I said, I just, I said, if you need a piece of paper, then give it to me and I'll sign it because I don't want anything from you except for, oh, That's huge. That had to, that had to create a lot of trust for him. That had to be huge. Well, there's still, yeah, there's still some walls there. You know, I can, I can sense that he doesn't want to open up to me too much yet. And I, okay. And from my perspective of having that been violated on my side of the fence, I completely understand it. Yeah. I'm like, as you should Be. Well, I, You should be worried. I gotta say, Christie, I, I think you guys are, are on the way. I believe marital counseling here because neither one of you or the bad guys, you're both victims.


That's an interesting combination. And a professional will get you guys the tools that you can heal. I think you commit big time to some serious therapy. One, one time a week maybe. And let's dive into this and come out on the other side and then I think, you know, you guys will get there. Really, really interesting call. Thanks for trusting us.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news Knock box, that's n Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history. And one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


All Right, let's go to Shelby in Seattle, Washington. Shelby, How can we help today? Hi there. So I am in a bit of a pickle right now. I'm a stay-at-home mom, a new stay at home mom. So I was working previously, but now my husband provides all the income for our family. We have an eight month old son, but our biggest issue right now is that our vehicles are taking up way too much of our budget. And before we got married, my husband bought this really nice truck that he could afford or he thought he could afford then. And that was before we met, before we got married.


And now it's costing us almost as much as our mortgage. And we owe about $25,000 more than the car's worth right now. Mm. 25 More than it's worth Or what is it? Actually two five more than it's worth. Oh my, Okay. How much do you guys owe on it? About 55. 55,000. Okay. And you're thinking you can only Kelly Blue book it for what, 25? About 30, 30, 25, 30? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Is your husband willing to get rid of it? He is. And he's actually making a, a big chunk of change right now.


He's working up in Alaska so he's making about four times as much as he normally would. Oh wow. So I've been trying to convince him to throw all this extra income at the truck, but he's saying no, let's just stick to the snowball plan and go smallest to largest. Well it's a lot of money that we could be using for other bills if we could get rid of the truck. Well, why don't you walk us through where you are on the, the snowball right now. What are you guys? What Walk that out for us. Smallest to largest. Yes. We pay off the mortgage is 1400. No, no, no. Tell me your current debts. Smallest to largest. Oh, I see. Okay. So we have credit card that's about $600 left.


Okay. His credit card, which is about 5,000. We have, I'm sorry that wasn't small solar largest, but No, you're fine. So my credit card, which is about 600, I have a personal loan for 2000. We have a joint loan together for 3000. He's got a credit card for five, his own personal loan for 7,000. And then I have student loans for about 8,000 Right up. Then you have my card. It's like 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. It's like Step kids. Okay, so then the 8,000 student loan and then the truck or is there another one?


And then my car. Okay. Which is about 22,000. Okay. Now what's that worth? And then his truck, what's the $22,000 car worth? About 20. Okay. And how much are you guys making a month now that his income is up? What, what what, what are you, what is he bringing in Right now? He's bringing in about 16,000 a month. 16,000 a month. Golly. That's amazing. How much, how Long, much surplus is that? If you do your full budget, sorry Rachel. No go. If you do your, if you got all your expenses, including the minimum payments on debt, how much extra do you have now that he's making this 16,000 a month? Yes. So our expenses right now are about 1500 a week.


So that's about 6,000, 6,000 a month. So that's about 8,000 surplus. Okay. And how long has he been doing this? I'm just asking these questions for Rachel 'cause she's running numbers here for you. So how long has he been making that extra money and how much longer will he make that in the Alaska? So he's been doing it for about four weeks and he's gonna continue to do it for about three more. Oh, three more weeks short. He's short so it very short, Very long. Yeah. Does Have okay. Does very short. Okay. Is that because of his deci? Is that because he's choosing to make it shorter or is it because of what he's doing? There's only like that much contract or whatever. It's, It's just seasonal. It's like a contract thing. He's a crane operator.


Okay, gotcha, gotcha. Well what I would say is, yeah, I mean I'm on his team with going ahead and just, 'cause you would not, you guys would knock out one to, you know, close to three of these debts using the debt snowball with this extra money coming in, being able to knock those out with the surplus. And if he's gonna be working for three more weeks doing, that's like, yeah, so I, I would stick to the snowball method and then I would challenge you guys and just say, you know, you know your, like, you guys can keep the cars and keep trucking down the debt snowball, but run the math and just say, what if we did sell them at a loss, right?


So you would have to take out a personal loan. So for yours and for you to have a car, you know, you'll have to take out to probably seven, $7,000 loan. It's for you to get a crappy car and pay the 2000 that you owe on yours that, that you're underwater. And then for him, you know, what if you guys took a $30,000 loan versus a $55,000 loan, right? I mean, you're shortening the life of this so significantly because of two cars. You know what I mean? Like it's, it, it hurts so bad to say that it's upside down and it's like, I mean it's just, it's sickening, right? I mean, how much you guys are paying per month for this stuff. I get it. But I think I, I, if you can get a credit union to give you guys two other personal loans, I think that's what I would do.


And then Kelly Blue book these individually. I agree Because this is an expensive truck. We're talking 55 grand After he's been driving it for two to three years. I mean like Yeah. Yeah. I, I think I would take the hit too. And, and just, just, you know, you're also going to get a, a real raise here after you start knocking out some of these debts. So I agree with hubs, but I, but I would but the, I wanna make sure you hear what we're saying. Work the snowball. Okay. And he's right about that with the extra income, however, take the hit and get rid of both cars. Yeah. What were you doing before Shelby before you went home as a stay at home mom? Yeah, I was a court clerk. Okay, okay. 'cause I'm just trying to think.


I just know a family right now personally and she's work, she was a stay at home mom for years and she's working three days a week now to get them moving and going. So I'm like, that's interesting. Just, I just wonder for a season if there is something that's, and I don't know what that looks like. I don't know if you, you probably can't do that virtually. I, I was gonna, I got a photography business on the side too. Oh Do How many hours a week are you spending on that? It's not super regular that way, but I'd say it's probably maybe a thousand dollars a month. Okay, That's great. I'm, that's great. I'm wondering, but I'm with Rachel on this. I wonder if we take that skillset and experience of being a court clerk. So we're talking about details, right?


Good listener, you're administrative in nature, is that right? You enjoy that and you're good at it. Dotting the i's crossing the T's. I wonder if You don't look into maybe doing virtual executive assistant or something like that. Yeah. Even if it's 20 hours a week. 30 hours a week. Because you can do that in your sleep because Shelby, something like that. Yeah. 'cause I'm just thinking how much do you guys make a year when he goes back to his normal salary? How normal Year? About a hundred thousand. A hundred thousand a year. And what was your previous salary as a court clerk? About 55. Oh, I wonder if you can't get 40,000, even 50,000 as an executive assistant and you do it all virtual. I'm just running really fast math here, but I'm like, if you guys are using all this extras, I'm going down my list and if you go and get that loan for 30 and seven and pay, pay the cars, it's basically right at $50,000 that you guys guys have left with those cars and then the other student loan and personal loan.


So that's kinda what it goes down to, to say after all the smoke clears, we're gonna have about 50 grand left to pay off. We make a hundred grand. That's Doable. Yeah. So I like that's very doable. What if we, yeah, what if there was something for six months? You know, it, it doesn't have to be long that there's just something to bring in just because the whole, the whole goal here, which you know, but is just to fast forward this process, do this as fast as possible. We call it gazelle intensity, but just get through it as fast as possible and there's gonna be some sacrifices, things you don't wanna do, but it's for such a short amount of time, it's six months to a year and be done with all of this. Right. And then save up for the emergency fund and replacing your cars. Yeah. Because you guys are gonna want new cars after the beaters that you buy that are crappy.


But it, it's just this idea of this progress really fast. So yeah, that the photography stuff's great. I mean a thousand bucks is usually what we see as side hustle. People bring in. If they can bring in a thousand dollars a month, that's great And That's great by the way, Shelby, I didn't wanna sneeze at that. No, but I do think your skill, but there's so Even more. Yeah, you have a lot to offer. Yeah. So I'm just like, man, I wonder for, you know, and I know it's not ideal and I know as a mom too, you know, when you decide, 'cause I even pulled back from work a lot when my third was born and you kind of have this mindset of like, okay, I'm gonna be more present as a mom, I'm here. And so to kind of rewind that a little bit and plug work back in. Yeah, that's a hard mental, it is obstacle Shelby. So I get that. But my only hope in all of it is that it's, it's for such a short period of time and I really, I think, I think you guys can do this and work as a team, but to answer your original call, Shelby, I think we agree with the husband.


Throw it at the debt snowball. But that's right. Ken and I both agree, sell those cars. Absolutely take a loan for the difference and keep on going. Make no mistake, it's gonna be painful to drive a piece of crap for a while. But if you got your mindset on where this gets us, then you can drive anything. And here's the deal. Park around the corner, I'm gonna walk a little bit.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of Cobra has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. But CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. CHM program started as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Alright, let's go to Rachel in Phoenix, Arizona. Rachel, how can Rachel and I help you? Hi, thank you so much for taking my call. You guys. You bet. What's going on? So my question is, I have a studio that I would like to renovate and it's gonna cost about 10 grand and would it be a bad idea to rent it out to my parents? Ugh. I'm gonna go ahead without any information and say yes, but I, but I'm going to admit early on Rachel, that well that might be a snap reaction. That was a snap reaction. Ken. I'll give it To Ken. I'm, I'm owning this. Okay, Tell us more. Yeah, give us more of the, of the why, Why would we do that? Okay, so I got this idea and I got the sense of urgency because my father shared with me his retirement plan in January and he has very bad bad spending habits.


He did say that his plan is to retire in Mexico, be a gold miner with $30,000 that he has and basically leave my mom here with his social security checks so she can keep paying their rent. And their rent is $1,200. And that's the same exact amount that he gets for social security. So I'm kind of freaking out here and thinking, you know, my mom won't be able to keep up with that payment on her own. So I know my dad is going to splurge and spend his money in about one or two years and he is going to come back and want to also move in with my mother in the back studio I have.


So in order to maybe not enable his bad spending habits, that's where I was like, okay, what if I charge them rent? And part of it would be to pay me back for the renovations I've done. But the other part is to secretly fund for their retirement and any future bills that that's gonna fall on me. But you're not gonna get paid. Do you realize that Rachel? They're not gonna pay you. They're not gonna have any money. Yeah, This is a disaster. Okay, so Rachel, how But you can't stop. I wanna know how you, how are you financially, how much debt do you have? How much savings do you have? Thankfully my husband and I are almost debt free. We have a paid off mortgage. Okay. And savings. We both have about a hundred thousand.


Okay. For Retirement. For retirement, okay. And How much? And 5,000 for emergency. 5,000 for emergencies. How much debt do you have left? $500. Oh, okay. So you'll pay that off this month? I mean you'll, that'll be done. That's amazing. Okay, so how much do you guys make a year? We make 120,000. 120,000. Okay. So, man, okay, I got have so many thoughts I have of thoughts. I Know. Gonna college, do you Wanna go First? Wait, you have what? You have what? We have two boys that are four, four and six years from going to college. So we're trying to hurry up and pay for a college fund.


Yeah. So here that, okay, so I gotta jump in real quick with a question then I'm with Rachel. I don't think you can expect any money from them. So for this moment, let's suspend this idea that they're gonna pay you and I'll pay this thing off and whatever, whatever. My question is, if they live with you in this studio, how much money are they going to cost you? Assuming they don't pay you rent? Is it going to be any kind of a, a utility suck or something like is it minimal as to what they'll actually cost you and your husband? Yeah, I'll say it's minimal maybe. Okay. Combined with electricity and whatnot, it'll be like 300.


Okay. Month. I just wanted to know that. I also wanted Rachel to hear that too. So it's gonna be a minimal increase. 'cause we have to assume, I think Rachel's right, that dad's gonna go do something really dumb and, and boy, boy Is gold mining like a thing in Mexico? Is that, is that like a, I that was a question I had. I don't hear a lot about it so I, I don't know what video. Is he for Real Rachel? Is he kind of just saying like, I'm just gonna leave? Well no, he really wants to be Yosemite Sam because he did it in his teenage years and he has a friend who has a golden How old are your parents, Dan? Vomit. Sorry, I just had to say that for everybody who knows who Yosemite Sam is. It's an older demographic.


I gotta point out All the boomers are laughing. How, how old are your parents Rachel? My dad is 71. Okay. And my mother is 61. Oh geez. Okay. And how old are you guys? We're 35. Oh man. Okay. Yeah. This is a, so here, I mean here's the reality and this is what's always so difficult about family relationships. When the child, when you're the parent, that's what's happening. Rachel, you are flipping and that's not fair to you. So I just need to say first and foremost, this is not your responsibility. It's not like you can only control you. They are going to dig themselves into whatever hole finding gold or doing whatever they're gonna do.


And It's literally he's gonna dig himself in a Hole. I know. So like, like you can't stop that. Right? And so there is one side of the coin and some people are like this where they're like, We are putting up a boundary. Right? It would be like if your husband was like, We are absolutely not funding your crazy parents. No, we're not doing this. Like people put a hard boundary and it's like mom and dad, y'all have to grow up at some point and I'm not gonna be the safety and I'm not gonna be the parent. Yeah. So that's one side of the coin. Ken may lean more on that side. Oh I promise you. You know me Well I know. And but then there's another part, Rachel, a human part with a heart That I have a heart that I also have a brain that Does say to a point like, am I really gonna let my parents be on the side of the road if I have the ability You're not gonna be on the side of the road.


You know why? Because Rachel's mom is gonna look at at, if I went to Stacey, my wife of almost 20, but You're her parents. You're not her parents, But, but Rachel, your mom at some point is gonna tell your dad to wake up and smell the coffee. Is she not? She has. And we've had the pastor intervene and family members with the spending habits and that's why they are where they are right now. Does your mom, does your mom work? She works 12 hours a week. Not Much. Okay. Well if I were her, not if she was calling this show Rachel right now, I would tell her as much as we talk about combining finances and being one as a team, he is, he he is the most risk possible for her not to retire.


I agree. So if I were her, I would be working 40 hours a week that I would be creating my own retirement. That I mean honestly because he's a child. Like this is like this is crazy. Yeah. My yeah. You know what I mean? Like it's just, But here's, here's something I wanna point out. Rachel, please speak up to this, okay? Because I'm Jo you right Rachel Phoenix. Rachel, Rachel And Phoenix. I believe that this is kind like a teenager. I think your dad needs to be treated like a teenager. And that's why I agree with my, my, my partner here. Rachel's advice on this. Have mom take care of mom for a bit. 'cause I don't think anybody's gonna get through to this guy. The only thing that's gonna get through to him is, Davis said this for decades. When you, when you land so hard you bounce And I think this guy, I hate this what I'm about to say, but I think the family, including your mom's gonna go, you have to get rock bottom.


All Right pal. Go to Mexico, please for the love of God be safe. But let the guy go digging. Yeah. And let him go gold mining. And when he doesn't find any gold and he runs out of all money, he's a bit of the prodigal here. Yeah. And I think it's the only shot you have A hitting rock bottom like is to let This guy get this out of his system. He's 71. I think this is his last hurrah and I think he probably doesn't even realize and I think to get his attention, but I think mom protects herself. I agree so much with Rachel Cruz on this. Rachel, your thoughts on that? I mean where's mom at on this deal? 'cause you're trying to help and I don't think, by the way Yeah, I wanna make sure we come back to this point. I don't think this is your problem, even though it feels like it. I don't think it's your problem.


So my mom opened up her own secret account, but for 20,000 and she's afraid that she has to speak on it when they file their taxes together and he's going to find out Not for a savings account, trying No for high yield savings. She doesn't need a report to taxes, Right? No. Just earned income. Right. Investments. I mean if You're I don't think so. I don't think so. I would, I would, here's the deal, I'm not a tax pro. I was certain about it until you looked at me sideways and I was like, then I started thinking, I don't think that's gonna be an issue. But I would, again, I would have her consult with a tax pro. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and He'll know what she earned. Yeah. So that he will see. But again she's, but listen, that's okay.


Yeah. I'm okay with that conversation. Yes, totally. I'm not, I'm suggesting by the way that this is a secret secret. It said that. That's right. Don't even make it a secret secret. I think she needs to be bold and go, Hey Yosemite, Sam, I gotta take care of me because there's a good chance, look, this is really gonna be harsh, but I'm gonna say it. There's a chance this guy goes down there and, and, and falls into something bad. I mean I gold mining in Mexico, you might as well get on a rollercoaster without the seatbelt. I don't think this is a wise decision. I'm not in any way making light of that. But she's gotta protect herself And I would say to her, she looks at him and goes, you're putting us at risk. Yeah. So Rachel, Which this crazy venture, So the renting the studio thing, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. And the only way I would do it is that it's a ministry to mom and dad and we don't need the income as rental.


That's right. And we're gonna fix it up for them and it's there for them. They need need a landing and you're gonna be a good daughter but, but like I would expect zero, zero money from them. But if you guys need this as rental income for your life to fund your kids' college. Sorry mom and dad, we're renting to someone else. Tell you one thing I am gonna do. I am going to see what the gold mining situation is in Mexico. I she's gotten my a kid doesn't Show back up to the show. We know where he's Gone. Ken went to Home Depot to get a punch of pick axes.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget and a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5% and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan so make sure you run the numbers. But for some people it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


Alright, let's get to our RAMSEY show question of the day. It's brought to you by why refi, if you're feeling stuck with defaulted private student loan payments, why refi can reduce your payments and help you regain control of your finances? Take the first step towards getting unstuck by visiting why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Antonio In Indiana, I'm 20 years old and getting married this year. Once we combine finances, we will have no debt and we'll be making 202 $205,000 a year. While we feel extremely blessed, we just recently started earning this much. So it's a little intimidating In the next two years we could easily save for a 20% down payment in addition to an emergency fund. Do you have any tips on how we should re remain content with renting during that time? The longing to reach my goals often in the clouds often clouds the journey it took to get there. And I don't want that to be the case for the first two years of marriage. Oh that's good.


Very good question. What say you, you're the contentment queen? I don't know. I'm preaching to myself all the time Ken. Okay. I don't, this may be a little Pollyanna but I also think when you get married that's such a newness in life that this whole thing of like, oh gosh, I gotta like do the next thing. Money-wise, the intensity kind of changes in a sense 'cause your whole life has changed. Like you're starting this new life with a, with a new partner and you're like, you're doing all of this. So there's almost this element of life. Yeah. That changes. That's exciting. That may kind of help naturally kind of loosen this like discontent you may feel towards a money goal. It's like when you have a baby, right? Yeah. Like it's just something just changes and you kinda have like this new thing in life.


And then once you kind of get the rhythm of that, if we ever get the rhythm of marriage, let's be honest. It's like then from there you guys, I mean that then you'll be like, okay we have 12 months and we'll be good. So I think being, yeah, as present as possible though I've learned this Ken recently with some stuff I've been reading because staying completely present is so difficult. 'cause we're always extremely thinking forward. Extremely. Or thinking backwards of like, oh gosh, even at lunch today, da da. I mean you're, you're just where our minds go, it's rarely in the present. So it's almost a practice to be present. I mean it really is 'cause we just we're either forward and back all the time. So I think it's hard for a lot of people, but also, I don't know Antonio, I think you'll be okay. I think that there's a fun new element of your life that's about to change with marriage and you're gonna enjoy that.


And I don't know there'll be enough distractions. I think With, when I was 14 adapting, I had an old pastor tell me, looked me in the eye and I'll never forget he took, he had his bible in his hand and he kind of thumped me on the shoulder and he says, young man, hear me on this. Don't sacrifice the future on the altar of the immediate. Now that's a lot of old man speak, but what that statement says is don't risk or sacrifice your future on how you're feeling in the now. And so to Antonio, I would say, how do you stick with renting while you're accumulating that down payment? You start looking towards the future and you say, if I wait and I get that 20% down payment and I do it the right way and I buy that way when I'm ready, my future is so much better.


But if I don't wait right now and I go in and I become house poor, what is that gonna do to mind? Sorry, to my mind, my wife's mind. Yep. So just look out to the future and go, what do I want that future to be? And that's going require me to sacrifice. Now you want to go lose weight, you wanna lose 30 pounds by summer? Well now we start to go, I have got to win the now and I've gotta be disciplined in the now or else I don't get where I want to be. You can pick any category of life. So that would be my encouragement there. Two things I wanna get to really quick. I want to go back. You and I did a little research. You did the research. Oh yes. I wanna cover that tax Question for the interest.


Yeah. Yeah. So the interest earned on the high yield savings. Yeah. If it's over $125 in 2024, yeah it is. It is considered earned income. So if she, which depending on how long she's had that 20 grand in the high yield. That's right. Yep. There will be taxes on that. But to, but we'll circle back to that call again is who cares if it, if he learns about it, you know, It didn't change our advice, he should Be learning about it. He should know about regardless of But did or not, we wanted to clarify that. No, that's good.


And by the way, that's a what we would call a simple tax situation. So if you have a simple tax situation, I wanna make you aware of Ramsey Smart Tax, we're really excited about this. This is a 100% accurate tax software that's gonna save you up to 80% compared to what you see on TV and commercials. And here's what's cool. It's powered by tax layer. A lot of, you know, tax layer. So RAMSEY partnered with Tax Layer, they've been in the industry for 50 years. We've got it doctored up the RAMSEY way. So that's a great simple tax solution. It's called Ramsey Smart Tax. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Alright. I think you call that Wooster. We'll find out. Is it, is it I can I, is it Wor sister? I have a, or is it Wooster? I have a fun fact about Worcester. Okay. Take put Jessica On. Oh you wanna get her on it? Okay, let's, let's talk to Jessica. So let's go to Jessica. Jessica. Is it Wooster, mass? It's Worcester. Worcester. Wooster. I should have known Worcester. Jessica, do you know Holy Cross that's there. I know Holy Cross very well. Yes. My best friend graduated from Holy Cross. Okay. My brother-in-law played basketball there. Fun connection. Very cool. Yes, I know. And I went to a, an American versus Holy Cross basketball game in dc. Did you really? And watched it happen. So anyways, did you That's my fun track About that. You get a funnel cake while you were There. No, very true.


Yeah. Alright. How, How can we help? How can we help you Jessica? Well first thank you guys for what you do. I'm really grateful to be speaking with you. And my question is a little bit of context really quick. My husband and I are currently working baby step two. We've been working it since July of last year. We are on pace to complete baby step two at the end of April. So next month. Nice. And then we will be at baby steps. Thank you. Four and five by this August. So saving for our kids' college fund this August. But at that time our twins will be 15 and heading into their sophomore year of high school. And while I wish we found you guys sooner, we didn't. So we will be starting from scratch. And my question is, what is the best way to go approach saving for their college fund knowing that we're gonna need to dip into it within three years.


Does it still make sense to invest in a a 5 29? Is there something else that you would recommend is my question? Honestly, I would recommend a 5 29 more to you guys than even others. We always, we always recommend a 5 29 'cause it grows tax free for educational purposes. So the money in there that the big fear around five 20 nines, especially people that have young kids, is that they're gonna overfund it and or college is gonna change so much between now and 18 years that who knows like if that money gets stuck. So there's some caution around it with people with younger kids. But for you guys, I mean, yeah, I would for sure I would sit down with a smart ster pro because they're gonna be able to look at what the market's doing. They're actually, a lot of these financial advisors who are great, they're gonna be able to run these numbers to know, okay, should they go in more aggressive funds, more conservative funds and they're gonna do the best to really work with you guys.


But I, yeah, I mean if I were you, I would, I would, I would go ahead and invest into a 5 29 for them. Are they, what's, what's expectation of college for them? Is it state school, community college? Where, where are they? Are they scholarships in the future? What are you thinking? Great question. So it's a little bit up in the air. There's definitely the possibility of, you know, college. So I've got a boy and a girl, my daughter is considering, you know, being a vet. They're in an agricultural high school right now. But they both are also talking about potentially joining the military to help fund their college. Oh that's smart. So there's smarts so much up in the air. Okay. Yeah. Love That. The GI bill would be a answer to prayer for you, wouldn't it?


Absolutely. And we've learned that I guess the Army ROTC pays for vet school as well, so. Nice. Yeah. How much do you guys make a year, Jessica, you and your husband Co combined? We make two 40. Okay. Oh great. Yeah. Okay. So a follow up, let's go right where you left us off in the, in the actual question, 10, 11, 12, those high school years, how much do you anticipate that you could sock away in each child's 5 29? What do you think that would be? So I'm projecting that once we get into August and we're at that step five, we'll have approximately five to 6,000 each month of extra, you know, what was previously our snowball.


So split it up, let's say 2,500 each, maybe a month Potentially. But then there's also things, you know, I'm the nerd in the relationship, so I'm thinking, All Right, we're both gonna need new cars in about two Years. Yeah. You can't take all of that sur plus and split it to the 5 29. Right. So what do you think is more realistic? Yeah, I was, I don't know if you know a thousand each makes sense. So it's like half of it is going to 5 29 and half of it's going towards the other. Yeah, that's, That's Why. And I behind is what I was thinking. Yeah. Yeah. And I think too, Jessica, number one, communicating with the kids. You guys all need to be on the same page of what's happening here. No debt. Debt is just off the table. So what other options do we have besides debt? Is it community college, is it not?


And you guys are in the northeast and they love their education up there. So there may be a humble pill to swallow too that they may not go to the college they want. So for that, I'm gonna say that I say this though, if my kids were thinking about the military, what a great growing up experience. Not to mention the financial benefit.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And That's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And There's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find. That's Right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. I love these reports so far. Get this, they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. That comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. It's amazing. So again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to talk about your money, your profession, and your relationships alongside Rachel Cruz. I'm Ken Coleman. Excited that you're with us. The phone number to jump in is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Billings, Montana is where we're gonna go. Christy is there Christy, How can we help? So I have been in a relationship for about 10 years and I am very much secure in my assets and my boyfriend is not. And I wanted to know if there's anything that I could do to avoid or to protect my assets from what could possibly be common bond marriage. Marriage. Well, okay, so when you say could be possibly, Rachel and I are not common law marriage experts.


We certainly don't know the law in Montana. So what do you know? 'cause it sounds like you're uncertain. Well, I don't know. I think there's a seven. He's not living me with me right now. We were talking about it, but I think there's a seven year living together. And you guys have been sharing a residence for seven plus years. No, no, no. We have not as of yet. And I don't wanna get there. I don't want to be put in the position that it becomes a common mom marriage. Okay. Why? I don't, what's up with the relationship, Christine? That's what I wanna know. Whatcha are you guys doing? Why don't you get married? Do you, do you love him? We've both been married. We're older. But what does that have to do with anything? Why aren't we married?


Yeah. Because we didn't see a, we live in different cities and we didn't see a reason to like we've had kids, we've done the whole thing. You still live in separate cities. Yep. How far away? It's, it's great. You should try it. Okay. Wow, that's, that's a little awkward. I think I'm good. I'm very happily married. Good, good. I'm rolling into 27 years and I actually, this is gonna freak you out Christy. I sleep in the same bed as Stacey. It's wonderful that you should try that. Totally fine. Awesome. Now, now I'll tell you mouth tape has really helped. It's, it's helped. I used the mouth tape. Now Rachel, I haven't told you this. You're Like an old man. That's an old man move. It's a a great move.


Great marriage move. It's a great move. Stacey's happy about it. Okay, so you, how far apart do you all live? A couple hours. Okay. So why, how Often do you get together? Why are you worried about the common law marriage? You guys aren't living together. Yeah, Because we're now looking to, so now my daughter's in college so we're now looking to what does the future look Like? How old are you guys? I'm 56. Okay, You're not too old. Okay. So according to what I'm seeing here, a common law marriage in Montana is recognized if the parties are competent to marry. I don't know if you're competent to Mary Christy after that one comment you made mutually agreed to allowed. Hold On, hold on. You are Christy. I don't know Christy, you're a little saucy today and I can be saucy back.


You, you have to mutually agree to the marital relationship and then cohabit. Well you guys aren't cohabiting For how long does it give timeframe? We do What does It, does it give a timeframe at all? No, No. Just his cohabit. We know what cohabiting is. Well I know but usually there's a timeframe with common law marriage if you have been together for you know, 12 years or whatever it Is per it doesn't say. But again, have you guys ever lived in the same house? Well for what period of time? Just to answer the question. Yes. We've lived in, we've, yes we have. How long? A couple weeks. That's not a common law marriage. I might as well have the judges. She's gonna though. She's gonna, you won't like that.


I Listen, you're gonna have to do it for a long period of time on that deal. I just, I I'm not sure we can answer your question 'cause I don't think you guys actually It the definition of it's not gonna happen unless you guys are together for okay living together for a longer period of Time. I, in this case would say common law marriage. I don't think under our RAMSEY way of thinking, I don't think I'd combine finances. I don't think, I think you're keeping your assets separately. Your question was how do I protect my assets? I don't think you guys are combine 'em. 'cause I don't think this is a real marriage. I think you guys get together for conjugal visits. If I can be very blunt. That's what I think this is. Geez, It's more than that. You don't do as long as we've been doing for conjugal visits.


I'm just saying you've been together for two hours apart For 10 years. How often do You guys see each other in a year? We see each other every weekend. My point exactly. Okay. Just, I'm just saying this isn't a marriage. I'm not judging her. So sorry. You called today. I I'm not judging you. I swear I'm not judging you. Okay Christy, our advice would be you are 56, Keep 56 ass Separate. You still have a good, you know, 30, 35 years together. You could have a longer marriage than what Ken has today. Don. For when Married savings. I don't, that's not a marriage. No, but They could have if they got married, they're Not going to. But That's what I'm telling her. She called our show. She doesn't wanna get married. My advice that I would get married.


Oh, okay, I see what you're saying. And you have another 30, 35 great years. Maybe my papa's 96. So that's what, 45 years. I mean like love, I Love your sweet papa Paul. You've got a long way to go, Christy. And so all of this would be summed up if you're like, yeah, we wanna be in a committed, if not then don't have a permanent residence together. And the common law marriage isn't even an issue And keep assets separate. Do you Agree? And keep assets separate? Yeah, that was my whole point. But I think some people will go to court if they, if they break up though, I think that they can, it can feel like a marriage where it's 50 50 regardless of, I dunno. Anyways, Kristi, now after all of that and I tried to answer your question honestly, I'm having fun with you, but I'm dead serious. Everything I said I completely stand behind. No judgment by the way. Zero judgment. You do what you want to with your life.


I'm a libertarian on that deal. Alright. What I am saying is, is that I would keep the assets separately. 'cause I don't think you guys actually want to even do the common law marriage. Am I missing that or is that what you're saying you're thinking about doing? So that's, well, if we're thinking about marriage, possibly we're thinking about moving in together. We're thinking about a lot of different options, but, Well, if you move in together, I agree with Rachel, you should get married. It's, the statistics are absolutely undeniable that it is better for you and Rachel's right, you're gonna have a greater quality of life. Now, if you don't love him and he is not marriage material, then, then I wouldn't be living with him anyways. Well, I having questions, do I? Yeah, Yeah.


I wouldn't be having this conversation if that wasn't the case. Yeah, right. Exactly. Exactly. I don't know. I don't know if, if you love this guy so much. So why Are you so hesitant in this? 'cause I, here's why. I'll tell you why I'm hesitant and I'm on your team. He didn't call. So underneath this snappy sweater here, I've got a Team Christie shirt on. Okay? So I'm cheering for you. I mean this, okay, here's what I'm, and You're better off financially, Christie. Yeah. So what I'm hearing is, if you were my sister Christie, I'd be like, SIS, what are you doing? You don't love this guy that much. If you did, you couldn't stand and be away from him. My wife left town last week with my daughter for a trip with her sister, and they were gone for four nights.


I really, truly missed my wife. I could not do what you're doing. So maybe, and I'm, I'm honest about this. Maybe it's just me, but I don't see enough evidence that you really want to commit to this guy and truly marry this guy. Based on one of the first comments you said, you were like, well, I said, why? And you went, well, we're just older now. And I think you've rationalized it. And I also don't think that you can, I think you can live without this guy. And this is not my opinion. You see this guy once a week and you live a couple hours away. That ain't leaving Cleave, in my opinion. Now I'm old school old, and I don't mind when you push back on me, but, but Christie, that's why I'm a little bit cynical.


I think if you would've said, you know what? We've done it this way for a long time, but now I just can't. I can't live without him. And I want us to have our life completely intertwined. For better or for worse. Rich or poor, bad. Tuesday night, great. Thursday morning, whatever. I don't hear that from you. Therefore, I don't want you To do it. The fact, is there any fat Christie that there's a level of you that you've handled money, well, you're successful. And he hasn't. That's a little bit of a deterrent. That's a huge deterrent. Ah. Oh, you buried the leagues A huge, there we go. That would've been nice to know five minutes ago, man. I definitely stand by what I think. Do not move in with this dude. Yeah, don't move in. Do not marry this dude until you guys are on the same page. Yes. Don't marry him unless you're on the same page. And don't combine your finances.


Keep them separate. What are we doing on the weekends? Christy? What are you doing? This guy's not like values. I stand by what I said. I wasn't trying to be salty. I like Christie. But this is a, there's a guy in the lobby that greets with me. This is adult conjugal visits. We're playing house. I got head shaken all throughout the lobby. I stand by what I say. Rachel, Stand firm. Ken Stand firm. Oh, it's tough being a Puritan.


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're not gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys. I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch For decades, Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse. They've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Erritory, you're gonna have a crisis here. You know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. It's saying, I love you to your family. Term life insurance, Jeff Xander, and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending, and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Will the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget? That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me. Go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


Let's go to Sue in Sacramento. Sue, How can we help today? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. Yes, we have baby number seven on the way, and We are considering a move to ca to Texas. My husband and I have been talking about it and I wanted to bring it by to you guys and see what you thought. We're coming into some money. We don't have a lot of savings, but we're trying to decide if we want to pay off debt first and stick it out here or move to Texas for lower cost of living. And so my kids can go to school. Wow. Nice. Sounds like there's two really good positive. Is this also a good professional move for both of you? It could be. There's definitely jobs in the same price range as what we're earning now.


So it's, it's gonna be about the same. Okay. Earning, But just different taxes. But if we combine that with the other two issues, it sounds like this is a real big win. So what, when somebody calls in this situation, and it sounds like, you know, there's a lot of positives here. What are you considering? What are you worried about that you want to get our take on? What do we not know that's giving you pause? Right. Well the main thing is just that, you know, we've outgrown our house here. We've outgrown our car here. We're always in the, you know, falling into the negative. And we do still have debt to pay off. So it's like when we do come into this money, you know, are we gonna be spending it on making a move? 'cause obviously it's gonna cost a lot to move seven kids out to Texas.


Oh, okay. Or are we going to try to get our situation looking a little better? Okay. So let's go into that. So let's paint the picture here for Rachel. All Right. So tell us how much money you're gonna get or that you believe you're gonna get. And then let's walk through your debt. So how much money are you getting first? So about 10,000 is what we got in our, our tax return, something like that. Okay. And then tell us your debt situation. So we owe 13 K on the car and then we have 23 K that we're not currently paying and charge off and collection From credit cards Basically. Yeah. Some medical stuff and yeah, credit cards. Okay.


Now what do you think the move is gonna cost? Oh, I mean I, I was thinking it might take somewhere around 8,000. I mean the whole, I don't think that's unreasonable. What I would tell you to do is get about three, four quotes and let's come down to a pretty concrete number. And so let's just play off the 8,000. Rachel, let's say the move costs about 8,000 and, but, but it does lower your cost of living. I'm curious, do you know, or can you ballpark what your new budget would be with the lower cost of living so that we know how much more we're gonna keep if we're gonna have the same jobs? And you said similar jobs, so I'm assuming similar pay. So what's the analysis there? How much more money would you have at the end of the month, if you will?


That we could put towards the debt with, if we move, I, I haven't calculated it exactly, but I know the cost of living is gonna be a lot less in terms of everything across the board. Right now we're about 650 over budget every month. And that's because of how much we pay in California. And I know Texas would probably give us a lot more wiggle room. Yeah, For sure. I mean I Would do it based on this. 'cause I think what, what's not mentioned in this is I think you guys are gonna have a better quality of life. Is that what you think? Absolutely. Yeah. Right now my kids have no religious freedom to go to school. Yeah. So I'm not able to work.


I work per DM because I'm home with them. And Could you work in Texas full-time? I do think I could work, yes. Yeah. What kind of income are we talking about there? Well, I'm a nurse so I make, I make a good LVN, but I make around $40 an hour. That's great. There's some Texas jobs that pay more, you know, out there Actually need Rachel. I think this iss a no-brainer because it's not that much debt and they can Tackle it and you know, and Sue, I'll just encourage you, I feel like we've heard more and more over the last probably three years or so of people making this move people. Oh yeah. And I hate to pick on California, but it's just true. They're leaving California and they're going to Florida, Texas. Texas. This is an extreme example, but you and I have a friend, I will not mention his name 'cause he's a public figure.


We have a good friend, mutual friend. Yes, yes. Who essentially bought a house in Nashville on the savings from his taxes in California. Yes, exactly. Now he's very successful. Yeah, but that's real. But genuinely. Yes. That's Crazy. So I, for that reason, I think this is not, that's the only debt you have is, is And there's a, you know, and for the kids' school, I mean, you think about that, right? You add on all these layers of what kids, The kids get to go to school, she can work Yeah. Of what life can look like. And then you may guys get in a situation soon and then You don't have to work in three years, you know? 'cause you guys are ahead and you've, I Love That. Paid off debt and everything. Sue, What do you think Now? And you think about the housing even, I mean, again, housing is expensive everywhere, but compared to California, I Feel like this is a no brainer.


Sue, do you feel better, worse, the same? I feel better. Yeah. I'm excited. I What does your husband wanna do To really hear that? Well, it's hard to talk to money. Money talk with him. He always thinks I'm coming down on him about his income, you know, and it's not that, no. You know, I, I respect him and I appreciate his hard work. I try to tell him a lot. I appreciate him working hard, but I just, you know, Does he wanna do the move has has the move? That's the question. Has he, have you guys talked about this together as a couple? We have and he is pondering and he is looking and he is, you know, he has his eyes peeled and he's actually open to it a little bit more these days. Okay. Since things have gotten pretty bad. So I, I think he's open to it, but it's hard to talk to money with him about money.


I mean, we end up just walking away from the conversation And it, and, and it's, and it's him, you're saying when you approach it, he gets defensive, Right? Yeah. Like he just doesn't wanna be told what to do or, you know, talk about our earnings or, okay. I got A thought. Why, what is, what, what is it? I'm curious. It's just kind of always been that way. I've always been kind of the breadwinner in a way that I've always made more. And now that I'm a stay at home mom and he's doing it, you know, we've cut down so many things that I, I've become honestly a little bitter. And I probably have been not the nicest about it and I mean, I don't yell at him or anything, but you know, it's probably not nice to hear that, you know, he's really not making enough to, to provide out here in California, Unfortunately.


Yeah, that's exactly tell you right now you just self-diagnosed the a man, a man put so much self-worth in his ability to provide and with the dynamics you just shared with us, I think there's some potential healing there. And I think you gotta defrost the situation a little bit. I'm not saying it's all on you, but you acknowledge some things and I think the dynamics have changed. And where you were the breadwinner, now you come home, he's not making enough. This is a tough situation. I wonder if we don't pivot this move to a non-money conversation and the move is about life. And I'm curious, with that being said, does he agree with you that a move to Texas would be better for the kid's school schooling situation?


He didn't for, he didn't for the longest and even a few weeks ago, he didn't agree that Texas has a lower cost of living. I mean it is completely in denial. It's like a family thing, like wanting to stay by family to understand. But So there's family in Sacramento On Facebook? Yes. Yeah. Well His family. Your family, They're all the way in Monterey. So they're all the way, they're far away. Okay. But yeah, they're in California, so it's kind of a whole California we're, you know, we're born and raised here, so. Got it. It's a mentality. A lot of people deal with this, you know, it's hard to leave here. Sure. But Sure. But let me get back to where we work. He's, he's opening His eyes. Does he now agree with you that cost of living is significantly less in Texas?


He's on board with that. He does. He now agrees. Yeah. Lot. What about The schooling More and the schooling is, you know, it's a hit or miss with him because he does like that we homeschool. He doesn't love the school here, but I think in Texas he would be okay with them going to school because it's a lot safer. Yeah. The value, The values. So I think y'all need to take a weekend trip. Yeah, Well and I, And visit and let him see it. You guys need to pick an area. Yeah, I'm gonna suggest that. Yeah. And I think, Sue, you guys need to press into this. I'm just hearing enough Yeah. Of I understand what Ken said, that so much is tied. I mean so much of America, let's be honest, of our self-worth is tied to our money. What we make, how much is in our account, what kind of car we drive.


I mean, so much is attached to that. And, and I, so I understand why he can get defensive, but I also, if I'm being the, the female in the chair, I'm like, I'm sorry your ego hurts a little bit. But the math shows We are six and $50 behind. Like I agree. He needs to get over it. Yeah. We have to do, something has to change. So that change either Sue, is you earning extra money, him earning extra money, you guys moving to a cheaper area. I mean something has to change. So, but, but you, your dynamic within marriage, I don't like the, the tiptoeing or we can't talk about this because there's usually no resolution. We end up walking away. Like, like that's kind of stuff will follow you guys to Texas as well.


And it'll come up. Its head will pop up in a different issue as well. So I agree. I want you guys to be so unified on this decision and it doesn't need to come out of strife or fine, Sue just wants to do this. We're gonna like, it needs to be, we have run the numbers and We are in full agreement for our life and our money that this is what we're doing.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes. But thankfully You don't have to dread filing when you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Hey, have you heard about the money and relationships tour? Dave RAMSEY and Dr. John Delony are hitting the road and this is gonna be a fun, fun night. They're gonna be talking about everything from raising kids to handling money fights, to making friends and so much more. Here are the cities Louisville on April 21, Durham on April 23, Atlanta, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth, may seven, and Kansas City May 9th. If you want to get your seats to see Dave and John live, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour


And is with everything on the show. If we mention anything and you didn't catch the link, you can get the link in the show notes if you're watching on YouTube and podcasts. Did you know that James Childs are a fearless producer? He tells me all the time the show notes are just chock full of goodness. So much stuff in there. So A lot Of things we, anything show notes, discuss notes. James wants you to know if you miss it 'cause I garble it or I say it too fast. The show notes. It's all There. You can find it there. Boy, it's the show of Rachel's today. I know. It's like our Third Rachel. So is it our third Rachel? I think so. Oh, it's very exciting. Rachel. Number three in Lexington. How can we help? Hi. So my husband and I bought an investment property next door about two years ago and we would like to know if we should a move into it and renovate it ourselves or just sell the property and you know, take the money, Give us the reasons why we would do either of those.


So go with option A. Why do you think you should do that? So we currently have our home paid off that we live in the property that is, the investment property is actually next door to us. So combined it's six acres. Hillside is really pretty, it shares an easement and it's the only two houses on the hillside. It's just, it's a really pretty location and so We are very attached to it. But the home we live in currently, we have it paid off and so that's a bonus. So we could either, that's kind of where we're stuck. But why would, so what I'm understanding is, is I'm trying to understand is why would you want to move to this other house next door?


Okay, so I have four children. There's six of us in the house and it is a, we currently live in a two bedroom single-wide. So it's getting really tight. Got that. And We are needing a solution and so that's why we're calling. We do, the only debt that we have is the investment property and we got it at a really good deal. We got it at 75,000 and we paid it down to around 60,000. And so that is the, the question of, of the day, do we, you know, do we sell it because it's worth more? Do we take that money and we just, you know, what do we do? Okay. I would sell the current house that you're in.


Okay. And what would you make on that? Any idea? We have had people come look at it and realtors and on people who know what they're doing. So a really cool fact is we purchased it nine years ago for $32,000 and it was livable. It was actually really nice. And we bought our little single wide trailer on two acres for $32,000 and now we can sell it for at least one 20. Oh my gosh. I would sell that. Yeah. And then go ahead and pay off the other house. Pay off. You got 60 left and that becomes, becomes your primary residence. 'cause it's got the space you need and you love the little Hill. A hundred percent And take the, take the extra money. Yeah. The 60 grand.


'cause you'll, you, you owe 60, you're gonna make one 20. Pay it off means you got 60 left. And use that for renovations, cash flow. The renovations have, are you guys, do you guys know what you're doing when it comes to renovations or have you ever done that? We, we have not. Okay. We don't know what we're doing. So I probably, I would not recommend doing it yourself. I would get a contractor in there and having someone and they can Oh yeah. Do what they need to do. And you may have to live in a construction zone for a little bit. But I would do that just in order to cash flow it, you know. Okay. How much work does it need? Is it terrible? It, it is not in good shape. I'll tell you that. It is an old house. It's a really cute old farmhouse. However, to give you insight, it doesn't have any doors inside.


It doesn't have closets. It's a really old house. We have gotten it looked at by contractors and they say that the bones are good, that we would be losing money if we completely demolished it. But we're kind of just stuck because We have they given you, have they given you a number of what it would take? I mean I'm sure you guys haven't picked it. I mean that would be a ballpark, but I'm curious. They said it would take at least 50,000. Okay. And we have 40,000 in in our savings. So, So we just are really stuck. We just don't know. No. So we, They're stuck. No, you've got a great option, Rachel, With that cash set aside. Yeah. Plus the profit that Rachel's talking about after you pay off this little house, you stay on the hill that you love, you got the room for the kids, you make it your own.


You don't have to get it all done right away, but you got the cash it sounds like to do it all. You know what you could do, Rachel, sell the, sell the trailer, pocket the money and you guys go rent somewhere for six months. It's not gonna be a fun six months, but do you get the house all fixed up and stuff? Ooh, I like it better rent somewhere for six months and then you guys move in and you're cash flowing all of this as you're doing It and you're not in a construction zone. Yeah. Okay. It's gonna be a headache. So hear me say that, that's a headache. You're moving twice, but, but am I, I mean all day, right. To be able do This. We are next door neighbors. The the investment property and the home we live in are technically next door neighbors. So we really, do you think we could just live in the home We have or move into the investment property and fix it up?


You think we should completely get off of the property, correct? Well, in order to get the cash is what I'm saying. But you guys have 40, how much do you guys make a year? So this year on taxes, we're gonna be bringing home about one 10. Oh, okay. So four. But you have 40 saved So you could cashflow it without selling the current house you live in. Well, cashflow the rent. Yeah. But you still got the mortgage on it and stuff. I don't know. You guys run some numbers and just say, okay, what would our, how would we feel? What would our emotional state be? What gives us the most peace? Is it to sell the current home pocket, the one 20 sell off the house, you got 60 left, you guys put 60, 70,000 of cash into it and go rent somewhere.


Okay. Or is it less stressful for you guys to say, okay, we're gonna pump the brakes a little bit. We're not in a rush, we're gonna take some of this 40, we're gonna start chunking paying it off. I don't like that because then you're gonna have to save up all this. Yeah. But it's your option. We're giving you multiple options. Yeah. Yes. Thank you. It's all sounding really good. I think Rachel's option is cleaner. I do too. You get rid of the current house, you get, you get all the cash, you go rent, you get the whole thing renovated. That's a little easier. It is a pain to move twice, but it feels like, like It's, it'll be Fine. It feels like now. But again, I think what I'm hearing you say is you guys could cash flow the renovations while staying in the existing house, Correct? Yeah. And then paying the mortgage off later.


Yeah. Or at at I'll Tell I get it to a point that you can move into it and then whatever's left is not a complete construction zone. I think they got options. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. So at this Point, I guess one more question, I, I'm so sorry. One more question I have for you is, I've heard, I've heard people say that it's smart to have rental properties in this situation. Would you suggest having both houses and living in one and renting the other? Would that be a good option? I don't Think it's enough Money. Yeah. Not in your financial situation. I wouldn't. And having renters next door to you will Not a fun, not a fun Life. And it's just not a lot of money you guys that I don't even know where you live, by the way, when you're buying a house for $32,000, that's mind blowing to me.


Or the other one for 60. So I just don't think it's gonna spit off enough rental income to that. It's worth, worth a hassle. Okay. Yes. So we're gonna say no to renting. That's very not, those numbers are not common where we're at, at all. Oh, I know. So it was a blessing. Trust me, I knew that much. I I'm no real estate baron, but I was like, wow. No, but I think y'all go to the house on the hill, Rachel, and whether you guys cashflow renovations, then move in, then sell or sell and then move in. I think either way you're greats, but cash flow, the whole thing and yeah, go live on six acres because how many kids do you have? Thank you. So we have four little children. Oh yes. They're gonna be right. What A dream. You know what I'm picturing In Kentucky Three four Farm, I'm Turing Wild flowers.


Do you have wild flowers on that farm property? We Absolutely do. And that's another thing we're so attached to the property. How Do I know these things? Do you? It's the spirit. So I gotta say, I'm also picturing a little, I think you should get the, the troop together. How old are the kids? Their Ages. So we have a 3, 4, 5, and nine. This is perfect. Good. Have, have you ever seen I know 3, 4, 5. Yeah. God bless you. She's a busy lady. God bless. Have you ever seen the sound of music VI Have, Yes. I need a, I put the little kids together and get to that point. The hills are alive with the sound of music. You know, VRA children, the Von Traps, the wild flowers. Yeah. Some Of the old curtains. You know, I got such a great vibe about this place on the hill. I, I'm gonna go with my partner's recommendation, sell the current place, go all in, go rent, go all in and fix the other little place up.


And then we watch the sound of music. We run through the wildflowers. I think it's gonna be great. I like everything about it. I hope you're not allergic to poll. So magical.


I talk to people every day who want to know how to do better in two areas. Money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the money and relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st. We'll be in Louisville, then onto Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


So how are you folks doing with the baby steps? Some of you're brand new to it, some of your tests driving it, some of you're in the middle of it, you know, we got a fun little quiz online that'll allow you to check your progress in just a few minutes and get a personalized plan. And this is really valuable because you kinda see, okay, this is where I am and now I've got some help, some action steps to keep going. 'cause remember this about the baby steps, it is about momentum, pure and simple. And there are times where you need that little boost. So if that's you, you can head to the show notes, click on the link titled Are you on Track with the baby steps and complete the quiz. It's, it's really encouraging and it'll actually equip you as well. Alright, we're gonna go to Portland, Oregon now.


And Karen is there. Karen, How can we help? Hi, I'm 68 years old and I probably is, put it all together. Have about $75,000 that I, I don't know if I could or should invest. About four years ago, a financial advisor told me and my situation had totally changed at that point. And he just told me I was too old to get 4 0 1 Ks or buy any property or anything like that. And to just live as frugally as I could and try to get as much income as I could within that point. So now fast forward four years, I and I, I still have, I, I may at some point need to live off that money if my income changes my income stream.


So I don't know if I, and I've been doing like little CDs with my bank, you know, three months and six months and that kind of thing and making a little bit of money there. But I'm really a novice on how to invest anything or if I should or if I could. Yeah. How much, how, how much are you, how much are you making a year, Karen? I, let's see, I wrote this down about $53,000 a year. 53,000. Okay. And how much per month are your expenses? I'm living under them all the time. So, 'cause I've been tracking for years now.


I track compulsively, so I'll sometimes live, you know, a a thousand dollars a month underneath what I, my income is. So I don't have the exact number. Okay. But it's not But you're not, it's probably You're not in the red necessarily. Not at all. Not at all. Okay. Yeah, not at all. So you're coming up even a thousand. Okay. And you're how old again? I'm sorry? I know you said that at the beginning of the call. 70 68. 68. Okay. I'm so sorry. In A critical health situation too, You are. What's going on there? I have to have a very serious surgery that is, I'm considered critical but stable.


Oh gosh, Karen, I'm sorry. Yeah, So I can't work. Okay. When is that surgery happening? They don't know for sure yet. It depends on, it's very metabolically challenging and so metabolically I have to be strong enough to be able to withstand it. Okay. And That's what I, that's basically what I feel like is my job right now is to stay healthy, eat healthy, get it, you know. That's right. Healthy. Healthy. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, for Sure. And did I understand you're unable to work right now because of this preparation? Or you would be unable to work after the surgery?


I think both. Oh, okay. So how Are you living? Yes, I haven't been for, How are you living right Now? Right now I have, since four years ago, ed have alimony and see that's unstable. I consider that unstable. Well has he been consistent on his alimony payments? Relatively. And is that the 53,000 a year? What, what was that number you gave me? Yeah, 53. Yeah. Is Cummings all from alimony? Yeah. Okay. How long is that? How long will that go? That's not perpetuity is it? I don't know. What do you Mean you Don't know?


It doesn't say specifically it and our divorce order doesn't say specifically when it end. Well as long as he's working, I guess is what it says. As long as he's working and making an income, he'll be paying you alimony. Oh, correct. How old is he? He's a little bit younger than me. Will he be a couple years, do you know, I mean, do you talk to him ever? Do you know what his plans are? Well that's one of the reasons for divorce. Is there? Okay. Yeah, Yeah. I'm with you on, it's being unstable 'cause you don't, you never know he'd decided not to work next year, you know? And, and this is done, so you have $75,000 in savings. Do you have any other savings?


Yes. And that I just, I I didn't include that in the amount that I, because I didn't know how much you wanted, but just that's for, That was in like the CDs, you Know, keeping in my checking account and Yeah. Okay. We need to know your total financial Yeah. What's your, what's like in retire? Do you have any other money saved in retirement or investments or anything? No. No. So the 75,000, it's pretty much, it, it, that's everything in checking and CDs, all of it. Right. Okay. Okay. Right. Well I think from a mathematical standpoint, I know that you are living below your means, but I wanna know what your means are. So I would give you homework to say Okay. You know, figuring out do you rent, own a home? What's your housing situation?


Yes. I, I rent and that's my biggest expense. Yeah. I rent in the least expensive place in the where I live. Yeah. But of course rents are all high, so Yeah. There's nowhere I could break Go that's cheaper. Yeah, I Hear you. Everything else and I, you know, I miss, hey Yeah. I put my grandkids through your book too. So what I mean I'm doing all the right things. I just feel like there's this I this money there. Should I be doing something with it?


Okay. My answer is yes, you should be okay. And what I would do, Karen, I would recommend you sitting down with a smart investor pro and if you go on Ramsey Solutions dot com and look up smart ster pros, there should be a couple in your area there in Portland and talk to a couple of them and sit down with one that you, you know, interview two or three, three of them. Find one that you like and sit down and lay out the whole situation because some of the 75,000 Yes. Should be invested.


Now, should it be invested within a retirement account like a Roth iron? Not necessarily. I mean, you know, a lot of that stuff is to grow tax free till you're 59 and a half and if you start pulling from it, but you can invest into those past 59 and a half. Right? So I, I would, I would sit down with them and honestly let them run some of these numbers because I wanna make sure that you have enough to live off of. And on top of that, knowing, and, and again the health thing puts a whole other spin factor to your situation, which is just terrible. Mm. But to know for yourself of like, okay, this money eventually if I just, if alimony stops and if this is the only money I have, eventually it will run out. So what do I need to do to kind of safeguard how much do I need to be living on a month with the amount of interest that we can be getting?


Because that's the crazy thing about the market in 2023 and four, it was like up at like the s and p was around 20%. Like we had crazy returns this year not looking so great. Right. So there is a level of this rollercoaster ride that we talked to people, Karen, to ride out. Now again at your age at 68, you are on the latter end if I'm kind of, of the ride. No, that's right. So, so the aggressiveness of it may look different because of your age and situation. And that's why I would want, that's why I would want you to sit down with an actual investment professional for them to look at some of this because they probably will have a good game plan for you on how to get the most out of this money without losing a bunch of it if you need it.


Right. Because that the, the market game, if you're living off of that, you wanna make sure that there's a level of it that principle wise is still there making you the money you need, but yet you're, you're still able to, to pull money and live off of it even if you have to pay taxes, if it's a standard, you know, investment. So there's kind of a lot there Karen. But I would, I hate to hand you off to someone else, but I I don't think I can answer this in, you know, a five minute call. This Is tough. I, the only thing I would add is if I were you, I would be trying to find another golden girl or two in your area and let's see if we can roommate. I'm not kidding you, I, I really think you gotta slash your expenses as much as you can 'cause you're in such a, this whole health thing is just limiting you and your ability to work and hoping the alimony payments keep coming in.


But in the meantime I'm gonna be pinching like I have nothing coming in and I would really truly consider a roommate situation getting yourself in that. Let's see if we can cut your rent in half. My goodness. Yeah. Yeah. And don't tell me there aren't other ladies out there like you that wouldn't mind having a roommate, somebody around the house. So I would at least look into it. I've joked for years. Yeah. I've joked for years about starting the golden girl arms and Yeah. See I had no idea. I think it's meant to be, I do think there's some golden girls out there that would love to have a Karen in the house and I would consider that the good Karen, by the way. That's right. Be careful how you use that. She's a great Karen. She's a great Karen.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad. A bing bad boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.