
Hey guys, this Christmas we're giving away cash. So enter the Ramsey $5,000 Christmas cash giveaway for your chance to win big this holiday season. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway to enter now


Welcome to The Ramsey Show America. This is where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. The phone number to jump in today is triple eight Eight two five five two two five alongside the fantastic Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you today. And speaking of today, if I might speak to a very large and diverse audience for just a moment. Come on Ken, because it's the morning after. And the reality is Jade is all morning and even late last night, I have been receiving texts and communicating with friends who are deliriously happy with the results.


I have also been communicating with friends who are devastatingly sad and I think it's important for this large audience to sit for that with a sit with that for just a moment and understand that's okay and that's normal to have those emotions. That is what makes a free society free is the opportunity to express with great passion, also show up and vote. And the reality is it matters a great bit. And we know that. So I was thinking of four words, Jade, to challenge our audience and encourage our audience, if you're side won last night, be classy.


If you are side lost last night, be hopeful. And if I could take those last two words, be hopeful and challenge both sides of the aisle today. Be hopeful, but be careful what you're hopeful in. I want you to be hopeful in you and your free will and your ability to achieve why you come to the show. And here's what you come to the show for freedom. You come for freedom in your finances so that you can create the life that you want to create, that you can spend money on, the things you wanna spend on.


You can solve the problems that you must solve problems in your life when they arise. You, you come to this show because you want to have an opportunity to climb the ladder, to make more money, to be able to do those things, to make the difference in the world through work that you desire to make. And you come to the show because relationships are hard and you want healthy relationships. Because if we don't have a healthy relationship, we have nothing. And so that's why you're here and that's why we are here, is to help you get that freedom. Jake. So see the, see Ken, I wanna give it to you. That's why I Voted for you. Ken add, i I add your thoughts because you understand this, this situation as well.


Hey, I mean per well put, well, Ken, you were created for this moment. Very well put. I think it's a example, it's an opportunity for both sides to just be magnanimous and be a, a good winner and a, a good loser. Yeah. If that's whatever side You're, and begin today to focus on what you can do. Yes. Which is what we preach here. Yeah. What can you do to make your life better? And to that end, we wanna hit on some of the fundamentals here because we believe that no matter who's in the White House, yeah, you can control the things that happen in your house and ultimately your life. Jade, listen Truthfully, the the blueprint doesn't change regardless of who's in office. The good news is that what we teach is kind of based on principle and principles don't change.


And so the baby steps don't change. And so just a reminder, especially for those who are maybe new to our show, or maybe you just need to brush up because you've been freaking out in your mind a little bit. Let's just, let's bring it back for A second. I like This. All right, so baby, step one, you still need a thousand dollars saved. If you don't have it, get it. It's gonna make you sleep better at night. You're gonna be ahead of 56% of Americans if you get out and get that a thousand dollars saved, baby. Step two, let's start focusing on our debt. The lowest possible rung of that ladder is just to decide that you're not gonna borrow any money anymore. And so let's not make the problem worse. Maybe you don't feel like you're in a situation to start paying it off, but at the very least you can say, well, I'm not gonna borrow anymore.


Okay? And then once you move past that step, start paying it off using the debt snowball. And then baby, step three, let's start saving up some savings. Three to six months is what we recommend. That's a fully funded emergency fund. And let me tell you something, Ken, when you have that, then, then things start to get good. You start to feel a lot Better. Oh, that's that margin that by the way, that's where that emotion of freedom pops in with that emergency fund, doesn't it? It Does. Because you kind of go no matter what hits Yeah, I, I'm, I feel prepared. Yeah. Right? And so you have that preparedness and then baby, step forward, let's start investing. You know, you start investing for the future. This is preparing you for a time when maybe you won't work, because that time will hit all of us eventually. So we're investing 15%. Alright. Hey, I gotta jump in 'cause you're the queen of this.


What I want you to give a real example, maybe get your investment calculator. I didn't, I didn't prep you for it. That's all right. I'm Ken. Come on, let's come get your calculator. 'cause I'm, I'm gonna set a scenario up 'cause I want people to get this. When what Jade's talking about is, let's say that you're in your early twenties, Jade, I'm gonna give you a scenario. So take somebody early twenties. Yeah, maybe they're fresh outta college right now. First job, first presidential election. Let's make it real. Okay? And they're going, oh, what does this mean? You know what I mean? Yeah. And you go, come on, just pay attention to the baby steps right now. And, and they get a, they got a good job. And let's say that they have no debt or they're thinking, okay, if I follow what Jade says, I'm gonna start entering, I'm gonna start putting some money in. Okay? So, so you create your own scenario, okay.


Of what baby step four really looks like for every American. You, you take it away. Okay? So let's pretend, I mean, set me up better than that King. 'cause I don't know exactly where you're going. Okay, I'm sorry. So let's say, let's say we've got a 27-year-old. Okay? So I'll put 27 in the calculator, all right? Okay. And, and let's say that they can put that, that they're in baby step four. Okay. Or that they see, what would it look like in baby step four? Let's put it that way. You're not there, but you go, okay, what if I could put away, let's say 15% on a salary of, I'm gonna make this up. Let's say we're gonna put away two grand a month, Two grand. That's a lot. Alright, Go a thousand. I told you you're the queen. Let's, let's do a thousand bucks. Let's do 500. See, this is why I defer to you. You're the queen.


Well, Let, let me, let me see what I'm gonna base it on. I'm gonna base it on the average salary, which is 67,000, like What you're doing. And Then I'm gonna say 15% of that, which, 'cause we take it off the gross, which is 10,000. That's perfect. And then I'm gonna divide that by 12. By 12, 12 months. I love it. And that's gonna be $837. So we'll do that. There You go. and I, and to be fair, I I, I threw this honor, but that's okay. You see where we're going? Yeah. I want people to not just hear that and I want them to see what you're about to do. The Idea is that you've not had anything in retirement up until this point. You know? And so you say, okay, I'm gonna start doing that. And lo and behold, do you retire with $4.1 million? Okay, there it is. That's all I wanted. Yeah. So the dream is the, the dream is alive and well, you know. Alright, keep going baby. Step five.


I'm sorry I interrupted your ribbon. That's okay. But I like that. I I Like that. People need to see that. Yeah. The, the dream is free. The hustle is sold separately. You gotta do the work. Alright baby, step five. Now you're saving for your kids' college and you're getting them into education, which is good, baby. Step six, let's pay off that home early Ken. Wow. That's, it's a real thing. That's a game changer when that happens. Yeah. And by the way, we have a really cool stage here at Ramsey Solutions. It's the debt-free stage. And people come in and they, they tell us when they become debt-free and they scream with, you know, just that intensity. And half the time they've also paid off their mortgage as well. So true. And so this happens every day. And then baby step seven is living and giving like no one else.


This is us prioritizing generosity because it's such a foundation of everything we teach here. Yeah. Usually your why lives in baby Step seven. Come on. So here's what we want. Jay did a masterful job of laying out the fundamentals that lead to financial freedom. There's more. Our team has put together a great blog post. It's in the show notes. And here's what it's gonna encourage you emotionally. It's gonna encourage you that no matter how you're feeling about who's gonna be in the White House, you can take all that stress and worry and put it into steps. Yeah. To actually take control of your life. And we are here for you five days a week, cheering you on. Go get the blog. It's a deeper dive from what Jay just did. And it's gonna really equip you.


Not just encourage you. Go get it in the show notes, however you take in the show. Alright. Quick break. We'll be right back with more of The Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. And most of us have people in our lives that we're grateful for. One of those people for me is the wonderful Marilyn Fanon. She gave me a chance, she taught me poise and professionalism and she challenged me. But there's one person that we often don't take time to thank ourselves. We don't always acknowledge that we're barely surviving or that we're moving forward, or that we're working towards a better life and better relationships. And in a world where everything seems to have gone bonkers, it's not always easy to be grateful. So here's my reminder to thank the people in your life, including you. And sometimes to do that, we need some professional help. We need to talk to someone trained to help us discover true gratitude for ourselves and others, especially in the holiday season. That's why I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy and you can talk with your therapist at just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost this season. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Alongside Jade Warshaw, I'm Ken Coleman. So excited you're here with us on The. Ramsey Show, helping you win with your money, win in your work and win with your relationships. That's our aim and we'd love to coach you today. Triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. Also big news. It's like Dave is like the financial Santa ooh guy loves Christmas. You know this about him. Dave K Cringle. Yeah. He gets a bad rap about being tough on callers. The guy's just a big jolly giver, you know? Yeah. And to look at this, 50 days of Christmas. Wow. Is that not enough Dave? 30 days not enough. No, we gotta go 50 days of Christmas. That's a lot. That's the big Christmas sale and it's happening now whether you're shopping for yourself or you're looking for that gift that keeps on giving I'll Christmas vacation.


Those of you, if you know, you know, you can get up to 30% on our bestselling products. That is including monies, not a math problem. Yeah. Tell 'em about that. Jade. You know what that's about? That's your, if You're, if you're caught up, come If you, if it's your mentality, that's the problem. If you're always, we ain't got no money, I don't have a way to get ahead. This is the book For you. I love it. I love is that we ain't got no money. A lot of people are going, when I say that, they're like, mm. That's what's in people's brain all the time. I ain't got It. That's, it's, I ain't got it. That's, it's a great book from Jade. And then the get clear assessment. This is for that person who's going, I wanna figure out what I wanna be doing with my professional life, or I'm stuck. Any sense of doubt or lack of confidence around your work and your money.


This get clear assessment, it's about 18 minutes gonna change your life, give you self-awareness, which is a superpower. You can get both of those products and so many more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. For those of you on YouTube and podcasts, you don't have to remember any of that. You know why? 'cause James Childs and his beloved show notes at these show notes are chockfull. It's like Christmas under the tree. Just go to the show notes. Lots of good stuff there. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway is another location. And this is also in the show notes because this is our $5,000 cash giveaway. Okay, Show me the money Ken. We're giving away $500 a week. Wow. That's Dave's money gone. Just giving it away.


Wow. And there's a grandpa's of $5,000 you can enter to win daily. And again, the show notes best place to go Ramsey Solutions dot com. Alright, Corey's gonna start us off in Des Moines, Iowa. Corey How can We help today? Hey Ken. Hi Jade. thank you for so much for taking my call. You bet. And so I started out, I don't know how far back I should go. I buy and sell real estate, not as an agent, but as an investor. Got pulled in many years ago with the OPM, other people's money, borrowing and taking out HELOCs and all sounded great.


Buying a lot of properties and it has all caught up with me. Oh no. Yeah. What does that mean? Tell us what's happening currently. Well, I'm currently sitting with all my monthly expenses sitting at about, well total debts about 1.1 million right now. Whoa. Oh, Hello. My goodness. Where are my Tums? Okay, There you, well hopefully these are worth something That a lot of my properties are bundled. It's not like every single property is its own mortgage. They're bundled. So got 480,000 in one mortgage, 199 in another, got a HELOC at 189,000.


Okay. Another mortgage 173. They add up very, very, very quickly. So If we, can I just ask you a a, just a, a crazy question. Yep. If you were to sell, I don't know how many you have, but if you were to sell them, would you clear the million with their equity? Potentially. and I have already started that. Okay. Which brings me to another one of my questions. I did get the EveryDollar app Good. And have everything in that still struggling on how to figure it out a hundred percent. That would probably be another call for another day. Yeah. But I am showing with my current budget, I've got, because I have sold, I've sold a couple of them.


How many do You have? Total? Current? 22 units total. Wow. Okay. 22 units total. Some of them are sold on contract, just waiting to be cashed out on Okay. One, I just did fully sell. Yeah. Put that money out. I sold another one on contract, had about 50,000 down payment on that one with a good cash flow every month on that one. Listen, You're going in the right direction. The, the solution here is the, the debt, which is what you opened with, is what's causing you anxiety and rightfully so. $1.1 million is a bag. That's a lot of money. Okay.


And so it makes sense that that's weighing on your chest or in your shoulders or in your gut, wherever it is that you're feeling that on a day-to-day basis. And the solution here is let's offload it. Luckily you have a bunch of assets that you can sell and sell for more than what you paid for. Right. That's the whole point. And so what I would do if I were you is I'd go through these 22 units and I'd figure out what's gonna give me the most bang for my buck when I sell it. And are there any of them that are cash flowing well that I can keep and you know, kind of continue to do this. But from now on I'm paying cash for my properties. And so you had this kind of dream, it sounds like, of being, you know, some sort of real estate mogul and you just went about it the wrong way. You know?


Exactly. and I think that it's not too late to go in reverse and Right. Get this thing right side up. Ken, that's exactly what I was hoping for. Get some of them sold and maybe I can end up with three or four of them that cash that that's, that's fully paid for. and I, Let's just caveat that is far more successful. I'd rather you have three properties that you, you're not in debt and you feel good about having them. That is far more of a place of success than being able to say, I've got 22 properties, but you're carrying all this debt and stress attached to it. So where I'm at right now is my account in the EveryDollar shows I have left the budget $21,000, which is great, great to have that, that cushion right there.


But I do have that $180,000, $189,000 heloc. I do not have a, a first mortgage on my home. So I've just got the HELOC on it. Okay. What my plan is, and, and correct me if I'm wrong here, what my plan is, is it's a heloc, it's just an interest only payment. I'm not making any interest, any principal payments on that at all. But I haven't been for several years. So I've thought about Yeah, but of all the properties here, I'm gonna eman emancipate your personal property first. Like that's the one that needs to be paid off free and clear so that you can live without stress. And then everything else is being sold for parts. Like, all right, this one, it doesn't cash flow very well.


I can get 80,000 for it. I'm selling it. This one, you know, it does. Okay. But I hate the location. I'm gonna sell that and I'm gonna make one 20 off of it. Right. And that you're going through the order of priority. Your home is the most important home and then everything else is on the block. Yeah. Gotcha. The chopping block that is So you don't think it's a good idea to just put that into a regular mortgage? I mean in this case, no, because you're gonna sell a property and you're gonna have the cash to pay it off immediately. So at that point the interest rate the mortgage, you're not gonna have a mortgage on your house. Gotcha. Because the steps I've been using was to pay off some of the credit cards and stuff like that.


Well how much other debt do you have? We didn't talk about that. Tell me more. We, We didn't. Yeah, the, let me just do a little check here. Just in the property debt is a million. So the other 200,000, the other 200,000 is like the credit cards, the vehicles. Okay, so here's the order you're gonna go and can jump in at any point. Yeah. The first property that you sell, let's pretend you clear 200,000, you're gonna pay off this debt and you're gonna keep a thousand bucks aside for emergencies. Yeah. By the way, do you have any money saved anywhere? Yes, I do.


I've got, I've got an emergency fund. It's not a thousand, it's 2,500 because I've got so many properties. Fine. I'm not, I'm not concerned about that right now. That's 25. I'm not gonna take you to task Got, I've got $2,500 that aside and a separate account that I don't mess with. So we sell off the first property, we clear the, the consumer debt, we sell off the next property. We keep three to six months of expenses. We sell the next property and we clear our house and then we clear, then we pay off, we sell enough properties to clear all of this 1.1 million of debt and I think you have it out of these 22 units if you've done it anywhere close to, right? Yeah. Follow the plan, the debt snowball.


Let's give him a copy of, excuse me, total money makeover. Yeah, just follow the process. Read that. It's classic. She's laid it out for you. But yeah, the thing I was gonna add is I like his attitude. Yeah. What could hinder somebody from getting out of this mess is feeling like they're just idiots and they're not they, they're, they're normal. This kind of stuff happens and he admitted it. I think his mindset is good. Yeah. He's not beating himself up. Corey, don't fall prey to that. Just follow the plan and before you know it, shoulder's gonna go back even further. Heads up and you know that you're walking out of this. Great advice Jade. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back with more of The Ramsey. Show


These days. It's not if your identity gets stolen, it's when, and the only ID theft protection plan I have ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. It helps real people with real life situations. Like the call we got on the show recently where a woman's abusive ex opened a credit card in her name and racked up over $8,000 in debt. Then the bank sued her even though the charges weren't hers. What a mess. With Xander's help, she was able to get the entire nightmare cleared up and now her family is officially debt free. Listen, Xander's identity theft protection is the best option out there. They have all the cyber tools and monitoring services you need. They cover all types of ID theft and they even include up to $2 million in stolen funds protection. In the end though, you need an ally, someone on your side to take over the work and fix the problem. That's what Xandr is all about. Go to xandr.com to learn more. Call 803 5 6 42 82.


The Ramsey Show continues alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman triple eight, Eight two five five two two five is the phone number. We'd love to take your calls. Jade's our money specialist today and I'm the work and and leadership guy today helping you in those areas. We're both gonna tag team on these financial and relationship issues as well. 'cause they're all tied together. Greenville, South Carolina is where we go next. Stephanie is joining us there. Stephanie How. can We help today? Hi Thank you for having me. Ken and Jade. You Bet. What's happening? I am reaching out to ask a question about I own a business and I'm trying to implement a 401k or a simple IRA plan and I'm wanting to know the best things to look at, what to look for, what are the pros and cons, just some direction with this.


Okay. What kind of business is it in? You know, is it just you or do you have employees? Tell me more. I do. I have a team of seven that includes my husband and I. The business was started in 2016. It's for pest and wildlife control. We are mainly, as far as income is concerned, wildlife is about 80% of our income and pest is about 20%. We added that on about two years ago. But yes, seven 17 members total. Okay. If I were you, there's a couple of different routes you could go and I, I don't wanna lead you astray. I think that it all depends on how much, like what the max contributions are, how much the business is going to match that versus the what you, what the employer puts in or what the employee puts in.


I'm sorry. And so for that reason I'd probably work with a, I'd work with your bookkeeper or I'd work with a a somebody who's gonna be able to give you better tax information than I would. I could tell you kind of on a basis if you're kind of more of a solopreneur what you might do. But with this I'd wanna, I'd want somebody to really look at the numbers and tell me what's gonna work best for me tax wise and investment wise for me and my employees. Yeah, I think Stephanie, neither one of us are great experts on this. Yeah. But I, I, I think we can tell you what to do beyond what Jade said and I think again a tax pro, somebody who works with businesses. So you can get tax pro information at Ramsey Solutions dot com in your area.


Go talk to a few. They wanna specialize obviously in small businesses and how they help with some of this stuff. They may have some insight into this investment pros as well. And then, you know what I would be doing? I would, I would also be talking to small business owners. Do you happen to know of two or three people top of your mind right now that run companies around the same size as your yours in your area? I do. I've talked to several people about this. Y'all are actually one of my last phone calls. Oh good. So I went down the road to implement a 401k and when I walked into my bookkeeper to just kind of talk to, or my CPA who does my bookkeeping as well, her, she immediately said you need to go with a simple IRA. Mm. Now this year we've experienced about 150% growth.


Good for you. And That's awesome. and I guess my only concern. Yeah, it's been, I mean it really has been amazing, but making a good decision. I guess maybe I'm viewing a 4 0 1 or a simple IRA as a little more limiting than a 401k In In What way? And so just looking in the way of like a 401k, you get vested. There's matching in both programs but you have to match with a simple That's right. You don't have to, the opt-in has with the 401k. So some of those styles of the plan make more sense to me with the 401k and that was the road I was going down. Why did the Woman who does taxes, She said simple because she said why are you gonna pay the fees of a 401k?


Just put the money into your people's plan. That was, that was Her word. And see I like, I like that too. I was gonna give you a formula to go get answers on this. What's best for the business, what's best for the people that you've hired and I think that that's your, I always try to take complexity and I simplify it and I go. If I'm looking at all this, I'm gonna have a simple piece of paper and I'm gonna draw a line down. I'm gonna go, okay, which one of these plans is best for this business and which one of these plans is best for the employees? And we want to try to find a solution that is good for both. Yeah, I mean if she, I think that's The rubric. If she's right and the math is that what is such as whatever you're paying in fees is pretty much comparable to what you'd be paying in a match.


Yeah. It'd be better for the, the nu money to go to your team members. For sure. That's what you wanna get to. What's good for both. Okay. And if we can get best for both, okay great. But if there's a give and take, we wanna, we wanna land that way. 'cause you got a great heart for your people. I love what you're trying to do. And by the way, I just wanna give Congrat, give Stephanie a shout out real quick. This is awesome to talk to a small business owner. This is a female small business owner taking care of the critters. Yeah, Very, Very good. And growing 150%. That's awesome. So yay. Amazing. Stephanie, can we give her some love? I mean that's really awesome. She's providing jobs. This is the American dream. Yeah, that right there. She's a small business owner solving a real problem.


And so I love that. Good stuff. Alright, next let's go to Richmond, Virginia. Virginia rather. And Jennifer is there, Jennifer How. can We help? Yes. thank you. My situation is I have $275,000 to buy land, build a house and everything, you know, furnishings, everything. That's all I have. And it's cash. I'm not gonna have a mortgage and it's proving difficult to, to budget for that. I'm wondering if I should rent for a year. And what I do for a living is I buy real estate, I improve it and sell it and do that for a year with the cash that I have to try to build up a little bit more for my ultimate home.


Well, yeah. How much do you need? Well, you know, it, it's, it land is so hard to find and so expensive. So I would be more comfortable at 3 75. Okay. And you've run out the numbers. 'cause what I want, I wanna make sure we're fully in with detail, counting the cost of this so that you don't enter in and realize, oh gosh, I don't have enough money and now I am kind of considering debt when that's not what you said you wanted to begin with. So I really want you working out the numbers to go, okay, if I spend X on this land, what can I then spend on the build? And is that enough to get me what I say I want?


Plus furnishings. Right? So we're doing a detailed right in many ways just a detailed budget on this to, that's directly for this, this home build. Right? The tricky part is I'm not tied to any specific area. So I'm looking in four different states just for something available. Inventory is very low right now for raw land. That's decent. Are You, are you operating with cash, Jennifer? When you say I'm gonna rent for a year and I've gotta buy some more properties and flip 'em and then create more cash, are you doing that with cash? Yes, I am. I am in my early sixties debt free. My monthly expenses are 1500 a month.


I I love it. Double with rent. That's All I wanted to know. Yeah, I like that strategy. you have such a low burn rate and you're debt free and I love that you're gonna be patient. Flip a few more properties. Yeah. Stack some bigger cash. Get the house I want that I've earned. Come on Jennifer. I love that. I I'm totally fine with renting in this situation. And listen, what I want you to do is we have a really great real estate home base that could probably help you out when it comes to finding the land that you're looking for. Oh. So if you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate, they're probably gonna be able to get in there and help you find the attractive land that you're looking for. Yeah. So, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I've averaged 70 5K take home over the past seven years.


Oh wow. So it would take me, you know, little over a year to get what I need. But then of course expenses are gonna go up too, probably. So They are. and I, I do think that you have to balance that carefully and, and just hearing me say, I, I think the best way to buy a home is cash. That, that's great. A lot of people can't do that. But no one would fault you, Jennifer, if you ended up having a $30,000 mortgage or a $70,000 mortgage. I just want to give you that piece of this that if you don't wanna wait another two years, you'd be all right. You wouldn't yell at her. Well I would, I wouldn't, I wouldn't yell at her. Well I also thought about buying the land and just parking an RV on that.


And that way I'm not spending money on rent. That's where I, and that's where we drift away. That's where you and I drift away on ideals. Only because the goal for you right now is to save up money. And with the RV you are having something that's depreciating. And I'd hate for you to tie even more money up in that. I mean obviously it's your life and if you're the RV type, you know, buy something very, very used and very, very inexpensive. But I tend to like the idea of you renting a little bit better. Yeah, There you go. Alright Jennifer, love that call. Boy. She's making things happen. Yeah. 60 years old. Debt free. Got her own little real estate empire. Would You do the RV or the rent? You know, I was thinking if it's a nice piece of land that I'm, that I'm gonna do something, I might put a Airstream.


No. A cool little shelter that could be multi-use live in that for a little while then it a shelter makes the property better. A sh This is The Ramsey Show Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill Mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org.


Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brent Win, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warsaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Phone number is triple eight Eight two five five two two five to get coached up. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by our friends at Why Refi Why. Refi refinance is defaulted private student loans at other places won't touch and gives you a low fixed rate loan built just for you. Cherise K. She took advantage of this and lowered her payment from $2,000 to six to $680 a month with Why Refi. So you need to go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey today if that's you and you can learn more there.


That's the letter. Y-R-R-E-F y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states. All righty. Today's question comes from Andy in Delaware. My fiance had a lot of debt related to a prior divorce. She's currently living with her parents and her parents used a little cash and 10 credit cards to pay off her debt. So now she owes them close to $75,000. I know legally most of this is not in my fiance's name, but morally we owe it together when we get married. I didn't agree with how her mom put this debt on credit cards and it doesn't sound like they are paying much more than the minimums right now. My plan is to take out a personal loan after we get married to pay off her parents in full.


So I have control over the debt completely. This would drop down the interest significantly. We could then attack it with both of our incomes to pay it off as quickly as we can. Would this work or is there a better plan? Okay, so just to clarify, there was a divorce, she had debt, her parents said we'll take care of it, but we're doing it with credit cards. And you're like, no, when we get married we're gonna take out a personal loan and clear it. I don't necessarily like that method. I like that you're saying, hey, after we get married then we'll tackle it together. That is right. So green check on that. I would not do the loan. The truth is, you're only on the hook for the 75,000.


You're not necessarily on the hook for any interest that is accrued because of their method of paying for this. That part is on them because they chose that route. They chose that card with that interest rate. Unless there's a conversation that I don't know about, in my mind I'd be like, I owe you $75,000 Ken. I couldn't agree more. It's a lot easier. Okay. They, they've already, they've already assumed this debt for her. Yeah. Isn't that something that she put on them? They did this. I would pay the parents directly and I agree with Jade. I wouldn't worry about the interest. That's their problem. I think they'll be thrilled that you guys are serious about paying it off and I think it's a lot easier to pay them off. Now I would only say the caveat to that is you both need to agree, you and your fiance that we aren't skipping this.


We're gonna treat this like it is a private loan. Like our credit would be affected. Yeah. Like they'd come after us with collections. All of the things that people that loan money put in place as some sense of accountability and I think that's the key or else this could create tension and I. I don't think that's the case here. I think, I think, I think this is like we want to get this out. I love the urgency, love the character and the integrity here. But I agree with Jade a hundred percent pay the parents Directly. Here's the problem I do foresee is that he, he's already noticing, hey her mom put this on credit cards it and this is him speculating. It doesn't seem like she's making payments. So, or he says something there where you know they're paying the minimums. Yeah, they're paying minimums.


Yeah. So I do foresee a problem of down the line them saying, well we did this, but it's, the balance has grown. So I do think you need to have some sort of really, really clear conversation about how interest is handled. Yeah. And how that part is not pertaining to you. Yep. And And records, records, records, records, Records. I would treat every payment that's sent to the parents, however you choose to do it. I would have that in a journal a, a financial record. Your bank would easily give you that. Yeah, I would do that. So that it is tracked. Yes. If, you have the conversation that Jade is recommending and I agree because again, they could do something dumb with all that 75,000 and not pay off the credit card. But at that point And, and ain't my problem.


And let it be known when Ken and I talk about you having this conversation. We really mean your, your wife, not you. Yeah, I agree. You need to stay far from this conversation and let, and not the truth her speak for both of you. Because otherwise this could get I agree. Grizzly. Let's Go to Detroit, Michigan. Where Nick awaits, Nick How can We help. Hey Ken and Jade, thank you for taking my call. I had a question about having dual employment. Reason being was we have three boys, seven, six, and three. So we're in that messy middle. and I wanted to give my wife the opportunity to, you know, be a stay at home mom. She was a nurse to begin with and then once we had her third child, I just said, you know, might might as well stay at home.


We can survive with my income now that she, we took advantage of her or she took advantage by herself going through her master's to get nurse practitioner and she just completed the program And you told her to stay home And Yeah. Hold on, hold on. I did. Okay. So can you go ahead? Yeah, keep Going. I'm sorry. That's alright. Go ahead. Yeah, keep going. Set it, get it, get it, get to our question. Yep. Okay. So my, I work for a fire department and I make about 110,000. And then I also have a family business where I make about a hundred thousand as well. Obviously the fire is, is pension and then the family business is just straight salary.


There is a simple IRA that I can contribute to. My question is, is now that she has her nurse practitioner license and we have no student debt and I crazy to leave my fire department employee employment and give up my pension opportunity and allow her income to supplement my loss and you know, o obviously strive to make more of the family business or do I just grind it out with both employments if I can manage it. Alright, so how much is she gonna, excuse me, how much is she gonna make as a nurse practitioner?


I would, I would hope about 140. Okay, so one 40 and the family business where you're making a hundred right now, do you own that or are you working for another family member? For my dad. Okay. And and is that what you want to do long term? Let's go 15, 20 years from now. Do you wanna be a fireman and be in the business or do you just wanna be running that business or not in it at all? No, and so that's the unique part is I, in about five years I had the opportunity to leave the fire department under a full pension or I, I'm able to be, I can pull out from the pension. I, I know, but I'm not, I'm not focusing on that. I'm asking do you want to be long-term owner or involved in the family business?


Yes or no? Yes. Yes. I mean, that's the dream. That's what you want, right? Yes. Yes. Okay. So what would benefit you leaving the fire department right now? Forget the pension. I know you're all hung up off the pension. I don't really care about the pension. I'm not minimizing the pension, but we don't make decisions based on pensions. Okay. So my question is, if you leave the fire department that's a certain block of hours every week and you just focused on the business, would that allow you to do more and get paid more in the family business? Yeah, there would have to be a discussion, but yeah, absolutely. I'd have the discussion, dad, if I walk away from the fire department and I start fulltime and I'm, I'm all my energy in here.


What's that look like? This is very simple. Stop thinking about the fire pension. 'cause if you walk away from the pension to make your life better in the now and the next, nobody cares about the pension. Jade, I wanna know where does the stay at home mom who was gonna be a nurse practitioner fit into all this? Because that was the thing that made me be like, wait, what, what, What? It sounds like she's back in right to work. Yeah. No, and that was the goal. I mean, she just wanted, she, that was her personal goal was to become a nurse practitioner and Okay. With her being a stay at home mom, it gave her the opportunity to just focus on school and nothing else. So she's excited. It's excited and to get back in and Does she have a gig She is currently seeking?


Yeah. Okay, cool. Okay. Okay. Understand. Yeah, Understand. I walk away from the fireman position. There's, you're only in it because of this pension. It's the only evidence you've given us as to why you'd keep doing it. and I just don't think you need to keep doing it. Now you can if you want to, but if I'm trying to grow in one area, which is for you as a family business, every second I'm spending in the fire station is taking away from that long-term goal. And if your wife makes 110 and she's replacing the fireman salary. Yeah. Why not? Bingo. This is a no-brainer. If it plays out the way that you want it to play out, maybe wait until she gets the Gate. Yeah. I guess I'm afraid to pull the trigger. Yeah. Well Don't pull the trigger until she starts making the money and she's in No, absolutely.


Yeah man, you got this. That's interesting. What do, yeah. Yeah. I was confused in the very beginning, but I also jumped the gun so that's why I was confused. Yeah, you Got, you got a little fired Up there. I know I did. You thought that was going a different direction. I did. I did. Don't tell me what I can do. I know. Is that what I heard? Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I, I digress. We can. She's a Can't. She's a strong woman. Hear her roar folks. Good hour. This is The Ramsey show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we help you win in your life. America, we're gonna help you win with your money, win in your work and win with your relationships alongside the fabulous, the incomparable Jade Waroff. I am just simply Ken Ken Coleman. You get a last name Coleman. Yeah. There You go. Glad to be with you my friend. Always fun. Yes. how are you feeling? how are you feeling about the future today? You Know what, I am quite hopeful, but I would've been hopeful regardless of who won this election. I know you would've. You know, I'm all about that. I know. You know why? Because you, you and your hubs paid off almost half a million dollars. Okay. In debt. You're a former D one volleyball player.


You are a mom, you're a wife, you're a successful person. You just ran a marathon. Thank you Ken For crying out loud. Why we haven't talked about that enough? I don't know. Did you set a PR on that? America wants to know. It Was my personal best and my only best and my only marathon Only. Oh. I thought for some reason that you had run one before. I've done mini house. So as of right now, it is a personal record. That's right. And we will call it that. Yeah. I was impressed because folks, I saw her Instagram post on the day of the marathon. I believe it was a Saturday as I recall. Yeah, it was. And you, you posted that you were like laying down, you're like, I ain't doing anything. and I, I laughed and I I've there Listen, I had my hair tied up. I was out, But Monday morning I was at my desk.


And who comes confidently striding in to her desk. Yeah. No limping. Yeah. You wanna know why? Because I did the training. I know I trained, But I also think you might just be a little bit more blessed athletically and physically. 'cause I was really in pain after mine. Half marathon. You did a full I'm trying to build. You didn't remember I said to you, I was like, are you not sore? And you looked at me like, I was like, no Brother Ken. I'm trying to build an analogy here for the listeners. Help me build. I don't know what it is 'cause I don't know where your head's at. I'm saying that I did the training, I did the steps ahead of time. So when the race day hit Yeah. It didn't wreck your Body. Yeah. Regardless of the outcome. I was all right. I agree. Well, I'm proud of you, you and Sam both.


Do you see my analogy that I'm building here? Ken? Yes. Okay. You did the training, the baby steps. Yes. I'm I'm with You. Sorry. And so when the race day Came, I didn't wanna step into your thing. I thought you were gonna finish it. I didn't know you were looking for me to like jump in on the assist Assists. I wanted you to be like Jade, that was great when the Race, you threw me pass and I was supposed to dunk it. Yeah. I missed it When the race day came. No matter the outcome, I was prepared. You were prepared. And that's you American people. You You had the emergency. I was trying to make this so it wasn't just you and me rambling. Well, I'm proud of you. Alright. Aaron is up next right here in the neck of, I don't know what I'm saying. I, I forgot how to talk. Our neck of the woods. Nashville. Tennessee. Aaron is joining us. Aaron How. can We help?


Yes. First off. Great. Be on the show. Y'all are great. Thank you. But I, I have just filed for chapter seven bankruptcy. Oh. I was working three jobs now I'm down to two. Okay. And I'm about to have my car repossessed. Oh my gosh. Just now. Got turned on my bills. Oh my gosh. And I'm really wondering what I should do next. Did you already file, has it already been approved? And it's been filed. Okay. So, And I should know when the next month or back next month when it all gets dropped. All Right. how are you doing? Real quick, let's just get a quick check on your head and heart. how are you, how are you holding up?


I'm, I'm doing okay. I've just been working 70 plus hours a week trying to work my way out of it. Oh man. Okay. And all Right, well we're gonna help hang in there. Here's my point. your life is not over. You know, you, you can come back from this. So you, you filed the proceeding. Can you tell me what the timeline is on this? So I filed about a month and a half ago. I've had the meeting of creditors and they said the next step is af 90 days after it is filed. I should have what?


The dismissal of everything. How much was it? Like what, what was, how much was in the bankruptcy? So I had about 43,000 in debt. About 33 of it is going to be dismissed from the bankruptcy. Okay. So that leaves you on the hook for 10, About 11 with student loans? Yes. Oh, oh yeah. 'cause yeah, student loans are not bankruptable. So man, tell me what caused you to get in a situation where you'd file bankruptcy over $33,000. Tell me more. Well, well I was pending over a thousand dollars a month between the car payment and insurance.


And then I was working a restaurant job at the time that just hit the slow season, started making three or $400 in a paycheck instead of a thousand plus. Okay. To where I went for a new job at that point. And to get more steady pay. Yeah. I actually still work at that restaurant on Saturdays only now. Okay. And you bring in, what do you bring in every month? 'cause what I'm getting at here is I wanna make sure whatever caused this has been rectified because otherwise well you'll be here again. and I don't think people realize that. I think sometimes they file bankruptcy and they go, okay, I've solved it. But what I found is people who do it a lot of times have done it more than once.


And so I wanna make sure we solve that at the root. What are you earning every month now? Right now I just now got off a training pay, so it should go up. But I'm making about, I'd say four grand a month between the restaurant and the exterminator job now. Okay. And that's more than what you were making before? I was making more during the high times. It just wasn't steady. Okay. And tell us about your living situation. What's your rent or mortgage? Rent is nine 50, utilities included.


Okay, good. That's at a good spot. Yeah. I just, I mean you're in this now tell me again, did you say chapter seven or chapter 13? I was, It's chapter seven. Okay. Yeah. So they're just liquidating everything. Yeah. I mean at this point you're in it, you're not gonna be able to stop it. They're gonna give you a payment plan. They're gonna take whatever they can sell and sell it and pay down, pay down this. And then you're gonna be on a payment plan basically for the rest. That's not, there's No payment plan with chapter seven. It's just dismissed. Are they giving you a plan for the student loans or you're on your own for that? I'm on my own with that. Okay. Yeah. So you're 10 KN And so the plan now is let's pay this off as quickly as possible.


The big kicker is the vehicle part of the bankruptcy is that I lose the vehicle. And they hadn't taken it yet, but it actually just lost an axle while I was driving it the other day to where it's not usable right now. Oh my gosh. I do have a work vehicle for the exterminator job. Yeah, but you have to use that only for Work. I that job. Are you gonna be able to get to the restaurant? I have a guy who lives in my neighborhood that's been giving me a ride there and back when I don't have a ride, it's anywhere from 70 to a hundred bucks to Uber there and back. Well, the good news is the 33,000 was dismissed. And so with your $4,000 in, in a month income where your, your rent is right where it should be at around 25%, now you've got margin back.


So how quickly can we save up to get something in cash because that debt is gone. You, in many ways, you got what you wanted and that debt was cleared, but now it's, it's at the, at it's at the expense of you completely rebuilding from scratch. Yeah. So the, we, we cannot, and I, I can't stress this enough, we cannot do the same actions that caused this. So you cannot go into debt for this vehicle. You've got to figure out what that means. Is it I'm getting a ride from my buddy until I can save up $3,000 to get the most beater beater that I can find. Is it I'm Ubering, is it, I'm picking up a third job. Whatever that is. You cannot create the same problems that got you into bankruptcy again.


Alright. Quick commercial break back with more of your calls. America. She's Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. You're listening to The. Ramsey. Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks, and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. and I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N ds.org/ Ramsey.


Hey folks, Dave here. If you haven't booked your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise, now's the time because it's 90 something percent sold out. You do not want to miss joining me, the Ramsey personalities and amazing guest entertainers for the ultimate debt-free celebration. We'll be sailing the Caribbean March 22nd through the 29th, 2025, stopping at the incredible Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, and The Bahamas. Hurry to secure your spot with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw joins me. The phone number to jump in for you today is Triple eight Eight two five five two two five triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Okay, short quiz for you Jade. Alright. What is the best way to make the most of your money? EveryDollar. Alright. What is EveryDollar? EveryDollar is the best budgeting app in the world. Nice. Even though I just said it in the rhythm of jaw rule, it's still the best budgeting app there is. We created it here at Ramsey and it truly is for, if you're a person who was used to pen and paper, if you're a person who was a spreadsheet person, this covers all of those bases. It gives the simplicity for the pen and paper person, but it also gives the nerd out feeling for the spreadsheet person.


And so I think it covers all those bases. And then if you're a couple, it's great because it covers the communication part of it. I Like it. That's a good breakdown. You know what I'm saying? I like that. Download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play or click the link in our show notes if you are on YouTube or podcast. Yep. Alright, let's get to Grace in Cleveland, Ohio. Grace How, can We help today? Hi you guys. Oh my gosh. thank you so much for taking my call. You bet. Okay, so my question for you guys is, my husband and I are in baby steps four, five, and six. And we know that you're not necessarily supposed to be Gazelle and tens all the way through steps four, five, and six, but we are wondering, since we're such a young age, if there's ever a situation where it is appropriate or makes sense to stay Gazelle tenant through paying off your mortgage.


Yeah. You know, it's funny, we get this question a lot and I'll tell you what I Jade's opinion. My opinion is if you were a person like Sam or I who, you know, baby step one, two and three took you an inordinate amount of time, right? You were doing it for four years or five years or even three, three years of really being laser focused. You got your head down, you're sacrificing at a deep level. Yes. When it's time to go to baby steps four, five, and six, you need to chill out. You need to take a chill pill. You need to move intentionally, not with intensity. Why you deserve, because you deserve to enjoy some of the fruit of your labor. Life is, life is your life and you don't, it's hard enough.


It's hard enough like you've, you've done the hard part. Now you get to say, okay, let's enjoy this a little bit. We go on vacation, we buy a new couch, but we're still being intentional and figuring out the rhythm of when we're gonna do extra payments, whether it be to 5 29 or to the house now. Yeah. If you're a person who you're like, you know what, I kind of just automatically avoided debt and I didn't have much of it. And when we found the baby steps and figured out that there's this idea that you could pay off the mortgage too, we never really had that head down laser focused time period spent on debt and savings then Yeah, I could see where you could say, you know what, for us, this is kind of our baby step two vibe for this mortgage. Yep. and I'm not mad at that and I don't think, do you see what I'm saying?


As long as you and your spouse are on Yeah. This same page and you go, for us this is, this is the, that moment. I'm not mad at that but what's At the root of that question Grace? Because I think it's interesting that you ask us can we remain, it's almost like you're looking for permission or maybe your spouse is looking for permission. Tell us what's behind that question. Yeah, so it took us about a year to get through baby steps one, two, and three. So we did it pretty quickly. We are on a two income household income right now and we had a surprise baby. He's six months old now and I would love the opportunity to stay at home with him like my mother did with us. But right now I am the breadwinner of our home.


So it's just not possible with our expenses. Right. For me to just completely stop working and I wanna be financially responsible for just the future of our family, but if we have another kid, I would love to be able to stay home. So kind of the root of that is we calculated that we would be about three and a half years out if we are Gazelle intends to finish the mortgage. So it would take us four and a half years total to get to baby seven. Yeah. And then at that point we wouldn't have a mortgage and I'd be able to stay home if we decide to have more kids. Well then Of course I love that. Why then if that's, that's all I asked for that you know what the answer is. You were calling us kind of looking for permission. Yeah. This was a question of values. You don't, you don't need our permission, it's your life.


I love how Jade answered it and I agree with what she's saying there. I think in this case you're okay, you don't feel like you're overheated and you've got a really great why and I just think motivation's not an issue for you guys. So yeah, I'd I'd, I'd go as hard as you guys want to go on that. How Old are you? Yeah, my husband, I'm 27. So You'd be 30 and a half with a paid off mortgage. Yeah, we'd be on baby steps seven at 30 and a half. My husband was like's kind of his income's un like kind of uncapped with what he does. So he was like, I mean from age 30 to whenever he decides to retire, he is like I could put more than 15% into my retirement at that point because we wouldn't have good a mortgage 'cause we busted our butts. Now do you guys have a plan to replace your income with his growth or get close to it?


Yeah. Yeah. So right now we're at 170,000 between the two of us. I'm 27, he's 28. Okay. And his income should definitely easily hit that throughout the course of his career. Well, but how soon, so let's just, let's fast forward your timeline. Do you think he could get to a place where he's almost, or has replaced your income or surpassed your income by the time you got the house paid off? Surpassed mine? Yes. Surpassed both of ours total? Probably not. But he also, we both have like side hustles that we started doing on the side and we're, I think we're starting to get a little more intense with them.


Right. So we have the opportunity to add an extra 2000. Okay. and I may not have asked it. Well so, but I hear what you said. He's not, and by the time you pay the house off in this timeline, he's not going to be making what the two of you make together. Yeah. So my follow up question is, and I think I know the answer, will you guys prepare for that and adjust your lifestyle? So that doesn't put you under pressure 'cause what you don't want is to be jacked and excited about coming home with the babies but then feeling the pressure of the squeeze. So we wanna adjust our lifestyle so that he also doesn't have pressure. Is that gonna be the case? Yeah, so that's a really good question. So we have figured it out that if he kind of continues at his trajectory, when I am done working, he should be at about 5,500 monthly income.


But our expenses are only 2,500 a month. So we should still have like a $3,000 cushion every month. And that's, and that's no house payment, correct? Yes. That's with no house payment. Correct. Okay. Yeah. I'm see that's the margin. That's all I'm checking you on. And it sounds like you guys got a great plan, Jade. I I feel great about this decision. This is maturity. Yeah. And a young couple thank you. We we actually did Financial Peace University. Our church and college had offered it and my husband and I wanted to do it before we ever got engaged and we just think it was the best decision we ever made. 'cause we were both very aligned on values and financial literacy and everything. and I just have to say too, before I go off, Jade, you and Rachel are both like my role models.


So I'm super excited I got to talk to you today. You're the role model. You're sitting here, that's fantastic. You've done everything that we could possibly hope someone would do and this is the outcome. You, you have choices and you get to live your life based on your values. To say it like Rachel Cruz, you've created a life that you love and I think that's excellent. So you're the role model And I'd like you to receive that though. I receive it. Oh Thank, you. It's definitely my parents. This, my parents were definitely the thing. Not me. You, you and Rachel deserve that grace. That's phenomenal. How old are you again? 27. Wow. 27-year-old Grace looking up to you and Rachel Cruz. Holy smokes. Grace, you have picked two fabulous role models. I'm, I'm blessed to know both of these ladies and you, you are on a great track so thanks for sharing that.


Sometimes you know, people need to hear that. So how does that feel? Does it make you feel old bit? Does It make me feel old? Yeah. Why do, why do I have to be old kin to be a role model? Oh boy there, I just stepped right there. America, this is a classic male error here. I was trying to be nice. I just was showing you some honor and then I go and ruin it. I'm an elder. I'm asking you if you feel old. No, she's 27. I'm not gonna reveal how old you are. I, I'm 40. I feel alright. I feel this is the reason I came here. There we go. Good. You deflected that really quick and I wanted you to receive that. Yeah. 'cause that's a big deal for someone that sharp to call in and trust you with advice but then say that nice thing.


So that's very nice. Do you feel Old After pickleball tonight? I will at this very moment I feel very fresh. I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. How late did you stay up? I stayed up, I tried to watch till the very end. I stayed up till about one 30. Well you know, for the audience who doesn't know me, I'm used to in a very, very long ago life used to work in politics and so I'm just an observer now. Like I'm a junkie. I watch both sides. I I just take it all in. I'm very quiet and sit there. Yeah, I don't go high or low, I just kinda like same. Yeah. Watching the game. And so I'll tell you I got home at 2:45 AM lessons Okay that's Nice. And had one too many cigars. So voice is cracking on me a little bit today.


Alright. I'm a little jealous. I had popcorn. No cigars. Yeah. Next time include Sam and I. Alright, We'll do it. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you're like most people, your financial and personal documents are scattered all over, making it hard to find a specific account number or password when you need it. And even harder for our loved ones when we pass away. One key to having a healthy financial life is being able to access your information and knock box makes that simple knock box NOK as in next of Ken is a complete system that helps you organize your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. Knock box saves your family the trouble of tracking down random scraps of paper or hacking into your laptop. So don't add headaches to their heartache. Start getting organized today by visiting knock box.com/ Ramsey. That's N ok box.com/ Ramsey.


These days the internet is chockfull of so-called Investing Advice from Random Goobs with zero qualifications. Listen folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show America alongside Jade Warshaw Ken Coleman the phone number for you to jump in. We'd love to coach up. Today is triple eight Eight two five five two two five triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Amy joins us now at Vancouver. Amy How, can We help today? Hi, my question is about a shared asset I have with my other adult sibling. So the asset is actually in Texas and it was given to all of us by my parents and it was, it's definitely been a blessing and it's getting to the point where there wasn't really a long-term plan put in place.


So it's starting to feel less like a blessing and more of a point of conflict. So what is it? Me and all my siblings have lived there. It's a house and all me and all my siblings have aren't names are on it. And we have all lived there at some point while paying rent. Except my brother is now, he's been in the house for about six years and he hasn't paid rent and he's currently on leave with the military and I tried to reach out to make a plan before he left and he didn't respond to anything. So I'm wondering how to navigate this asset and keep it a blessing while preserving our relationships.


How many siblings total? There's four of us. And how did he get this deal? How did he just start living in, when when, when everybody else has lived in it and paid rent. and I'm presuming you guys have rented it to other people as well. Is that true? I think we rented it to one other family. Okay. So How did he get away with living rent-free for six years. So it was kind of like on your integrity there was an account set up and you put a certain amount in the that account every month and he decided he didn't wanna use that same account.


He wanted to do his own thing, which we're like, that's fine, you know you can pay rent how you Like, what is the rent? What is it? It's $250 a month. Oh Man. Oh my gosh. This is a joke. And so he's not been paying it. Not once. What do the other siblings think about this? So basic like we would, we don't know how to resolve it. The communication's not great. They kind of wanna be like, well yeah we'd like to talk about this. Kind of written it off as like, oh like we're just never gonna see money from that. It's just never gonna, nothing's gonna change. How, how'd you arrive at the 250? Is that like an arbitrary amount or is that maintenance?


What is that? So that was set up like over a decade ago, like a long time ago Nate. And it was, it was, but the purpose of like, oh this is affordable so we can live in it and save money so we can, you know, kind of get ahead. It doesn't include like utilities or anything like that. So all four of you are on the deed? Yes. What's it worth? The asset? Probably 200,000 at the, on the bottom side of the both side. And there's no debt on it, right? No, no. So do the other three siblings. Oh, I'm sorry, there's four of you. So the other two plus you.


Are they all wanting to get out of this as well? Are you there? I'm sorry, I I couldn't hear the end of that question. Okay, I'm here. I'm asking do the other siblings, are they in agreement with you about they want to get out or are you the only one thinking going, how do I get out of this? No, the other siblings, were all in agreement. Okay. Okay. Well that helps. Majority rules. So, so I, I'm gonna, I don't know, so I wanna say something but I, I'll first say, I don't know, I've never experienced this before. So I would be seeking counsel, actual legal counsel on this, on, on what your options are when you've got four people on a deed.


Three want to get out. I just don't know enough legal on that. But I would say this, however this goes down, it's time for three of you to stop letting him bully you. This guy's a this guy's a bully and I know it's your brother, I'm just telling you like it is. He's not returning your calls, he's just acting like a school ground, like on the playground. Bully. I'm not gonna talk to you. I'm giving you the silent treatment. I'm creating all this tension and I'm not playing Paul, I'm just creating all this and I'm daring you, he's daring you guys to do something and I think he's doing it because he knows you're not willing to do anything about it.


and I think that's the only little thing I wanted to put in there. 'cause I think however you resolve this, Jade, I'll get outta the way if you've got a point on this. But I, I think whatever needs to happen, he needs to realize the gig is up. Yeah, I think you've You've long outstaged your welcome. You've been, you've taken advantage of us. It's over. Yeah. So just for clarity for me, so you guys, the plan was when you live in the house, you put the $250 in the account and that's split amongst the other three siblings, right? No. So the, that amount goes just towards repairs. Like, oh, if something like breaks, okay, you have money in the account to pay for It. And so while he's been living in the house, if something broke, what happened?


I'm not sure. So well he, there are things broken and they're just not fixed So he just didn't take care of the place while he was there either, right? Oh wow. Right, okay. So yeah, I mean the majority rules here. If, you have to get a judge to force this. I, I don't think it would be that difficult to do it. We could talk about the idea of him buying you guys out, but I don't think that's gonna happen. It's just not gonna happen. So yeah, you might have to sit down. All of you guys sit down and try to make it light, but for me the fact that you're calling, it's no longer light. So you can try to keep that a light conversation. But I think the longer you let this go on, the worse it gets. So to Ken's point, yeah, I think you guys get together, somebody talk to a judge and say how do we force this because we're ready to sell it.


We've kept it this long, he's not paying rent. And the truth is, I kind of like the fact that he doesn't owe each of you. 'cause I mean if, if you guys are splitting this money, truly he'd owe each of you $6,000 but he doesn't since he's not even taking care of the place. Although who knows if that'll affect the resale value but I'd get out of it immediately. I would too. 'cause if you look at this split, let's say they sell it for 200 and you, it's less less than 50 grand each. Yeah. It's just not enough money to be dealing with all this garbage. So Amy, I'm with you. I think your instincts are right. Let's get out of this thing. No messing around. It's not worth spending a bunch with a lawyer to the judge thing, whatever. I think Jade's right, let let's clean efficient force his hand.


Yeah, we're selling this thing and we we we we avoid all the tension and then Thanksgiving and crystals takes care of itself. But yeah, I'd get out quick. I really would. That's that's an unfortunate situation. I mean when you get and see that's an okay, so I'm sitting here and I didn't ask. Okay, I've already put on hold but like I didn't ask. I guess I should have if mom and dad are still alive, I got the picture. They aren't around. I got the feeling they're not around. But I just, and for that reason I just, I sat there and I went note to self, if Stacey and I wanna bless our three kids, I need to bless them individually, cash, not try to do a, Hey we're gonna do this asset and work the three of you into it.


Yeah, I just sat there and I went note to self Cash money And individually. Yes. Like you're not in it together. Yeah. I'm blessing you this way, I'm blessing you this way, this way. And it is not this like joint thing where there's just, it's just what I don't see what the value is in that. It Was probably the family home is my guess. Mm. and I think and they probably had the option to sell it early on but they weren't ready to part with it yet. And so it probably just became, listen, I am adding all sorts of story to this that I don't know are true. So I'm sorry if that's not true. But but You agree right? Yeah. To to to to give four kids a house. Alright you guys, here you go. Yeah. It's like even if there's not a problem, it just feels like it's easy for a problem to exist.


'cause then you have four different people, you have four different views of life. Yeah. Money. It's like, it's like when you get a gift card to a restaurant you don't really like, you're happy for the gift card but now you're forced to eat at Applebee's. Oh geez. You just went there just saying a shot across the bow. I'm just saying eat Good good in the neighborhood. You're like thank you. I mean there's a lot of people that like an Applebee's. Hey, note to self team. No Applebee's gift cards for Jade. That would not go over well. Yeah, It's where Would one, where would one get you a gift card too? I'm with you Asking for a friend Visa gift card Cash. No, no I want it. I'm putting you on the spot. 20 seconds. Oh if I'm gonna get you, Stacey and I are gonna get you and Sam a gift card to a restaurant.


Where do you want, where do you want to go? Oh and it has to be national so people know it. Yeah, I know. Okay, Come on. I don't know Jay Alexanders Alright there. Do you guys have that? Yeah. Do you guys, you live here too. You act like you I'm not gonna lie. I Wanted, do you guys have that? Can't Call me I To say Red Lobster. Are you Middle Tennessee as well? I wanted to say Red Lobster. I, I don't mind that at all. I love a good lobster. Alright, quick break. This is The Ramsey Show of Folks. The RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Thanks for being here. America, we're here for you. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five Before we get to the phones, quick question from The Ramsey Network app. This is from Jared. I started following your program about five months ago and I paid off two out of five credit cards. I lost my job two weeks ago but was given a severance package.


Should I continue attacking my debt or pause until I gain employment again? I'm actively looking and have been interviewing. Good question. Very practical. Yeah, I mean 100% I would pause it. This is something we would call a storm. So you're in storm mode so I love that you're working the baby steps. I love that you were just starting to get some momentum there. But let's pause it for a second. Get a job under our belt and then we can push play once things normalize. Yeah. By the way, real quick reminder, if you are listening via your favorite podcast app or you're watching via YouTube, this is the last segment of the show that you'll hear unless you go over to The Ramsey Network app and you can do that by just clicking the link in the show notes and and get to the app and that's where you get the rest of the show.


That's right for free. Of course those of you listening via radio of course we continue on so just be aware of that programming note. Trent joins us now in Wilmington, North Carolina. Trent How can We help today? How are you guys doing? Good, How are you sir? Doing well, doing well. What's going on? How can We help? So I got some money in the stock market and instead is my wife and I was wondering if I should take that money out to pay off some of this house debt. I have a couple rental properties and a primary house. One of the, one of the rental houses is completely paid off and the next one has 180,000 I owe on it.


And then of course I just bought my primary residence a few weeks ago. Okay, so you've got a paid off rental. A rental where you owe 180 and what, what is that one worth it if you were just to sell? I'm just curious. It's probably worth about four 30. Nice. And then your primary house, what's the mortgage on that? It's about 3000 a month. No, what do you owe? Like the big picture picture? Oh I, sorry. Sorry. That's okay. I owe about 500 on it. Okay. Okay. And tell us about this, these stocks, is it single stocks? They're in, mine's in Index mutual fund and I have two 60 in mine and then my wife has an inherited Roth IRA and she's got 360 in hers.


Wow, okay. So the Roth IRAI, is she required to take any distribution of that or not yet? Yes, she has to take out, I believe it's like right at 500 a month. Okay. She's required to take 500 a month. And you're talking about liquidating that you said there's 360 in that? Yeah, I didn't know if I should pay off that second rental with, you know, some of my money that's in the stock and maybe some of hers or should I just keep it all in there and just keep letting it grow as is? I just, Yeah, I Wouldnt, I have a passion for rentals and stuff like that so I'd like to get back into that but I, I wouldn't liquidate the Roth IRA 'cause you're going to have a penalty I believe if you do Now the mutual index fund?


It's that's, that's non-retirement, it's just a brokerage account? Correct. Okay. And how much did you say again, tell me again. Two 60. Okay. That one if you wanted to, do you have any other consumer debt? No. Okay, so no consumer debt. Do you have any other retirement funds? Just that one rental that's paid off. That's part of your retirement you think? Yeah. Yeah. And what's that worth? Right now It's worth like two 30 around there. Okay, and how old are you?


30 cents. Sorry, I'll be 38 in a week or so. Listen, I just grilled you. I understand that. Yeah, I wouldn't touch this. You don't have any other retirement. If I were going to do anything I would liquidate the other paid for rental in order to do this to clear some of this out. I I or I would keep the paid four rental and I'd liquidate the one that's worth four 30 and get that and put that two 50 or whatever you gain from that onto the house. That's what I do. That way it keeps you with the paid off rental that you're hoping will continue to add value and then when you're ready, you sell it for lots and lots of money one day and you're paying off half of your house by selling this other one that you had debt on anyway.


So you're saying liquidate sell the one that's that I owe 180 on and pay down my current house, is that what you're saying? That's what I do. Okay, okay. Because I, I don't wanna keep around a rental that I've got debt on at the expense of me living in a paid off house and I, I think that this, this mutual fund that you have, for all intents and purposes, I'm treating that as a retirement account and from now on I would, unless you're self-employed, I would be trying to invest in my 401k at work. I'd be looking at a Roth IRA instead of just a brokerage account. Okay. Yeah. I am self-employed. Okay. Yeah, and even setting up something like a, an individual 401k something where you're getting more benefit than just this brokerage account, it's, it's not a bad place to start but even Roth IRAs is good for you.


So that's just a side note but yeah in your case let's get rid of that rental and start knocking out this house. Okay? Okay. Sounds great. Too easy. Yeah, there you go. You know, if it ain't broke don't fix it. I got nothing to add over here. Nothing. I was gonna say I concur. Yeah, there's a lot there. I thought you did a great job. thank you. Nothing to add. thank you. Thank. you Ken? Yeah, I'm sorry. America doesn't need to hear anymore on that. You nailed it. thank you. Yeah, there you go. Nicholas is up in Phoenix, Arizona. Nicholas How can We help? Hey guys, thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's happening? So I've got a health insurance question for you guys love Me, my wife, We've got, yeah we've got our open enrollment coming up this Friday and we're trying to decide between an HSA, which I know you guys are a big fan of or A PPO.


The one factor that's making this difficult is we have a baby due our son in February. Okay. So we kind of have like a known hospital expense going into this whatever account or whatever insurance we choose. But we kind of got burned this past year with A PPO and I just checked it yesterday with the low deductible between my entire family. We've only spent a hundred dollars towards it with like 5,000 in premiums. So, so it, I'm just trying to decide whether or not, you know, with the baby on the way that's so complicated or you guys would still recommend the HSAI Love an HSA because of the savings component to it and there is a part of this where you know you're having a baby, you know that you're going to hit the deductible possibly.


I mean there's a good chance and so there's part of that where I like the known, if you've done the PPO and it didn't work out for you and you know that you've kind of, it's burned you, then this might be a good opportunity to switch lanes. Yeah, we, so we did the, for our daughter, for our first child we had, we were on a PPO plan and it seemed to help out there because between the before like all the appointments going up to that and then the labor and the delivery, we hit that deductible pretty quickly. And so the actual hospital bill was only about 800 bucks. But because it's at the beginning of the year, I kind of feel we're gonna run up our deductible either way.


Yeah. The, I I guess I can give you guys some more details on the numbers. Our deductible for the PPO would be 4,600 for the family, 23 per individual and then for the HSA it'd be 4,600 per individual and 9,800 for the family. So we're basically for sure gonna hit the PPO deductible. Yeah. And then between 30% co-insurance after that. And then on the HSA after we hit the deductible, it's 25% co-insurance. So a little bit more coverage after we hit that high deductible. I, I like having nothing crazy. I like having the lower, the higher co-insurance because like you said, even after you hit the deductible, if there's any other cost, you're still on the hook for a percentage of that and so I'd want to be on the hook for the lower percent.


What's the out-of-pocket max Between the two? The out-of-pocket max? Yeah, so the out-of-pocket max for the PPO is 13,800. And then for the HSA it's 12,800. I like that better. And that is that for individual or that was family? That's for family. Okay. Individual. It's probably, Are you healthy half that are are you healthy? Yeah, I'm, we're, I'm, we were, my wife's 23. I'm 24. She's had two beautiful pregnancies so far. Good. I'm making this been, I'm making this choice based on her and I'd probably go with the HSA. It's got the lower out of pocket max and it's got the better co-insurance. So for that reason I'm out.


Judge Jade folks, she does it well. Good hour. This is The Ramsey Show. Hey you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app.


Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad Boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.