
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today From Ramsey Network.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by my good friend and RAMSEY personality, Jade Warshaw. And we're taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. That's the only way to get on this show. I mean, I guess you could email in, but good luck. I, there's the pile is hot. Take a bribe. I, Jade is apparently taking bribes. You Can Venmo, Jade to get your question to the front of the line. We kid, but it's not a terrible idea. Amanda's gonna kick us off in Calgary. What's going on Amanda? How can we help today? Hi. Hi guys. How are you doing today? Doing great. Good. Yeah, I'm calling to see my father passed away last July, and when I was backpacking about 15 years ago, we created a power of attorney to kind of protect me when I was traveling as I had one experience where all my stuff got stolen.


What I didn't know was that over the last 15 years, he had taken out about $520,000 worth of high interest mortgages In your name And the, in my name. Wow. That feels like fraud to me. Yeah. So yeah, I'm just kind of, at first it was one of those things where I just didn't know if I should Go to, to the courts for that because I was defensive and protecting my father. But since now it's been almost a year and it's not really been cleaned up at all And I'm kind of not sure what to do financially. Oh Gosh. So have you, you have reported it or not yet? I haven't. Okay. No, I think that's the first step, right?


Is, is You Can see this thing on your credit report. So kind of saying this, this wasn't me, this was my dad. And yeah. The fact he's, he's no longer with us. What are those Next Steps? Yeah, sorry. When I, I did I speak to one lawyer at the beginning and he said, because I had a power of attorney that my dad was legally able to do this on my behalf. That's kind of all the legal advice I've been given. Okay. Yeah. So I, And I did sign it, but in 2011, I believe so, yeah, I'm kind of just not sure where to go now with that debt Loan. Well, the, the good news is this is secure debt, so there's properties attached to this that you could sell.


They all have mortgages on them. Yes. But unfortunately all the evaluations are inflated, so the mortgages are actually worth more than the property. So you're underwater on each of these properties? Yes. Oh my gosh. How is that possible? How did the mortgage companies let this happen? Private lenders. So was this some like sketchy backend deals that he used this money for? Something nefarious? I'm confused. Yeah, I'm not really, I'm not really too sure. It looks like there might have been a big master plan, but unfortunately he, he passed before he could fix it. So I do believe there was a plan, but I'm not sure exactly what that was. But he had mortgages on properties to rebuild a home to, I believe sell his current home to clear all the debt, but he never made it there.


Goodness gracious. What happened to the, did he have any assets when he passed? He had his personal house, unfortunately, that was it. It did flood and then I wasn't able, 'cause I have siblings, so legally I wasn't able to sell his personal house to pay off my personal debt, which wasn't my debt, but it was his debt. But legally it wasn't in his name, So. Wow. So these mortgage companies are coming to you saying pay up or Sell? Yeah, these are all private lenders that actually invested their RSP. So it doesn't actually show up on my credit at the moment, but they basically took collateral. Wow. Have you pulled your credit report to see if any other debts were taken out in your name or accounts?


I have. And nothing shows up. It's Just, just these private lender mortgages. Yeah. Which I assume have terrible terms. Gotta be. Yeah. 30% interest. Oh, Holy moly. Holy smokes. Okay. Oh gosh. Wow. Wow. How upside down, that's the real question. How upside down are You? Are you, is hundreds of thousands, give us an example of one of the properties. What is, what's it worth and what is, what is That? Oh, for instance, one of them is valued at 70 5K and there's $180,000 mortgage. Oh My word. Yeah. That feels illegal to even issue a mortgage at that point. Yeah, I would, I mean, if I was in your shoes, obviously you need to work with an attorney.


We're just two people on a, on a show. But here's what I at least would do if I was in your shoes. I would let the mortgage lenders know in writing that, number one, these loans were made without your consent and it was based on an abuse of the power of attorney authority. And that you want to dispute the validity of the debt. And then You Can ask for gimme copies of the loan application, the signature pages, the notarized power of attorney that was used. I would make them give you everything they have. Yeah, I have all that. My signature was, it was signed on my behalf. And like I said before, they, they just used my power of attorney and said it was all legal. Yeah. And You've report, have you reported this, like done a police report? I haven't done a police report yet, no.


Well, the was the power of attorney and, And I'm, I'm not a, a lawyer here, so I'm, I'm just asking was the power of attorney that was granted in case you were unable to make financial decisions. Right. Not in every case. Yeah. My stuff got stolen while I was in New Zealand. Exactly. And it was kind of hard. Yeah, exactly. So, but I guess there was some clauses in there that maybe were put down that I didn't really fully understand at the time. Like what? Yeah, Well just making, there was actually the loan clause and other things like that. So I kind of, Here's the thing kind of, and, And I, I hate this for you And I don't know, I'm just going based off of what you're saying. Unfortunately, it does sound like there was language in this that puts you on the hook for it. And because of that, that's because it's a legal document.


You might have trouble getting out of this And I hate that for you. It's, let's pretend for the sake of the last few minutes of this call, let's pretend you can't get out of it. Let's pretend lawfully you're on the hook for it. Tell us about your financial situation and let's see if we can walk you through a way out of this. Yeah. Okay. So I actually just finished, I just went through flight school. So I actually personally in the last two years took out a $90,000 student loan, which I just finished my training all last week. Okay. That loan I took out, just, I wasn't making, I make maybe 40 KA year part-time. Ooh, okay. 'cause I was in school, so Yeah, I really, What'll you make now that you've got your license? Yes.


Oh, I haven't. I just graduated last week, So I haven't actually got a job yet. Okay. When do you see, when do you see that happening and when that does happen, what will you be earning? I would say hopefully in the next few months and maybe up to 60 to a hundred K, depending. Okay. So we've got this, there's a possibility to make a hundred thousand dollars. So you've got the 90,000 of student loans. Have you totaled up all the debt if you were to sell the properties, what would be the upside down amount for all these properties combined from your dad? Yeah, I would probably still owe about two 50 to 300. Oh my gosh. Okay. And your student loans is the only debt you have? No car loans, no credit cards, nothing like that? No. I have no credit card debt or that's a blessing or cards.


It's all been paid off. Okay. And it's just you, no kids. Significant other. Okay. Okay. So, man, I hate this for you. I, I mean, I just hate it, but at the same time, if you end up on the hook for this, we wanna make sure that you have a plan to get out of it. And it might, do you own your own house? No, I actually just rented the moment. I, my, me and my husband were actually hoping to buy last year, but we got kind of stuck in this. Okay. And where's your mom? So I live about 5,000 kilometers on the opposite side of the country. And they're not together. My parents Got it. Okay. So there's, it's not like You Can call her up and say, Hey, look what? Yeah, exactly. Look what? Look what your husband did.


Okay. Oh boy. Unfortunately, I hate to tell you, Amanda, you, you might have to walk the baby steps on this one and Okay. It's a clear path. It's worked for me. If it makes you feel any better, I paid off $460,000 of debt and it was terrible, but at least it was debt that I racked up. So for you, you, you're gonna have a bitter taste in your mouth if you have to do this. Yeah. But the good news is You Can do it. Oh, I hope You Can work with your attorney to work this out. Even if they foreclose on it and they waive your deficiency, that at least might get you out with all of this damage and years of cleaning the mess up. That's a best case scenario. Worst case, it's gonna be years of hard work. I'm so sorry you're going through this. Oh wow. Wow.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome Back to the show. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to call. Hey, are you staying on track with the baby steps? We created a quick quiz so You Can check your progress and get a personalized plan just for you. Simply head to the show notes, click on the link titled Are you on Track with the Baby Steps and complete the quiz. Mike is up next in Philadelphia. What's going on Mike? Hey guys, How are you today? Doing Well. How can we help? So pretty much, I just kind of got hit with a baseball vet the other day with my wife telling me we needed to get a divorce. Oh. Oh my goodness. And so sorry. We Are, no, it's okay.


I'm still processing it. But how Long are you guys married? We are 10 years. You got kids? Two kids? Yeah. Mm. I'm so sorry, But to say the least, we are in a significant mountain of debt and that includes our house and credit cards, cars, loans, student loans. And we just don't see that. I just don't see a light ahead of the tunnel. Just trying to figure out, you know, with her wanting a divorce, what is the best scenario?


I mean, separate our finances, move forward trying to pay off the debt and staying in the house until we can get some stuff taken care of. Yeah, I mean, right now I probably, probably now is the time to, to start separating things if you haven't already. I'm guessing one of you is moving, moving or has moved out of the house? No, not Yet. No. Right, right, right now we're still in the house. Okay. I mean, I've talked to a few people and people have said like, don't leave the house because I mean that's Yeah. At this point in time that's our greatest asset. We don't That's right. There's so, so much that we put into this house right now and that's pretty significant portion of the debt outside of our mortgage.


Is it HELOC? Taken out? Loans. Oh, personal loans. How much? Yeah, So the HELOC is for 1 35. Okay. Personal loan is 44. Okay. Or sorry, 49. Okay. What about the cars? And I mean cars were at about, I would say one 20. Whose Is whose? Like how much is yours? How much is hers? Mine's 70, hers is about 40. So one 10. And then how about the credit cards? How much of those, how much in Total, individual or separate? Total for now. Total we're about, we're about one 40.


Okay. And then finally the student loans. Whose name are those in student Loans? So most of hers, some are mine. I think I have about right now about 18. And then she has close to seven 60 or 70. Okay. That I didn't see the recent number yet, but, And the other de i is are, did you guys kinda share, this is your, are both of your names on all this stuff? Are both of your names on the mortgage? That kind of thing? Both of our names are, yeah. Both of our names are on the mortgage. I think her just, I mean she, her name's just on the car. My name's on the car. Okay. We do have individual credit cards. Okay.


But then there is some that are jointly together And then, you know, this is your first marriage? It is, yeah. Okay. So and were you both working or were you a primary breadwinner? Like tell me more about how, how that happened. No, I mean at this point in time we're both working. Okay. So we total, total together, we make probably close to three 50. Okay. And that's probably the most frustrating part 'cause it's like, you know, you hear that number. Yeah. You think you'd be doing better? We should be doing better than what we are. Absolutely. I mean, I, I'm not, again, I'm not an attorney here, but just based off of what you're saying and what I hear, likely it's just probably gonna get split down the middle in many, in, in most ways that you've been together a long time.


Sounds like you were both working, you were both contributing to the income, you were both contributing to the debt. So I would anticipate And I would fight for that sort of a split unless you know of a reason for it to be skewed in one direction or the other. Our biggest problem is, you know, just, she told me that was about a week and a half ago. It's, you know, we own our hou we're in our house right now that we have a mortgage on, but just we want to keep the kids in the same school and rent mortgages, any house at this point in this area, the, we're gonna be paying almost twice the amount that We're paying right now. So you're saying for the person who moves out, that's gonna be their burden?


Exactly. And it's gonna be, I I think I Don't think either of you're gonna be able to keep this house though. Yeah. That's George's right. Because they're gonna have to refinance or one of you's gonna have to buy each other out And you don't have the money, The cash out refi unless you have the money. And it sounds like you guys don't have any money. No, I mean our account's pretty much more times than not withdrawn, like, you know, I just did our monthly budget and we're at like 20,000 in 20,000 out a month. Is there any assets anywhere? Do you have any savings non-retirement? Anywhere? Not non-retirement, no. Okay. What is in your retirement? I'm just curious. Probably about 40. Okay. Okay. What's left on the mortgage?


Did I miss that? Four 60. And what's the house worth? About 800. Okay. Probably. So that's, that's the other problem too is that I, I think this probably contributed as a part of the divorce, but we are in the middle of a huge home renovation. Not anymore. You're not? We can't, well we can't even sell the house as it is. I mean, we have no kitchen right now. It's empty. So you've spent 30, let's see, you spent 35,000 plus you've spent almost 200,000 and you're still not done with this rental. I I I am speechless as probably as much as you are because I don't understand how we've spent so much damn money and this gone.


Yeah. Is there any hope for this marriage? Is there a chance that this can be resurrected? You guys go through some intensive marriage counseling and, and try to make this work? We, I suggested it. We tried and she was pretty much like, this isn't working. So, And it was all of a sudden out of the blue or was this a long time coming because based on the debt numbers, I'm like, yeah, I could see how this could not be a fun time. Well, I mean that's, that's Just the money problems alone. The More frustrating part on top of all of this is four years ago we went through the RAMSEY baby steps. We were debt free. Oh Boy. You accumulated this million dollars of debt in four years, Moved into this 1800 year old house.


Yep. So can I, can I, I'm I'm gonna step into a territory here. I don't, I don't know that I should, but it's just what I sense it, it almost sounds like there was already a lot going on in the marriage and this was kind of a way to start covering it up. Like, let's, let's do a project. Let's move into this house, let's do this, let's do that. And we find a stay busy. Yeah. We find a lot of times that when, when hard things are happening, people spend money to cover it up and to cope and it kind of feels like that's what was going on here because this didn't crop up out of the blue. You know, this sounds like it was a long way coming. Yeah, There's definitely been some things happening, but it was never to the point where I thought that we would be going down this road.


I'm sorry this is happening. So on the income side, that's okay. Of the three 50, who makes what? I make about 200 And Okay. That I, on the nurse side, you know, there's always a lot of overtime available and that's, I mean, at this point in time, I'm, I'm, I'm making that amount because I'm working 60, 70 hours a week. Yeah. So, so let's, let's kind of pretend, let's go through and kind of total this up and go haves these on it. You said your student loans are the 18 or the 70 18. Okay. So let's just pretend for a moment that this does get split in half. And let's pretend for, I mean, let's imagine worst case scenario, George, let's pretend she gets the house and she's allotted a certain amount of time before she has to buy you out.


'cause a lot of times they'll do that and let's pretend she's given several years before she has to buy you out. All Right, so that kind of means, hey I, you're out here on the street, you've gotta get, you're the one who's gonna be renting and you're also on the hook for half of this, this debt here. Let's talk about what that looks like for you. Is that fair? Yeah, that's fine. Okay. So you've got a great job. You've got overtime at your disposal. So if you're to move out, what we would tell you to do is try to find a place that's no more than 25% of your take home. That's thing number one. So that you've actually got your margin to work through whatever debt snowball you're gonna have to work through.


'cause chances are you're gonna be on the half on the hook for half of this, right? Yeah, I would think so. Okay. So you're looking at, I don't know, easily $225,000 you're gonna have to pay off. And that means that you're gonna have to live on less than you make, which is what we tell everybody. It means you're gonna have to increase your income as much as You Can. Great way that You Can do that. And you're just listing to these debts smallest to largest to pay 'em off when that time comes. I'm sorry, Hang on the line. We're gonna send you a link to our divorce checklist on how to prepare for divorce. So sorry you're going through this Mike.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance, there's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of COBRA has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. The CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them when they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, CHM might be perfect for you. CH M programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


Our question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi, if you've got defaulted private student loans and no one else will work with you. Try Why Refi? They'll help you explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate and a payment plan based on your ability to pay. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY to learn more. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Yeah, Today's question comes from Rachel in Alaska. She says, How specific should a budget be? My husband And I have a budget category labeled household that anything we buy for the house raining from, ranging from dish soap to bed frames goes in that category. Should those be separated into different categories such as groceries and house furnishings? So I, George, I have clear opinions on this and I'm not saying it's my way or the highway, it's just the way I think of it. But you know, when I teach budgeting, I say that budget should be three things. Detailed, realistic, and flexible in that first category. Detailed is really what we're talking about here. And I, I'm a person who kind of likes to know exactly where EveryDollar is going And I like to be able to look back and go, how much did we really spend on groceries?


How much did we really spend specifically on going to restaurants? How much did I really spend specifically on furnishings for the house? Right? And so with EveryDollar it does behoove you to separate these categories out if you're interested in that sort of thing. Now, on the flip side of that, if that causes some sort of contention or it makes it more frustrating for you, well if You have, if you have 94 line items in the budget, it might get overwhelming. Yeah, that's right. That's right. Especially for the spouse who's not the nerd. That's what I'm saying. So if it causes problems, like pull back a little bit. But to specifically answer your question about this household category, I'll tell you what I do. I have the whole, the whole heading of it is, I think lifestyle I think is what it says on mine.


And then underneath it I have a groceries, which is at the grocery store. Then I have a date night, which is specific. And then I have restaurants, which is not a date, just restaurants in general. And then underneath that I do have household items. That's what you said, things like dish soap and if I Go to, you know, home goods or Target, something like that. And then George, I have one that just says Amazon, that's diabolical. I, yeah, I did that too because I was frustrated trying to parse things out, out and go what is the, well part of it was for the home. Yeah. Part of it was over here. So I just want, you know what, Amazon, Amazon. And then I can look at that and lament over it later. That's, that's truth. Now my bigger question is, sorry Jade, I, my squirrel brain went, how many bed frames are these people buying?


Or this is a major issue? Six kids maybe. Do I make a line item just for bed frames? Okay, you buy a bed frame once every few decades I feel like. So I would just, no, I wouldn't Create A sinking fund and go, oh, you know, furniture or bed frame. Oh good. Yeah, if it's a one time purchase, just put it in there in that month's budget You Can delete it from the next month's budget. But as far as dish soap and all that, You Can split it up into household essentials maybe. Yeah, for like paper towels and dish soap and all that stuff. You could lump it into groceries if you're buying it all from the same store. If it makes it easier for you. Yeah. But there's a a line, where is a line you have to go, this isn't really fitting in this category, let's split it out. And you'll notice those patterns as you keep budgeting. And I would say specifically if it's a category that you do feel like you guys are having a hard time sticking to.


So for instance, yeah, food is one that people struggle with. It's the number one budget buster. Or maybe it's something like, I don't know, like kids or entertainment, something that's kind of an overarching target for a season. It could be a good idea to break it out so You Can understand exactly where the problem is. If you break out right now, if you just have 'em on your budget food and that covers anything you eat and you're like, man, why is this thing like messing with our budget? If you break it out, you'll realize, oh, specifically it's DoorDash and oh, specifically I notice when I look at the transactions every Wednesday we stop because that's the the day that the kids have TaeKwonDo. Right? And then you start to see what your habits are. So not saying you have to do that forever, but it could be a way to identify where the trouble zones are.


Yeah.


And EveryDollar does let you parse things out. So if you add a hundred dollars grocery bill, but half of it was for household essentials, half was food, You Can actually split that up in EveryDollar. And so if you guys wanna Learn more about that, we have free budgeting trainings ongoing this month at our team hosts. You'll learn step by step how to make and stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Plus You Can get your biggest budgeting questions answered in a live q and a. So spots are limited. Go sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Well Done George. Thank you. Thank you.


Shannon is in Durham, North Carolina up next. How can we help Shannon? Hey, I hope you're both well I'm calling because I want to know if we are the exception to the baby steps order. The reason I'm asking is because we do not have a mortgage. We were super blessed to be gifted a home when a grandmother passed away. Wow. So zero mortgage, zero car loans. We're driving beat up cars, we're living as college students. No lifestyle creep, but we have a $65,000 heloc. And I've always just kind of viewed that as, you know, $450. We're only paying interest now, but a $450 home payment, you know, instead of a mortgage.


I'm kind of wondering if I can bump that more like step six because What other debt do You have? A $1,000? Yeah, a $1,000 emergency fund for a very old special home is just killing us. You know, $3,000. Well last year, water heater, braces, brakes. I feel like all these things are things that we should be paying for and it just, it, it was painful. What's your household income? 90. Okay, well I'll give you this. You Can put it in baby step six but not for the reason you're wanting to. Generally what we would say is if the HELOC is over half your annual income, it can be tackled during baby step six.


If it's less than half your income, put it in baby step two where it fits in the debt snowball. So that's the simplest answer. But what was the HELOC for It? When we first moved into the home, we, we were actually on a renovation show and Wow, did they pay for the renovations? We Got a loan for that. We matched, we had to match it. So we actually took out 50 to match and then we were surprised by our taxes the next year because it was considered a gift. So then we had to add on more to the HELOC to cover the taxes. So it, now the total is 65. When are you gonna be done? When are you like, hey, I don't wanna take on another penny in debt.


So we'd like to spend the next two years saving up six months of emergency fund just because our home is older and that'll take about two years. And then I'm starting to think this home wasn't as much of a blessing as you let out on to be. It's, it's how many 40 year olds have no mortgage? It, it was wonderful. It's just 125 years old. It's really special. We definitely wanted You, it's a full-time job to keep up with this house and renovate it. Yeah. But I feel like if we had a new home And if you didn't have a mortgage, why'd you go into all this debt? Why weren't you guys able to cash flow all of these things That was 10 years ago and just we're making different priority decisions.


Well it sounds like you're prioritizing the emergency fund over your debt payoff right now. Right. How much debt do you have left outside of the heloc? None. Oh good. Yeah, None. Okay, so the braces, the breaks, you cash flowed all of that. Yeah, we had to borrow last year from a family member, which also didn't feel good, but it was a lower interest rate. Of course. Why are you borrowing credit card? I have a big question. I mean, maybe You, I'm too dumb to answer this. I don't know. I'm looking at you. You, I'm like, this lady's gotta paid off. You know, she's been gifted a house, they don't have any other debt. Why are you taking on debt? You have such a beautiful situation and here you are taken out HELOCs and borrowing from family members when you don't need to with a fine income.


Just Because the thou Yeah, the thousand dollars that we had in our emergency fund didn't cover Those. Right, right, right. Bigger items last year. Yes. But let, let me put this bug in your ear 'cause I think this will help you going forward. So a, you're right, a thousand dollars isn't enough to cover anything under the sun. It's not supposed to be, but it is supposed to cause you to think critically about really what is an emergency and get a little bit more creative about how you solve that. And a lot of times that create creativity in your case especially is kind of dip dipping into your cash flow in order to making it, to make it happen. Because like I said, your income is fine and a lot of these things they did not come out of the blue. Like something like braces, you kind of know like you're looking at, you know, junior's teeth and thinking, okay, this, this can't be good.


Right? So you kind of know and there is, there's a timeframe on things that sometimes they make pe they make you feel like something's more urgent than it is. So I just want you to think about that before you borrow money again. Is this something that's completely necessary? Is it really something that I have to do right now? Like is it urgent and is it truly unexpected? Or did I know this was coming and I've just kind of been in denial thinking, oh I'll just use debt when the time comes. So really filter it through that. I think it'll cause you to make better decisions going forward. I get this HELOC outta your life and don't put a penny more on it and no more excuses. You make 90 grand, your quote unquote mortgage is four 50. You Can cash flow everything in your life. You got this. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is AI And I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster. Like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities then You Can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions. They rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now You Can download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips because they taste so good. That's why I love my Field of Greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water and here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass but it tastes great. And only Field of Greens makes this promise your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Blake Is up next in Lincoln, Nebraska. What's going on Blake? Hey, thank you for taking my call. So I'm 24, 24 years old. I'm a dental student here in Lincoln. So when I was eight days old I had a heart transplant. Wow. And I'm married, I'm gonna graduate in two years. But my question is to account for not being able to get life insurance just 'cause I've tried multiple different times and because of that heart transplant, I can't get life insurance. So what percentage of my income would you guys like recommend me setting aside just to be more prudent about the future and saving money for my family just in case something happens. How old are you today? I'm 24.


24. And are you healthy today? Yeah, I was diagnosed with a, just basically a little bit of heart disease last year, but it's not like a death sentence, but it will probably limit my life. So on the other hand I just, I just want to be prepared for the future just in case that does limit my life. But, but so far I'm pretty healthy. Are you married? Yep. And kids? Nope, not yet. Okay. What's your income? So I'm a dental student So I don't make any money. My wife is a, a Spanish teacher here in Lincoln. She makes around $36,000 a year after tax. Okay.


Okay. So I'm thinking about what you're thinking about. Do you have any debt or are you guys are, do you have a clean slate? Tell me more about that. We have no debt. I'm gonna graduate dental school debt free. Wow. I, I have folks that are paying for my dental, dental school. So I'm, I'm very grateful and fortunate to be in that situation at least. So I actually think that is one of the best things you could have done to set your family up for success is to avoid debt. Because now, and George, You Can come in and stop me, but now you, you've got your full income at your disposal a very young age. And so in that way I think that you've set yourself up because at, I mean, if once you get three to six months saved, you're, you're investing 15% and you're gonna do that for a while and then depending on what you think your income will be, you know, if You Can, if I were in your shoes, I'd want to project out, okay, how quickly could I get to 10 to 12 times my income if I start investing?


Like how long would that take by me doing 15%? And then I'd wanna know how that jives with what my health is. And then if I feel like, okay, now I need something in addition to that, then yeah I might be searching out other options, but they're gonna be expensive And I almost would rather put that money into additional investing than in one of these policies that's like a no exam policy or Guaranteed issue life policy, which will only give you probably 25 or 50 K max. Yeah. I'd rather put that in my own investment than yeah. Do some sort of simplified life or some sort of mortgage life insurance. It's, I just don't see how it's gonna return for you. Yeah, I was just wondering too if I should be like more aggressive with like my savings And I didn't know what type of an account to like invest in.


Well You will if that makes sense. You Yeah. And you will be naturally because, And I, I didn't do a good job explaining this, so because you're not in debt, you're, you are in many ways you've excelled through the baby steps faster, right? So you're gonna be doing baby step four, at some point you guys are gonna buy a house, but because you don't have a any debt you'll be through that house lickety split. So that's thing one. And then once you get to baby step seven, You Can invest whatever amount you want above the 15%. And so you're gonna be doing that in your thirties when so many of us are doing that in our fifties because you're so ahead of the game. Does that make sense? Yeah, thank you. So you've got, you've got time to build this George. That that'd be my take on it.


What do you think? Yeah, I mean the, the goal is for you to become self-insured and so that's just more important for you now because you can't even get life insurance. So the faster you get through the baby steps, the better. The faster you get a paid for home, the better. The faster you build up that nest egg, the better so that if something were to happen to you, your future wife would be okay. Your kids would be okay. And So I would not be investing more than the 15%. I would keep following the baby steps, but I would have a little more intensity through them than the average person because of your situation to get to baby step seven faster. That's right. So that You Can then stack up max out retirement, use a taxable brokerage account and stack up even more money in there.


And that kind of becomes your own life insurance plan in a sense. And so, yeah, so for even more clarity, I'll say this, you know, when we talk about baby step six paying off the house, a lot of times that's taken people, you know, 10, 12 years, that sort of thing in your case. Yeah. I would treat it like a baby step two And I would kind of just, you know, clip my way through it and that way to George's point, you'll be set up to, to invest way more way faster. Sure. Thank you. Yeah, I'm, I'm hoping the best for you man. I hope this is something you'll never actually need to use as you build it and wishing you the best for your health and your future. But I love that you're thinking about this stuff of how to make sure that your family's protected.


A lot of people don't think about it until it's too late.


And so if y'all, if you're healthy and You Can get life insurance, especially if you're young, get it today. Our friends at Xandr can help you out. That's the company I have my term life policy through. And here's what you aim for 10 to 12 times your annual income. And if you have a spouse 10 to 12 times their annual income and if they're a stay at home spouse, they definitely need a policy. Yeah. Like four to six times. Like really make Sure you're there. So you aim for at least a half million dollar policy and it's very affordable. Especially if you're young. And even if you're older, it's still gonna be a be a great buy comparatively to whole life insurance, which is a total ripoff. So stick to a level term policy, 10 to 12 times your annual income. 15 to 20 year term is the right choice for most people. So head to xandr.com and get that taken care of. It doesn't take long to apply and knock it out. And what you said is really good to, to reinforce the point is to get to the point of self-insured. 'cause a lot of people, they get weirded out by the fact that a term policy has Like what happens after 20 years Jade Term. Yeah. Then what? You're wealthy And I, You Can, I wasted all that money on a policy. You don't say that when you pay your homeowner's insurance and your house doesn't burn down, you're, you're, thank God you're thankful that nothing that you didn't have to use it. So the point is not that you want to use it, the point is that it's there to protect you in case something happens. And so you're transferring the risk to the insurance company because you can't handle that. Right. Okay. Here's a big question. So I know how I feel about this. So we've said the point is to self-insure at some point you could let that policy go. I don't think I'll ever let mine go. I think I just would like having keep renewing on. Yeah. I think no matter what the Cost, I mean it's a lot of money. I think I just like it on there. Like as a jury it's JWI. Jade wants it. Jade wants it. What about you? What does Whitney say? I, my well I'll be self-insured then. So that's my personal goal is that the nest egg is enough. Well of course you will be Whitney I think will be, she'll be fine because she If if she let it Go, shell be happy When won't when it's gone because she feels like maybe there's less of a chance of me dying if I don't have term life. I don't know. So it's like a ju thing. She doesn't like to think about it whatsoever. That's funny. So, but I don't want too much. You know what I mean? Yeah, that's true. Because then you're sleeping with one eye open. You're like, dang, he's worth more dead than alive. Dang. Like I don't like that. I don't like that feeling. So That's interesting. But it's one of the things that comes outta my bank account. I pay it yearly to get the discount. 'cause it's me obviously. Yeah, I Know. I Know you. And when it comes out I don't go, oh man, the payment came out. I go, thank God, thank goodness. Yes. I'm covered for another year. My family's gonna be okay. It's just another way you tell your family you love them. Yes. And the nerdiest way possible. That's Right. And you do it today and it's not expensive. Especially if you're healthy. That's why George said the younger you are, get it. And yes, you will be your future self will. Thank you. And it really, I mean it's a few hundred bucks a year. Yeah. Comparatively to whole life, which we've taken these calls and they go, well Jade, I've been paying $600 a month into this whole life policy. My cousin sold me and it's got a cash value portion that builds and I'm going never mix your insurance with investing. Never, Ever, ever. If they're trying to sell you on how the, it can do both. It does both poorly is what happens. That's right. That's right. That's right. So term life for insurance, invest on your own through your retirement accounts and you'll be far, far better off. And Xander's the folks we trust to Handle that. And it's, it's not hard to get it like we were on it, so let's just keep talking about it. They Have the no medical exam policies now have, I believe they have believe under a million for a lot of policies or million or under Yep. No medical exam needed. And if you do do a medical exam, it's easy. They come to your house, they take a take your blood. I lay on my couch, I'm comfortable. I think I did mine at work. It was great. Oh wow. Yeah. They'll come to the office. That's nice. But let's, I I wanna dive right here, here for a minute. You're on the clock. You're like, I get my insurance on the clock I money. And I figured You can't get mad, mad at that. I'm like, sorry Dave getting my term life policy. What can you do? But here's another, you know I say all the time, you know, we walk the baby steps and a lot of people sacrifice. And I say all the time, like being on the baby steps is not an excuse to eat crap. Right. And here's where it plays out because when it's time to do that medical or it's time to get that insurance, you wanna make sure that you haven't been, you know, stopping through the drive through and doing the ramen noodles. 'cause you wanna, you want to get the cheapest policy possible. You want to be as healthy as possible. So all this stuff is intertwined. It all links together. I think I flex my abs a little bit when they were taking blood just to see if that helped it. You know, I take deep help my blood work, deep breath when they take, you know, your blood pressure. I'm like, I am calm, I'm cool, I'm Collecting. I needed that a plus. I know. All Right. That a plus rate, I need to save a couple of dollars here. I'm willing to get in shape if it means a discount. You know what I mean? Hundred percent.


Okay guys, I got big news. Aldi is now the official grocery sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Yeah. RAMSEY is teaming up with Aldi, the grocery store that cares as much about saving money as I do get this Aldi branded products save you up to 63% over similar name brand products at other stores. It's great quality and big savings on everything you need with no gimmicks, no membership fees or coupons required. See for yourself how Aldi is saving Americans across the country. $8.3 billion a year. So stop paying more and start shopping at Aldi where they have the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi US


From Ramsey Network. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm George Campbell, joined by bestselling author Jade Warshaw. This hour the number to call is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Call us up and we'll do our best to help you out with your life and your money. Amy's gonna kick us off in Fort Worth, Texas. Amy, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's going on in your world? So my husband And I have been stuck in saving up a thousand dollars emergency fund for like three years. Like we save up the fund, it's a Thousand days, then we Have an emergency and have to start over.


That's a dollar a day. If you could have just kept that away, How much do you make? So we make, between the two of us right now, we make about a hundred thousand dollars a year. But we also have an average of eight, eight trips to the emergency room a year. Oh boy. Okay. That makes more sense. Is it you or the kids? Is this chronic health issues? So I have chronic health issues. My husband has chronic health issues. We have our oldest son has a diagnosed disability and our youngest son has developmental delays. Got it. So y'all should just like live at the hospital at this point? Just rent a room. Yes. Yeah. Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry.


And A parking spot. So you're, you're Hitting, you should get a, a sign by just for you guys. I think that's nice of the reserved spot for Amy. So you're hitting your out-of-pocket max every year. Is that for the last three years? Is that basically what's happening? Yes. So this year for my, for my baby, we hit the out-of-pocket on January 15th. How much is that? 1300. Okay. And what's the family out-of-pocket max for the entire family? 37. Okay. So that's the magic number right there. So the way I would look at this is I've gotta have that, you know, when you have chronic illness like this, you you have to be prepared for it.


And if you have access to a high yield savings account, that's a great place to keep that money. If you don't, okay. I'm just keeping it in a high yield savings account for when I need it. This is not your emergency fund? This is Health expenses. Health expenses in the budget. Okay. Because the emergency room for you guys is no longer an emergency. It's just a budget line item that's gonna happen a few times this month. So the best You Can do to get ahead of it, prepare for it, create a sinking fund where you just go, All Right, we're gonna put 500 bucks a month away in this account so that we just constantly have at least 500 bucks a month to spend on this stuff. And do you guys have good health insurance? Is it through one of your employers? I do.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And my company pays 80% of the premiums for us. Sweet. That's amazing. So there, that tells me there's more going on here because you're hitting the out-of-pocket max. It's not, not just the medical stuff that stopped you guys. What else has been going on in your life? Has there been, let's see, we spending, are we coping stress Car accidents? We've had palm emergencies. We had a slab leak in our house that displaced us for six weeks last year. And they had insurance. The way the policy was written is they recover, they covered all of the like refurbishing repairs from the water damage, but they wouldn't actually cover the like plumbing repair.


Let's see what else? What'd that cost you? That was five grand that we ended up having to borrow because we, our emergency fund was only a thousand dollars. So we paid a thousand dollars and you know, But you guys are making for the rest, are you guys making six, seven grand a month? What's the take home pay here? About 7,500. Okay. Are you investing? No. No. Okay, good. So go ahead George. Im just wondering, I just feel like there's some other money leaks happening here. 'cause 7,500 a month take home is a great income. So where else is that disappearing to other than emergencies? Do you guys have a big mortgage? So we are there a lot of debt payments. So we have our mortgage is, our mortgage currently is one third of our income.


It didn't start out that way, but then we had some property tax snafus that we didn't understand. We also have a piece of the problem also two car payments. Say that one more time. I said yeah, that is a piece of the problem. Yep. We also have two car payments. We're paying off some student loans and we got sucked into the solar. Oh no. Oh Scam. But I kind of wanna say scam. So that's where, yeah. How much do those three, the, the cars, the student loans and the solar cost you every month in payments. 2,900. There you go mama. Okay. Yep. I see. I see it, I see the clear picture here.


Plus the, is it a $2,500 mortgage? $2,800 mortgage. There We go. Plus feeding people and keeping the lights on plus the emergencies. It just disappears every month. And I Have, yeah. And I have one in diapers and one in that's working on being potty trained, but because of the disability that's taking forever. And then, you know, we're, we've got formula cost and yeah. Okay. So are you staying at home with them? Are you stay at home? So I work from home. You work from home and Whew girl. Yes. I work from home and take care of our, well, So I take care of our 1-year-old. Our 3-year-old is in a DA therapy, which my insurance covers good most of, but we are still paying about $75 a day for it.


Okay. Okay. And what does your husband do for a living? What's his work? So he has an HVAC estimator. Can he do overtime? No, he is a sari exempt. Okay. Like overtime does nothing. So here I'm, I'm gonna tell you this and I'm gonna say it with a sigh because it's gonna make you tired. The only way, the only way to get out of this cycle is to do something that is going to infuse your monthly income in a, in a major way. Do you see what I'm saying? Okay. You need, you need that jolt of B12 into your income so that You Can kind of leap over a few of these hurdles quickly so that when they pop up, it's not this thing that's taking you one step forward, two steps back.


So the thing that I think is your husband, because you're at home with the babies, even though, and you're working at home, if You Can pick up extra hours, more power to you. But if he can, if he can say, Hey, for a while on the weekends I'm, I'm going hard in the paint. And you guys get together and say, what is that goal? What do we need extra? Is it, is it $1,500 a month? Is it a thousand dollars a month? And you guys just lock, lock eyes and lock arms and say for 12 months we are kicking it into high gear and we are going to be ships passing in the night, but we've got to get, we gotta get this 3,700 in the bank and we've got to make sure that we still have margin left to pay down some of these debts.


Tell us about the cars 'cause there might be something there that we can help you get that infusion. Oh well the cars are kind of a messy situation right now because, So we had two car payments and then my husband got into a car accident and his car got totaled, but there were multiple cars involved and multiple insurance companies involved. And so they're working on basically trying to figure out who can, how they can get away without paying for anything. So we are actually effectively right now paying for three cars. Well did you, your insurance didn't cover it? It, it was his fault So it was not his fault. So we were hoping that maybe the other insurance companies would, you know, take responsibility, but they have not.


So we just started the process of getting our insurance to cover the cost of it. What are the cars worth that you do have? Oh, the ones we have our worst 20, somewhere between 20 and 22 grand. Okay. And what do you owe on them That? 'cause we just got them because we had to replace the one that got totaled. So You didn't have to get a $22,000 car. Yeah. And you're gonna have some insurance money coming back from this and you need to use that to go towards the debt since you've already replaced a $20,000 car and if I were you, I try to get out of it and get something cheaper while you still can. Woo.


Hang on the line. I feel for you Amy. We're gonna send you EveryDollar premium to help you guys budget every single dollar coming in. And hopefully we can get you through this plan. There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it for forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You Can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps Millionaire get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter, no purchases necessary and You Can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


If you're enjoying the show or if you ever have, please subscribe, leave a review, share it with a friend. You guys are the best marketing tool we have and we appreciate all of you spreading the word, telling your family, your friends, saying Hey, if you want to get better with your money, you want a better life, check out this show. It means the world. Thank you guys for doing that. Ashley is up next in Atlanta, Georgia. How can we help Ashley? Hey, me and my husband are arguing a little bit. We are looking at purchasing a second home slash investment property at the beach and we have a paid off. Our primary residence is paid off. We don't have intentions of moving.


We have another investment property locally that is renting and cash flowing. We both have good jobs, make good money and my husband's viewpoint is we need a hundred percent of the proceeds to buy the second home. And my view is we could just put 20% down. So we wanted a third opinion to weigh in on our discussion. Wow. Usually the person calling in is right, but this might be a rare moment where I'm agreeing with husband. A hundred percent. Yeah. 'cause you're, well you're saying, Hey I wanna go into debt for a toy. Essentially this beach house is for you guys as a vacation property.


Yeah, that would be rented as well. Okay. But either way until It's paid off. The investment property you have that has a mortgage on it as well? No, no, no. We're a hundred percent debt free. So Both properties are debt free? We No debt, correct? Yeah, we have no Debt at all. What's the beach house gonna cost? Probably about a million. Okay. And how much do you guys have saved right now that you could use toward this? We have, We have about a hundred. And what's your household income? Our household income is about three 50 to 3 75. Amazing. And how much of that could you save each year if you were like, Hey we're, we're gonna do this cash, here's how much we can set aside.


Right now we're saving eight to seven or 8,000 a month. Okay. So let's say a hundred grand a year And we're maxing out our retirement account. So that is after, that's just cash good after taxes after everything. So at this rate it would take you nine years of just straight saving to get there. Now if you invested the money, let's say, hey, in five years we're gonna do this. We're gonna invest the money into the market, let it grow for us. You could probably do it in six or seven. Okay. And how old are you two? I'm 30. He's 32. Oh, you guys are doing amazing. Wow. Congrats. I thought you were like, well we're near retirement, you worked your butts off and what I don't want you to do is, is take out an 800, $900,000 mortgage for a toy.


That may be cash flows, maybe is a headache, maybe you get to use it. I don't know. But it's still a toy at the end of the day. It's a luxury entertainment piece. And if you called in Dave RAMSEY was sitting in the seat, he'd be maybe less kind, I don't know. But he would say, you gotta pay cash for it. What do you care more about having the rental or the beach house? Like long, long term You tell me, I'm just trying to decide, I'm trying decide if you really wanted this beach house, maybe it's worth you getting out the rental in order to get it faster and then spending the time spending that seven years to save up for another rental. You know what I'm saying? Maybe you flip flop 'em in order of priorities.


Yeah, That's, yeah, that's a decent thought. I just, I like having the one because it does, it cash flows very well. Yeah. But you guys also, did you include that in your income? No, That's what I'm saying. You have a great income. It's not like your lifestyle is dependent on it, but if you're saying, Hey man, I, I really see us using the beach house and living there and enjoying it, whereas the rental, somebody else is living it and and enjoying it. Maybe it is a situation where you get out of one in order to get the other, I don't know. We should. So, yeah. Yeah. It's just a thought. I'm not saying that that's the right move, it's just something to think about. Yeah, no, that would, the, the other rental is probably two 50 would sell for about two 50 pretty easily.


Okay. What's your net worth as a couple? About 1.3. Okay. Yeah. This beach house is a great dream, but it's a lot of your world to buy a million dollar beach house. That's about your entire net worth. Yeah. It it is, it is. So I think we've done a great job. I think we're getting a little bit ahead of ourselves And I think you're gonna get there faster than you think if you guys decide to take debt off the table and cashflow this whole thing. And also You Can still have a sweet beach rental that you just rent for a week or two whenever you want to go. You could, you guys have the disposable income to do that. Why not do that? To scratch the itch until You Can do it the right way?


Listen, I, you know, I'm, I'm really thinking about this now, Ashley. I think if I woke up tomorrow And I were in your shoes And I was talking to Sam and we were pulling up Zillow and looking at beach houses, I'd be like, okay, if we sold our rental and let's say we pocketed 200,000 from that rental, we throw that in a brokerage, how quickly is that gonna multiply? Yeah. In order for us to do the million dollar beach house that will get benefit from, you know, in a, in a lot faster of a timeframe than you guys starting from scratch throwing money into a brokerage. That's that. I think I'd veer veer more towards that. And then once we're, we've got the debt free house, then we buy the beach house debt free. Now if we want another rental that is just for somebody else to live in, we can save up and pay cash.


That's like the 10 year horizon thing that You Can, you know, be a little bit more patient on. But yeah. George, how quickly could She do it? I just crunched the numbers. Actually. Here's the proof. So you said how old you're 30? 30? Yes. Okay. So at 35, if you, let's say you take your a hundred, you do what Jade said, you sell the rental, take the 200 proceeds from that, add it together in an investment account that's 300 you tracking, then you add eight grand a month to that at a 10% rate of return on average over those four years, you would have 1.1 million five years from now in that one account. In, In five years. Five years. Okay. Well that's, So this is not like a, well when I'm 60 we'll have this dream. I'm saying You Can do this faster.


You guys have an incredible income. Yeah. You don't need the rental income. Y whatever you guys are doing full time, that's what's working for you. The rental is just gravy on top. And So I like that idea. If you're real gungho about this and you wanna speed it up, You Can sell the rental. And even if you didn't, it's probably only a few years beyond that to get, you know, one or two years to do it without selling the rental. Or should we, so my husband also threw out the idea of buying another rental in town that cash flows, but I don't think you're gonna pull enough profit to do it faster than what George just, And you would need to pay cash for that, which would take up a lot of your capital.


Right. So I, I think to simplify, I don't know that you're trying to be real estate moguls. I might just go or I'm gonna park this in an s and p 500 index fund Yeah. And let it ride for five years and just keep adding to it. That's personally what I would do if this was our goal is to have a, a beach paid for beach house. Can I ask where it is Near 38? Oh, I was hoping you were gonna say that Beautiful area. Great. Can I ask what part Is it like Santa Rosa Laguna Beach? It's, it's on the end of Panama City right before you get to Santa Rosa. Nice. I love the dream little boy. And guess what, you guys could spend two weeks there and drop five grand and have a great time.


Yeah. So actually my husband's said that before. It's like, great minds think alike. I love your husband by the way. I think he's, he's thinking through this and you guys are thinking through this the right way. I can tell your excitement has gotten ahead of the reality of your, your finances. But the good news is this is not a pipe dream. This is not a 20 years from now. Maybe this is, it's going to happen with some intentionality if you guys just buckle down and make a plan. And it sounds like you've already done that. Okay. Sorry we didn't give you the answer you want. Were you hoping Ashley, we were just gonna be like, go ahead put 20% down. Your husband's being a fuddy duddy. Yeah, kinda. But yeah, he, he is the day RAMSEY lover.


And so he Told you, he told you to Call in no way. He's like, no, you call them, let them be the bad guy instead of me. Is that what happened? No, he said I wouldn't do it. And I was like, I think, I think we can do it. Let's, let's get it, let's get Dave's opinion. There's a lot of things You Can do. There's not much you should do. And so You Can go in, you guys will be okay at the end of the day, this is not gonna tank your financial world if you did it, but it's gonna give you a lot more peace, less regret to do it slower in cash and you're not worried about trying to cover the spread. And what if you don't wanna renter? What if you realize, you know what, I don't want people messing with my stuff. Yeah, I could not do that Personally. I'm too OCD.


Me too. I have people going through my stuff, sitting on my couch, sleeping on my bed, their Feet in my shower. Exactly. Not happening. It ain't happening. George. I Don't wanna have to be vetting people's feet before they stay in my place. You Find somebody else's hair on your, your on your, you know, burn it down Counter, burn it Down. Not happening.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend DeleteMe. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find So much. But delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so You Can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get This so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston And I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spa calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So You Can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar Budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. It's that time of the show where we get to celebrate someone's debt-free journey. And this special someone today is Jenna, how's it going? Good, How are you? Good. Where are you from? I'm from Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Awesome. Thanks for coming all the way to do your debt free scream. How much did you pay off? I paid off 30,000 in seven months. Yay. Let's go. And what was the range of income during that time? It Was 48,000 to 58,000. Awesome. Way to go. Jenna, What do you do for a Living? I work on a dairy as a herdsman. There That is rock and roll. A herdsman. Is that the official title? Yep. So I take care of cows and making sure they're healthy and everything. Wow. Do you ride horses? I have, but I don't have any. Good, Good. Wow.


That's how we like it. It's not herds woman. That's not a is. Oh yeah. A herds a I heard, I heard That. I heard. I just wanted to make sure I didn't know. I'm not privy to the lingo in that world. That's a boss job. That's cool. I love it. Okay, what was the 30 K in debt? It was my house. Hey what? This is crazy. Okay, can I ask how old you are? 'cause you seem very young to have accomplished all of this. I am 21. So wait A second. Wait a minute, Jenna. You can't just speed past that. Like you didn't just say what you just said. You're just old enough to drink and you already paid off your house. Yep. My goal was to pay it off before I turned 21 and then I did that. So Congratulations. What's the house worth?


I bought it for 110,000. So then I had over a hundred in the bank myself. So then I had a 30 K mortgage. Holy smokes. And then, yeah, 20,000. Have you been working since you were like seven? How did you accomplish all of this? I've worked a lot in high school. I've worked a lot of jobs that, you know, don't necessarily wanna work, but She's a herds Woman. You're not scared to work. Yeah. If you're out there in Sioux Falls. Wow. Milking cows. I don't know what else they do to cows. Branding them. Do you do that too? No. Okay, that's good. That part would scare me. Oh my goodness. So tell us a story. Seven months ago you had a $30,000 mortgage, which tells me you put down a whole lot on this home when you bought it. Yep. You had 80 K in the bank and you went, All Right, I'm gonna buy this house a very reasonable house.


Yep. So I live in a really small town that's rules. So then like only 600 people in the town. So then that's how the price was low 'cause it's an older home, but in good condition. And then yeah, get into the housing market when You Can and that's what I did. Wow. On your own you did all this. Yep. That's incredible. Okay, so seven months ago, what clicked, what got you on this sort of RAMSEY plan of like, I'm gonna get rid of this mortgage? Well, I grew up on a dairy farm and then when I was 15 my parents went bankrupt. So we lost everything. We lost our farm, the land, everything. And yeah, ever since then I knew I'm not gonna go through that. Yeah. And I gonna set myself up better than what I had to go through And I won't put myself or my future family through that again.


Did that, did that partially cause you to grow up fast? Oh, for sure. Going through that as a kid For sure. Yep. Wow. Yep. I'm astounded. I I I truly am. You know, you said you're in a small town, but you're 21, you're not making small money. I mean almost $60,000 a year. Yep. I work a lot. I mean, in the ag industry you don't get paid overtime, but that's just how it goes. So you just work a lot. And Who's making all these egg profits then? That's what I wanna know. Not dairy farmers. That makes me feel better, at least when I Go to pay for eggs. You Said egg or egg? Egg. Oh wow. This Is crazy. You, you gotta ask in this world. I Know. I just wanted to make sure. Okay. This is crazy. So who was, who was rooting for you? I'm sure your parents were on the sideline, just baffled at what you've accomplished.


Yep. So I had a lot of my family and my friends were super supportive. I think some people thought I was really weird, but no, I don't, I've had the same car since I was 15, So I don't really upgrade much and I'm pretty a cheap stake, so. Wow. Well I mean, most people's cars are worth more than your mortgage was. Oh, for sure. That's impressive For sure. Yeah. And you still paid it off at an astounding rate. I mean, you were putting over four grand a month on average toward this making 48 to 58. How did you do that? Did you sell anything or was this all like, you were living off of $700 a month and throwing the rest at the mortgage? Well, for the first five months I had a renter in there, a flood hit our area like right after I bought it. So then like a ton of people lost their homes. So then I had a family of immigrants that needed a place to stay, so they lived there for like five months.


So then, yeah, I charged some cheap rent, so they covered my electric and utility costs and So I could throw everything at it. Wow, you are incredible. Thank You. You're Like astounding. I I was Just so nonchalant, shook over here. I would be bragging in the streets. She's like, yeah. And She's like, yeah, I house some immigrants. I made sure I like, this is amazing. I held the door open for someone and I'm still like, I did a good deed today. Wow. You're incredible. Jenna, this is amazing. What was the hardest part of this journey for you? Probably just staying on track and not getting sidetracked by everyone else. Like seeing, you know, other people get new cars, you know, fancy clothes, fancy jobs, but they work only 40 hours a week where I work 50 to 60 hours a week.


Just like that kind of stuff and just staying on the track. But the budget really helped EveryDollar extremely helpful. So You are the real deal. You know, I I I don't have anything to say other than she's the real, I I I feel like you've put a lot of people, you're putting a lot of people to shame in a good way right now. Anybody who had excuses, it's like, look at Jenna, I have no excuses. Yeah. Are you gonna loosen up now? Are you gonna finally upgrade some things, upgrade the car, enjoy life more? Are you still going to keep at it? I'm trying to, it's pretty hard for me to loosen up, but I'm trying. But this next, I Need people in my life to force me to loosen up like Jade and Ken. Yeah, I, I try, I've tried the Chores. They're always trying to get my, I have the same problem so My Wallet a little looser. I'm hanging on tight. I got skinny jeans for that reason.


Harder for money to fall out. So what's the next thing you're gonna do now that you're in baby Step seven with a paid four house at 21? Well, I wanna upgrade the car eventually and then I just wanna do some upgrades to the house. New carpet flooring, just stuff like that. Just little things and that I wanna be able to give generously. So yeah. I Love it. Yeah. And you will You, Can you paint us the picture of this, your dream car that you're thinking of? Oh, I don't really have a dream car. I'm not much of a car person. There we go. I understand That. Do You need like a truck for the farm or like, are you gonna get a, a modest sedan? What are we thinking? Just probably like a small SUV or something. I have a niece and nephew. I like to take her out. So just a little bigger of the car than I do have for their car seats and stuff.


Wow. What a good person. She's car shopping with her niece and nephew in mind. All I can say is the gentleman that comes calling later on trying to be a Mr. Jenna, he better come. Correct. 'cause you are not playing around. That's all I'm Saying. It's Hard out there. You're not a game. Yeah. I mean a town of 600 people. Can you throw yourself a parade in the town? How does this work? Not Really. Does everyone know you in the area? Yeah, Basically everyone knows everyone. Everyone and everyone's business. But so They know you were on this journey? No, I don't like to broadcast that, but Well, You just Did So I know. I just want other people to see that they can do it. And I will personally get in touch with all 599 other people who live in your town and make them watch this video to celebrate.


You are worth celebrating. Thank You. Thank you for joining us. We do have a parting gift for you. Two EveryDollar premium subscription is good for a year. You Can use those, You Can pass 'em on to maybe some of the people who said you were weird. Yeah. Because they're gonna be asking you for advice now. You're now a financial coach for the entire area. The entire county's now gonna be like, what is she doing? Because we gotta step up our game. Are there a lot of, I'm guessing the more rural you get, the less likely they are to go into debt to impress people. It's kind of the opposite. I live in a very ag community where it's very expensive to buy land, very expensive to farm, very expensive to do anything basically. Oh, So they're all in crippling debt probably. Yeah. But not necessarily to impress. It's just like, hey, you want the farm equipment?


Yep. We're gonna have to, you know, go into debt for it. Yep. And we gotta have a nice truck to do it. We're gonna have to go into debt for that. Yep. And you somehow have avoided all of that. I Have. I just hate debt. I hate the stress. I hate the feeling it brings to your life and yeah, you just have one wrong year and everything can be gone. So. Yeah. Well that money trauma growing up shaped you. Oh for sure. To see your parents go through that bankruptcy and now you're using it for good to change your own family tree because you're gonna put yourself in such a place where bankruptcy is never gonna be on the table. That's the plan because you don't owe anyone anything. Yep. That's beautiful. Do you have dreams or aspirations of kinda like owning your own piece of land? I do. And farm one day I do. Yep. I do. Instead of working for someone else, for Sure.


I definitely wanna buy my own place that's a lot bigger and out of the town. But yeah, I think you'll get there one day. By the time you're 23, you'll accomplished that. I'm here. What now? We are so proud of you. Thank you. All Right, let's get to the fun part. We've got Jenna from Sioux Falls, South Dakota, $30,000 paid off. Wow. That's her mortgage. Did it in seven months, making 48 to 58 K adds a as a herdsman or herds woman, Herdz lady. Count it down. Jenna, let's hear that Debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. I'm debt free. Yay. You're That was her, that was pretty good.


That Was pretty good. She's impressive. Do you remember us at 21? We were knuckleheads. I'm still a knucklehead, but I I'm a knucklehead. I just moved on the radio. I'm scared to see her at 41. She listen, I she might own the entire town. She, she's made different. She's built different. That's all I can say. God Bless. What an inspiration. Yeah. Good, good for her. It's possible. You gotta make some sacrifices, you gotta have some skin in the game. But You Can do this stuff. You Can become debt free. Wow. And join us on this stage. We will celebrate you all day long until the cows come home.


When you're tackling debt or building wealth, You Can often forget about one important step to reaching those goals, which is insurance. Having the right coverage, whether not enough, too much can impact how long it takes to get there. And skipping on insurance might seem like I'm saving money, but when life happens, it's easy to fall back into debt without a safety net. So the right insurance acts as a shield around your loved ones, around your wealth. If disastrous strikes. And in some cases it can even save you money if you're paying for too much insurance or for bogus insurance like cell phone insurance or alien abduction insurance. You know, there's all kinds of crazy ones out there. So how do you know if you have the right coverage? We make it easy. You Can take our coverage checkup. It's a free online resource that creates a personalized insurance action plan that's unique to you and your situation. It makes an overly confusing topic, easy to understand and gives you clear Next Steps. So go check it out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup to take the coverage checkup or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast Alien abduction insurance. That's a real one.


You see the one where the, the atheist will to the Christians will say, Hey, we'll take care of your dogs if the rapture happens. If you pay us a fee. Okay. George, that's real. George aliens, yes or no real quick? Not the way we think of them. Are there living organisms? That's plausible. Okay. But I'm out on the alien, like the green, you know? Yeah, I got You. Are they smarter than us? I don't know who's to say, Who's to say What if it's like a raccoon, you know what I mean? Like they're not that intelligent. I'm done. That's all I have to say about that. Alright, Wesley is in Edmonton. Alberto, what's going on Wesley? How can we help today? Hey, How are you guys doing today?


Doing great. So my wife And I are starting to get into a business that I used to do for a bunch of years And I took time off and landscaping. And what I had known to work for me at that time is, was small scale, but she's looking to upscale it and get to a bigger place And I respect that. But we seem to be having some key differences in how we're approaching that. And I just want to get on the same page with my wife on how we can work this together with her professionalism in this. And then my previous experience and what we've done.


What does she wanna do versus what you wanna do? What are the differences? So with what I do, how I was doing it before was a lot of in-person door knocking, very grindy. She wants to take it into obviously 2025, where there's a lot more pre-booking of these services, a lot more online, that sort of thing, which is just in my experience, hasn't worked as well. Well is it because, because that wasn't your level of expertise or is it because you tried working with an expert that could help you with your website and your SEO and it still didn't work? I believe it was more with the former, So I was never skilled at that.


I'm much more people oriented in person and she seems to have a lot more of a grasp in the online things. Could you do a combo of both? That's what I'm, that's what I want to do. I just find that she's, she discredits a lot of what I've done into where we are And I just wanna be able to approach that conversation amicably. I understand. I'll be honest, it sounds like there's a little something else underneath this, not just a business thing. I'm not gonna get too much into that, but I do think that it's probably a combo of both, especially starting out because the truth is it does take money to get some of those other things off the ground. Do you guys have cash to invest in this?


No. Well this is, that's the thing is when I've been doing this is it's not about a major, this is working towards getting an investment into owning our own equipment. We do a bit of rental working it that way as opposed to dropping the thousands of dollars that are needed to have the machines ourselves. So right now are, are you, do, are you going out there making money in the landscape business right now? Or this is just you guys talking about revamping this thing? No, I, I'm out there. Usually I work a full-time job 10 to 12 hours a day. And then when I'm done my day, I go out and pursue the people who I've had leads from doing jobs.


So both of you are working full-time and other jobs? Right now? She is not. Okay. Is she at home with kids or what's she doing? No, No, no kids. We have, we don't have children. She is just, she was working. She is and hasn't for about the, the last I'd say six to eight months. And what did she do before? Was she in marketing? She's in retail. Retail, okay. So, okay, here's what I'm seeing. I I, I'm seeing a couple dynamics here. One is you've done this before And I don't know to what tune, I don't know how successful you were or you were not, but you have some experience here and you're relying heavily on that. She also is probably like, I gotta turn this into something because I'm not working right now.


So her motivation is probably like, we gotta go fast, we gotta do this thing, let's take it to the website, let's take it, do the SEO stuff. And so you're both kind of in your own worlds of what you think needs to happen. I mean, if you called in here, I'm gonna tell you it's probably a combination of both. I wouldn't go into debt to do any of this and it doesn't sound like you are. And from that perspective, I just ask her, I'd say, Hey, what stops us? Tell me in your mind, what stops us from doing both. Are you, because one of 'em requires me door, door knocking and, you know, hitting the pavement and one of 'em doesn't, one of 'em is really an online play that doesn't require my time. So why can't I then still continue to put my extra time into, you know, enriching that by knocking on doors and, and, and talking to people face to face.


What would she say to that? It's not a negative, I'm sure. No, no. I'm sure that would be a probably be a lot better than how I've approached it. I'm gonna do it like this and you can't stop me. Is that what you're doing? Well It's, well it's, I just, I'm, I agree with what she says, but I also say like, this is where my experience lies. So if we can utilize mine and what I'm doing and get to that point where we're using both, it's, that's where my mindset has been. I think there's a great compromise. I think both paths have validity to them, but I think we need to hear each other instead of just trying to get our point across the line. Yeah. And win the argument. And I think both of you are probably guilty of this, right? She's gone. Well, you don't understand.


You don't know how the internet works and you're going, well, I've done this stuff for years and you don't understand. So that's not gonna get us anywhere. I think it's wise for you to go first with humility and say, Hey, I feel like I've really screwed the pooch on this one. Can we just reset? Can we create a vision for what this business is gonna be together where you have as much input as I do? I think she would be like, oh my gosh, who is this guy? No, that sounds like definitely what I've wanted to say. Just not wanting to approach that better. I just, I appreciate the, the knowledge you have. Yeah. Well it sounds like she's also on her own journey to finding some purpose that, I mean, she wants something to sink her teeth into and every time she does, you're kind of swatting her away going, Hey, this is my territory.


I know how to do this. And So I think you, you need to let her, 'cause you also don't have a lot of time. I mean, you, I don't know how you're working 10 to 12 hours and doing this on top of that With a, with a lot of grit. Yeah. And I think she doesn't want to see you burn out either taking it all on your shoulders. Are you, is there a vision to grow this thing? It sounds like she wants to scale it and you're like, well no, I know how to do it right. I don't wanna delegate, I don't wanna hire a team. Is this all on you? No, I Definitely want, I definitely want to scale. I just want to do it properly. I know when I had done it before is when you work with people, you have to really trust who you're working with and then earn through with them. And that's definitely what I would like to do. I know she has a larger vision in mind than what I've had.


When you did it before, what were you earning off of it? I was doing anywhere between, again, just on my own time, between a hundred to 150 a year. Yeah, I think that's great. Amazing. I mean that is a real, you were making a real income on that, So I understand why you're kind of leaning on that. And I think you're right there again, it is a combination of what both of you are saying. And I think, and, and George kind of touched on this, you guys want to accomplish the same thing. You have slightly different ways of, of going about it. And I think the important thing to remember is that you're on the same team and you're trying to do the same things. And, And I mean, I know George, you're married, I'm married, sometimes you forget that and it's more about being right than about going, oh, we both want the same thing.


I'm gonna agree with some of what you're saying and you agree with some of what I'm saying, and we'll be good. And you know exactly how to push each other's buttons and you're tempted to push them all the time. Yeah. So I think we, let's define the vision, let's define the roles. Let's get on a whiteboard for a weekend and pretend like this is a real business and go, how are we gonna dream this thing up? And maybe you go, I'm founder and CEO you are the COO and CMO. So if it's marketing, that's her job. Yeah. You don't get involved. And I think making clear lines of who owns what is gonna really help. And I wanna send you Dave Ramsey's new book, build a Business You Love. I think it's gonna help you guys map that vision out and help you grow this thing to the place you want it to go. So hang on the line, we'll send that all the way across the border.


If we can make it through customs, we'll see. Go call every customer.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You Can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by The way, Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye. Now. You had it All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.