
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America comes to hang out and have a conversation about their life, specifically, their money with their career and work and their relationships. The phone number to jump in today is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alongside the fabulous Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. We're here together for you today. Let's get it going. Kathy's up in Dallas, Texas. Kathy, How can we help today? Hi. I am in, find myself in a lot of debt because my husband has, I, we were, we've been married 27 years, sorry, I'm rambling already.


We've been married 27 years and I've always allowed him to handle the finances. I equipped my job, stayed home with our four children and have just trusted him with the finances. And in the last couple of years, I've, I've just slowly been uncovering a lot of dishonesty and finally ended up filing for divorce after I found out most of it. I'm, I'm still not sure I know everything, but I, I think there is a close to a million dollars in debt right now. Whoa. And I'm afraid that I'm, I'm going to be responsible for half of it if, in worst case scenario, hopefully I won't be on the, on the hook for all of It.


What kind debt, Kathy, what kind of debt is this million? Well, there's about, he hasn't paid income taxes in three years. Woo. How much is that? About 160. Okay. There's about 80,000 in credit card debt with cards I didn't know existed. There's a $550,000 mortgage on his office building that I am, I was a personal guarantor on. Oh, And you didn't know about it? I'm sure I signed it. It's my signature, but I don't, I don't remember doing that. I'm just, I, like I said, I feel like an idiot because I've trusted him. All Right. Well, while, hold on a second While we're on this list, I wanna just cover what, as you of what you've given Jade so far, how much of it are you on the hook for?


Well, I'm assuming all, I mean, our taxes are joint. Sure. The credit card. Some, some say they're from his business, but others say, I just started opening the mail recently and I'm seeing this, the only card I was aware of has, is maxed out at 30,000. Did did you And the rest are other ones. Did you know, is there anything else on the list by the way, before we keep going through? So, so far we're at, we're not at a million yet. Okay. Well, on two, in 2019, my father passed away and left me a significant amount of money and he immediately started asking me for money to help with the his businesses and said he'd pay me back. And I've totaled all that up and it's about 500,000.


Okay. So I'm counting that in the debt that he owe Me. And when he was borrowing that money, do, do you have any idea what it was being spent on? Or it's just kind of that cloud of businesses? Well, he would, he would say taxes or payroll or this bill or that bill. And is there any record of that? Like did you guys, other than No. You just talking about it in the kitchen, Right? The Check. Well, you could probably kiss that 500,000. Goodbye. I, yeah, That's what I feel like. So, so let's take that off the debt list just for the functionality of this. My guess is that Okay. How long has it been since you filed the divorce? Two weeks. Oh, okay. My guess is that, I mean, can, they're probably gonna look at this and split it down the middle based on how long you guys have been married and based on, and that Your name's on these things.


Yeah. Your name is on it now, right? I do. I hate this is happening, but there's a part of this where you do have to, it's like he did these things, but you also have to own your part in it, which is, you know, he has an office building. How do we think it got there? You know, there's all these things cropping up. How do we think that we're paying for him? And you know, here on the show, we're always teaching how money is just, it is a joint thing. That couple, I don't wanna say venture 'cause it makes it sound business, but it is this thing that we both work together. We're both plugged in. We both are dialed in as to what's going on. It can't just be, he handles that I handle this. Everybody's gotta have their brain on and looking at this because really this is what happens when you don't.


Yeah, I'm realizing that. All Right, so let's talk about how to dig you out of this. So if I'm, if I'm paying attention, I'm trying to, we're really talking about, and I think Jade Wright, let's assume that you're gonna have to pay half. Hopefully that doesn't happen. But the, we, we, we haven't even started this fight. So that means you would, you would owe 250,000 if the judge split it down the middle. Is that correct? A approximately, I, I am, I'm anticipating, and my lawyer thinks we'll end up finding more, but yeah. Okay. Are there any Assets for what we know today? So my question is, what about your house? Is your house paid for? Okay, so our house is paid for, we per, we sold a, a house and we cleared, we rolled part of it over into the new house. So it's paid for it. How much Is the current house worth?


If you were to sell it today? I think it's probably worth maybe 2 million. Okay. Okay. So that's good news. Yeah. Any other assets? Well, it was all of his business holdings, but I think they're all gone from what I can tell. But he, the problem is he won't tell me anything. He's not, I, he will not give me any information. Well, it's not your problem anymore because this is gonna get hashed out between the lawyers. So the way you started this call is, how do I get rid of this debt? And best that we can tell what we're operating off of. Right now, Jade is 250,000 we think. Worst case scenario, we can't guess Yeah. What may be out there, but what we know today, how would you get out of it?


And, and that becomes the issue. You haven't worked in how many years? 27. I just got a job last week. Oh good. What are you doing? Yeah, I'm an attorney. No Way. Well, hello. You hit that detail. What kind of an attorney are you? Appellate. So I don't know anything about this financial stuff I'm learning, believe me. Yeah. But what can you, what I, I'll never be in this position again. No, we're not beating up on you. We're actually trying to help you here. So my question is, what are you gonna make this year? I one 30. Great. Okay, Great. Alright. So between the houses and asset jade. Yeah. And you making 130, this is not the end of the world. No. That's the one thing I wanted to hear.


Okay. You'll probably split the debt in some form of fashion. Okay. You'll probably split the assets in some form of fashion. Hopefully it's fair for both parties. And it sounds like there's gonna be enough assets for you to clear your debt and still have a decent amount of money. My guess is something's gonna happen with this house. You're probably gonna sell it and split the profits is usually what I suggest. Especially if there's not kids living at home, that kind of thing. And then, yeah, whatever debt you're on the hook for, you'll take that money and pay off that debt and you'll likely have enough money to go out and probably buy another house outright depending on what you choose. And you'll right off into the sunset. And like you said, you will have learned many, many lessons out of this.


What's the big one? What's the practical takeaway? Let's fast forward, let's be positive, Kathy. Now this is gonna be too soon on some of this, I'm about to say, but I'm leading my, my partner here somewhere. So let's assume we're all clear of all this mess. She meets another fabulous man and she's in a relationship, she's in a married relationship. What does she learn from this practically and tactically? What does she do different next time? Different. The different move is everything is 100. Like we're keeping everything above board. We're talking about it. And anything that you have questions about, you're saying out loud, you have something to bring to the table. He has something to bring to the table. No one gets to just quote, handle it.


You know what I mean? Yeah. No excuse Kathy. To not know anything or very little. So now you know and get your head up. This is not fun. Yeah. You're getting ready to go through a really tough deal and you're in the middle of the storm right now, but you're gonna be okay financially and you're gonna okay emotionally, and you'll be, you'll be okay long term. So appreciate the call. Okay. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. Yeah. Oh, that's tough stuff, isn't it? Yeah, It is. It's just so duplicitous to be Oh, word of the day by Jade Warshaw folks. Use that one. You Think you know a guy? Oh boy. On behalf of all men. I'm sorry. Yeah.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes, or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


It's May folks, and that means another RAMSEY cash giveaway is here. You can enter every day from May 1st through the 31st, and there's gonna be one grand prize winner who will win $5,000. Jade, how about that? Ooh. And there is one $500 winner every week. So that's a pretty good deal. And you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. This could be a game changer. Think about $5,000 Yeah. Going towards your debt or boosting your emergency fund. Or maybe you finally get that AC unit repaired before it gets ungodly hot. Man. Whatever the situation, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. Now to enter no purchase necessary to win, I put $5,000 in your lap. I set it right here. Ken Coleman, what are you doing? Oh wow. I mean, this is probably not the best example because I'm, you know, I don't have to worry about the, the the debt snowball or the baby steps. I'm gonna go Yeah, I know, I know, I know. I'm gonna splurge, splurge on, on, on me, mom, the family, you know? Yeah. Something like that. Something fun. Okay. That's what I, a trip. I'm doing trip. Yeah. Put it towards a trip. 5,000. Yeah. Yeah. Something really fun of, of surprise for Stacey first. Oh, Surprise. Yeah, you got look at you. That's what this Look at this guy. I've been married a long time. Good job, Ken. And so you immediately go, Hey, I found some cash in the form of Jade. Put it on my, put it on my desk. Yeah. For some reason. And We don't know why, but that's the deal. And so I would Yeah. Something special for mama. Something For mama. Always, Always. And then, I don't know. I'd have to think. I wish I had a quick answer for you. That's All Right. I put you On the spot. I guarantee you clothing. Oh, okay. Okay Then. And, and, and with clothing comes the accessories of shoes. You know, I have a shoe problem. You're very aware of this. I do. We both do. We both do. We're both recovering shoe holics, if that's a thing. Yes. All Right.


James is up in Fort Myers, Florida. James, How can we help today? Hey guys, how are you guys doing today? We're doing well. What's going on with you? Well, about seven years ago, the wife and us, we decided that we, we had a baby on the way and we decided that we needed to get a house. And at the time, her parents said, Hey, we're in the process of moving and you guys need some childcare since it's very expensive where we live. Let's just get a house together and we will watch the kids for you guys and you guys can work without worrying about babysitting. So we purchased the house together under both of our names.


And now we're in a situation where we got more than just one child and we are ready to move out and we're in the financial situation to go, but they're really not ready to go. So we're trying to figure out what's the best way to, to move out because we are either considering refinancing and just taking our names off and taking the portion of the profits that we would make from the house ourselves or just selling the house outright. And we're, and they are, don't know what to do. And, and this market has everybody pretty concerned. So we're just trying to figure out what Is the best thing. So break the numbers down for Jade real quick. So give us an idea of what everybody put down, what the house, what's owed on the house, what it's worth.


Give us some of those numbers. Well, when we first purchased the house, we put about 20,000. And in that 20,000, I believe we had about like 12 to 13,000 and they had about 7,000 in it. Okay. So, and Listen, I, I'm already a little concerned because you're speaking in a abouts. Yeah. So that me, lets me know, this is not written down anywhere. This, there, there was nothing. Yikes. And not much. No. So what's the house? No, But the house is worth a lot more now. So we purchased the house pre Covid and it was about 300,000. And now the house is worth about 550,000. What is owed on the house?


Somewhere around 220,000. Okay. So you owe two 20, it's worth five 50. They don't have the money to buy you out and they probably don't have the financial status to keep this loan anyway, right? Is what you're telling Me? No, because we were thinking about just taking like whatever portion, like, you know, whatever profit would be from an appraisal, we would split it in half and take that and go buy our own new house with it. Right. But how can you get that money? Exactly. The situation We're kind of fucking, So the, the, what I would do, there's a couple ways you can look at this, sorry. There's a couple ways you can look at this. You can Go to them if you haven't already and sit down and say, Hey, this has been a seven year run and it's been good, but I don't think any of us intended for this to be forever.


At least I, we didn't intend that. And if we didn't communicate that we are sorry, that is our, you know, and try to put some of the onus on you on this that you, you should have done a better job communicating that you didn't want this to be forever. Also try to be really understanding, hey, I get it. It feels like it's not the best time to be buying a house. We're you're, neither of us are likely gonna get the interest rate we had before. And that is a loss. I hate that. I'm sure you guys hate that too, right? So you're setting this up in a way that is really just aware of the facts, is really what it is. And then you're saying, here's what my wife and I would like to do. We are going to move out and we need to have access to our portion of that money, which means that you're going to have to move out as well.


And this is the part where I would be very direct about what is going to happen and then let them say their piece and hopefully it goes swimming lean. You guys can set a timeline and say, okay, here's the timeline, six months, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. And keep going from there. If for some reason that's not the case, then this is where, and I pray it doesn't Go to this point, but this, when you might have to get a lawyer involved and say, okay, I did this thing with my family. I want to sell, they're not selling. Can I get a judge to force this sale? That sort of thing. And that my friend is where I hope this does not go. Have You floated this idea to them? Yeah, we have, we sat down with them a few weeks ago and we discussed exactly what we wanted and they were super indecisive.


'cause that's where we're really stuck on. 'cause they, they just didn't know what they wanted to do. And we're like, well, like, let us know. And then they said, oh, well we'll think about it. And it's been a kind of like that, that situation. And they've been very great to us. So I I don't wanna seem like they haven't been No, I get it. So the good news news is, is they weren't, they weren't mad about it. They just kind of kicked the can down the road. No, I think the problem was you put the ball in their court. I agree. Instead of saying, here's what we're gonna do and here's what we need from you. And and they may need some direction, Jade. Yeah. In other words, when you tell this guy and you already told 'em what you wanted to happen, so presumably when you sat them down and told them what you were going or wanted to do, you played out the numbers.


They mean if you have it, you probably need to do that. That's also true. Here's how we see this going down. We walk away with this. You walk away with this. They, they just, it seems very passive. And that to me tells me they're very afraid. And I think Ken is right. If you let them know what your plan is, Hey, we're gonna take our cut of the money and we found this neighborhood over here, we're gonna purchase. Like, and you let them see there's a way to go forward out of this. Yeah. I think that'll also help them get an idea as to what they can do. Yeah. I don't know if their income situation is the same as yours. It's likely not. But at least you know, that is giving them an idea of, okay, we, this is what we could do. And yeah, I think that you need to speak in no uncertain terms of saying, here's what we need, here's what we need the timeline to be.


Because here's what we are going to do and here's what we And Jade want you to do. Question for you Jade, because they are his in-laws. I think his wife needs to take the lead. I wanted you to speak to that. Yeah, Ken. Yeah, Ken is right. She, this is her. She needs to be talking to her Mama and daddy not putting it on you. And I'm not, not saying that she's not, but I wanted you to speak to that. You're Ken said it. He's right. Let let your wife do the talking. Otherwise I wouldn't want to be you is all I'm saying. And, And let me also say I hope it doesn't happen, James, but there's a reason why if you were to call us in the front end of this and say, should we do this? We'd have been like, No. Yeah. In slow motion.


You know, because you can see that this thing could get messy really fast. It's already messy. Yeah. The question is, is it gonna spill out further Because you both have, you both sound like very nice people, very reasonable people. Yeah. Like for the listener, for the people listening, let you see that these are all good people with good intentions and no ill will. And still it's an uncomfortable situation. And I'm gonna say this, I'll give enough time for my colleague to say something different if she disagrees. I think this has ripped the bandaid off type stuff. You guys already sat down and we slowly started to p pull the bandaid off and they were like, oh. And it's like, come on. Oh yeah. Get the hair in there. Get get, yeah. Get it all in there. It's gonna sting.


I think the next conversation is your wife takes the lead and we rip the bandaid off. That's the only thing I think that's gonna work now. 'cause yeah, there's pain regardless. Let's do the least amount of pain possible. Oh, it hurts Jade, but I want it to hurt for just a little nanosecond. Remember Clover Lang? Oh, Rocky, Yes. Great reference. Jade wins The Ramsey Show today.


I've been helping people get out of debt and change their lives for over 30 years. So I know change isn't always easy, but it's worth it. And here's change that's actually easy and worth it. Switching to Boost Mobile Boost gives you nationwide 5G coverage for reliable calls and streaming. And their plans start at just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data. With Boost Mobile, there's no junk fees, no contracts, and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. Plus their customer service team is made up of real people, not robots. So switching is easy. So Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY.


Let's Go to Terry in Manchester, New Hampshire. Terry, How can we help today? Hi. So the reason my call is I got two notices of being served in small claims court over a, over two different credit cards it looks like. And so I went and I looked at my credit report, you know, 'cause you always hear, you know, who really owns this stuff? And it looks like it's on there a couple different times under a couple different names. And so I'm just kind of a little confused of what to do. Is it, you said it's on there a couple of different times under a couple of different names. Is that like different credit card names?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like this one. It, I don't know if I can say who's actually the person's suing me. No, It's okay. I just, you're saying it's the same amount but it's listed in, in several different ways. And you're positive that they're not several different debts is, I guess is what I'm getting at. Ye I I I'm fairly sure it's that they aren't different debts. Okay. But you did not pay them because they Yeah, yeah, because they're kind of, they're 'cause according to this, you know, the paperwork that I got, you know, I haven't paid these since July and August of 22. Okay. Does it look familiar at all or are you contesting that you even, is it fraudulent?


I I don't think it's fraudulent, but I'm not sure. You know what I'm gonna say? No, they, they, they are probably true to Me. Okay. How much, okay, You, what's happening right there? Can we, can we learn a little bit more about that response? You know what, I just don't wanna assume because I mean the, there's, I don't have a whole lot of, I guess it would be considered consumer debt on my, on, on my account. Okay. I mean it's probably, you know, five to $8,000 in total. Okay. Well how much are these, You know, car payments and, and the house and student loans and stuff.


How much are these contested bill, what you're being sued for? How much is that Terry? So being too combined because it's the same company, Sue me, I guess for two different credit card lines, it's only $1,800. Okay. My guy. Yeah. Yeah. But the, the thing that I'm hearing here, and I'm just pointing this out real quick, Jade's on top of this. But for everybody listening and watching, you don't know what's going on in your finance. That's what's, that's what we're hearing. And so you don't have a clear grasp of what you're doing with your money. And it, that's the bigger issue here. What you're calling us about today is symptomatic of the fact that you're just, It's kind of floating. Yeah. Just all over the place. Am I right?


Yeah. I mean, we know now what we spend our money on. 'cause you know, we went out and signed up for that, for that EveryDollar great app that you all have And you got sued that woke you up. Yeah. And so, and so I went and I looked at, because I haven't, it's not like I've gotten any notices lately. Like, Hey, you owe this bill or whatever. Well, you know, and so like, I like do You think it's a scam is what I'm asking you? I and how, you know, doesn't think so. Okay. Well let's, let me, Terry, let me, I, I like you Terry. I, I I like you a lot. Let me level with you and give you a couple of steps here. First thing is, okay, I think this is relatively new for you.


You got the thing in the mail, it kind of, you know, made your stomach do a flip flop. 'cause it was scary, right? Yeah. But you really haven't done much due diligence on it yet. So I would Yeah. Call the number. You know, if there's a a, if it's telling you the court right, call the court right Separately from the number on the, you know, don't use the number that's on the, the sheet. Google the number, get the real number, call and say, Hey, is there a docket for this? Is this really going on? Find out if it's real. Then if you know, hey, this is, Oh, I, I did that. I did, okay. I did, I did call the court and they said, yeah, because there's a due date. Like I have to respond by, 'cause there's no like actual court date that's been set. Sweet. Okay. They just want my response to this. Yeah. To these two lawsuits.


So it's like, okay, So it's real. And, and, and so it's, yeah. So it's step by step, Hey, this is what you've gotta do because you know, I'm, I'm not gonna go hire an attorney for No. And don't. And then Terry, let me take it to the next level. Do you have the $1,800? No. What do you have? Can you get the $1,800 Or Can you get enough to settle? I had to do today? No, 'cause I mean, we've got about a thousand dollars in our emergency fund. I've, I've got about 800 that I could pull out of a investment account. What If we did a big yard sale, Terry?


Yeah. I mean, I mean, yeah, I could probably do that. I have Yeah. 'cause we've been talking about that. Even our kids have been saying, Hey, are we gonna do a yard sale this summer? Here's what I would, here's what I would do in your shoes. I would try to work until you get the actual court date. I'd work on piling up some money and I would ask, is it too late to make a settlement? Here's what I have. I have $800, but it's all I have. I'm in debt. I'm trying to work my way out. I don't even know if this is really real. It could be fraudulent, but I'm tired of dealing with it. Can I just give you $800 and it be settled in full? So I try to make that deal and see if you can Okay. It may be beyond that point, but it's likely not.


So I would, I would try that and say, Hey, I, I didn't even know this was a thing. This is my first time hearing about it. If I had known it was a thing, I would've been happy to pay it. You know, that spilled milk. Can I, can I please make a deal? Here's the money I'm ready to give it to you today. And then I Yeah, I would go into the emergency fund and I would knock this thing out and be done with it and, and make a deal. Yeah. For $800 or $700 or whatever they'll take. And that way I just don't want you spending a lot of mental calories on this. It's $1,800, which is a lot of money, don't get me wrong, but Right. It's not something that I want you to lose sleep on for months on end. Especially if it's money that you truly owe. Which it kind of sounds like you do.


Yeah. Oh, I, Yeah. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sure I do. It's just, you know, back in 2000, 2223, I had a bunch of medical issues and so I wasn't working. And so feels piled up. So this is probably true. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So Let's knock it out. Yeah. You gotta get your hands around your finances this whole time. I'm sitting here listening to you, Terry. I don't know if if either one of you, Terry or Jade, I'm pretty sure James, our fearless leader, has seen the viral July 4th video every year. It's the, the guys in the wheelchair and his buddy. Let's seem light a bottle rocket. Stop it. Have you seen that video? I, I have. Because James showed it to me and The whole time, I'm just wanting to yell.


Good Luck, Terry. Terry, Terry. I don't know why my Brain went there. Oh no. I wanted to say, Terry, you don't even know if it's real credit card debt. That's good reference. That's, that's a good reference. A deep cut. I didn't wanna interrupt you. No, that's, that's good. Because I was like, if I throw, if I in the middle of you giving advice, I start going, Terry, Hey Terry, back away, Terry. Good loud. Then you would look at me like I had horns growing out in my head. Yeah, you, I'm glad you set it up. 'cause I kind of forgot about that. But that is an, an excellent reference. And I wanna say for our audience, who's going, what is Ken talking about? Is it really that funny? It is. Absolutely. Just type in Terry fireworks Yes.


On YouTube and sit back, welcome and enjoy yourself because it freak me so much joy every year. Oh. I find seven new people to text that to James every July 4th. I'd never seen it until James showed it to me. So, you Know. Oh, this is perfect. Yeah. This is perfect. James, I had no idea that you introduced Jade to that great glorious viral. It would've been a great metaphor, even if this color's name wasn't Terry, but it was just perfect. Yes, it would've, it works both ways. What's the lesson? We wanna back away from the mess. Get our hands in there. EveryDollar. Yes. Which by the way, he did. He did. He's doing the right thing thing. To his credit, he had a thousand dollars emergency fund. Yeah. And my guess is, and we didn't ask him this, but my guess is he was feeling great about the fact that he was making some progress.


Yeah, he did. EveryDollar, he had the emergency fund. He was working on his debt, which wasn't much, but he was making progress. Right. And then this thing kind of rolled in, but it kind of set him back a little bit. I Wanna point out James, our studio audience is watching it on their cell phones right now. There's a dude who looks like Joe Rogan out there, who's shaking? It's funny. It's one of the great videos of all time. Do we have it to roll? No, we Were gonna, we were gonna kind of bump out with the video without audio, but we can Yeah. 'cause You can't, you can't play the audio I don't think. Yeah. Oh, I Never mic. If you just go On YouTube and do backup, Terry, you'll find It. Yeah. Back up. Terry. Am I right folks? They are thanking me out there. Thumbs up. Yeah. Everybody's loving it. Look at these people enjoying that video.


That's the gift that keeps on giving by the way. It really is. You ever have a bad day? Just watch that and think, well, I could be Terry. Oh, you don't want to be Terry. Terry. Terry's been through some things. Back up Terry. Oh man, that's good.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY to find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Ruth is in Washington dc Ruth, How can we help you today? Hi. I am a public school teacher who I'm 16 years in. I still need 14 more years till I get full retirement and it's gone really hard. Yeah. And I've, sorry, I've applied a Christian school. Yeah. It's 80% of the bay. Yeah. None of the retirement, but almost. I mean, currently I have 29 students of all different ranges of ability, of ability to speak English. You know, one is on the autism spectrum, very, a couple major behavior to problems, including parents that are combative and like the, the Christian school is a cap at 18.


And you know, even if the parents read a mean email, the kid gets sent on their way. You know, like Yeah. Totally different environment. Right. Totally different. And I, I'm far enough along that I'm kind of invested, you know, maybe it's about a couple bad years, you know, but it's, it's one of those things where I, I commute three and a half miles in a a 17 and a half year old car that can only go so far. Like I don't trust it very far. Right. But it is my debt-free car, so it is my transportation. The other school would be a two and a half hour commute every day because of traffic and whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. The Christian school would be two and a half hour commute.


Yeah, it'd be an hour there and an hour and a half home. Okay. Outside of it's, yeah, outside of DC The traffic is a Little scary. Oh, trust me, trust me, I, I grew up in the, on the coast of Virginia, so not too far from you. And I know what traffic is like in Northern Virginia and, and down and all that, so I get that. Yeah, well I it would be A longer day, but it might be an enjoyable day. No, I think that's a fallback. I think that's probably our last option to escape the burnout that you're experiencing right now, but I don't think it's our best option. Okay. So what do you make now? What's your income? Well, I think it's 82. I, I'm, I'm projected to be about 88 next year.


Okay. All Right. On my contract. And You've been teaching for a long time. So my question is, if I'm you, my first, my first move is to look at private schools in the DC area. First move just to go, okay. It doesn't have to be a Christian school and does it need to be an hour away? But I know the amount of income in Washington, so I'm gonna start, first thing I'm gonna do from you is I start looking at private schools, the very, the, the expensive ones where they pay their teachers very well. And again, you've got a very different clientele. So I'd start there. The second thing I'd start looking at is community colleges or colleges. If, if you're qualified for that, you may not be, but I'm just throwing out my immediate reaction.


Right. Okay. Third, because you've been teaching for 16 years and you're a trained trainer. I would be looking at training jobs, jobs where the company will bring you in and they'll train you on how they need you to train, whether it be training through HR or something like that. But I would be looking at any kind of training job in corporate America because you are already qualified and, and, and so they can look at you and go, here's a, here's a woman that's been teaching for 16 years. She knows how to teach. That's where I would be starting because I think sometimes public school, I know. So I've talked to so many, so many teachers over the years, I've counseled them on the, on the Ken Coleman show.


And, and they all think the same thing. That they're only qualified to teach in a public or private school setting, that they can't do anything else. And that's just simply not the case. You would admit to Jade and I today that you know how to train people, don't you? I hope so. Come on. You do, Ruth. You know how to instruct, correct? Yes. Okay. So I would be looking at anything that involves instruction and imagine how fun it would be to instruct somebody who wants to be instructed. Exactly. Alright then. So we've gotta open up the possibilities and I would put the situation that you brought to us, the two and a half hour commute for an 80% pay.


Absolutely. Last worst case scenario, Jade. Yeah. Last ditch effort on that one. I just think there's too many opportunities that can vary eloquently laid out for you. Yeah. So, okay. What, let's, let's just brainstorm for a minute or two. What does your brain do with the information I just gave you? What started popping in your head? Gimme the fears. If you've got fears, if you've got questions about what I said hit me. Yeah. I mean, I've spent most of my teaching in kindergarten, second grade. So I feel like teaching adults I would, you know, want 'em to sing a song or you know, do a dance while they learn it and no you wouldn't. That might just not work. No, you wouldn't. That's how I teach. I know that's how you teach because that's how you had to teach of kindergartner.


You figured out what will help them learn this and then you came up with a solution for how they would best learn it. Yeah. And you would do the same thing with adults. You would say, how will they best learn this? That's right. And then you'll come up with a solution on how that that will happen. Why aren't you thinking about some of these high-end prep schools and private schools in the DC area? Well, so I'm not quite in DC I'm a little bit out and how far Out I know the area. How far out are you? Two counties. Are you? So like, are you in Loudoun County? Prince William. Prince William. Okay. Well what about Prince William County? I mean, there's a lot of spillover. What are the, okay, here's a homework assignment. I'm gonna speak to you and your language. I want you to find all of the private schools in your county and a county or two over, you don't have to go into the city because of that nightmare of traffic.


Right. But, but are but have you done that? I I've looked at some of 'em. Probably Faki County. So a little bit the other direction. So I'd be going against traffic, but the pay is much less than 80% of my current at the Private schools. Yeah. The High end ones. The ones that I, I mean it's been a couple years since I looked at a particular one, but Yeah. But bruise and they are high end. Okay. I'd still look is my point. You have got Yeah, here's, you don't know what you don't know. You're giving me 2-year-old. Now, again, I'm not thinking that it's gonna be a big difference here, but first thing you said to me is, well, I looked at another county, not the county you were in. So my point is, is you Well, yeah, my county doesn't have Okay.


A high end ones. Okay, great. So, but my point is, is you see what we're doing here, if I were coaching you for an entire hour, we would be turning over a lot of rocks and, and so you need to be looking online at openings that are involving instruction. Okay. Okay. If nothing else, Go to chat. GPT and, and, and put in everything that you have learned how to do as a, as a teacher. And don't say helping kids with glue and popsicle sticks. I mean, I know how to lesson plan. I know how to instruct and teach, you know, whatever, whatever, whatever. And begin to just see what is out there and then Go to these job sites and start to see what's out there.


Then the another thing you've gotta do is you gotta talk to everybody that you know, everybody and say, Hey, this is what I've been doing. I now am looking to transition into any kinda role where I'm spending most of my day in an instruction capacity. And watch the opportunities get suggested to you. You have got to put the word out and, and then let things come to you. You've gotta go look. And when you look you will see things you have not seen before. You tracking with me? Yeah. Ruth, you remember the last time you and your husband bought a car? Like a nice car? Yeah. You remember seeing it everywhere for about three or four or five days.


Isn't that a phenomenal effect? Yeah. That's a psychological effect. Yeah. And what that is, is the power of focus. And we are so focused Jade on buying that car, then we begin to see it everywhere. That's right. And the car ferry didn't just drop that in. And so what I'm trying to teach you here is to focus. I heard you about to ask a question, hit us with a question. What did you got? I So when you work for the government, you have like the state retirement, which is a good retirement, but it like, obviously you can't take it with you. I mean, not that it disappears, but it wouldn't be something that I should be concerned about changing. No. Out Of. No. Okay, because you said you have 16 years before you'd be able to get it correct.


14. Yeah. 14. Sorry, more. I want you to imagine really quick, 14 more years of what you've been experiencing that drove you to tears at the start of this call. Is that worth it? Yeah. Is that worth it? No. No. 'cause you can go make more money doing what I'm telling you to do and you're gonna invest that money the way we've taught you. Oh yeah. To invest that money. Jade, final word on that. I think she needs a, I need a little, little pep talk here. My final word is I want you to do a vocab rehab. Oh, I hear a lot of you saying things where it was just this and I just did this. I want you to start talking about what you do as a profession with a lot of power and a lot of authority. You're, you're a person who's good at their job, they're great at what they do.


And I want you to sound like it and stop kind of selling yourself short. Like you've got a lot to offer and anybody would be great to have You. That's a good word. Go Ruth. Go.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


You guys, I get it. Inflation is hitting hard right now. Milk, bread, meat. The price of everything has gone up so you can complain or you can do something about it. Like shop somewhere. Stuff costs less. I'm talking about Aldi, the newest sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Aldi gives you a no nonsense approach to shopping and prices that won't bust your budget. Listen to this, Aldi shoppers can save up to 36% on a typical shopping trip, which adds up to about $4,000 a year for a family of four. So stop over paying for groceries and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi dot us. That's a ldi us.


This is The Ramsey Show where America talks about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight eight two, five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm Ken Coleman, joined by the fantastic and talented lady Jade Warshaw. Always fun. Thank you Ken. Yeah, there you go. You gotta turn that mic on after I brag about you there. Let's get right to it. You're ready to roll. Rock and roll. Serenity is joining us in Houston, Texas. How can we help today? Hi y'all. I'm just gonna say how much my boyfriend and I love this show and I'm, it's such a pleasure to talk to y'all.


Oh, thank. I'm doing great. How are y'all? Great. We're happy to talk to you. What's up today? Okay, so my best friend has itinerary for her bachelorette party, but it's outside of my budget and I don't know how to tell her that. How much outside the budget. So she's an engineer. She makes six figures. So every activity is at least $150. Mm What do you esti, what do you estimate the total trip gonna cost you? The total? Well I've already paid for the flight and I already bought the hotel and I didn't wanna spend any more than I spent on the hotel flight.


So I have about $400 for a three day weekend. Well it sounds like you're in it now. Serenity, you bought the flights and you bought the hotel. Yeah. Are they refundable? No they're not. No they're not. Oh man. So now you're gonna be at the restaurant just eating the chips and drinking water is what you're saying. Are you in the wedding? Presumably. So it's just gonna be her siblings in the wedding. Oh listen, I'm not gonna be in the wedding. Here we go. Now you and I went viral messed one time before talking about one of these type of trips. It's So messed up. It's so I listen, I feel as though, can I just, serenity, gimme a moment to just rant for a minute.


'cause I'm sure your, your bestie like she's your friend and everything like that. But I do feel like it can be a little tone deaf to have these big bachelorette trips. You already ha if you're already in the D gum wedding, you already have to get a dress or a tuxedo. No. And then don't let it be a destination wedding. Now she's not in the wedding. Did you catch that? You're Not in the wedding at all? No, No. Just her. The siblings are the only ones siblings are gonna be in the wedding. Okay. And she now let me, so this is great. Lemme get a little more information. 'cause I knew she was about ready to rent. I was. So you've paid for the hotel in the airfare. And if I heard you right, you have $400 of spending money for this weekend, three day weekend, correct? Correct.


But how much did you spend on the flight and hotels so far? They were about three 50 each. Three 50 for the hotel. Three 50 for the price girl. Well then so what, what's the so, well, I mean, why I'm getting to it. Do you have debt? It's like clearly this is bothering you. Is it because you have other financial goals and this is really just a Yes. And I stick it in your car to show up for her and Yes. I just wanted to show up for her, you know. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can. Is there anything happening that's not $150 every time they go do it? Like is there some, is there like, No, and I was gonna suggest it, but I don't know if that takes away from her moment. You know, how Many, okay, sorry, I'm asking a few more questions.


How many events does she have scheduled and what would that cost you? I'm trying to be real here. At 150 per pop, how many things does she have scheduled and what's that gonna cost you? And I'm busting, I know you are busting, but you're gonna bust too soon on this deal and I gotta get some information. What, how much are we talking about Serenity? Honestly, if I was to do everything on my itinerary, I'll be spending about $650. Okay. You have 400 to spend. I'm saying I'm trying to help her with a reality. I know you're upset that she's even going, but my point is, see, this is how we went viral before. I'm, I'm trying to help her in the moment. So in the moment, okay, you can do two events.


Yes. But that's all you can do. Th you got two events at one 50 that leaves you a little a hundred dollars and you come up with a headache on a couple of these. Don't late to not miss it. I don't too, I don't think it's too late to not go. She can't get refunded. Here's the thing. Usually you, I will call, if I spend it, I'm gonna spend it usually with the hotel. If you go back as long as it's more than 24 hours notice, usually you can get that back. But she said she couldn't. So let's clarify. Serena, did you Go to I can't the hotel, you know, you know For sure. Yeah, I cannot. All Right. That's what I'm saying. So now here's the deal. I'm always thinking about the big picture. All Right. Yeah. This isn't just a money play. So she wants to be a part of this weekend. Yes. Special lady in her life. Yes. Long time friend.


I say go and you budget the $400, you got 400. Yeah. I mean, you can only spend 400. So you can have a $400 worth of fun. Or, or, or, or, or bachelorette activities. Am I right? Okay. Yeah, that's reasonable. And here's, you have two options. You tell her, Hey, listen, I'm getting outta debt. And so no, you can't tell her that. Sure. She can, she could be straight up and go, look, I've got $400 to spend. I'm gonna come to this outing and I'm gonna come to this outing. I can't do the rest. I said, she has options. She didn't have to do that. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not suggesting she does that, but I don't know their relationship or you know what? She didn't get in the wedding.


We've all, now I'm gonna be real straight up right now, we've all been to a thing where we didn't want to do all the things. Yeah. And we go, I got a headache, or my stomach doesn't feel very good right now. I mean, come on. I think it calls for that. 'cause we want to, you're there. She feels loved and supported. You don't wanna feel ostracized for your being RAMSEY Cash. What Are, what are the activities? Are you allowed to tell us? Or is does it involve? Oh, I like this. Even even More. So y'all, so it's basically like, the biggest things on the, the list are just dinner and brunch. Okay. So I feel like Can the restaurant, everything on the menu is like maybe minimum $40 minimum.


Oh, Okay. Well now I can get around that. Right? That's where you, like, you make a couple friends, you know, any other girls going on this trip? There you go, Kim. You see where I'm Going? Yeah. It's a group. It's a group. Hey. But you know the girl. So I'm, you're Not the only one feeling this. I'm telling you what I'm doing is what we're saying. I'm sitting here like this, I'm looking at the menu and I'm, and I'm, I'm going, Hey Jade, do you wanna split a salad? This is where you call up the friend. Come on that, whenever something happens, y'all just look at each other like this. You don't even have to say anything. You just look, I like this. You call up that friend? Yeah. And say, are you thinking what I'm thinking? I ain't spending $40 girl. Exactly. Or however it is. You all talk to each other. That's my best impersonation. Just That, just that girl. Have you looked at this menu? Because I'm not the one, I'm not going, how can we make this work?


You and me. Let's get together. Seriously, because I'm only trying to spend $400. That's how we're doing this. Yeah. I mean, cheese or salad soup. Yep. I could stretch $400. You know, you don't want to Go to brunch. How come you're not coming to brunch? We're not ordering alcohol, unfortunately. You know, I gotta get my TPS reports in. Yeah. You know, I had to leave work, you know, I mean, come on. Well, now Don't tell her to tell a lie now, Ken. Come on now. See, I don't think that's lying. I think that is just socially kind of, we're just creating some harmony. Mm. I don't want to come to everything. Don't tell me you've, you've skipped out on some invite. I bet you Stacey and I have invited you and Sam and you gave me a little excuse at once or twice. You've never given me an Excuse. Not that you, Ken, I would never do that to you. But you've done it before. I've done it before.


All Right. There. I think we could call that a little white lie. That doesn't hurt anybody. Oh yeah. But I like the idea. Yeah. You get together with your, I'm Keeping it real. All Right. The other bestie, the other one of you that's not in the wedding and y'all make it happen. 'cause guaranteed stuff like this, we think, you know, we're isolated. We think we're the only one. And I promise you, yeah, somebody else is feeling like you're feeling. By the way, serenity, since I'm so full of helpful tips on this call, I'm feeling pretty, pretty, pretty good right now. How long do we have before we go on this trip? It's next week. Next Week? Okay. I'm gonna sell two or $300 worth of stuff around my house that I don't need. No, Yes. Pay for The trip.


I would never, I am not selling my stuff to Go to your wedding. Like, that's Not period. I would, Ken, you're trying to please too many people out here. What? What'd, what'd you say? Serenity. Say it again. I could try. Hustle. Side hustle of money. Then we make everybody happy and we don't go backwards in our baby steps journey. Jade, you're too cheap. You gotta be friend. No man, gotta be a friend. Gotta gotta go a A $1,200 friend. I still gotta get the Gift kid. 600 max. I Still gotta get the gift.


As an investor and a person of faith, when your mutual funds and ETFs put your money into the dark side, you might feel a disturbance. Well, good news. Timothy Plan offers investments for people who wanna be intentional about where their money goes. As the pioneering force and biblically responsible investing, Timothy Plan entered the investment space to offer clean alternatives to secular funds that invest in stuff you'd never willingly expose your family to. And for more than 30 years, Timothy Plan has offered mutual funds and ETFs that won't contradict your values or sabotage your faith. So if you're serious about investing with a clear conscience, Timothy Plan could be just what you're searching for. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy Plan is right for you, or visit Timothy Plan dot com for more information. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a funds investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in prospectus available at Timothy Plan dot com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LLC.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


If you are tired of living paycheck to paycheck and wondering what in the world is happening to your money, first thing you gotta do is get on a budget. And this is for you. Our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month. That's where you're gonna learn step by step, how to make it stick to a budget using EveryDollar. Get all of your biggest budgeting questions answered in the live q and a. Folks, listen, we've coached, I'm telling you, thousands upon thousands upon thousands of people on this and they always get a little hung up on the newness. The unknown of a budget and fear of the unknown is the number one crippling factor in any area of life. When you want to go from where you are to where you want to be and knowledge is the bridge and take advantage of these, these are free webinars, EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. It just takes all the fear away and you realize, hey, this is actually an app, a budget app that I can use and it's gonna help me win. So take advantage of that.


Jessica's up next in Dallas, Texas. Jessica, How can we help today? Hi, Thanks for taking my call. So I have been helping my baby sister through the baby steps and she's actually further than my husband and I, she's just about to finish step three and move on to step four. She doesn't need to do five, she's only 20. She's not married, she doesn't have kids. And so I just need some guidance on like how to help her with step four and six. I know that she needs like a Roth IRA kind of thing, her investments because she's self-employed as a tattoo artist. So she doesn't have like automatic retirement going in and she's very like, tell me what to do with my money and I'm gonna do it because I helped her get to where she is now living on her own and that kind of stuff.


Wow, That's great. I, I thought this call might go a different direction when you started with the, I'm helping my baby sister, but it seems like this is going well. Yeah, it's good. I mean I think you're great sister for pointing her in the right direction and I, I wanna make sure it sticks with pointing her in the right direction versus kind of what you said of tell me what to do and I'll just do it. Especially when it comes to the investing part because that's the part where we do wanna have more of a hands-on approach and making sure that she's really understanding it for herself versus my sister told me to open this up and put my money right here. And so I'm just gonna do that. Because the truth is, you know, being in the market can have volatility and we don't know what her sense is gonna be around that.


And so if she has a day where she sees her investments go down, I don't want her to look at you and go, you told me to put my money here and now you know, the stock market's had a down day, right? We want her to make right, we wanna make sure she understands it. So let's go back to just the basics of what you're telling her, which is yeah, you're right. If she's self-employed, a Roth IRA would be a wonderful place to start. And if she finds that she's able to fund that fully and still has money to go out of her 15%, then she could sit down and set up some other types of funds. Maybe she does a step, maybe she does something else. An individual 401k, something like that. Okay. That's where she would go with that.


But what's important is that she's learning what this all is and what this all means, right? Because you can tell her, Hey, invest your money across four different types. That's what we would say, you know, growth and income, aggressive, growth international, and you could go through all that stuff with her, but if she doesn't understand it, again, it's just her taking your advice and not doing her own due diligence. So do you think that you have a grasp enough of a grasp to really teach her? Or what do you think? I think I have like an intermediate level grasp, which is why I'm not feeling super confident because my husband and I are still in baby step two and she is progressing further and I haven't, like we're focused on baby step two and she's getting further down the line.


I'm like, Oh no, she is gonna need help again soon. Like in the next couple months she'll have her six months. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, saved up and with the investments and stuff like, because you've not Actually done it. I've not actually done it. Okay. And she, I know that she, she's very open with me about her finances. I know that she can fund the 15% and have money left over to save for a down payment on a home or if she wants to upgrade her car or whatever, she's 20. Like great, Great. You know, so what I do is I, if I were in your shoes, I would get financial peace University, matter of fact, we'll gift it to you. And I'd sit down and I'd watch the investing lessons with her and I'd watch it one, one night like in the week or whatever, pop popcorn do whatever, and then I'd go back and watch it again.


'cause it takes some time to get it in there. And then if she feels confident, like, hey let's look into these Roth options, then it's like, okay, now we're looking at it, we're seeing what it is and we're kind of putting the teaching together with like practically actually doing it. And if there's still any question on what do I pick, then it's like, okay, let's Go to smart ster Pro, let's sit down with them and let's see if they can help teach it. Because I just don't want her to do it because big Sister said do it. Yeah. Right. Yes, yes. And she's very, I did like sit down and show her like the investment calculator, the RAMSEY side, like this is for your future. This is like kind of what, you know, like is this something you want to do? Yeah. Do you want to set yourself up in the future?


You know, and stuff like that. And she's very like just watching our parents having gone, they went through the baby steps, they became millionaires and now they lost it all in their divorce. Oh no. And she's like, and they have to work past retirement. Like that's how bad. Oh No. Yeah, that's It is. I'm sorry. And so she's looking at that and saying, I don't, I don't wanna do that. Yeah. You know, that's good. Which Is so great at age 20 I, that's great. I mean, my goodness, like she's not even fully brain developed yet, So No, you're doing great. You're teaching her the philosophy, right? You're teaching her the baby steps, you're teaching her, kind of like that overarching thing. But yeah, for the details, make sure she gets that advice from a deeper source and make sure that she's understanding it and not, like I said, yeah.


Not just doing it because it was said To do. I think it's a great point. The only thing I would add to that, Jessica, is, and you've done this, it sounds like stay in the posture of guiding, not directing because that older sister, it could be very easy. And if she starts to make other moves, moves that maybe you wouldn't make, doesn't mean that they're against what we teach at RAMSEY, but it might be different the way you would do. Just stay in that guide stature and I think that'll help your relationship as she continues to mature. A great job, both of you. That's such a great story. Debbie's up in Tampa, Florida. Debbie, How can we help? Yeah, thanks so much for taking my call. I'm kind of feel like I'm playing like financial pintail on the donkey.


I'm not really sure what I'm, I'm supposed to be doing here. My husband recently passed away, I'm gonna say about eight months or so ago. I'm so sorry. Sorry. I do, thank you. It was, it was rather unexpected. No life insurance. He has had an annuity of quite literally $7,500 and our boys are 13 and 17. Oh my goodness. So one goodness of them. I'll be getting Yeah, it was, it was, it was a health issue and we're about 18 years apart. And so it was, it was, it was a lot going on there health wise for him. So one, one of my sons will be getting social security about 2000 a month for the next four years. And the other son will be getting the same 2000 a month for maybe another 12 months.


And you know, I make about 4,600 after taxes, after investing, after, you know, my health, my dental, all that. I do have term life at 500,000, which is about, you know, 10 to eight times actually my salary. So I have investment about 300,000, you know, so that I'm kind of secure there. But what's happened now is I have about 97,000 in a HELOC and I have about 94,000 in credit cards. So we have a primary home and I also have an investment rental that I have. Tell us about that really quick. How much do you owe on it and what could you sell it for?


The rental I bought for 1 75, right now it's at 2.875. So that tells you it's yeah, 2, 8, 7, 5. And right now the mortgage on it is one 13 month. What could you sell it for? About 3, 3 50. Okay. And we depreciated the basis on it to about a hundred thousand. So I'm willing, Willing, I'm sorry, you broke up. How, how much do you owe on it? I'm sorry. 1 0 1 13 1. Yeah, I bought it for 1 75. I owe one 13. Hey, if I were you, I hate to cut you off, but we're against the clock. If I were you to get better settled on this, I'd probably clear that that rental and take the profits and pay off the debt as much as you can.


Agree. And I would never go into debt again. You can't afford to. Right now is the time to continue to build up that retirement account and yeah, stay outta debt. That's my best advice to you at this point. Yep. I'm sorry for your Loss, so sorry. But this, this investor property is a gift. Get out of it and get completely debt free and then continue to rebuild. You'll get there. That's what we would do. So hopefully you will do that.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news, Nokbox, that's N okay. Box as in next of Ken Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories, not a mess when you pass away. Nokbox is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them at Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n okay box.com/ RAMSEY.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me? Go download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


All Right, time for our question of the day, which is brought to you by why refi. Why refi Refinance is defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and they're gonna help you get your life back. So kick your private student loan debt to the curb@whyrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Okay, today's question comes from Alexis in Mississippi. She says, I'm a stay-at-home mom with two children. My husband earns about $55,000 a year. We owe $65,000 on our house and that's our only debt. It seems like we're stuck though, and I would love to get some guidance on how we can move forward on the baby steps. Neither of us have a retirement plan. My goal is to pay off the house as soon as possible. But I know investing in our future is also important. So how do we do both? Great question. Hey, congratulations on being debt free except your mortgage. I think for a lot of people that's the biggest hurdle, right Ken? Yeah, absolutely. So the fact that you're over that or maybe you never dealt with it to begin with is a major win.


So really it's just walking the baby steps up. So you've already done baby steps one and two essentially, which is you get a thousand dollars saved for baby step one baby. Step two is you pay off all of your consumer debt, right? Everything except the mortgage. So essentially now you're on baby step three, which is when you're stacking up three to six months of expenses. You didn't mention in the question that you had that, so I'm assuming that you need that. So three to six months of Ken, what I would say, kinda like your bare bones budget, like you don't need your bells and whistles budget. That's gonna take you a long time to do and we want to get you to that investing step. So yeah, three to six months. I base that Alexis off of a couple of things 'cause a lot of people ask, should I do three months or six months?


And it really does matter can about a couple of things. A what's your health like? You know, are you a person that is in and out? Is there a possibility that you might not work? You know, you go bouts where you're not working. So that's gonna play into whether you want three or six months. You look at are both spouses out earning income. If it's, you know, if you're a stay at home mom, that'd be another good reason to go for six months. So these are the sorts of things that I'm looking at when I'm determining that. And my world, Ken, I just like six months period. Honestly, I I agree, But I'm just, I was gonna get your take on this. As I was reading that they've, they only owe 65,000 on the house. Not a lot. No, but it looks like she was torn between do we pay the house off sooner versus the 15% baby?


Step four. And we know the answer and I think she kind of knows that. But we wanna see her and if, if she can even work part-time after the husband and if he's making the income, let's get the 15% done every month, now we're paying towards our retirement. That's baby step four. If she wants, that's baby step four. And if she wants to work towards, you know, paying the house off, if they've, if they've not been investing with the kids for their futures, stick with the plan because in the end, the momentum in baby step four and five will propel them to six to pay the house off. It's not That's right. That much don't take it out of order. And you can understand the intensity, right? Yes, yes, yes.


But you really wanna take advantage of the fact that you don't owe much on your home and you've got to start piling cash for retirement. That's why baby step four, 15% of your income gotta do that is so vital. And I think probably what you're feeling and can, Ken touched on it, you know, what, $55,000 a year if that's the gross what you're taking home. Yeah. You know, once you've put the the 15% away, it doesn't leave a whole lot to do all the things you wanna do in your budget. Plus put what feels like a substantial amount extra right. On the mortgage. Plus you gotta think about kids college. So Ken is exactly right. No, no, nothing takes away from the 15%. We gotta do that. And Ken is right. If you can find a way to supplement your income so that it feels like you're putting more on the mortgage, that's a good deal.


Yeah. Alright, let's Go to Charleston, South Carolina, one of my favorite favorite cities in the south. John is there, John, How can we help today? Hey, I hope you guys are doing great. I got a, I got a funky situation for y'all that I need your opinion on. Funky. Well, we can handle funky. All Right. It doesn't scare us. Alright. It's funky. All Right. So my wife and I are next week. We are about to complete baby step three. Okay, great. Super pumped about that. Congrats. I'm confused on where to go next. So my wife is a nurse. She makes about 50,000 a year gross. And I am a professional athlete and I make about 200 gross What sport That has that has, I'm not really allowed to say what sport, but it's in the automotive world.


It's in the what? Automotive world. Oh, All Right. Okay. All Right. It's a little funky. Like I said, it's funky. Okay. Alright. Keep, Keep going. We're we're tracking with you. My question here is, I know my next step here is to start the 15%. Yep. All of a sudden paying off the house with my job, my salary and how long it will last is very unpredictable. And when I say that is ba basically the way my contract's laid out is I have x amount of money for X amount of years, but that they have the ability to fire me basically if my performance goes bad or if I get hurt or, Well, so far everybody's job is like that.


So, so far it's not too funky. So keep going. I'm thinking one of the things you need to do is get a better phone. I think that's probably what all of us are wondering. We're having a hard time hearing my Phone Back. Well, yeah, you're, you're coming in and out. So are you in a tunnel? Are you moving around? Is this any better for you? It is. That's good. Sorry. Alright, sorry. Sorry. So What is your current contract length right now at making two 50 a year For how many years? How many years you got left? I have two more years left on my current contract. All Right. Are you doing, are you doing well right now? How's your performance? Oh, it's great. It's great. And it has the potential to go up if I continue to do well. What would cause your performance to start going down, since you can't tell me what sport this is, what, what, what in the world would cause, what would have to be true for you to get into a place where your performance dictates them firing you?


It's, it's more along the lines of like week after week, bad performance, which isn't really concern. My biggest concern, honestly is the average lifespan of an athlete in the sport's about 10 years Have, and how far are you into it? I'm about three years into it. All Right, great. I'm not seeing a massive problem. So let's go back to your financial question because we only got about three minutes left. What is it that you need to know about your money? I basically, I'm curious if I should focus on paying my house off instead of going towards the investment side of things. Just throwing all my money at the house. No. While I'm making the money that I do.


Yeah, no, I I would not do that because then you're making some sort of assumption that once this career path is over, you'll never make money again and you'll never make quote this kind of money again. And that's absolutely not true. If anything, I would follow the baby steps as they're written because you are gonna retire one day and compound interest is your friend and time is your friend. So take advantage of this timeframe that you have and start investing now because well, in, in a month when you're done with baby step three, but you know what I'm saying, so that you can have that time for that compound interest to compound. And in the meantime, like you said, if you know there's kind of a seven year stretch for you, that's the time to start thinking, how can I reinvent myself?


That's right. What's next for me? What does this look like? Yeah. You got time to build a bridge. So what's happening is, is you're, you're approaching us, it's a very good question by the way, but you've got a scarcity mindset, right? Very good. And, and so what you want to do is move into an abundance mindset and go, okay, I've done all this hard work to this point. My wife and I have got a great combined income. We're making great progress, we're about ready to start going all in on our retirement planning, and then we'll move to baby step six when we get there. But you, to your point, you kind of know none of this is gonna be a real shock outta nowhere. And I'm sure you've allowed yourself to wonder, what would I do if I weren't doing this sport? And so begin to lay the groundwork by making connections.


Act like you're gonna get fired tomorrow as far as professionally. Yes, that's Right. But financially don't act that way and continue the course as Jade has told you. So don't do that. Let me ask you this really quick. Why is it that you can't tell us the sport? I know, I know you said you couldn't, but I'm curious to know why. Maybe he's big famous. It's, it's, there's certain things in my contract where I'm not allowed to. There's some names and stuff that I'm involved with that I see are not allowed to be. I see. Is your name really John? Yeah. That's what I'm wondering. I wonder if He's demolition Derby guy. 'cause he's not making huge money. Or like Monster truck rallies.


Yeah, it's not NASCAR or IndyCar. Those guys wait way worse. So I'm trying to sit there and I'm just, yeah. What is it? It's killing me. It's killing me. I don't know what it's, I don't know what it's, Yeah, I'm wondering, But I would say he said you got 10 years too, so that makes me wonder if he's just smashing other cars every weekend or something. But I don't think Demolition Derby pays that. Well, Maybe he's like a, I don't know. I would drive a monster truck and smash other cars. I would tell you I'd Go to a Monster truck rally. All Right. That'd be Fun. All Right, we'll get tickets.


The Money and Relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life-changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Hey folks, we'd love for you to subscribe to the show if you haven't already. And we'd love for you to share, share, share and leave a review. Why do we tell you this? Because we don't have any choice. It's the algorithm folks. That's how we grow and want to help so many people get control of their money when in their work and have great relationships. And So we grow by you spreading the word in those ways. So we appreciate you joining us, however you are joining us. We'd love for you to subscribe, review, and share. Thank you very much. Hmm. Catherine is in San Diego, California. Catherine, How can we help today? Yes. This is more of a question about how versus what.


I was on baby steps five about 15 years ago and went through some issues and got a divorce and single mama now have a little 13-year-old and I'm not doing terrible, but I don't love the trajectory I'm on and I need to get back into budgeting. And I'm wondering like, how do I get back to that place where I was, where I was budgeting every month? Well, that's a very interesting question from someone who at one point was pretty far down the path. Were you budgeting back then? Yeah, I was. And I think a lot of it has to do with being in burnout because I, I just came off of working six months of a lot of overtime.


Right. And the reason I did that question because I, because Jade's gonna jump in. She's the budgeting queen here. But the reason I asked that question is 'cause it seemed a bit odd the way you presented it and now I'm starting to understand a little bit more. It's not the actual dotting the i's crossing the t's of a budget. It sounds like you're just emotionally exhausted. Yeah. Yeah, probably. Yeah. Okay. How can we help with that? What's going on there? The idea of budgeting just seems like, is it that you don't feel like you've got enough? Are you paycheck to paycheck and it feels like the last thing you wanna do is try to get in this mess? 'cause you've just been holding on so tight.


I I I just think there's something going on here that's not actually how to use a budget. Yeah. I I think it's, I'm not sure. I know part of it is the burnout and coming off of the overtime and now I'm going into a time when I won't be working as much overtime and hopefully like recover from the burnout. Yeah. Okay. I think that's good. So Jade, knowing that, hearing that what, because you coach people. Yeah. What, what do you think, I don't think this is as much tactical. What does she get back into it? What would you tell her to do? Well, I have a couple of questions Are what baby step are are you on now?


Are you back in debt? I, I do, I did get, yeah, I, I had a car that I was going to keep until the wheel fell off. It was a beautiful old Camry and I fortunately got hit by a car, so I did have to, it was totaled. Oh no. So I have a loan for a car, a used car, and I think it's about 7,000 something. Okay. I was planning on paying that off with a bonus I'm giving in August. Okay. Anything Else? And then I do have a, I have a credit card and I usually, I've been paying off the credit card every month, but this is the first month that I wasn't able to pay it off and I owe a little under a thousand.


So I, from what I know, from what I learned before, I've never lost the principles. Like they're there and I don't want this car debt. I never planned on getting a new car, a new work car. Okay. Or a replacement vehicle. But I see now that I didn't pay off this month, this balance for the first time. Yeah. And that really scares me. What about, okay. Yeah, I can understand that because it feels like a, something was lost here because you've always been able to do it. What happened? Okay, I understand that. What about your housing? Are you a renter? Do you own your house? I am renting. Okay. So my guess is, this is just a guess.


You can tell me if I'm wrong. My guess is you were doing this process, which is a fairly intense process, Catherine, you've been doing this for a long time and at one point you had something more to show for it. And right now you're feeling like, man, in many ways I'm starting at the beginning. And that's very daunting. Right? It's daunting to have to start and push play again and go, okay, here we go again. And I think that's probably what you're up against more so than, like Ken said, the dotting of the i's and crossing of the T's. Is that fair enough? Yeah, I know what to do, I just, I've done it before so I know what to do. Here's What I'm hearing, here's what I'm hearing.


I could be wrong. Sorry to jump in. That's okay. Go ahead. But I keep, I think we keep coming back to this point and the only analogy I can come up with right now is Catherine, it feels like you know how to exercise and eat right. But you just, when it comes time to hit the gym or to walk or to eat the really good meal, you just go, oh, I just really want the chips in queso instead. I I, it keeps coming back to that and there's the giggle of confirmation. Okay. So that's what I think is going on. She knows, she said it twice, I know what to do.


But when it comes time to sit, when the first check comes, when the ch first of the month, the check comes in. Getting back into that and having to make hard choices because when I decide not to eat chips in case, so at 10 o'clock at night in the last meal before seven, or I gotta Go to the gym, I'm giving up something else, I'm having to do something that initially is not fun to do. That's right. It's kind of yuck. Yeah. I think, yeah, there's, there's a philosophical answer and then there's just kind of like the basic answer of if you want the results, you just kind of gotta do it. Right? There's the bite, the bite, the bullet part of it. But I find that what makes it easier is fi figuring out why do you want to do this?


Right. What is that's good. What is, what is the, the clear reason? And it can't just be vanity at this point, right? Right. The, the vanity reason is because I wanna look lose 10 pounds and I want my jeans to fit better, but a deeper reason is kind of more of a life and death thing where it's like, Hey, I'm gonna retire at one point and I don't wanna retire with nothing. My doctor says my cholesterol is high and I'm Yep. Anything could throw me into a catastrophic event. HeartWise. Right. Those are the things that make us go, holy crap. Like I gotta get moving. And so you might have to have one of those moments where you go in the mirror and you just look at yourself and say, I am, how old are you Catherine? I'm 46. You look at yourself and go, man, I'm 46 years old.


If I don't get on the ball, here's what will be. Yeah. And you get real and you list those things out. Here's what I have in retirement. Yeah. And I'm glad that I've made it this far, but I'm not done yet. I have to keep going. And that's kind of like, I mean, Catherine, I'm telling, I'm not telling you anything I haven't said to myself. And so I'm just relaying that message and then you get, you start getting practical. You start putting those sticky notes on the, on the window of, you know, on your mirror every morning of what it is that you need to stay focused of. So that y is in front of you. Yes. And it's probably has something to do with your daughter and it probably has something to do with how you view yourself. Yep. After your working years are over.


And how many months, Jade, would you say? Rule of thumb, it takes somebody to go from, oh, I hate budgeting to, okay, I got this. You know, you should feel at least like it's something that I know how to do this in at least 90 days. You might not ever love it. It's a key point. Yeah. But you know, you'll be proficient in it in 90 days and don't expect the first budget to be great. Catherine, I've heard Dave RAMSEY said it out a million times. Yeah. Like this is a process and so you just gotta do it. You gotta just rip the bandaid off and go, I've gotta start diving in, which means I'm gonna have to change my spending. You said this was the first month, either in a long time or ever where you couldn't pay your credit card.


So I think that's coincided with this phone call. Am I right? Yeah. Yeah. So what Needs to change? And my daughter too. I just, yeah, my daughter too. I don't want her thinking like, you know, there's just an infinite amount of money we need to live With our means. Guess what? Let her see the budget. Show her. Yeah. Go. Hey, mom's making some changes. I want you to understand what I'm doing, but more importantly, I want you to understand why I am doing it and she ain't gonna like it. I've never met a 13-year-old who's really thrilled about you cutting some of frills or whatever. Yeah. So be prepared for that as well. But Catherine, I just sensed this entire call.


And by the way, I just want to encourage you, you've been through a lot and you've just, you've just feels like you've come out of a season where you have just been all gr grit, cold status. Yeah. And your body, your mind, your spirit are just fried. And I think you're going, I can't start a new discipline right now, and that's not the case. So be encouraged. You can do this. You've done it before, you know. Yeah. Come on. Believe yourself. We know you can do it. Cap we believe in you. And by the way, you have to, you have to. This, there's a lot on your shoulders and I know you can handle it. We're cheering for you the whole way through. Thanks for the call.


Call every customer you have. Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. Down truck. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.