
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, number one, bestselling author, PhD in counseling. Ramsey personality host of the, one of the most popular shows on The Ramsey Network these days. The Dr John Delony Show. He's here to help. And so if you wanna talk about relationships or crazy in your family, he's here to help with that. And we'll talk about your life in general. What we do around here is we talk about you right in front of you and we get paid for it. So thanks for hanging out. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five.


Ronald is with us in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey Ronald. What's up in your world? Nothing too much. how are you doing, Dave? Better than I deserve, sir. How can I help? So, I have a kind of a strange situation. My sister called me this morning and she was crying and she had told me that she had her car repossessed 'cause she didn't pay for her car for about four to five months. And she wants me to help get the car outta the impound and pay the full amount of her car payment to get it out of repossession.


Hmm. Wow. So what's going on in her life that allows a car to get repossessed? I think just bad money choices. She only makes $500 a week and I'm pretty sure she bought the car for 16,000 way over her income. And she's just been drowning in the debt? Yeah, She's single, I guess. No, she has a boyfriend, so I wanted to tell you that as well. So she has a thousand dollars. Her boyfriend has offered 2,500 to put towards the car and the balance is $8,000 after like repossession fees.


And she wants me to take care of the rest. Okay. Well, my rule on helping people is that I have to back up a minute from all the emotions and my, my heart. 'cause my heart wants to help her right now. She didn't call and demand, she asked and she was crying and she's scared and her brother wants to help her and I think that's all good. There's nothing wrong with her requesting this and nothing wrong with you hearing her, her heart on it. So my heart wants to help her right this second. I may not in a few minutes, but right now I do. And so then the, I have to step back from my heart and use wisdom, which says I want to do something here that is a help that when five years from today we look back, not five minutes.


That actually actually helped her. Okay. And so Number one, I assume you've got some money? Yeah, I have a, a good reservoir going for me. Okay. And are you married? I'm engaged. Okay. What would your fiance say if you helped your, your sister Not too happy about it. Why? Because I've helped her in the past and I spent. Okay, so there's a pattern. Yeah. That is, that the help wasn't help instead it became dependence. Exactly. Yeah. Which John would call you codependent at that point.


An enabler. I think John would say that. I think that's what psychologists call it. So yeah, so that's a bad clue. When you're, when your wife or your, in this case your fiance says you're not being wise, then that's something you need to listen to, assuming you're, you know, assuming she's just not mad at your sister for some other reason. But yeah. But so the money you gave her before didn't help. Yeah. It was you participating in her crazy world. Yeah, That's what I don't want to do again. So I I have one question. So at first I was thinking about, you know, helping her, you know, pay, pay to haunt her thing off and then her immediately selling the vehicle and then paying back everybody that she owes and hopefully has a little bit of money left behind so she can have a reservoir.


And then I even went on to offer to sell the vehicle and then she could drive my truck for however long that she needs it until she saves up her money. No, you think that's No, I wouldn't do that. We need to create something that's what we call sustainable At the end of the story, when we finish helping her, she can operate without more help. Okay. So what that probably sounds like is she sells the car, buys a $2,000 car and pays off all of her debts and goes into financial peace university that you pay for or I'll give it to her through you. And if in order for you to help her, she has to promise to do two things that help her.


One is she needs to go through this class and freaking learn how to handle money two so that this doesn't happen again. Two, she needs to sell the car and get a car she can actually afford. Oh, I'll add one three. She needs to work on her freaking career. She's broke. She's living at the poverty level. Yeah. She doesn't work much. Yeah. Or if she does, she's got the worst job on the planet. Yeah, that's that's what I told her that she needs to find another job to Yep. Yep. You know? Yep. So if you give her three or four things like that to do, what's she gonna say? I am not sure, honestly.


You know, she's been your sister a long time. Junior. I will. Oh man, that's a hard question. I I, I'm, I'm guessing by your hesitancy, you know that you're gonna put some things in front of her and you probably have most of y'all's life together and they're pretty low barriers to entry and they include a lot of support from her brother and she doesn't, she doesn't make the choice to, to do those things. Is that right? Yeah, a lot of the time. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with your fiance then. Yeah. I think this one she figures out on her own brother for her good.


Dave. That's tough love. No darling. That's love when you're participating crazy people stuff that's not love. That's just weakness. When people are doing stupid butt stuff and you help 'em, how are you helping them? You know, that's not, I'm not fussing at you Ronald, but people do this all the time. I do it, I have to catch myself. It's like going into the gym and taking the weight off the bar to help somebody lift. And then they get put in a situation where they need that strength and you've robbed them from it. And like Ronald, I mean, the world needs more compassionate people who will sit next to somebody who's hurting and say, I've got a path for you. But you've gotta, you've gotta meet me on this path and love, love this person enough to, to allow them to meet you and hey, she's not able to meet you right now.


That's Good. You know, let's, let's even, let's make this even harder just for the fun of it. Lemme tell you what happens, Ronald, when you get a car repossessed, you feel like someone stole something from you. It is a weird emotion. I've been foreclosed on when I went broke. I know what it feels like. It's a weird emotion to look up and your car is not in your driveway. You think it got stolen and instead it was just repossessed. Let her sit in that. Tell her no, you won't help her buy this car out, but you'll give her, but you'll buy her a thousand dollars car. You'll give that to her if she'll go through FPU. I love that. And then she's not gonna do either one. She, 'cause she wants her life back, her unreasonable life back. And when you don't help her with that, she's gonna react poorly and you're gonna know what's going on.


And if you buyer that a thousand car, you have to say, this is it. And you have to hold to that Done hold to it, fane over no mo money. That's it. You're gonna go through class and learn how to handle it. So you don't need me anymore. And you need to go get a better job so you don't freaking starve to death. This is how we talk to people we love. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Here's the Hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners D and ETFs distributed by four side fund services LSC.


Dr. John Delony. Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Sam is in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Hey Sam. What's up? Hey Dave, thanks for having me on the show. Sure. How can I help? So I'm an independent financial advisor and I use your investing strategy in a lot of accounts that I have for clients. I love it. You know, I've definitely seen strong performance with it. And so one question I sometimes come across is, you know, within clients 401k plans that they have, their investment options are often pretty limited.


So I was wondering with your philosophy, I try to follow it in there, but sometimes the international fund options are pretty lousy as you, as you know. So I was wondering if it's okay within a 401k plan to maybe follow like a less, a little bit less strict to, you know, the exact strategy and maybe just use like a large cap, mid cap and small cap fund and kind of nix the international. But I was just wondering, just wanted to get your thoughts on that. That's a very intelligent question by your customer. They're, they really, you've done a good job because you've taught them well to where they are looking at the track records because of the four categories, growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and international, the international category among those four underperforms, the other three dramatically including in my portfolio.


So I'm really impressed that they actually figured that out. That means that they were, that you did a good job teaching them to look at their long-term track records. So, so much so Sam that two years ago I had my personal smart investor pro that handles my mutual funds. I, you know, he and I are always bouncing ideas about our advice back and forth. 'cause there's nothing in the Bible about this. This is not a, it's a Dave idea, okay? It's not a right, it's not something that can't be wrong. It could be wrong. and I'm looking at it going, these internationals suck and I've got good ones. I got some of the, I mean, I got the highest performing and they still are underperforming the others. And so I called my guy and I'm like, Hey, let's, let's run some hypos.


Let's run some hypotheticals. You know what that is where you run them? You, you know, but for the audience, right? Right. That's, that's where you run. Go back 20 years, go back 25 years and say, what if I had run just growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and did not have international even go back 50 years and do that and run me some hypotheticals out on my four categories or the three categories without, and let's see if it makes, if the diversification even makes sense because over time the diversification should make you more money. You and I know that Sam, right. And it, and, and this category sucks so bad. I was just like, I think I may change my advice after all these years and pull it out. Well, we ran those hypotheticals out and the weirdest thing happened.


We made less money because in the inverse mar 'cause the, the, and I couldn't figure out why at first. And he and I finally traced it down. What we figured out is, is the internationals run about inverse of the others. And so when the market swings up and is doing real good like it is right now, the internationals are sucking wind. And that's when you notice 'em, when the market takes a dive down, the internationals hold or pick up. And that diversification then ends up making you more over the long haul as a concept. Okay. Now that's a different part. That's an overarching thing on the Ramsey advice of the four mutual funds.


So I, me and him came to the conclusion, it probably a good idea to leave it in there even though I, when I look at their returns, I just kinda wanna puke a little, you know? And so it's just awful. But anyway, so, but back to your particular thing. Anytime I'm inside of a 401k and any one of the four categories has only extremely weak, I don't know if I would leave it out. But I might not do fourth, fourth, fourth, right. I might do 10%. That was my question. Yeah. Maybe 10% in a weak sister and then, and then up the others to, you know, 33 or something.


Something, you know, that kind of a thing. Okay. But, or 30 it would be I guess. But the, something like that, I I, I like to have the flavor of that inverse relationship in there, if I can get at it. An example of that would be when we're making TSP recommendations, we do not tell people to do fourth, fourth, fourth in the thrift savings plan. We tell 'em to 'cause the, the honestly there, those indexes that they put in that thing, most of 'em are just horrid the sea plant. That's the problem. It's so bad. Yeah. Yeah. The sea plan outperforms everything else so drastically in the TSP that we finally said, okay, we're gonna do 80% C 10 international, or 10 I, which is their international and 10 s, which is their small cap.


And so 80 10 10 is our TSP recommendation. And that's a similar question to what you're asking about a particular 401k. Does that make sense? Yeah, no, that, that makes perfect sense. I guess that was primarily my question because like within count the accounts I manage, like we can go through fund selection and find something that's, you know, pretty decent for international category, but it tends to be tougher when, you know, the options are limited within a 401k Exactly. Or 4 0 3 B or something like that. Exactly. So that, that makes total sense. Yeah. That's more like the TSP in that situation. and I would just change the ratio somewhat. But again, you are obviously well versed in this stuff as an advisor and the, the thing that people forget is, is the power of diversification.


You know, having some money in different things is very important. So even if it's just a little, maybe we don't want quite as much Tabasco in there as we want other things, but we do need the, we do need the spice in there, you know, and my mouth just watered and, And Sam, I was gonna say exactly word for word what Dave just said, all that stuff about C funds, all I was gonna do Exactly that. Same that. So kudos to you, Dave. I let you take that one and just gonna run with it. And you're right on. Okay. That's good. Thanks John. That's good. Thanks for covering for me there. I appreciate it. Let me talk. That's good. The, we, we Gotta get some, we gotta get, you gotta get your voice back in this show a little bit. Yeah. What's what's interesting folks is the, the Bible does say in Ecclesiastes, spread your portions to seven yes to eight for disaster may come upon the land.


Now keep in mind, Ecclesiastes is not the positive thinking book of the Bible. Okay? Pretty much everything in there is the world's coming to an end. You're gonna die. It's The choose reality book. It's Great. Eh? It's worse than that. It's the, we're all gonna die book. It's the zombie apocalypses on the way. All the, you know, it's all this. So, but, but yeah. Choose spread your portions to seven, yes to eight for disaster may come upon the land. You know, fauci may come upon the land, the, you know, spread your portions to seven, yes to eight. Some people might vote wrong. Spread your portions to seven. Yes to eight. And, and, and that, in other words, diversification.


Not necessarily the four types of mutual funds I talk about. But not having all your money in one thing, your portions seven yes to eight. Diversification is biblical And I think it's important you said this, but to double click on it when you have a, what I call a fail safe or a stop gap, or we get a lot of grief for telling people to put an emergency fund in a high yield savings account, just leave it alone. It's not to, it's, it's to be there when you need it. I like the idea of there being a, what feels like a drag sometimes, but man, when the market goes south and this thing has proven over time to hold steady or to kind of buoy everything. Yeah. I like it. That's, that's discipline, right?


I keep doing the hard thing, even though I look at it and look at it and get frustrated, get frustrated, but over time it, it proves itself out. Well, when I was young and rash, I only wanted to invest in things that were going straight up. I I, that's right. But I, I See that. But now I'm old on Instagram and TikTok that that's They do that too. And they're gonna fall off a cliff. Right? Exactly. And so you would only buy an aggressive growth stock mutual fund then a small cap fund. 'cause The world's just gonna always be Yeah, it's always gonna be high tech. Yeah. You don't have that wisdom. It's gonna have the, it's gonna have the high tech in there. It's gonna have all the startups in there. It's gonna be exciting. But that's also the one that falls the fastest as soon as the market turns down. That's right. And then you'll be glad you got the boring growth and income, which is really seriously boring.


It's awful. It never does anything. It just sits there. Oh God. But you know what? I'm just glad you have it. When the market turns down. I was gonna say us is boring Being broke. Diet, nutrition being a good person, Mental health. What is that? The old spiritually, the worst part about being a Christian is that it's every single day you can never wake up on the first day of the month and memorize all five books Of, you know what, this week I'm just gonna raise hell yeah. This Yeah. Next week. I like the worst part about exercise is you just gotta do it again tomorrow. Yeah. And then again the next day. And you look up over time and you have a healthy life, right? Yeah. It's worth it. Yeah. It's worth no discipline. Seems pleasant at the time, but it yields a harvest of righteousness.


This is The. Ramsey, Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. This is Delony. And I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids. and I know they're not real. and I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams. But I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data, I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us. But comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/deone.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple Eight. eight two five five two two five. Well, you have almost missed it, but not quite. We're going to be doing the live like no one else cruise in March. And there is a handful full of cabins left. If you still want to go, you can still get in. It is a totally Ramsey boat. Yep. The whole thing. Nobody on there but people doing our live like no one else. Cruises. It's not a partial. The whole thing is us. It's all the Ramsey personalities all week long. Plus Monit Shohan from the food channel. She's amazing.


She's gonna be doing some cooking demonstrations and things. We're gonna have all kinds of events and seminars on the ship as we go around. We're going to Turks and Caicos, St. Thomas, Puerto Rico, The Bahamas. It's gonna be amazing. We're gonna have a blast. Stephen Curtis Chapman Dove Award winner, Grammy Award winner. Our friend will be there doing a concert for us. You're gonna love this and we'll be with you. I'll be on the boat all week long or the ship. Sharon says, quit calling it a boat. Well it's, it's a, it's a very large boat. It's a ship. So there you go. Hey, you can secure your spot with a $600 deposit before all the cabins are gone at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise.


We have not done one of these. This is the first one we've ever done. We attempted to do one and there was this little virus thing that kind of screwed it all up and it ended up getting canceled. 'cause we didn't wanna die on the high seas or something. So now this is, we're doing this thing and, and we're excited about it. March of next year. March 22nd through the 29th. John, this gonna be fun. I can't, I tell you what, I can't wait. It's my first cruise. You've Never Been on a cruise? Never been on a cruise. This is my first cruising experience. Wow. Well you're starting to hollering high cotton. 'cause this is like Holland America. This is not Walmart on the seas here. This is, I know this is Big dog. I'm, I'm a Walmart on the seas kinda guy. So I'm pretty excited about that.


Yeah, no this is, this is, this is good stuff here. You're living high. Good stuff. Hey we, it's to live like no one else cruise, by the way. That means you should be in baby step four or beyond. You're not supposed to be taking vacations if you're in one, two, and three. Getting out of debt and building your emergency fund. So, we want you to come and celebrate with us. If you've gotten outta debt, everything but the house and you're working either 4, 5, 6, or you're at seven, something like that, you're make you got a little money and everything's okay Now we got you away from the edge of the cliff. We're not trying to, to take money from broke people on a cruise. That'd be kind of backward, wouldn't it? So, no, we want you to come As a matter of fact you can aim at it. We'll probably do another one someday. 'cause this one's almost sold out.


So, but Here's a, here's a great idea. You're getting ready for school. It's back to school starts all the drama. Imagine just sliding over your spouse like, Hey honey, in March I got us taken care of. We're going on cruise. We're going on a cruise. Yeah, you probably should discuss it with her before you slide over there that we're doing it. But yeah, Way to go. Fun ruiner. Yeah, I know. I'm a fun ruiner. That's me. Don't make large decisions. That's a guy that's made large decisions and got hit for it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Turns out my wife is not into surprises. Who knew? Alright, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. That's how you do it. Anthony's with us. Anthony is in Omaha, Nebraska. Hi Anthony, how are you?


Good. How's it going guys? I'm a huge fan. Well Thank you. how can we help today? Alright, so I'm in, I'm a newer listener to the show and I'm on baby step number two. I got about $5,000 in credit card debt and a bed that we financed. and I also have a car payment that's $500 a month and I owe about 25,000 on that at 9% interest. So, my question is, I live in Sioux City, Iowa and I drive to Omaha every day for work.


It's about an hour and 40 minute commute. I'm a journeyman plumber in Omaha and my boss pays for my gas and maintenance on my vehicle, but I'm afraid that I'm gonna drive it into the dirt before the loans paid off. And the whole reason I started working there was because he told me he would get me a company vehicle and benefits and stuff like that. But it's been about a year and none of that has happened yet. So I'm wondering if I should switch and go back to Sioux City and work there really close to my home.


I could get a company vehicle and get rid of my car, pay off the remaining balance. But I would be making about $30 an hour instead of 40. So it'd be about a 30% deduction in pay. So my question is, I just, I don't know how I should handle it. Basically. When you make $30 an hour, where does that take you? In five years? Definitely. Definitely more than 30. and I don't know for sure. That's what they'll pay me. I'm just low balling it. But I, I would imagine it's gonna be around there. Why is it less? Same job journeyman.


Yeah, same job. The work, the demand for work is just higher in Omaha. There's not as much in Sioux City. Okay. They don't pay plumbers as much. But there are guys that, the company that I'm talking with that, that do make upwards of 40 or more. Okay. Alright. How old are you? I'm 31. Okay. I would not make the decision on a singular piece of data. Meaning your job, there's other parts to the data. There's your future. Where do you wanna be in 10 years? There's where I want to live. Are you married?


No. Engaged. Okay. And where is her family? Her family lives in Sioux City. Okay. What pretty high likelihood you're gonna be in Sioux City, right? Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah. That wouldn't be unusual anyway. I mean, unless you just decided to move. So if you wanted to, you know, make more, you could go to even a bigger city than Omaha. You all leave Sioux City. What does she do? She's a pharmacy tech. Okay. So she can land anywhere. and I mean you could go to Kansas City bigger than either one of those and let's just pretend make 60.


Okay. Right. So it's 60 40 or 30 based on the demand in the areas. 'cause Kansas City's a boom town. So, you know, I'm just making this up. Okay. But in the, in all of that, you're choosing to move away from her family and really what sounds like your hometown too. Right? So choice Number one is where do I wanna live? Okay. Where do you wanna live? Do you know? It doesn't really matter to me. I Like I know, but you're married her. Do you guys want to leave there or not? You know, No. Okay. Alright, so we're gonna live in Sioux City. Alright then that helps me a bunch because I ain't driving an hour and 40 minutes for 10 bucks.


No way. Yeah. Life sucks on the road that much. And yes, you're destroying a very expensive vehicle. This makes no sense at all. Right? So yes, you take the other job, but you don't even have the other job at 30. You probably walk in there and go, Hey, I got a car promised over here at 40 and benefits promised over here at 40. If you guys will gimme the same car and the same benefits. He's promising me. You don't have to say you got 'em 'cause you hadn't got 'em yet, but the other guy promised, I'm making 40 and he is promised me a car in benefits. If you guys will gimme a car in benefits in 40, I'm here, you'll probably get higher. Right? And then the question, then the question you're asking me becomes a no-brainer. You don't, you don't even have to think about it. I'm not commuting an hour and 40 minutes to make the same money.


No. Right? Right. So go see what you can get and then that answers your question. Okay. So what you're doing is you're proposing, you're giving me and, and John an actual versus a hypothetical. 'cause you don't have a solid second option yet. You need to turn your hypothetical into three different solid job offers. And then I think the decision will be instantaneous, John, that that's kind of a faulty way of approaching decision making, right? Yeah. I don't ever, like you said it best, I don't like ever making a decision based on a singular data point. and I also think it's worth, you're about to say I do, you're about to, to create something totally new with a, with another person.


I think it's worth asking that person, what do you envision our life like? and I can't imagine a spouse saying, well, I imagine you on the road for two and a half hours of that, of, of every single day. So you won't be around So. we can get married and I can just get your check. And so I yeah. Create a world where you can live where you wanna live and make that thing happen. Unless you just can't live in that city, like being a book editor in Manhattan, you probably gotta move. It's too expensive, right? Yeah. But man, I, I think Dave, I think you're a good journeyman. You can go to Sioux City and make it, make it happen.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and rider and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xander Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr do.com for instant online quotes.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. If you haven't listened to The Dr John Delony Show on the Ramsey Networks. It is one of the top podcasts in the world right now. And talking about relationships and mental health issues. He is PhD in counseling, so he's there to help you. Somebody told me this weekend, you're the America's coolest shrink. I accept that. That's, that's that. I'll Go with that. I Accept that I had rock and roll t-shirts, led Zeppelin t-shirts on your shrink. Right? I had a woman say, you know, you're the big brother I never had. and I thought that's about right. That's Kind of nice. Yeah, I'm the uncle and now I've become grandpa. You're Grandpa. Yeah, I'm The grandpa. You never had I was first. I was first I was the friend and then later as I went along I got to be the uncle and now I'm the grandpa.


But that's okay. All that's good. I'll take it. Steven is in Austin, Texas. Hey Steven, what's up? Hi Dave and John. Hey, I have a question. My wife and I have 30,000 in Apple stock burning a hole in our pocket and we have a tight structured lifestyle with three kids. and I would love advice on what to do with those shares. Okay. Well, anytime someone has any kind of a non-retirement asset, like mutual funds or stock or anything like that, I'm always going to use that to further them on our seven baby steps because we have now proven data after decades of doing this that that is the fastest right way to become wealthy.


So all that to say, do y'all have any debt? Yes. We owe one 70 on our house. We have a $20,000 student loan and then just a, a furniture loan of 2200. Okay. Alright. Well we teach folks the baby step one is to have a thousand dollars set aside, a little starter emergency fund and two is become debt free. Everything but your house three is to build an emergency fund on top of that a thousand that is three to six months of expenses. So I'm gonna use any assets you've got that are not retirement, including the stock to do that first and foremost. So paying off your student loan and your furniture loan today when you sell that stock, and I'm gonna use the rest of it to start building my emergency fund as fast as I possibly can.


And now that I don't have those two payments, I should have a little more room in the budget to build that emergency refund quickly. Hmm, I see. And here's how I know that also works. Do a little reverse engineering. Let's pretend you did not have a student loan and someone came up and said, you can borrow $20,000 on a student loan and buy Apple stock with it. Would you do that? No. No, no. You would not do that. I would not let you do that. That would be silly. Okay. And in, in essence, that's where you are. It isn't how you got here, but by not selling the stock and paying off the loan, it's as if you did that.


Do you follow me? Yes. It's the same risk portfolio, same risk analysis, same mathematics involved and all of that. And so yeah, clean it up man, and, and work it all the way through. So you're new to all this Ramsey stuff. Let me send you a copy of the Total Money Makeover book. It's the one that's the baby steps on steroids. It'll show you every little nuanced question about walking those steps and why they work. And you know, we've sold 10 million of those at this point. So, we know and we've had 10 million people go through financial Peace University also. So we know this process works and that's, that's, you know, there's any question that, that you can go that way.


And it's also, when you have stock like that, like just say Apple Stock or Tesla, it's, it's easy to say, I'm gonna use this for something great not to go back and pay for something I've already been a part of. Mm. But think of it this way, like, Steve Jobs just put you through school. Let's just be happy about it and move. Like, let's come up with some way to frame it. That's good. If, if 20 years ago, if, if someone said, Hey, Steve's gonna give you 30 grand to go to college, I'll take that deal. So it it, it, it's hard to pay for something you think you've already gone through, but you haven't paid for it yet. Let's just cash it out, pay for it, and let's move into the, into the future. Very good. Riley is in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey Riley. Hi.


how are you doing? Mr. Ramey? Great Brother. How, can we help? So I'm calling, I've been watching all your videos for a little while now and I wanted some advice on an engagement ring for my girlfriend As far as price goes, I'm about to graduate UNC Charlotte this fall. Congratulations. What's your degree in? It's actually gonna be in history. And the reason why is that was one of the closest things that I could get to finishing on top. Originally it was gonna be criminal justice, but my job doesn't care what my degree is in and they'll still gimme a 10% increase in my pay once I get through some of the training. Cool. What are you gonna do? I'm gonna be a Charlotte police officer. Oh good.


Thank you. Very cool. Yes sir. So the, the real question is how much should you spin on this engagement ring? Yeah, yeah. Well How much do you love Right now? I'm in kidding, Kidding. Oh, You didn't go There very much. So, So what, what, when will the, when will you be getting married? So it would, it would be next year. Probably the end of next year. Will you be a police officer by then? Yes, I'd be through the academy and they're paying me officer salary through the whole academy, so I'd Okay. And how much will you be making as an officer? About 65,000 a year. Okay. Alright.


Right now I'm in jewelry will often tell you Three months of pay, our rule is one month of pay. Okay. Five grand. Okay. Or less. Okay. That's how old are you? Yes sir. 23. Okay, good. And then I'll throw in some unsolicited advice. Diamonds and the furniture are the two things that are marked up the most that we buy in our twenties. High markup, big margin. So my point is, what you would pay for a one carat at a retail jewelry store?


You can probably buy that diamond for half of that. Okay. By snooping around and finding a broker. Now the danger in doing that is, and it can be dangerous at the retail store too. You, you're gonna invest $5,000 in something. You're getting ready to learn a little bit about diamonds as you go along. Okay? And meaning you're gonna learn about clarity cut, you're gonna learn about flaws, you're gonna learn about these things because you wanna know about it. If you're gonna spend five grand on something, you should wanna know about it. and I bought quite a few. My wife has several things that sparkle in her life. And so the but, but, you know, I'll, and this is very tacky sounding, and you would really need to have someone with you that knows something about jewelry.


If you happen to have a friend or a father's friend or something like that, that is in the jewelry business that would go with you. If you can find it at a pawn shop and it's a good stone, you probably can buy it and have it reset. You probably buy it for 25 or 30 cents on the dollar. Hmm. Like, I bought a, I bought a diamond for 12,000 bucks. That was easily a $50,000 diamond. Okay. Just to give you an idea. Yes sir. And, but, but I, I've been screwing around with it a little bit. I still wasn't completely comfortable with my level of knowledge to do that. So I had a buddy of mine come over and look at it with me. and I did know the guy that owned the pawn shop and I trusted him. He was actually a friend and a good, he's, he knows, knows the stuff too.


But I double I checked it two different ways and I grasped what I was doing so that, that can be kind of a little bit of a fun treasure hunt for you. So don't just walk in to the people that are Oh, he got it at Jared's. No thank you. No, he shouldn't get it at Jared's. You should never get it at Jared's. I'm sorry Jared, but whoever Jared is, bless his little heart. But yeah, that's the, those people that's gonna be like buying furniture at the mall. Okay? You're gonna pay full stinking price for it. No deals. You're in North Carolina, you know about furniture at deals, right? And so you run over to Hickory and it's 50 cents on the dollar, right? Yes sir. Okay. That's what I'm talking about. So poke around, learn a little bit about it while you're doing that and, and have some fun with it.


And if she wants to pick out a certain type of thing, that's fine. You can find diamond brokers out there that will look for it. I wouldn't break my back on this, but I also wouldn't just walk in there like sheep being led to the slaughter thing. You know, that Happened to me, man. You, you paid full time. I I paid full time for the first one. First one was 0.23, baby. Yes. We're talking a spec. Yes. Point two three, you can't even see it. That's What love looks like, baby. That's what love looked like when I was 20. Had no money. That's all the love. There was 1100 to 66 bucks in 1982. I'm just saying. and I remember those $56 payments too?


Wow. Unbelievable. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to myself, two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love The Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. This is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download The Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony, PHD in counseling, Ramsey personality host of The Dr John Delony Show, one of the more popular Ramsey Networks shows out there. And of course, number one bestselling author. He's my co-host Today as we answer your questions about your life and your money, Open phones at Triple Eight eight two five five two two five. So last week We did something I've never done before.


Well, to start with, we had a, the last grandbaby came on Sunday. So Daniel had Evelyn Grace, which is precious, and he has informed us, that's his last one. And the girls have both informed us. That's their last one. So. we have eight, we'll top out at eight and baby came at 11 in the afternoon. We flew to Washington DC after holding Evelyn Grace and took our oldest grandson 10 on his, apparently we do grandparents 10 year trips with each kid now. and I just found this out. So, we do this and we had Washington DC and touring everything, the capitol, the White House, the Tomb of the Unknown, the Marines at the Iwo Jima statue doing the drum and bugle corps with the snap rifle hole routine.


And he loved that. And if you don't come away, even in the middle of a political climate like we're in, if you don't come away from a visit from Washington DC when you're 10 years old feeling very patriotic, something's wrong with your grandpa. So grandpa made sure he saw and saluted and saw and understood. It was very fun. That's a very fun trip. And you know, in the middle of all this rhetoric, then I open up and I notice the post you put on Instagram of, okay, if you've decided who to vote for, quit watching this stuff. All it does is piss you off. Okay? Because all you, 'cause you're not gonna, no one ever said, okay, I don't know, would somebody help me? Well, I, I haven't seen one single post where there's someone like trying to weigh the issues.


It's somebody yelling at the other person. and I thought, I've never met a diehard Republican. It's like, you know what? You're right, I'm out. Or vice versa. Right? I completely messed this whole thing up. Yeah. So If you already know what you can vote for, just turn it off, man. Yeah, just Turn it off. So CNBC Princess article Is the US in a recession. Of course, we're in a political season, so the Republicans are saying that the Democrats have ruined the economy. That's part of running for office about three in five Americans think. So by most measure, the US economy is doing well and yet many people would argue otherwise. Roughly three in five Americans believe that the US is currently in a recession according to a new survey of 2000 adults by a firm.


See, I don't understand all this means is you, you people, some of you they got surveyed are freaking illiterate. Okay? Because a recession is not a feeling That's needs to be your post of the day, Dave, which I know you spend lots of time. Well, it's not contemplation, it's, It's, there's an economics. If you take economics and if you're gonna use words like recession, that's an economic term, you should understand the definition of the word is two consecutive quarters of the gross domestic product, which is the measure of all goods and services in the us Shrinking. If the economy recedes seeds shrinks by the measure of the gross domestic product, two consecutive quarters, we are in a recession.


If it didn't, we are not, it's a, it's a math thing. You don't one plus one. I'm not sure. I don't feel like it's two, I'm not sure if it's two. And my feelings matter. I Love the idea about the question. Even My feelings matter. Even the question, The question is wrong. What do you, what do you Do you believe we're in a recession? You dumb, but don't you know what this is It you Either is or you isn't. It's a math thing. Alright, this is John from the John. Delony. Show. Do you believe the sky is orange? Yeah. Three outta five Americans. They believe that. What Do you believe? Don't give a crap. What do you do? What do you feel? Believe some of you, people's parents are cousins.


I don't care what you believe. This thing, a recession is an economic term. You either is or you isn't there. It's a math measure. Now you can say, is the economy, do you believe the economy's doing? Well, you could say, do you think we're in a time of prosperity? Those are more subjective versus objective terms. Are you feeling good about things? Yes. Do You, are you better? The famous Reagan line, are you better off now than you were four years ago? That that's, you know, you could say I am or I aren't? And then you have to answer. The question that goes with that is, do you think Washington actually had anything to do with it? Which it usually didn't. If you're better off, it's not their fault.


None of 'em, all of 'em together, put together can't find a brain, okay? They can't balance their budget. If you ran your household like they run that place, you'd be bankrupt. So please don't tell me they helped you unless you got a government contract, you're not prospering because of them. So now moving on from that, you know, this thing, you know, so if you're waiting on Biden or Kamala or Trump or Vance or whoever to fix your life, your life already sucks. You got, 'cause you got your eye on the wrong thing, get you a mirror. That is your solution. So three in five Americans believe the US economy is currently in, I don't care, what you believe is, are we actually in a shrinking economy or aren't we?


Let me help you with this. The housing market, there's a shortage. Prices continue to go up, up. So guess what? Part of the gross domestic product is housing up. It's growing, not shrinking up. Wrong way for recession. Let me help you with this. The stock market is up 15.3% since the beginning of the year. Now I don't care if you think a Democrat did that or a Republican did that. In either case you'd be wrong. But nevertheless, the American stock market is up. If you had a million dollars in there at the beginning of January, you now have 1,150,000.


It's up 15.3% as of today from the first of the year. Now I, you know, that's not a feeling according, But Dave, my feelings are all that matters. Yeah. And this, this is the problem. According to a separate guardian Harris Poll from May, 56% of respondents said they believe the US is in a recession. Although gross domestic product has been increasing for the past several years, officially, the National Bureau of Economic Research defines a recession as a significant decline in economic activity that spread across the economy lasts more than a few months. Well, that's even wrong. The technical, we, we were, there's a technical definition. Freaking take economic, God, I got a degree in finance.


You. They make us take economics. Listen, we were talking nuts talking this before the show started, Dave, this idea that real facts don't matter. It's like, hey, gross domestic product has been going up. What do you feel like? I feel like we're in a recession. It's like, I know, but like I just told you the data, like yeah, I know, but my feelings are more important than the data. So I, I feel that that's correct. Yeah, madness. And please don't hear me saying that Biden caused this. He's asleep. He didn't cause anything, okay? He didn't cause anything. All they're doing is causing disruption in everything. And the same's true with the other side. So I'm sorry boys and girls, I, you, you're, if you feel like things are bad, it might be bad at your house and maybe there's some reason to do something about that.


Or all the talkers on your account might be having bad things going on. Maybe you should unplug the internet for a few days and see if your negativity wanes. Who knows? But let me help you with this. Affirm and CNBC recession's, not a feeling. Why is this hard? This is the mo than a feeling. Wow. There's a little Boston sleep in there. Is that Boston? No, it wasn't even close. That was Boston, not me. That song is Boston. But that wasn't close. That Was not close. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will with Mama Bear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley, if you think you're too busy, you don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus, if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until you are completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal like me, go to Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's Mama Bear Legal Forms dot com promo


code Ramsey. Dr. John Maloney, Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host This is The. Ramsey Show. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Thanks for hanging out with us. We appreciate you being here. If you wanna help us out, we can use the help. We really can follow the show on the format or the platform that you're listening or watching. Click subscribe or click follow. It really helps our numbers big time and 'cause it causes the show to be pushed forward with their algorithms and other people who don't know about it. Hear about it and it's the best promotion we get.


And also you share the show, A lot of these apps and platforms have a share button or a share feature and you can just send an episode to somebody and let 'em watch it or listen to it. I was listening to a podcast this week, A friend of mine was on Tucker Carlson said, Hey man, listen to this. and I sent it to another friend of mine just like that. And Tucker's got a great podcast that's going big. It's going zoom, zoom right now and so on. So listen to one of Joe Rogan's. It was going Zoom, zoom is really good. The Senate, you know, just share it. Just do you know anytime you read a good book, Jack Carr's got a new book out if the got the terminal list. He's read every one of his. And so yeah, I'm telling everybody, go get the new one. It's good. It's very cool. So Falcons brought me a copy of Jack's new book.


Have you seen it? I saw that he signed it And he shot it. Oh, I didn't see that. It's got a bullet hole in it. Fabulous. If you don't know Jack, he, he was a former seal. And so these are all, that's a good friend, like Navy Seal Books and they're like, you know, shoot 'em up, spy movie type stuff. And they're great books. Fiction obviously. And yeah, but so it has a bullet hole in it. It's amazing. I I, I may wanna do that with my next book. I think that would be fantastic. AB has absolutely nothing to do with the book, which his does, but I still wanna do it anyway. Yeah, that's pretty cool. All right. Kathy's in Philadelphia. Hi Kathy, welcome to The Ramsey. Show. Hello. I'm calling today with a question I can hope or I hope you guys can help me with.


My husband and I are considering putting in a solar array to offset our utility bill. and I was, I just wanted to like bounce the numbers off of you and see if it was a smart move with where we're at. Okay. Currently. Okay, so hubs and I are like between baby steps five and six, I guess. Like we have a substantial amount of money in savings, but we haven't earmarked that. Like specifically this is child A, this is child B, there's their college fund, they're pretty young yet three and five. We feel like we've got some time to, so you would Pay cash for the solar?


That's what we wanna do. Pay. Pay cash. How much is it For the solar? The unit's about 53,000. Okay. And what is the, what's the breakeven on it? They say they have it calculated out, and we looked at the numbers about eight years. We'd have it all back between like the ITC and our like state credits for Pennsylvania and FREC and those things. Okay. That's borderline. I usually look for a five to a seven year break even. And most of the time that you see that you're going to get that, it's gonna be in a area of the country that is a lot of sun. Yeah.


So, I mean, like, you know, a Phoenix, Arizona type of a thing, you're, you know, that kind of thing. You're not gonna, it is a little different than Philly and not Seattle, you know, that kind of stuff. So you just think about what you got. I don't know the technical parts. What I do know from the financial side is I've been doing this for 35 years. I've watched the solar panel efficiency as far as what's the breakeven meaning, what do you pay for it? How does, how quickly can it convert the energy? How efficiently can it convert the energy? Thus how fast it saves you money. I've watched the technology on that. It's probably five or 10 times better than it was 30 years ago. It's really come a long, long way.


It used to just be total crap. And now it's like, I actually endorse solar companies in a couple of cities that we have talk radio on. You know, and I'm fine to do that as long I don't endorse financing it, obviously, but, but generally I tell folks a five to a seven, your eight is borderline. What I might do is see if they're selling you some bells and whistles you could take off, that would still get you, that would get you down to the 40,000 range or so. And that might get you to a six or a seven year break even. Maybe they got you, you know, with a convertible in power windows. I don't know. Right, right, right. Absolutely. But, you know, check that out.


Learn about that. That's what I would do if I were in this situation. But I'd run one more company too. Have one more company come over and get a, give a bid and see what They're, that's a good idea what they're saying. That's a good idea. Well, We ran few companies and we actually have gotten from 75,000 down to 52,000. Oh, 53,000 by pitting them against each other. So, we feel like you're kind of, that's about where, I mean, I could bring in a third company, but I feel like at this point, you know, if we've come down 25,000 almost we're That's a good start. That's a good start. See, they got some margin in that crap, huh? That's cool. Okay. So I knew they were making bank, but yeah, I'm a fan of the technology. I'm not a fan of the, you're not doing this, but for the rest of you out there that they really try to force a payment plan on you and go, look, your payment is less than the amount you're gonna save on your electric bill.


No, that's dumb butt stuff. 'cause the things are attached to your house and then you're, you got a mess, you got a lien on your property, you got all kinds of mess. No, do not finance them ever. Do not finance anything ever. You're listening to Dave freaking Ramsey. Okay, so, but the but you're not doing that. But the, the vets for everybody else, the, the technology has come a long, long way. I will tell you this, Kathy, I think it's gonna go a long way further. So like, if you sell your house in seven years or eight years, probably what's attached to your house is crap. Okay? It'd Be like you had a 7-year-old computer or a 7-year-old cell phone.


You know how much further it's come along. That's the bera that's the pace of change in the technology. And so don't think this is gonna enhance the sale of your house. It's probably cluttering the sale of your house a decade from today. That's why I want you to get a quick break even on it because it's just, you know, what, what is a 7-year-old computer? A door stop, you know? It's what it is. You know, it's like what? It has to boot up, you know, it's like, you know, Where's the dos dis What Is this? What is this strange beach ball thing? You know? It's like, you know. So I even handed one of our audio guys an old iPod that I found and said, Hey, I want to pull the music off of it. 'cause my my, I don't let my son have a phone out in the wild, but I said, I want you to fill it with all country songs.


And this, he looked at me like I had just handed him a box of fresh dog turds. He's antiques. What is this? I don't know what to do with this thing. Fresh Dog Turds. Yeah. I probably could have used a better analogy on your radio show, Dave, but Our radio show. You're radio Show. There we go. Thank you. But yeah, it, it was, it was strange, but hey, he took it back and figured it out man. There You go. Well, because he's that guy. Alex is with us. Alex is in Tallahassee. Hi Alex. how are you? Good about yourself, Dave and John. Good. How, can we help? Yeah, I, my wife and I have a little scenario. We currently have own seven properties. One of 'em is my primary residence and then six investments.


The three of the investment properties are paid off. And we'll, we've been discussing about maybe selling two properties and selling two properties would pay off the remaining of the balance that I have on the four other properties that still have a mortgage on them. You'd be a hundred percent debt free, Including my primary. Yes sir. I would do that Right now. Today you Do that? Yes. Yeah, today. Okay. I, I love real estate. I love real estate, Alex, but I like being debt free more. I agree. And we were trying to hold onto the not sell properties and just add more to the portfolio just for our children in the future. But You'll be able to do that 'cause you won't have any payments.


I see. Yeah. The number, the how much you can stack cash with no payments to be able to buy the next one debt free and buy the next one debt free and buy the next one debt free. That's what I started doing about 20 years ago and I've got, okay. Quite a large amount of real estate now. Yeah. Can I ask one more quick question on the topic of real estate? Yes sir. On the property is once they're hour paid off, would you recommend I continue to keep the homeowner's insurance? Yes, Because I'm in Florida and homeowner's insurance is through the Roof. Well, it's not homeowners, it's fire and ec. It's not technically homeowners. Homeowners is for owner occupied only. But fire and ec I, you know, you gotta run the analysis on it. didn didn't think about you being in Florida. Ugh. A super expensive. You're right. Just run an analysis on it and go, how much of this pain am I willing to absorb?


What happened if they all got wiped off the face of the earth by a hurricane? What would you do? I wish you had insurance. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. That's what I'm, that's the, I run a worst case scenario through my emotional filters and see if I end up crying or not. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey Trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Thanks for joining us America. I'm Dave Ramsey, Dr. John Delony. Ramsey Personality is our co-host. Today's question of the day comes from Amanda in Connecticut. Amanda writes, my husband and I are in our late thirties and the only debt we have is our mortgage, which will be paid off in the next year. I'd like to start planning for baby step seven and where to invest our money when we get there. I listen to breaking Free from Broke by George Campbell and George mentioned that whole and universal life insurance are not wise forms of investing. I currently have three policies. One is a 10 year term, another is whole and universal and one has a $70,000 cash value. I have a 401k that is about 70 grand in it.


and I'm wondering what I should do with the life insurance policies. Should I keep them and keep paying the monthly premium or cancel some or all of the policies and put that money towards different investments or add the funds to my 401k? You can't add the funds to your 401k. You don't have a method for doing that. 401k is only payroll to deduct. So that's not an option. But George is right. Universal life. Any kind of life insurance that has a savings program built into it is a bad deal A hundred percent of the time period. And all you gotta do is run the numbers to figure that out. The average whole life or universal life sounds like this.


If you bought a term life insurance policy for 20 year level term and the premium was $5 a month, if you bought the exact amount of insurance with cash value, it would be a hundred dollars a month. It's 20 times more. What does the other $95 go to? Well it's obviously not for insurance. You can buy the insurance for $5. So it has to be going towards a savings plan. So what does a whole life life insurance policy look like? The first three years that you put 95 of your per hundred dollars a month into the savings plan you get nothing.


The cash value and a cash value plan, the first three years equals zero. You've obviously been doing it longer than that. You've got 70,000 in there. After that, you finally do start getting some return. The average whole life policy, according to much data that is out there in financial planning, not hard to find at all. 1.2% a year. So it doesn't even keep up with a savings account, much less a CD or a high yield savings account. Much less a good investment. A good investment would be yielding you north of 10, like a good mutual fund. Okay. Horrible rate of return the first three years. They keep all your money. The biggest problem with these policies is that you've paid an extra $95 per hundred dollars per month for this.


And if you die today, Amanda, the $70,000 that you have in cash value will not come to your heirs. They only pay the face amount of the policy. So let's say this was a $200,000 policy that you could have bought for $5. Instead you're paying a hundred for it to build up an extra 70. So now you have a savings account that the first three years you put money in the savings account, they keep it all after that. They pay you 1.2% and after that, when you die, they keep your money. No one would open a savings account like that. And yet millions of Americans have called whole life life insurance policies there any, the only people that still believe in this crap are the people that sell it.


Everyone else in the financial world just kind of laughs and goes. That's the payday lender of the middle class right there, baby. They are screwing you to no end. So Georgia's exactly right. It's crap. Crap crap. Now make sure you have the right amount of term insurance. If you need term insurance in place, you can go to Xander Insurance dot com. We've been endorsing them for 20 plus years. They're personal friends of ours. They do a great job, go over there, get you some term insurance in place, and then cancel this garbage. 'cause if you die before you get this canceled, they're gonna keep your 70,000 bucks. That's bad. That's expensive insurance.


So, and then take your 70 grand, pay it down on your house, get your house paid off as quick as you can. So if you find yourself here, you can go withdraw that amount, You can cancel the policy and they send you the check, But if you die, they keep it. Yep. That's so weird. Yep. Yeah. Well you lose the insurance when you cancel it. Sure. But Whoopty Doty, yeah. The insurance costs you whatever you're paying for it per month plus 70 grand. That's expensive insurance. And by the way, they are taking, they're paying you 1.2%. They're taking that and investing it and they're keeping the, Oh, lemme tell you exactly what they're doing with it. Okay. The primary place you go, if you have a commercial building to get a mortgages from a life insurance company, you wanna build an apartment complex with 500 units and it's $15 million.


You know, you go to x, y, Z insurance company and they loan the money out and it's seven 8% on a, it's, they do commercial lending with, it's their primary thing on real estate. So it's actually very secure. So They're, they're they're making the gap or they're keeping the building. Oh, definitely making the gap. Wow. They're definitely making the gap. Yeah. That's, that's, that's why their buildings are so tall. And your houses are so small. Exactly. It's a payday lender of the middle class. Kimmy's with us. Kimmy is in New Orleans. Hi Kimmy. Hi Dave and Josh, I truly appreciate you all taking my call. Sure. How can I help? Thank you. So besides being Christians, my boyfriend and I really look up to you Dave, and the lessons that you teach us financially.


We've recently been talking about marriage being in the, the future of ahead and God leading us. and I, I'm a business owner of a caregiving service and he actually works for the federal government. And I have this opportunity from one of my clients whose family members was one of our residents in our care, this client as a doctor. And she referred my company and my team and I to a hospital here locally. And she let me know like, Hey, look, I gave, I'm giving you a good review. Go there. I think your care should be in the hospital too. I think it's time for your team to scale up.


And so she was like, you know, may give you, you may have to put a bit of money towards a luncheon. She was like, but it's gonna be great far as your clientele list. And so restaurant, I'm sorry, why do we have to have a luncheon to do caregiving? So, so that I can sit with the, like 50 of the caseworkers and talk to them about it. Okay. Is that who makes the decision as to whether you get to be a caregiver? No, no. I I Who makes the decision? Oh, well, well they make the decision as far as referring us to the patients there. I know, but they do the, do they not have to have the permission of their hospital to do that?


No, it, it just comes through them from what I've been told. Like they handle that part. You mean like a nurse? What kind of caregiver? Yeah. Yes sir. So the nurses independent of the hospital that they work for, decide who they're gonna refer care to. N Uhuh. Okay. No, they don't, I don't think, I don't know anything about that world, but that sounds weird. I can't imagine. Well, there Were a couple of options that I would, given. I, I want to find out who the decision maker is. Okay. And I, don't I and I don't think your info's solid. So I want you to dig a little further. I might be wrong. Okay. I'm, I'm willing to be wrong, Kimmy. Okay, let, let's run down two scenarios. Okay? Let's pretend that the hospital administration determines who the nurses refer caregiving to, which would be logical to me.


Okay? Yes sir. But I could be wrong. Okay. In that case, you would spend a lunch buying them lunch, all three of them. Okay. Which would be like nothing. Or just having a meeting with them and doing a presentation and getting permission and endorsement to allow you to then meet with them. Now, if they give you the go ahead and say, okay, we will authorize you to and authorize our nurses to refer to you and you need to meet with all of them in order to build a relationship with them to get that referral going versus the other two people they can send it to. Then I would spend the money on the nurse with, on the luncheon with the nurses. Okay. Or option two is you find out Dave's wrong, which is highly possible here.


I don't think so, but it's possible. Highly. Just kidding. But let's say, let's say I'm wrong and the nurses actually do get to make the decision completely independent of their employer, then yeah, I would have, it's a, it's a prospecting lunch, you know, you're like buying a booth at a, at a nurse's convention is what you're doing. You're gonna spend a thousand bucks and go meet with those nurses. Yeah, I would buy 'em all lunch And I. I always do the quick math on how many of these need to convert. Yeah. Right. How many books do I need to sell to make this booth worth it? How many of these would I need to convert? And you're probably gonna be, it's probably gonna be not that, not that many. Yeah. I mean, if you make a thousand dollars on one customer and you buy 40 nurses lunch, all you gotta do is get one. That's it. And you're Okay. But if you make $10 a customer, that might not be as


good. It is way too easy to put off making a will. And believe me, I've heard every excuse in the book, but not having the time is one excuse we can kick to the curb right now. Because these days most folks can make a legally binding will on their laptop between loads of laundry. If you're wondering if you can make your will online or if you need a lawyer, we have a quiz to help you figure that out in less than five minutes, just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


wills quiz Ramsey Solutions dot com slash wills quiz. Hey John. Yeah, Dave Amazon Music. Just put up a huge Ramsey show billboard on Times Square. It's kind of amazing. Did you See it? No. See the pic, look at it. Is that pretty cool? Wow. We picked the best looking personality. I was gonna say, didn't put George on there, that kind of hurts. Yeah, George and Jade. Apparently we need a new that. Well Jade, you know, we Just took a new picture, but I guess they didn't have that with all of us in it, but yeah, Dude, amazing. That's really great. That's pretty cool. I'm, I mean, those things are digital, so it was probably up there eight or 10 seconds, but Somebody caught it and it, now it's forever.


Whoops. Yeah. Whoa, When you were a little kid in east Tennessee, did you think one day someday I'll be on Times Square, Gonna be in Times Square. Yeah. Surrounded by a couple of goofballs in Jade Warshaw. There you go. And the 8,000 other digital billboards. Yeah, but it's still, it's wonderful. Thank you Amazon music. Seriously, all kidding aside. No, that's fantastic. That's, That's what a what a thing. Very nice. Alright, McKenzie's with us in Dallas, Texas. Hi McKenzie. What's up? Hi Dave. Hi John. So my question for you guys is my mom asked me to help her plan for retirement and in doing So we met with a financial planner and they advised her to sell some stocks that are actually in my dad's name in order to pay off her debt.


and I'm not sure how to advise her because A, she'd have to, you know, get my dad's approval on that. And B, she's never really stuck to a budget. So I'm afraid even if she pays it off in all one fell swoop, that she'll just ReRack up the credit card debt rather than if she stuck to a budget and followed the baby steps and did a dust Snowball. I'm, I'm confused what happened where your dad, your dad and mom don't live together? Oh no, they do. Okay. So my Mom, they're not his stocks then. They're their stocks. Yeah. They just happen to be in his name. Consider It his, I'm sorry. Yeah, He considers it his retirement savings.


Yeah. I considered his house he's living in too. Oh, I Agree. She's wanting to pay off. Kind of interesting how chose to separate the two. Yeah, Yeah. That's bogus. So what we should be doing, your mom and your dad will be planning to retire together since they're freaking married. I agree. Okay. Instead of like, oh, this is mine and that's yours. That's so stupid because you're gonna use it up either way. Yep. I assume when he dies, his stock will go to her.


Yeah. And vice versa. Her house will go to him. Have they get married? No, they didn't get married late. They got you. So no, that's, no. Okay. So yeah, They're 10 years apart, so yeah. Okay. So he got married late. She got married Normally. Yeah. So I, I would suggest to this couple that they approach retirement holistically. That they're, that they should combine all of their assets and use those combined assets to create a combined picture of what retirement should look like and execute that. If I were doing that, I would sell his stock in about 20 seconds.


Her stock their stock and pay off their house. Yes. You should go into retirement with a paid four house. Absolutely. Yeah. My mom and we should be on a budget together and we decide on spending together. If we're not gonna do that, I really can't advise you 'cause you're already divorced, you just still happen to be living together. Yeah. My mom's afraid to tell him about all the credit card debt. She's racked up, honestly. Yeah. And so now you're participating in her deception. Yeah. I, I keep telling her to tell him because it's not my place to Yeah. Mackenzie, I spot In their marriage, Mackenzie, you gotta tell your mom, Hey, I gotta get, I gotta get outta the middle of this.


Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah. I think that's the conversation to have because she's not interested in your help. She's interested in you being Thelma to her, Louise. And this ends badly for everybody. John, let me ask you this. I, would it be okay to help, help mom with courage? Because obviously mom is intimidated as crap by him. Yeah. If, if he's abusive or unsafe Or ashamed Heck yeah. Or something, I would it be okay for her to sit in Yeah. And say, I'm, I'm gonna sit here with you while you tell dad everything and then I'm gonna strongly suggest to the two of you that you start acting like you're married from this point forward and combine things and develop a picture of what the future looks like. Yeah. But McKenzie, I'm taking it from the way you talk that your dad still treats you like you're 12.


No, my my dad's not really involved in the finances like at all. Okay. And I Except for the part where he owns the stock and doesn't anybody have it? Okay. Well no, it's not that. It's, I mean, my mom's retirement is like 10 times that. Okay. But my dad is like super, super frugal and he doesn't pay attention to their finances. And my mom's more concerned about his mental health if he sees how much debt they have that he might do something drastic for himself. Himself. Like she thinks he's gonna hurt himself. Yeah. Then she needs to call a professional ASAP because this ends poorly.


He'll find out. Yeah. That's what I keep telling her. I keep telling her that she just needs to be transparent. Well Here's what she's done though. She's, she has placed an incredible burden on her daughter. 'cause now you have to act for the safety of your father. If that's, if that's a real, his, his self-harm is a real threat and not just something your mom is saying to put off the, having this conversation. If you believe that to be true, then you have to act on this on behalf of your father. Do you, Do you believe that? Or you think she's full of crap? Just 'cause she's shamed? I kind of think she's full of crap. Yeah, I do too. I think my dad would, you know, have a, I think you'd have a coronary, but I don't think you'd be suicidal.


How much debt are we talking Credit cards are like 1 27 and then student loans they 24. Okay. And do they owe money on the mortgage? Did you say They took a cash out refi back when the interest rates are low. So they owe 300 on her house. Good lord. He knows that. He knows that he signed for that. Yeah. So how much is in her retirement? So in her 401k, it's about seven 40. Okay. And how much is in his stock? Two 70. Okay. Alright. So they got a million dollars that they can get to. I assume they're over 59.


My dad is. My mom's not. Okay. All right. So here's the thing. Your mom is trying to handle the budget by herself. She is incapable of doing that for some reason or another. Agreed. I think her, your dad helping her and working with her and the two of them working as a team have a much better chance of creating a sustainable environment for the next decade than her hiding things. Agreed. I even tried to start showing my dad the EveryDollar budget app yesterday. Yeah, you're on the track. You already knew what to do, didn't you? Okay, good.


Yeah. So your job now is cheerleader for your mom to come clean and then b, talk to your dad as forcefully as you can get away with and, and is as profitable to, everybody's gonna combine everything and we've got a million dollars to pay off $400,000, 450,000 worth of dad and we can move into retirement completely. Debt-free with 600 grand. And you know, I don't know exactly when she's gonna turn 59 or whatever. You gotta work that part through. But I, I think you're on track there. I think your advice from that guy was incomplete because he was only looking at the balance sheet.


He wasn't looking at the relationship. and I think we've got some relationship work to do that's more important than the balance sheet. Agreed. Just to reframe this for you, Mackenzie, what you just did was you walked into a room and realized your mom is having a pretty serious affair and she looked at you and said, don't tell dad. Yeah. That's how it feels. And that's very, she put you in a very unfair position. And so anytime somebody relationally puts me in an unfair position, I am going to do the the next Right. Honest thing. Yeah. And that's say you have 24 hours to come clean or I'm gonna do it for you. That's it. Yeah.


I'm telling you how I would handle this. If this happened to my house, I would tell my mom, you got, you got 24 hours, 48 hours. I'll, I'll do it with you, but we're gonna have this conversation or I'm gonna have this conversation because I can't be your secret bearer. That's not my job. Yeah. I don't, I'm not gonna be part of your deception. That's right. And your shame and your other dysfunction. So I think dad coming alongside, even though he is gonna have a bust of vessel and working together with everybody and applying his frugality to the budgeting process or keep another 127 in credit card from happening This is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships.


I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thank you for joining us. Dr. John Delony PhD in counseling number one bestselling author many times over and host of the very popular Ramsey Network production The Dr John Delony Show where he helps people with relationships and mental health issues of all kinds. And we're here to help you with your life and your money. The phone number's Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jessica is in St. Louis. Hi Jessica. how are you? I'm doing well Dave. how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up So? my question is, my husband has a child from a previous marriage and we have a child together and I think I would like to ask that our son inherit 75% of our home's value, meaning my 50% and then my husband's 50% would be split 25.


25 between each of the two children and I plan to purchase multiple properties in the years to come. And I'm good with splitting the additional properties. 50 50 between children. Why do you consider this? Why I think I feel this way? No, I mean why would the others be 50? The 70. I got your math on the, on the 75, 25, that math I understood. I don't understand your math on the 50 50 given your position. So I think Both are wealth, it's just, I'm sorry. Both Are wealth. Yes. I think it's because it's, it's our first one and we're getting really close to paying it off and I trying to protect my son's future.


And not that I'm not trying to protect my stepson's future, but How's your relationship with the stepson? Wonderful. How old is he? 20. 20. How much How long have you been married? Oh gosh, 15 years. Okay. So you've been involved in raising him for 15 years I guess at some level A little bit. He, we lived in different states for a while, but you know, obviously we would see him as much as we could. I have to say, man, this, this is tough. This, this is gonna, I I think this is gonna put more weight on your son than you think it's going to be pretty, pretty divisive.


What are you worried about protecting your son's future? What do you, what do you think's, I mean, you obviously have wealth, you're gonna go buy more properties. Walk me through what you're thinking here. So a little bit of background is like, I didn't, I didn't grow up with much Sure. Very humble beginnings and I made certain decisions to change the trajectory of my life and the fu my family's future basically. So I think I just wanna protect that a little bit and good for you. I certainly Don't That's understandable. Expect my stepson's mom to, you know, leave my son anything and I'm happy to leave my stepson something, but I think I just have these strong kids.


Your stepson's mom is not married to the father of your child, right? No. She's not in the same position you're in. No, That's not, that's apple. Apple and oranges. Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. So, okay. I don't know if it's unreasonable. Here's, here's what we did with our kids. Our kids are grown. Okay, here's what we did with our kids. We were more concerned for their future. A higher indicator that they're gonna have a good future is their character, their integrity, their work ethic, their values. Were people of faith.


So are they walking with God? Those are indicators that they're gonna win regardless of what money we leave them. And if they don't have those things, if we leave them money, it's just gonna make them a bigger moron. Okay? Sure. A well-funded moron. And that's what you do if you leave kids that aren't. So you're the, what you've done for your son or what you do for your son, raising him to be a man is 98% of this formula. 2% of the formula is what money you leave him. And because of your upbringing and I grew up around a similar situation. Not exactly like you probably, but, but I know the, I know the mentality because I, it's the neighborhood I grew up in.


In those situations we, if we're not careful, we tend to place rich people place more value on things that last and less value on money because they know they can always get money. They have a, an abundance mentality. When you come from a scarcity situation, you tend to have a, you have a tendency to believe that the the house or the money from the house has more power in your son's future than it actually does. Does that make any sense? It does. And I'm not worried about either of them. Okay. Both of them have great character. Okay. and I know that they're gonna be fine in that respect. And I, I'm sorry to preach at you, but that's how we looked at it at our house.


Now, given that No, I understand. Given that then my only concern about your formula would be if it separates your son from his brother in any way. Oh gosh. Yeah, Because I'm more concerned that the two of them love each other all the way into eternity than I am. Who got 25 or 50 or 27% or whatever book rep. Okay. And do not leave the house to them leave the house to be liquidated and the money to be split. You do not want them owning it. 75 25. You're asking for them to not like each other. Okay. That will end in as so at our death, the house is to be sold 25% to him, 75% to him, and all the other is 50 50 at our death.


Liquidated or Salva or whatever. That's fine. As long as you have talked to both of them ahead of time. How old is your son? 10. Okay. He's not quite old enough to talk to you about this, but no, the older one you can talk to and say, I love you deeply. You are 50% mine. I mean you're, you're 25% mine. This one's 50% mine. And so this is what we're doing with this and this is what we're doing with that. And we want you to know that you and your brother, our primary goal is for y'all to maintain relationship. Yeah. And the only other thing I would add in the calculation and I gotta tell you Jessica, for some reason it's just not sitting well with me.


and I may not have all the details. If you and I were to sit down and have some chips and salsa for an hour, you could tell me more about it. But along those choices you said, 'cause I like, I'm like Dave, I'm like you growing up was that money was real tight and it was, things got scary sometimes. One of the calculations you made as you begin to make changes saying never again in my family line is you married a guy with a 5-year-old, that's also one of the choices you made. And so you've been a part of this young man's life for 15 years. If he in no way calls you mom, if he in no way calls you like he doesn't see you in that maternal role, that's one thing.


What's your husband think about this? Well that's, that's why I'm calling to get your advice. I have not posed this to my husband yet. 'cause I wanted to see if it's even, is it an objective ask? Is it unreasonable? I don't It it's not unreasonable to talk about it. It would be unreasonable to die on the hill and it would be unreasonable if it causes a schism in between the two brothers. Those would be my caveats because the amount of money is not worth the, the juice ain't worth the squeeze. Yeah. If you're gonna mess up something else in the deal, if even if it messes up your relationship with a 20-year-old, I wouldn't do it. But, 'cause when me and my wife are gone, man I want my son and my daughter, I want her to get along to Be ride or die together.


Yeah. My kids were all doing a cookout this weekend. All three of 'em, all eight grandkids without me. That's what I want.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget. It's like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play a Dr. John Delony. Ramsey personality is my co-host today the best way to make the most of your money is by creating and sticking to a plan. It's known as a budget. The best way to do a budget is the app EveryDollar. It is free to download at EveryDollar dot com for Google, for Apple, on your desktop, whatever you wanna do. The app store, the Google Play store, whatever you wanna do. You can keep a pulse on your spending. You can work the baby steps the right way. You can do it in conjunction with your spouse. The EveryDollar app. Tens of millions of people. Can't be wrong. You should check it out free Download, the EveryDollar app.


Megan is in Austin, Texas. Hi Megan, how are you? I'm doing well. how are You? Better than I deserve. What's up? First off, thank you so much for taking my call. I am on baby step two or we are, me and my family and I was curious. I started the envelope system when I was 19 and in the Air Force and I fell off for a few years there in the middle. I am now 33 and I'm trying to get back on the program. And the last six months has been paying off debt. But I'm struggling with going digital specifically with syncing funds. Like my insurance, my car insurance, I pay every six months but, and I. So I save $170 a month for that.


Are you using EveryDollar? I downloaded EveryDollar and I have failed to start doing it yet. Okay. Let me give you the upgrade. That's a charge that we charge for that connects you to your bank, makes it super easy and it's got a, a feature in it called paycheck planning that'll also help lay out which paycheck pays which bill, not just which month. Like if you get paid twice a month, I put cable in the first and I put water in the second half or whatever, that kind of thing, right? And so you, you, it helps you lay that out and it's got an advanced sinking fund feature that'll really help you do this. That's what I would recommend.


I'll pay for it. I'll give you a year of it free and get you upgraded and yeah, get you in that, that that'll do it. And then if you want to, what I would do there is just get away, get away from stuff like Christmas and car repairs. But now if you wanted to use the actual envelopes for grocery shopping, I'll come clean and say Sharon Ramsey still does that with cash. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I love that. 'cause I do a lot of gig work, so I get cash in, but it's just, I, you know, I'm trying to, to be more digital. My husband's very digital, so it, it, it, I think it would work better for our family, but I have just Been fight the system, Megan, it just Ends up being in the account and I spend it, Fight the system.


Megan put in an envelope. Yeah, I mean you stuff that you're gonna do regularly. I I would, I still like to see the actual green stuff laying on the counter because it makes me remember I'm actually spending money and that. So groceries in particular, that's the biggest one I did. I fought it for years because when I first started this, of course, no one paid for gasoline at the pump. You had to walk inside and pay for it with a debit card, a credit card or cash. And so it's very easy to keep my gasoline on, on a cash envelope as well.


Now I'm too lazy to walk in. I just pop the debit card in there and pay for my gas, right? Like everybody else at the pump. But the, but so a few things like that have shifted. But yeah, groceries, Sharon still runs pure cash on it. And, and I'm perfectly cool with that. There's something cool about, I still walk around with a bunch of hundreds in my pocket, you know, because I, I I, there's times I want to tip with cash. It makes a difference when you're tipping. I want to, 'cause when people see real money versus a digit in their little computer in their hand, I don't, I might not at a restaurant if I'm paying with a debit card, I'll just add the tip to the debit card. I don't mean that, but like a valet a, a hotel made or something like that.


I'm a hundred percent I'm gonna use cash. So I'm always the one to have some cash in my pocket for giving and tipping those kind random acts of kindness, that kind of stuff. And occasionally just a big old thank you, you know, it's, but anyway, all that to say that EveryDollar app will help you a bunch. The syncing fund feature in the advanced version, the upgrade version and the paycheck planning. And it helps you with the baby steps. It helps you with everything. So I'll, I'll help you with every bit of that. We'll pay for it. Hang on. Christian will pick up and we will get you assigned up to that. Lee is in Tampa, Florida. Hi Lee, how are you? Good. how are You? Better than I deserve. What's up?


Okay, so we live in southwest Florida and we are trying to buy a house. My husband and I, we got married kinda late. I was 34 and we just had a baby. We have a 1-year-old and we still can't afford to buy a house here. We're renting for very cheap from my parents. And they actually offered to let us buy this house from them for a very cheap price. Yet we still couldn't afford it. And my husband is, well what Do y'all Make from Alabama? What do you make? I'm sorry. What do you make? He makes about 90,000 before taxes.


That's bull crap. You can afford a house in Tampa making 90,000. Absolutely you can Car You're Telling me people you have to make more than a hundred thousand dollars a year to live in Tampa and buy a house. Come on. Well, by the time, I mean his, his health insurance is pretty pricey. He is a diabetic and just groceries and the price of living. We're pretty much living paycheck to paycheck right now. How much is your car payment? We paid cash for our car.


What other debt do you have? We have zero debt. Something's wrong with your formula, darling. I'm serious. You can live in Tampa, Florida on 90 grand with health insurance and with a diabetic and with children and afford groceries. I mean, you guys, you're, I don't know what you're putting your money. Is he loading up his 401k also? I'm not sure. Every paycheck is about $916 a week. That's $4,000 a month. That's $48,000 a year. That's not 90. That's not take home pay from 90,000.


Something's wrong with your formula. Are you getting a huge refund? He's putting money in something. Yeah. So your problem is you're trying to live on 48,000. You're not trying to live on 90,000. Taxes on 90,000 are not 42,000 bucks. Right. There is no income tax in Florida state income tax. Okay. So you need to f y'all need to find out where your money's going. That's your problem. Right. Your take home pay is tight. I'm not gonna argue with you there. Okay. So you're running all your stuff on 48 grand or actually 47 grand when you really get down to it.


But anyway, the, and and yeah, that would be tight. So I wanna know, know where his money's going. Well he, his salary is 75,000 but he usually takes home about 85 to 90 depending on his bonuses. The bonuses. He is a project manager at a construction business. How big was your tax refund last Year? So the 90,000 is, I'm sorry, How big was your tax refund last year? I think like 1500. Okay. You're still missing some money. 75 doesn't come home with 47 even then.


And then the bonus on top of that, that's, that's not as bad as 90 coming home with 47. But you're still missing some money. Okay. Because you can run, run your taxes out. You shouldn't be getting a tax refund. That 1500 though. I was, I guessed five grand. That's what I was gonna that's what I guessed. So I'm still looking for a thousand to $1,500 a month that's missing in this equation. I want you to find that before you start asking these other questions. 'cause I think you've got the wrong, you've come to the wrong conclusion that someone making 90,000 can't afford to live in Tampa, Florida. Yeah, I don't, I don't know enough to know about it. I I just, I'm hearing the calls all over the country. We can't afford to live here.


We can't afford to live here and I know in. Certainly Well get, get off of Instagram, right? Yeah. And just, I, I just don't dunno enough about it. Get off of TikTok. I mean you can afford to live in Tampa, Florida making 90 grand. Yeah, I, you know, I don't need Facebook to tell me otherwise. I don't need Instagram to tell me otherwise. Especially With a special deal from Dad and I and I don't need some whiny other version of my generation. Whatever my generation is and every generation has a percentage of whis. It's not exclusive to any generation. I don't wanna hear it. I'm sorry. You can make it easily and prosper.


This is The Ramsey Show Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate. With all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Etan and Jamie are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Doing Good. Doing good. How About you? Did I mess your name up? No, No, no. You got a spot on. Got it. Good. Okay. Excellent. Because I wanna make sure, 'cause I, I'm classic for messing up names around here. It's like a running Dave joke how bad I am. Okay, cool. So Etan and Jamie, where you guys live? Auburndale, Florida. It's right next to Lakeland, Florida. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Love it. Good welcome. How much debt have you paid off? 235,850. Wow. Yeah. How long did that take? Four Years, seven months. Good for you. I love it. And your range of income during that time?


It was somewhere about 50 when we started. Two 50 last year. Whoa, nice jump. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a vet tech in a small clinic. I'm an airline pilot. Ah, okay. So yours has gone up, the airline's gone up. Yeah. Yes. Vet tech didn't jump. 200 grand. Yeah. Okay. No, no. Okay, That's good y'all. Wow. What kind of debt was the 2 36 Mos to? It was between college and flight school. Okay. Alright. And then the rest of it was pretty much credit cards and then our van. Okay, so you were like normal plus some flight school? Yep. Yep. Yeah. Wow. Ouch. But then you got the job and you laid into it. That's Right. So Tell us your story, what happened four years ago? How do you do all this Ramsey stuff?


What happened? What's the whole deal? Well, I think the story starts a little further. Back 2016, I was working as a flight instructor. When you work as a flight instructor, you don't make much at all. I mean, you're poor, like swift shampoo poor, right? And so back then we were already counting pennies. And one of my students, his dad is a, a captain at Barrett and I went up to him to ask him for advice, you know, for career advice. And I'm thinking he's gonna tell me things like, yeah, go get your resume done here, get this certificate, get the such type rating, whatever. But no, he's, he looks at me and says, control your money. And I'm Florida. I don't know what to say. Right. No. Control your money. 'cause here, here's what's gonna happen. You're gonna, you're gonna get to your 1500 hours.


Anybody that's been in flight, notice what I'm talking about. 1500 hours before you can get a, a job at an airline. That's a magic number. And then you'll work at a regional making bit better than flight instructor, but still little bit. And then second year gets better. And then when you get to captain, he told me stay living like a first officer. And sure enough, that's what, that's what we did. And, and I'm so glad that we, we did that actually that was Yamil shout out to him. And that right there, that happened 2016 and that same night that he's telling me all this advice I ran into you Brother Dave, your YouTube, this one where you basically blew a gasket where you're saying the Number one wealth building tool is your income and when you give it out to credit cards, you don't have it anymore.


And I'm Florida 'cause you're talking about all the trouble that we were in credit cards and student debt and flight School and everything Yeah. And all that. And that's when the, the spark started. But during that time it was mostly me trying to make traction and I was the slow one. Yeah. And then we couldn't really make any traction up until we both got together. And then most of 2018 it was marriage counseling and things like that. We, we had to get it together marriage wise before we can we, before we could make any progress with Yeah. With that freedom, Jamie, what was the breakthrough on that? What, what, what happened that caused you to decide I'm gonna do this?


I, I finally took back over my mental status. I had had trouble after having our two kids and everything and being a stay at home mom, I needed a little bit more. and I got back into the workforce after that and seeing how passionate Etan was about it. And him just leaving the little Dave Ramsey quotes here and there and hey, I'm watching this on Dave Ramsey on YouTube and this, that, just the little things. It was finally like, you need to do this. And like I said, once I got my mental health back and I was able to focus more on my family, focus on our marriage and realize this is what we needed to do. We needed to make a better life for our kids. They, they didn't. So you had to do it from a position of strength? Yeah.


Mental health wise. Yeah. Yes. Okay. That makes sense. Good. I that's, it's amazing how many people sit down to do this, like the quote unquote get outta debt and realize we got some things we gotta work on both individually and together so that we can take this adventure together. 'cause four years doing any project with anybody is hard, much less paying off debt and saying no to things and sacrificing. Especially when you're making a big fancy pilot's income and everybody at work, when you roll into the vet's office, they see the car you're driving. Like, isn't your husband a fancy pants pilot? And you're like, yeah, we gotta, we got a different Kinda mission. Yeah. But this thing's paid off. That's Right. You're still The Payments on your car now you got it.


That's right. You gotta, but you gotta go with that mindset. That's right. Yep. Very good. Good job you guys. How's it feel to be free, Free Weight off the shoulders, so much weight off the shoulders. Yeah. And when we sent to the last payment, when we clicked last payment, it felt like I lost a hundred pounds. Right. Right there and there it was. It was beautiful. But it's interesting that you say freedom. That that right there was one of the things that drove me to, to do this was our, our sense of freedom. 'cause see we do, we do genealogy. We know who our ancestors are and both all over the, the continent, north, south America, all over, all over this side of the world. We have the same story where our grand grandparents, great grandparents, they fought off tyranny, fought off European tyranny.


And even in this country, we have little history of overcoming slavery and like the, the scripture, you always quote the borrower slave to the lender. Hmm. I thought about my, my ancestors and all that struggle they did for us to have freedom and all of that. And here we are in the first quarter of the 21st century, just giving it away. Just so you can have a TV on payments off of Amazon or Best Buy. It's, I I I was ashamed when I saw it from, from that perspective and I no, I wasn't gonna have it as far as me and my family. We are, we're gonna have, we're gonna be free.


Yeah. We're gonna have freedom. We're not gonna piss our freedom away for some stupid object. Nope. Alright. Yeah. I like that, that's noble right there. That's amazing man. That's cool. Yeah. That's cool. So what is, is your, is your country of origin something other than the us? I, I was born in Chile. Okay. I grew up in Salt Lake and now we live in Florida. I gotcha. Okay. Alright. Okay. Very cool. Amazing. Well done you guys. Alright, what advice do you have? Somebody's watching and they're going, okay, we're not really on the same page and we got a big old pile of debt and my husband's driving me crazy with these Dave Ramsey YouTubes and matter of fact, I'm starting to hate freaking Dave Ramsey.


And what advice have you got for them on what they should be doing to get out of debt, Be on board with your spouse, like fix whatever it is that maybe making that crazy and then just keep at it. Keep that persistence your minimum. So your minimum payment's, $230, pay that 240 to that 250. You may not be paying off a bunch on the principle, but you're still paying it there. And eventually you're gonna pay that one off. And then you can take that and add it to that next step and add it to that next step. That snowball, that snowball ain't no joke. Yep. It works. Once it starts rolling, nothing stops it. I love it. Once you get that gazelle intensity, once that snowball starts running, you've got it. And pray.


Pray together. Pray. Pray it. It truly turns night today. Yes it does. Pray. It does. It really does. Well congratulations, you two, we're very, very proud of you. Very well done heroes. You took control of your life and now here you are making a couple quarter of a million dollars as a pilot, vet, tech, and two great kids. What are your kids' names and ages. Bring them up, Hailey and Isaac. Kayley is eight and Isaac is 10. Alright, have they been practicing their debt-free scream. Yep. Yep. Alright, a little bit. Ready to go. Here we go. Baby. Game on et Etan. Jamie Isaac Haley. 236,000 paid off in four years and seven months from 50 to two 50.


Income. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We, yay. Woohoo. That's how it's done. ladies and gentlemen, that's how it's done. This is The. Ramsey Show. Our scripture today, Proverbs 1921. Many plans are in a man's heart, but the council of the Lord will stand. Henry Ford said, thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it.


What were you thinking? I wasn't, that's good. I like it.


Hey, selling or buying a house in this crazy real estate market right now is a wild thing to do. You need a pro in your corner. If you're gonna buy or sell right now, somebody who has actually done it before, a lot that is high octane, high protein, high performance real estate agent. If you want one of those. We have vetted thousands of agents around America. They are endorsed local providers. We call them Ramsey, Trusted real estate agents. If you wanna find out who we recommend and who we vet and who we coach and who follows the stuff we talk about and is really getting a lot of work done, they're not a beginner. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent and you can find a Ramsey Trusted real estate agent for free.


Drew is with us in Seattle. Hi Drew, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hey, good afternoon Dave. Dr. Delony, thanks for taking the call. Sure. What's up? Hey, quick question. Well, first off the Bible verse, you guys just spoke that that was, that was really speaking to I think my call, but I just had a question for you. Is it possible to be a successful businessman but to also be a successful family man and I and I? Can I can kind of refine that a little bit more and, and give you kind of my background of where I'm coming from. My what Would make make you that is not possible? Well, well right now I'm working, I'm working with my wife to try to come to a middle ground on, on our, on our side business.


And obviously, so I heard the last caller, one of the guys was a pilot. I too am a pilot. I work for the major airlines. My wife is also a pilot. And, but a few years ago we started this, this side business that's been doing really well and there's just, there's a lot of potential in it. And, and, but my, we're we're coming to disagreements on if, if we should really be doing the side business. It's a, it's a seasonal agricultural business and for the about two months that we, that we operate, we're, we're bringing in about 75,000 on average. And so, but there's, there's a lot of potential for it.


But, but my wife's argument, 'cause I I want to give her side of the story too, is that she doesn't like that the time it takes away from the family So. we, we've got 2, 2 2 months a year. Well, yeah. and I, what Do you, what do you have to do on the other 10 months? Well, so there's, there's a lot of planning and because we've, so we've been in business for about four years. There's, you know, the growing stages. I mean, it, it, it probably consumes my mind a little bit more than I should, which I've got, I've gotten much better at not bringing it up at the dinner table. 'cause she's told me, she's like, okay, I don't, I wanna hear about it, you know? And so, and, and I, I kind of have this guilt for I'd say for about six months outta the year, you know, leading into the start of the season.


You know, it, it, it's a a little bit busier at home for me. You know, I'm definitely balancing, you know, my time, you know, between family and be, because I'm an airline pilot, you know, it takes me away from home, which, you know, I mean, that's already kind of, that's already kind of hard on the what do you make Family, but what do you make as a pilot? Well, right now it, it, yeah, I make about 120,000 next year. About 200,000. And then it just keeps going up. I I just started at the major airline and so, and my wife, she brings And how, how old are your children? We've got a 15 month old, a 10-year-old and then, and then one on the way.


And so my, my wife's my wife's argument is we don't need the business. And, and I agree with her. Like, it's not, it's not needed. But, you know, I listen to the Entree Leadership podcast a lot and I just, I have this desire, like I love flying. It's something I've done for a long time, but I, I get so much fulfillment and joy out of, you know, running a business and, you know, figuring out solutions and making things better. And, you know, I I just, I enjoy that. I have a lot of friends that do it and it just, it intrigues me. And so What is the business? What are you, what are you growing? So what we do is we do bird abatement for agriculture solutions. So people who own vineyards and, and different types of farms, they, they'll hire us, they'll contract us out and we show up and we, it sounds kind of funny, but we use model aircraft and we kind of play cat and mouse with the birds all day.


And So, we have a, we have a team generally about 15 people. And so, and we, and we had an opportunity, we passed up a, a large, about a $900,000 contract in Arizona. You should have and, and rightfully so. Yeah. You weren't, you weren't prepared to take it on. No, all let me, lemme tell you, lemme tell you what I'm hearing and lemme talk back at you, what you told me. You have a pregnant wife with a 15 month old. Your house is insane, Right? It's, it's busy. No, it's when I'm gone. Insane. I mean, it's, it's chaos. Yeah. There are very small humans taking up large amounts of calories from both of you.


Yeah. And you're flying model airplanes at birds. Right, Right. And she's over it. Well, not she's over it. She's, she's she's got her gut full man. So it's not that a businessman can't be a good family man. It's that the timing of your side business, given the stage of your family sucks. Right, right. You got a lot of crap at home. If she was sitting with two kids in, in elementary school and, and they were somewhat able to dress themselves and go to the bathroom by themselves and stuff like that. Right. Then it's a whole different world. I mean, I got, I got grand babies at this stage when we keep 'em, it's a dadgum chore.


Yeah. And I love them. I love them, but it's like work and stuff, you know, I mean, right. Well, and so the last two years, so, 'cause we, you know, we came up with a compromise and So, we started hiring managers. And so last year we tried it out, it worked pretty well. And then this year we pretty much had the managers run the whole operation. and I mean they did a much better job than I thought it was gonna be. And so I, I mean, and the thing about being an airline pilot, it's like I do most of my administrative work, my computer work, like when I'm gone, that's, that's one nice thing. It's like I, I'm sitting at a hotel, it's like I'm gonna get this done. So when I'm, when I'm home, I don't have to, you know, I don't have to focus So much. That's not the point.


That's the point. Drew. Drew's Not the point Drew, your wife is asking one question, do you love me as much as this side hustle? And I'm going crazy right now. and I need your help. Right. No, I do love my wife. I Know you do. I know you do. But She's asking you that, You're trying to show her how much you love her by creating a business and creating extra money and extra margin. And she is saying, do you love me? Right. And Dave and I are both, I mean, you're not gonna meet two guys who like working. I think both of us love work. But here, Dave say there's a season to this, it's the winter time and you're like, look at these cool shorts I just made. And she's like, they're great, but it's freezing outside. Yeah. I got a 15 month old.


I got a baby on the way. And You by, by the way, all of this spells hormones. Did you know that? Yeah. We've been, we've been working through the Yeah. Hello. Quite a bit of post postpartum. Yeah. I mean that's normal. It's not, it's not not bad. It's just life. Yeah. She misses you man. Right. Yeah. You need to be there hugging babies, changing diapers, not flying birds. Yeah, Not right now. I mean, I want you, I want you to run your own business, drew, but you ask us a question, and the question is, yes, you can be a successful businessman and a family man, but the spouse has to be able to carry whatever weight that you're not carrying and you're asking her to carry more than she's willing to carry right now.


and I don't think she's being unreasonable. Little babies and a house full of kiddos is chaos On top of a $200,000 a year salary And she's flying. And so, and her 80, he was saying so about 300 grand they're gonna be making next year. And the question that she's asking which question my wife asked, when is enough enough? Yeah. I in other words, she's saying for $75,000 a year, I'd rather have your help. I'd Rather have you Yes. I'd rather have your help right now. Right now. And and it might not. It that might, I'm telling you, you might be three, four years and you, you can either restart this or take back over some of the management. You gotta, but you gotta offload all of it or most of it to be able to manage your help, manage your house right now.


That's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. You're working two full-time jobs and you've got chaos at home And your wife has a full-time job. Yeah. Oh, by the way. Yeah. Right. Wow. Three full-time jobs. Right. So you, you're not a bad guy, you're just, your timing sucks. Yes. And it's kind of a deceptive question. Yes, you can be a man. Yes, you can run a successful business and be a good family man. You can't do 50 things at once. That puts us out of The, Ramsey Show the books. We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace. And that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus.


Hey folks, Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download The Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows all in one place like The, Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money, and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home. Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download The Ramsey Network app today.