
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author, Jade Warshaw. And we are here to answer your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five and we'll be talking about your life, your money, relationships, career, anything and everything. All Right. First up starting us off, we have Joseph in Boston.


Hey Joseph, Welcome to the show. Thank you so much. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, so my wife And I, future baby step millionaires, started on these about a couple months ago And we also had our first daughter about five months ago Ago. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thanks for God. It was waiting quite a while. Oh, that's great. So my question is, I kinda came to a revelation in the discussion with my sister the other day about how all of us siblings are kind of not very good with money, haven't been historically just disciplined with money.


And it's weird because we both had very frugal T-P-A-C-F-O parents. And so kind of tells me that just being good with money isn't enough to kind of impart that. And I not, I love my parents. I'm not blame blaming them for everything, but just something about our childhood. We just didn't get that knowledge kind of instilled enough in that discipline and that prudence with money. Mm. And I'm just kinda wondering, kinda wanna break the cycle and what's the best way when my daughter becomes of age, like how to kind of teach her that without being too strict. Sure, sure. You know that, I think you bring up such a good point because a lot of people assume that if you're like, I mean I'm assuming they're both savers, probably very frugal people.


Is that right? Your parents? Yeah, they were frugal. We weren't, we weren't spoiled. We just never really suffered. I guess we, we were a very comfortable, very comfortable childhood. Okay. Yeah. And they were already, if we asked them about something, and especially this is true later in life, to ask them their financial advice, they were really open about it. But just there was never a really concerted effort to like teach us at like at the time when we were most, I guess a little sponges. Impressionable, yeah. That information. Sure. And do you feel like they missed the mark from the tactical side, is what you're saying on how to like budget and that kinda thing? Or do you think the spirit around money? 'cause what I was hearing you kind of say is as CPAs and as people that are good with money, sometimes those people can lean on the end of being so frugal to the point where there's like a, not a level of hoarding, but they hold their money so closely that they almost can enjoy it.


And if you don't have this well-rounded spirit with money, it can kind of cut you like, you know what I mean? Yeah. You go the opposite direction. Yeah, yeah. You wanna go the opposite direction. Yeah. But they, they weren't like that either, I think. I think it was a communication issue. Like we, they weren't, didn't seem to be frugal. Like we, I mean, I mean they were, they were, I mean they were smart with money. They seemed to, to handle money really well. And they weren't like hoarding anything. We asked them for something like they paid for college. But we just, I guess there was just never a lack of communic communication about money. Well, Let me ask you this. What areas specifically do you feel like you were missing? And what are those areas that you want to pass along? Was it, like Rachel said, was it budgeting specifically? Was it the dangers of debt?


What was it that you feel like, man, if only I'd known that that would've really, really helped me? And that's the thing that I wanna make sure I hone in on. I would say, I guess, yeah, I mean maybe the, the, And I don't know, it's, it's kind of, it's kind of a little bit of everything, but I guess, okay, yeah, the dangers of dead is, is huge. But kind of just I guess being disciplined, like yeah, just being like willing your money to go somewhere. Like the best advice I got from my mom was when I was in college and she'd say when I embarrassingly ask her for more money. And that was another thing too, she'd give me money when I asked for it in college. Well, but Yeah, I think the best thing you can do, I, I mean I'm, I'll speak to it from one area.


I'm sure Rachel will speak to it from another. So I, my kids are young five and seven and right now the most important thing that I can teach them is like the value of a dollar, right? They're va money comes from hard work and there's a value on that. And the value is not unlimited. The value is to the extent at which you work, right? So that's the most important thing I can teach them right now, if you work hard, you get money. The more you work, the more money you get. But it's not infinite. You Go to the store, there's a price tag, right? So I'm teaching them that, hey, one thing really equates to the other. And what comes along with that is they realize, oh gosh, I got $5 from doing this work and the thing I want might cost $7. So now I have to now wait.


So there's the delayed gratification that I'm teaching them. So I feel like at a younger age, those are things that they can pick up on. And truly, I do feel like that's one of those things that you do have to teach. It doesn't really just pop up in conversation. You have to teach them that. And you can do that through chores and through commission and that sort of thing. And then as they get older, yeah, there's other principles like budgeting that you start to teach. And then as they get older, then you start teaching them about debt. And honestly, my son has already kind of asked me about debt and like, what does it mean? And yeah, you can start to say, it means you borrow money from someone and you have to give it back to them within a certain period of time and this is the way it makes you feel. So all of that, I think obviously they do learn by watching you, but there there is a deeper level that when you can explain things further, they're gonna understand it on a deeper Level.


Yeah. And I think, you know, there's in my head too, these like layers of money and what it represents because, and even on this show, I feel like the calls we get, it can be so layered. So like at one end, I want my kids to know, And I feel like my parents did this well from a how they, how they actually handled their money. And also what they communicated is like, And we, we were people of faith. And so there was like this like very, very high level that everything we have is not ours And we are managing it for a greater good. And that's God in our, you know, in our faith walk. And so there's almost this way of, of having money be something that is bigger than them because we live in a world where it's so about me, I use my money for me, me, me, me, me, me, me.


And there's something a higher calling almost in this. And, and so that, like, that's a very high level, right? That's the very top overarching and that there's a spirit to that. And there's a way we make decisions as a family. There's a way we talk about money, the way we view money, and it's coming through that lens. So that's a pretty like high level view. And then there's kind of that next layer, which is what Jade was talking about, like delayed gratification. You know, I would put contentment in there. I would put gratitude in there. It's almost those emotions around money. And there's fear around money. There's greed around money, right? There's a lot of these ties to who we are as people and how we view money from our emotional standpoint. That plays a really big part in this. And, and that kind of plays into that more tactical layer, which is that bottom layer of how we, how it actually looks like us handling it day to day.


How do we earn it, right? Just like Jade was saying, we earn it through work and teaching 'em that we, we give money, we save money, we spend money And we do all three of those things as well-Rounded people. We need to do all three. We don't wanna spend everything we make, right? Because then we end up spending more money and money that we don't have. And we go into debt because of that. So we only spend what we have. We're always being generous And we're always giving, we're always saving for something. We need that delayed gratification. And, and you know, and that even gets down to as they get older, saving, you know, is talking about high yield account, you know, late market accounts and high yield savings accounts and mutual funds and investing and you know, you get into like the really tacticals and that's very age appropriate. But I don't know if that helps Joseph. But I kind of see those three layers for me is something that I think about with my kids because money is complex.


I'm like, it's not just the dollars of cents. Very complex. Yeah. We wouldn't have an interesting show here on the, that's that's, it's just that like, it it is, there's a lot to it and, and a lot to it is because it's us, the people that are actually handling it in our character. So those are kind of the, I don't know, those are just my thoughts. I don't know if that helps Joseph at all. 'cause it sounds like from what you were saying, your parents did a pretty good job. They're, I mean, you know, everything you said didn't have any red flags, but maybe there's kind of these deeper meanings that you were wishing you had more thought about earlier in your life that maybe helps then play into the tactical side. So I dunno if that helps, but I love that you're asking the question. 'cause I think it is an important topic to model for our kids and teach our kids


Statistics show that half of Americans don't have enough life insurance or they don't have any at all. I don't understand this, John. Why don't people wanna take care of their family? They think they're gonna die or something. Well, I used to be one of those guys, I didn't even think about it. And one of my buddies said, Hey, the only reason to not have life insurance is if you hate your wife and kids. And I immediately went and got term life insurance. That's a gut punch. And oh, you're telling me. And for, for decades Dave, I've sat across people who've lost a spouse, they've lost somebody important to them. Me too. And they don't know what to do next. Me too. I mean, terrifying. You're gonna have a crisis here and you know, you got two options while you're sitting and talking to a young widow. She's concerned about how she's gonna invest all this money properly and not mess this up. Or she's concerned how she's gonna eat tomorrow. That's exactly right. These are the two options. And term take care of your dad. Gum, family man Term life insurance can replace income, pay off debts, cover funeral expenses so your family can actually have the opportunity to just be sad. Yeah. To just miss you. That's Exactly what it's supposed to be. It's saying I love you to your family term life insurance. Jeff Xander and the team at Xander Insurance makes it easy and affordable. I've used them personally for 25 years. They're the only people I trust. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Up next we have John in Tampa, Florida. Hi John, Welcome to the show. Hey, How are you? We're Doing great. How can we help? So I just had a question regarding debt and how I should go about it. I'm currently, me and my wife are currently 310,000 in total debt. 180 of that is in, in our home. So we do have some equity in there. So my question was, should I or should we entertain the idea of selling the home to pay off all of our debt? I understand there's probably gonna be a few thousand left. We do have a little savings that we, we could use to, to tackle the rest of that and then start from scratch or should I keep the home and then just slowly start knocking off about 130,000 debt that we have besides the mortgage, What are your incomes Household pre-tax?


Probably about 1 20, 1 31 20, Okay. And can you go, can you kinda list through the different types of debt that the one 30 consists of? Yeah, so there's a HELOC and that's about 49. There's some private loan and credit card for 28. I have student loans for 24 and then we have two car notes each about 15 left and then just some furniture. That's about three. Okay. What, how do you feel about the house? I, I would not look at this and go immediately we're selling our house. I kind of feel like that's a last ditch effort unless there was some other reason around this. Maybe if you were thinking about moving anyway, or this was something that was coming up kind of naturally, I might consider it.


But in this case, you know, you're in debt to the tune of how much you earn, which is sadly very normal. I think we come across that a lot. So in this case I'd be thinking, okay, how quickly do we wanna get this done and what's our plan to do that? How are we gonna increase our income for us to make this happen? Right. Yeah, a hundred percent. So the cars, I'm looking at them, I, I'm guessing that you're probably going to keep them. You can tell me more about 'em, tell you can tell me what they're worth and what you Go Yeah, So I, I drive a 23 Elantra. I probably have, if I could sell it right now, probably 18. So I'm positive on the upside on that about three K I'd say. Okay.


And my wife has an SUV, she had a good down payment on it, so I'm sure she's also on the upside on the equity. Do You have kids? So that, that's one of the main reasons why I'm just rethinking everything we do have a baby girl on the way, which is super Exciting. Oh, congratulations. Okay. Okay. That's great. Yeah, I mean it's great that you're right side up on these. You could consider downsizing them. I don't know that I would, what are the payments on both of them? 400 for the SUV and then four 15 for my sedan. Wow. It is a lot in payments. I mean it's $800 a month there. I just don't know. I mean maybe you keep one and do the other. That's a beater. You could consider that.


And then go Ahead. Do y'all have any money saved John put away? Yeah, I'd say probably about like 10, 15 grand. Okay, Well there's some money there. Yeah, you can drop that down. You know what I, because the baby's on the way, we always say to kind of go in this stork mode, meaning I love that you're thinking about it and that this kind of was the motivator behind feeling like we gotta get our crap together 'cause we're about to raise a human. But we always say when you are expecting just to actually pause paying off debt, but with the same intensity be saving. So the goal would be to have a pile of money and then when baby comes, which I guess you guys would be due what? February?


October actually. Oh, Oh so soon. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you guys just like, just found out. So yes, no, it's been a couple months. Oh, gotcha. So just between now and October just some stash, some stash, some money away. But create a plan as if you are paying off debt. And then once mom and baby are home and everyone's good and healthy, then take what you had saved and throw it at the debt. But What I'm seeing here, And I'm just, it would be up to you guys, John, 'cause as you guys kind of work through and kind of figure out, you and your wife will sit down and just say, okay, how much extra money could we earn? What could we cut out of the budget? You know, we earn, you know, one 20 that's pre-tax. So what we actually bring home is, you know, around probably one a hundred and what if we tried to live on 75 And we th you know, we threw 35 this year And we made extra.


Like you guys can sit there and kind of formulate, you know, make up different scenarios of how you can get outta this debt faster. And then whenever you do that, I think it's always interesting. Cars is like the number one place where you can sell and get ahead. So I would see, okay, how many hours extra will I have to be working? Or how much longer will we have to cut lifestyle in order to keep this $30,000 of debt versus you guys possibly selling this, you know, selling both cars. I'm just saying as an example. Yeah you could, you have three, you know, around 3000 each. You have 15,000 saved. So what if you threw, you know, an extra three at, at each and you went and got a six, $7,000 car each, then that takes $30,000 John o off the table of debt and frees up to Jade's point almost $850 a month extra now to continue to pay off debt that much faster.


So it's kind of just a trade off of yeah, time, energy, money. But whenever I see the cars, it's always where I go where I'm like hundred percent man, you can just jump so far and, and get hundred percent get that much faster with these assets. There's also the other conversation that I think of when whenever somebody calls and the wife's having a baby and that's kind of sparking things, do you think that she's gonna wanna stay home? Is that what you're, I mean obviously the end goal looking down in the next few years, the plan will be for her to stay home. Okay. If it's possible for now, I think in the, in the assume maybe a couple months after baby's here. Yeah, we do have a good support system here where we are okay.


With our parents being around and, and siblings and whatnot. So we've got plenty of help there. Okay. So yeah, that's, but you know, when you mention the house, my, my brain always goes to that because a lot of times a couple will go buy a house based on the two of their incomes and it's like, okay, this is great. It's 25% of our salary, then suddenly one of those salaries dips and it's like, oh crap, this mortgage is suddenly very expensive. So that's kind of the equation that I am looking at is, is that if that's what you foresee happening, then maybe the, the what you were talking about comes back on the table, but I don't know, I'd have to know more about your mortgage and what you guys' plans are, but that's something you do need to be thinking about and talking about. 'cause we would say here that once that mortgage creeps up above 25% of your take home, that's when you're really gonna start to feel it.


Especially when it's greater than 30. You're really gonna start to feel it. So that's just something to keep in mind as you guys plan going forward. Yeah. And out of her one, out of the one 20, how much is hers? It fluctuates a lot. I'd say maybe like 50, 60? Yeah. Okay. So it's almost half of it. And how much is the mortgage payment a month? Mortgage is actually very good. 14, 15. Okay. And you guys bring home what, a month? Maybe around eight, nine. Okay. So you're good now. Now that's great. But you're good now. Hey by the way, I could just tell by the way you were searching for those numbers before you get off, we're gonna make sure you have EveryDollar so that you can plan for EveryDollar.


Yeah. You know, EveryDollar that's coming in and Out the budget. Yeah. The budget really will help you guys, John. I mean honestly do a really, really detailed budget and start cutting stuff because when you're living, when your dink's making one 20 Yeah. You don't realize the lifestyle creep that really does occur. And as you go through and see exactly where is my money going? Mel Robbins actually had a video about this on Instagram. Yeah. Someone sent it to you. That was good. She was like, I remember printing out ev my entire bank statement And I was highlighting all the crap Yes. That I bought that I didn't need. And she was like, And I, my, that was full of like a highlighter. Like what could I cut? What do I need to cut? So it's that kind of mentality, John, from an expense stand standpoint that you guys really can, I mean, and, and honestly, what's what's great, And I always get encouraged when, when you are motivated to do this.


I mean for you guys, you know it's a one 30, we'll just pretend 130,000 of debt. Pretend the cars are gone. Yeah. Just for fun. That's a hundred thousand. Yep. You guys are at one 20, you're bringing home probably closer to a hundred. 90 to a hundred. And if you guys, and if you earned extra John, even a thousand bucks a month, you guys could be outta this in like two years. So it's really not cra it's, it's not like you guys are gonna be in this for seven to eight years, but you have to be really dedicated to do some really intense sacrifices from the lifestyle standpoint and earning some extra income. But it, and for you, especially between now and October, because that's gonna be the sweet spot when the baby comes, it gets much harder. It does.


And from all aspects to, to do this debt free journey. But families do it all the time. People have babies during their debt, you know. That's right. Payoff process. But but you guys stock away a ton of cash, John. I would be working extra doing what you can and then map out a plan and, and write these debts out with your wife. Look at your budget and just say, how much extra can we throw at this debt and how fast is it for us to get out? Because I think you guys can do this in two and two and a half years. Yeah. Yep. Very good.


Most phone plans are like bad roommates, unpredictable, always asking for money, hard to get rid of and they never do the dishes. But Boost Mobile, totally different story. It's just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data, no contracts and no weird hidden charges. Just 25 bucks a month forever. That's right. The $25 price will never go up. And if you're still skeptical, I get it. That's why Boost Mobile offers a 30 day money back guarantee. So try boost. You'll love it. Or get your money back. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.


We are thankful for all the, the new listeners and watchers that we've had on The Ramsey Show. This show has really done very well from a numbers standpoint the last couple of years. And that's because you guys, and partly because you all have subscribed, you leave reviews and comments and all of that and that always helps boost and get the show in front of other people that don't know about it, which we want because we want to help people when it comes to their money. So we're always grateful for that. So continue to subscribe and leave a review, share episodes with your friends and your family and continue to help spread the word about getting in control of with your money and common sense. Yes. In a world that doesn't have a lot of it these days. So that's what we like. All Right. Let's Go to Nicholas and Grand Rapids.


Hi Nicholas, Welcome to the show. Hey, How are you doing? Thanks so much for taking my call. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? My question is, I recently got married in this last year and I'm considering going back to school to finish my degree, but I'd like to keep working full-time while doing that. And I guess my question would be what's the balance between working full-time and doing school full-time? So looking at like a 70 to 80 hour week with balancing like kind of the new marriage and just not wanting to neglect those responsibilities. Okay. What are you going back, like what's the end goal here?


The end goal would be, I have a four year degree right now And I can go back for one more year and that would really help me with pursuing my degree. I'm trying to become a licensed architect and so Okay. If I go back for one more year, I can significantly advanced my degree. I can get licensed and so it's important for me to go back. Yeah. But I'd like to, I have a full-time job right now and so that's also important to me. So I'd like to, I'd like to do both if it's feasible. And so there's, there's sort of this, this crossroad between hustling now for kind of a more secure future and kind of gain a better paying job, but And it's just for a year? Just for It's for one year. It's for one year.


Yeah. You could do that two Semesters. Yeah. What's your wife saying about it? She's a little bit worried that I would be too busy. She's also studying, she's also studying architecture. She's just finished right now. And So I think she is sort of very in tune with how busy it can get in school. And So I think she's a little bit nervous that, you know, 70, 80 hours could turn Into more. I mean the worst, what's worst that happens? You, you start the program, you realize I'm very busy. Like too busy and then you cut back on some of your work hours. Would that be possible? I believe it would be possible to cut back on work hours. I would probably just have to have a conversation with the boss.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean the only reason I'm kind of okay with it, Nicholas honestly, is 'cause it's one year. Yeah. I mean if you were talking about doing something for four years or five years or you wanted to, we get this call sometimes I'm like, oh my God, were they, they just got married and they wanna move states away from their spouse Oh gosh. To work. So like start a job. Yeah. I mean like some, some really like long term kind of bizarre decisions where I'm like, no, no, no, no, but this necklace has an end date. So that always gives me hope. It's not like, hey, I'm taking on this extra schooling And I don't know, I, if I get this, I may have to do this. It's not like it's this never ending black hole. There's a clear start and stop. So you guys would just have to be on the same page of saying, Hey, can we do this for a year?


And I think, I mean, yeah, I think you can do anything for a year. Yeah. Do it now while you're still Yes. Just a couple before kids come involved and yeah. All these other things. How are you paying for it? Are you working your way through? Is that, Yeah, that's sort of the idea. I mean, we have a little bit of savings. We're not really in debt. So the idea would be I would be able to pay for it just by continually working. That's, that's sort of where that idea came from was don't go into debt by you just, you just keep working and pay it as you go. Now when you say that's the idea, I just wanna know that that's actually the plan that you've put really put thought around like the numbers and everything in it sounds like you're kind of guessing at it. Oh No, we're, we're pretty, we're pretty regimented with the budget.


We've been listening for a while, so Okay. We've got it pretty all mapped out. So the work in the 40 hours a week would be more than enough to, to pay it as we went. It's just sort of the Time. Yeah. Just the sacrifice of time. Yeah. I think it's worth it. Short-term sacrifice, long-term gain. That's the way we'd say it over here. So Yeah. And it is, I mean a year fe yeah a year feels long but it goes so fast. Like so fast. Right. So that's, that's where I think, yeah, I don't, I don't know. And then I don't know in my head too, I'm like, we talk to people that have that go that are deployed in the military. Sure. And they're gone for nine months at a, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like people, people do this kind of thing and, but yeah, on a new marriage I think it's really wise that she needs to be bought in.


I think she needs to maybe hear from you ways that you guys wanna stay connected 'cause Yeah. You don't want your marriage be on the back burner by any means. That's right. But I think, I think you can healthily do both. And again, I'm saying this because the timeframe is so short, so, but What would be the other option? I mean we didn't really ask you if you didn't do this one year thing. What's the other option? I think the other option would be we save up for another year in order to afford going back to school while not working, which would basically just push the timeline back by another year. And you know, ultimately a salary boost from getting licensed would get pushed back another year.


So what is the salary boost getting pushed a year? It would be probably 10 to $15,000. Like just by finishing. That's great. Yeah. Does she have a preference on A or B? I think, I think she's, she would like us to look more into doing it slower over time. I think I'm a little bit more adamant about getting it done just 'cause like you said, you know, God willing we could have a a kid whenever. And So I feel like we have, we have the time to spare now. Yeah. It's just a matter of, it's just a matter of pulling the trigger and kind of using that time. I will say, I mean I, when you first said it, I I was more along the lines of yeah, just do it.


I, is it something you could feasibly do? I mean working a full-time job and being in school full-time is no, like, that's not a cakewalk. Would you be able to meet the requirements fully of both? I think So. I think I am pretty confident in my own ability to do it. I just, I guess the question was more around the impact on my wife. You know, I think I can handle it, but yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to step back from that and be like, okay, I can handle it. But I think you guys just put effects that I don't think I can see. I think you guys put some guardrails in place. Right? And, and because here's the thing, if you start this program, let's say you get the first semester in and then you get, can you, can you reevaluate after the first semester and then Absolutely.


Yeah. And then, yeah, So you do the first semester you guys kind of have that check-in, how do we think this is going? Can we do another one? And if everybody feels good, you green light forward and if you guys have hit some Yeah. Yeah. And if she throws a red flag after the first semester, you need to listen to her, you know, 'cause you're kind of, if you choose a, you're kind of choosing your way, which again, part of marriage is a little bit of that Right. That that's right. There's some things we just kind of give and take. I'd rather not, but you want to like, you know, but I think that that gives her, give her a lot of weights and after that first semester to throw a flag if she needs it. And I, and you need to really, really, really listen to that if she does is what I would say. I think that's a great point, Jade. Yeah. So Yeah. But I think for you guys, guys, that's great advice.


Thank you. You guys have been married for how long? We're coming up on one year on June 2nd. Okay, so still newlyweds. Yeah, it's still very new. That's great. Yeah. So I think you know things and it sounds so kind of tactical and like, not romantic, but having things in the calendar of like, oh yeah, okay, let's map out and on this Saturday let's go and we're gonna take a day trip here. We're gonna like do some things that are earmarked throughout that year so she knows and can feel like some relief in the schedule to have time with you and, and, and plan those things ahead of time. Right. It's not like this like spontaneous for me. Yeah. And I doesn't have to be a every week night, Tuesday night, you know, don't, that's have to be legalistic about it.


But, but you guys be really intentional about the calendar. And I have found in marriage, I dunno if you guys do this, but on Sunday nights, Winston And I, we look through every single day of the week And we say out loud the schedule of like, okay, I need to leave for work. I had a meeting hit this morning set at eight, So I have seven 30. So Winston, you gotta take kids, you know, to school. Yeah. We gotta ahead. Yeah. Like it's, you are literally mapping out very tactically throughout the week. And something about that brings a lot of peace where there's not a lot of my mystery because I think in a busy season, which people experience a lot. Oh yeah. These busy seasons. The, the kind of the unspoken things and the questions create stress. Yeah. And where you can eliminate the stress by having some really clear conversations and communications week to week, even down to dinner of like, I'm not gonna be home.


Yeah. You'll have to Tuesday, Thursday nights. So like, you know what I mean? Like as tactical as you can get in busy seasons is always gives me a level of control and peace, which just helps enjoy where you are in the moment too. 'cause you wanna be present. So it's a good question, Nicholas. I'm glad you called.


If you've been putting off getting home security because you think it's too expensive or too complicated, now's the time to change that. With SimpliSafe, you can protect your family starting at around a dollar a day. Your first month is free and there's a 60 day money back guarantee with no long-term contracts. And here's the best part. Right now you can get 50% off a new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring. That's right. 50% off. And SimpliSafe home security doesn't just wait for something bad to happen. Their active guard outdoor protection uses advanced AI to proactively stop threats. So if someone's lurking around or acting suspicious, SimpliSafe agents can see and talk to them in real time, activate spotlights and even contact the police. Plus SimpliSafe helps protect your home from fires and floods too. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe direct.com today to save 50%. That's SimpliSafe direct.com. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


If you're tired of living paycheck to paycheck and you just keep wondering where is all my money going? Well the first step to get control is to do a budget. And our team is hosting free budgeting trainings this month. So you can really learn step by step how to create and stick to an EveryDollar budget. And they answer your budgeting questions live during the q and a. So if you have a specific one about your specific situation, this is the perfect place to ask. Spots are limited, so sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Up next we have Brandon in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Hey Brandon, Welcome to the show. Hey, Thanks for taking my call For sure. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? Well, I've run into a bit of a speed bump here as far as my wife. We did the baby steps. We, we were in over 200,000 in debt, knocked that out in a few years and now it's time to put money away. 15% of my income into, you know, mutual funds and she's just wanting to park it in a high yield savings account. And 'cause she says she's scared to lose it. So I'm just kind of curious the best way to go about, I mean, we've, I've sat her down, I've said, Hey, this, over the long term this is gonna run its course, we're gonna, you know, become millionaires and, and it doesn't seem to stick.


So I, I just, I don't, I've kind of run into a rut where we're just putting money in, into a high yield savings account and, you know, four percent's good, but it's not 12. Right. It sounds like one of it sounds like two things or one of two things. A something happened in the past and she or someone she knows lost money in the stock market, meaning they took money out when it was at its slowest point or Her dad. Yeah, Her dad. Yeah. Yes ma'am. Okay. That's where it's, so that's, that's where it's originating from and then Right. That lack of knowledge is continuing till today. So first off, I think what she's not understanding is that when her dad pulled that money out, he's the one he locked in his losses when he pulled the money out.


But had he have left it in, he would probably have tons. Yeah. What's the story with the dad? What happened? Well, I don't know the full story because it's, you know, it's, it's a pretty short subject other than the fact that he, he had money in there. He pulled, he pulled it out. I don't know how long it was in there or anything like that, but he's constantly telling her, oh, you can lose a lot of money in that market. Right. Is he still living? You Know, I'm just like, Is he still living? Oh yeah. Yeah, he's living okay. So yeah, He's a big, he's a big influence on her. Yeah, I was gonna say. Yeah. So Somebody needs to play out the scenario. I'm just trying to put myself in your shoes. If this were my husband, I'd say, well, okay, we know what happened when he pulled the money out.


He, he lost a bunch. Has anybody ever played out what would've happened if he didn't pull the money out? And then I'd look at that scenario because I think that'd be eye opening to say, here's the thing, if that money had never come out today, here's what it would be worth. And that kind of shows the truth of how the stock market works. So I, I think this is a really delicate situation because like you said, it's touchy because money was quote lost. But you don't, it's hard to say, Hey, the mistake was on you, you're the one who pulled it out. Right, right. But even though that's kind of the truth. Yeah. You've gotta be, I could Look in the mirror. Yeah. So I mean, I think validating her because yeah, that is scary.


You know, if you're, you know, if a family member like that your and your own parents went through something, it's like, I wanna avoid what they went through. 'cause it was always obviously very painful, not fun. I don't wanna do that. So that makes sense that she's, you know, has that level of fear. But What can happen, Brandon is fear can, it can paralyze us and fear can make us do really bad, have make really bad financial decisions. We would quote this all the time, especially during Covid, and someone said it, and now I cannot remember who it was, but they said, we make our worst financial decisions when we're fearful and drunk. Or drunk or maybe both Dave or maybe both. No, it was like some guy, I don't know who it was, it was like we Quote on Drunk. Yeah. They would always say, if you're fearful or drunk, you make really bad money decisions that does describe Covid.


So yeah, we, we kept telling people. Yeah. So again, it makes sense that she's fearful, but also we can't let fear dictate and make our decisions because it's an emotion that's not trustworthy. You know, it, it is there to create, to make us to, to create safety for us. Right. There's fear and our body reacts to it and it's like, I'm on guard, I'm on guard. And why? And sometimes the threat is real, right? I mean, if you're see a bear and you're like, there, that's scary. Like that's a very real right. Your body's response is correct, so run or whatever you're supposed to do and you see a bear like that or whatever you're supposed to do. I don't even know. But, you know, so, but this the fear. But the fear here, while we un I understand it, it's not, it's not based in reality.


It's based in someone's situation. But that's not the reality out there. And So I think that's what she has to really overcome. So maybe Brandon, even you guys, we always say a three to six month emergency fund, maybe you bump it up, you know, six, you know, maybe 6, 7, 8 months just to give some extra buffer in that high yield just to know if something happens, we are gonna be okay. Like we have an emergency fund for the emergency fund kind of idea, right? So she may, may just need some extra security and then, and then you guys just keep, you know, I mean my hope was that you guys do start investing. 'cause I think you're exactly right from a math standpoint, you want that compound interest as early as possible. And then you guys just keep reevaluating and don't look every, she doesn't need to look every day at the market.


'cause the news, it's gonna dip and the news is gonna freak out and then she's gonna be like, oh my god, the world's coming to an end. Right? So don't look at it, but like once a year you guys need to reevaluate and just say, okay, you know, what did this year look like? But, but it, it takes, it, it does take, I guess in her case kind of that leap of faith. It's not really leap of faith. 'cause I think there's a lot of facts around it, but it does take a level of trusting the system and, and, and Being, being willing to learn something new outside of a previous experience. That's the hard part. That's a great point. Point. Yep. Right. So I don't know if that helps Brandon, but, but yeah, that's Yeah, it does. Yeah. It's a hard one because again, I think it's, I think her fear is valid, but yet we just 'cause it's valid doesn't mean that we make decisions around it.


That's right. That's right. But thanks for the call. All Right. Let's Go to Aaron in San Diego. Hi Aaron. Welcome to the show. Hey, Thanks for taking my call. I appreciate it. Yeah, absolutely. So my question is pretty short and to the point. I currently have just $4,000 in credit card debt and about $11,000 in a, in a car loan. I really have no other debt. I'm 26 years old. I make about a hundred thousand dollars a year. I do live in San Diego. So it's, It doesn't go very far. Yeah, it doesn't go very far. Yeah. But my question is, you know, I'm, I'm a ex employee of a brother large tech slash car company. I'm pretty sure we know what, what company that is, but I'd love to a pretty sizable amount of stock.


It is fully vested. However, it is technically a short term since it hasn't been over a year old. I'm not too informed of all the tax implications. But should I sell, I have about, currently right now the market rate for the stock is like three 40 a a share. I have about like 14,000 right now. Should I sell some of that and pay off my credit card? Should I sell all of it and pay off my car and my, my credit card? I just, I'm, I've beening to you guys for a, a few weeks now And I just, I'm really trying to be focused on that peace of mind. Like it always starts young, you know, it's only $4,000 in credit card debt, but then it grows into 10 20 into 30. And lucky enough I don't have any student loan debt, but I just wanna knock out any debt at all.


So what do you guys think is the best course of action here? Should I just use my income and, and save up and, and pay off my debt that way? Where should I be going? Yeah, so normally we would say that we always set to say to sell anything that is non-retirement. And we are not big fans of single stocks just because it is so volatile that if that one company somehow loses everything. Right. That, And I think I know what company you're talking about, So I don't know if that's gonna be the case, but you never know. Right. We were even looking the other day, Jade in a team meeting at Peloton when Peloton was like so big. Yes. And it's like gone to nothing basically. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I'm like, it was hot, you know, so just the idea that yeah, just because something's working today, it may not be the best long-term play 'cause the, because you never know.


So yeah, getting rid of single stocks would be something that I would recommend. And then using any of the profits to go ahead and pay off debt and then go and take that, the proceeds, everything else. 'cause you'll have way more than, than what you have in debt. And you know, you can go put that in a, you know, a Vanguard account, an index fund, open up a mutual fund and just have more diversification with that money and let it grow long term without, again, that volatility of just that one specific company. How, How much will it be when you cash 'em in? So if I were to sell everything right now, if I was looking at the etrade account, it's like 13 ish. Ish. Right now it's, the current rate for the stock is like three 40.


I don't know how many shares I have. It's like 31 or 32. Okay. Oh, I thought you said you had four. Oh, I'm sorry I missed, I misheard your numbers, but yeah, So I would go ahead and yeah. And sell it and put that towards the debt. Just Be ready for the tax hit when it comes. 'cause it will come on your income taxes. Yep. For next year. Yeah. If you sell in 2025 will be there in the 2026 when you get it in April. That's right. Thanks Aaron for the call. Thanks to everyone in the booth. Jay, thanks always for being a great co-host. Thanks to our studio audience here at Nashville and thank you America. We'll be back. All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly?


Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, Credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, And I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love it. The things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston And I just signed up And we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them at Fairwinds dot org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to Fairwinds dot org slash RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCUA


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author Jade Warshaw And we are here to answer your questions at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. So give us a call And we'll be talking about your money, your life, marriage relationships, career kids, kids, anything and everything. So give us a call up first this hour. We have William in Indianapolis. Hi William, Welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you for having me. Yes. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? So my, My fianc we're planning on getting married this August, so pretty soon Congratulations.


She went into a surgery, a pretty simple surgery gallbladder to be more specific and they coded her on the table. So she was, oh my gosh. She is now doing well. She was in a, she had a trach for six months. Oh no. But in that time she got a pretty good lawyer and he won us around, well won her, I, I'm not entitled to any of it, but won her around 1.3 million after we pay him and everything we should have around that. So my main question for calling in today is like we were planning on getting a house 'cause we are getting married, but we didn't know if we were gonna do like full cash pay for the house and get it over with, or a really hefty down payment since neither one of us have much credit right now.


That way we could build our credit in the future. But I didn't know what would be the best option. Neither one of us has had money like this before, so. Sure. Is she, how's she doing now? She could, She's doing very well. Good. I'm glad. So My fianc was born, she was born deaf. Okay. So just by a normal person you would be able to tell like, hey, there's something a little different. She's not Yeah, Yeah. An adult, like an adult size like airway, you know what I mean? Just by hearing her talk. Yeah. So you would think that doctors would definitely be able to tell. Oh man. And So, yeah. But she is doing very good now after the, So impressive. Wow. Wow. She's incredible. Went To Cincinnati, shout out to Cincinnati Children's Hospital for being the best airway reconstruction in the United States and luckily we were very close to them.


Wow. My gosh. Wow, wow, wow. Okay. So William, you guys, you get married in August. Will either of you be bringing debt into the marriage? Negative. Neither one of us has student loans. Any credit card debts. Okay. We both drive older vehicles. Wow. Good for you. I mean, yeah, I mean, I mean I, I'll be simple with my answer, Jade, you probably can explore a little bit more, but yet, I mean Yes, yes. This would be aright really, really, really, really wise way to use this money. If you guys started off your marriage with no mortgage payment and the amount of money you guys could be investing and saving for the future is going to be insane.


William, the what you guys can do versus sending up payments to a mortgage broker or to a bank. Yeah. You guys pay yourself a mortgage payment and invest that like the, the numbers are astronomical. What that could, what that could do. So yeah. Short answer is I think that's a very yes. Wise way to use this money is to spend cash and, and and yeah. And use It way buy out. Right. How, what do you think it would cost for you guys to get what you, what you want, you know, in, in Indianapolis? Yeah. Her only stipulation is two bathrooms. So she's not very difficult. Around 175 to $200,000 is around the price range we were looking at for something that's gonna be a lifelong house for us.


Wow, okay. That's a lot less than I was thinking when I look at the median home price in the United States. So, Well, we live, we live in 500 square foot right now, so anything is an upgrade. So That's true. That's true. Okay. Okay. So let's just say you guys went crazy and spent 300. Yeah. So that means you have a million dollars left. So I think the next question, so yes, a hundred percent be paying cash for this house. Even more so than, probably more emphatically than what we were thinking earlier. Yes. And then, and then for the million. Yeah. Take some of that William, you guys can upgrade cars. That would be another, another thing to think about. And then, you know, I would be, we always say to give save and spends.


Yeah. And so with the rest of that, you know, do some generosity and do some giving with that, I'd probably sit with a smart vestor pro and figure out how to invest a good portion of it. For sure. And of course if you give to someone, you're gonna get back astronomically. 'cause that's just how the universe works. It, it, it, it is like that sometimes, although it's not always financial. So keep that in mind A hundred percent. But yeah, I what Rachel said, I'd probably, I'd upgrade the cars, I'd take my time on this. Right. I think that's the big thing, like if you just go out and it's kind of like shopping spree and you buy a house and buy two cars and it's like, I feel like that's probably a, a where you could get into no man's land there.


But take your time buying this house, take your time, doing your research just as though this money were never there. How would you take your time to do your research on these things? Right. And then, yeah, I would set aside three to six months of expenses. I'd throw that in a high yield savings. You guys come up with some things that might be important to you on the giving side. Yeah. And then that investing, if you invest a good chunk of this and let it grow and just set it and forget it, that's gonna be really, really great for your legacy. Yeah. How, how much do you guys make a year, William? How much combined income will you have once you guys get married? So combined, she has a fixed income around a thousand dollars a month that she will not be losing because of the trust fund that is set up through the malpractice case.


So she will still get her social security income, which is what she gets. And then I work around 40,000 is what I bring home yearly. Okay. So you guys are roughly about 52,000 and so, and that, that, that will be her income. Correct? She doesn't make anything above that payment? That is correct. Okay. So yeah. So I would, I would, it's gonna take some discipline, which you guys, you sound like you guys are pretty disciplined. Seems like it. That you don't start living like, oh, because this money is a, you know, a one time payment. Right. This is not an ongoing salary that you all will be getting every single year. And so watching the, in watching the lifestyle and not acting like, oh my gosh, we're a bunch of millionaires.


Yeah. Right, right. Like, I would be living And I don't think you will be, I don't think you will be. You guys seem very mature. I'm not gonna change my lifestyle. I can already Tell. I know you said what you wanted to spend on the house. I was like, we're gonna be fine. But I do want you to buy some cars. I'll say that as your spender friend, you can get some new Cars. I drive, I, I drive a 99 right now. The thing's about to fall. Yeah. So get, get some nice cars and then, yeah. And then you guys, if you, and, and part of this too, you know, if you invest it wisely, you guys can be living off of a portion of this every year if you want. But again, sitting down with the smart vest pro is probably gonna be your best bet just to make sure the longevity of this lasts hopefully beyond you guys. That's right. I mean, that's what this kind of money can do if you invest it early, which is really beautiful.


It's generational if you can invest it, right? Yes, that's exactly right. How old are You? I'm 24. Oh, Most definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I was going to say one more thing. I believe that the way that it works in Indiana, I don't know how it works anywhere else, but the insurance company, when they like come through a hospital and like they have a malpractice case, they can only pay us out a certain amount right now. And then they pay a percentage of that over time. So she's gonna get $175,000 over a 30 year period every five years she gets a slight increase in the chunk that she gets.


Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. So what you guys would've to do is just have a timeline of knowing when is this money coming and what are we using that chunk for at a time? So that actually kind of spreads it out, which will, will slow you guys down some possibly. Which that's good. Which is fine. Which is fine. Well, I'm glad everyone's okay. Thanks for the call.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted Pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey Trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is sponsored by Why Refi? If you're buried in defaulted private student loans, you are not alone. Reach out to Why Refi to see if they can build a custom plan to help dig you out. Visit Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY today. That's YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in Allstate.


All Right. Today's question of the day comes from Patrick in Connecticut. He says our current mortgage balance is 850,000 And we also have an $8,000 car loan as our only other debt. My wife wants to get a $1.5 million loan for a second larger home and cash out our single stocks for the down payment. We earn $350,000 a year. I am losing sleep over this idea and it feels like we're going backwards. I wanna invest more in retirement and save for our kids' education. She wants to sell our first home later on to pay for college costs. What would you recommend that we focus on? Okay, so just to clarify, she wants to keep the current house that's eight 50 and then cash out stocks to put a down payment on a second home that would be worth 1.5 million.


And she's like, Hey, it's all good. 'cause in the future when it's time to pay for college, we can just sell the $850,000 house. That'll likely be worth more. Yeah. I don't like this. I think that what you're feeling is correct. You're just having a lot of skin in the debt game. Yes. A lot of risk. It's a Lot. It's a lot happening. I wonder why she wouldn't just, I mean he's not on the line, but I wonder, in my mind it's like, okay, if you want the $1.5 million house, sell the previous house, take the proceeds and put it, roll it to the $1.5 million house. Yeah. It sounds like it's like a, a make up a vacation home or something. You know what I mean? And, and the problem with all of this is, you know, she wants the, the, the nice second home doesn't wanna have to pay for kids' college right now.


She doesn't wanna put money away to save for that. So it's a lot of present for Today Feeling. It's a lot of things today, this is what I want today, So I'm gonna make decisions based on today without really looking long term and saying, okay, what's best for us where we can have a fun life today? It's not like you wanna be miserable today, right? Right. But yet you wanna be wise and not let this be the motivator. Don't let today be the motivator or be thinking long term because you guys have a lot of life to live and Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't sound like a lot of wise decisions unless you're Gonna be carrying two, two mortgage payments. Think about the, so really what we're saying is think about the opportunity cost on it and what that's gonna cost you long term. Clearly she's not interested in thinking that way.


Yeah. No, today Yes. But you have your work cut out for you, Patrick, but you are correct. Don't do this. Yep. So, I don't know. I would sit, I would sit down and, And I wanna know her motivation for the second home and if it is a vacation type, you know, situation, it's like a vacation home. You know, could you guys rent somewhere, you know, for two weeks a year? Yeah. And, and still be able to enjoy your vacations, but you don't have to own the home that you're going to right now. Especially because you guys have still car loans and a mortgage on your primary home. So getting that paid down for sure would be the wiser way and, And I would yeah. Cash out some of those stocks to pay off the car loan, especially, you know, if they're not in retirement.


Exactly. Hope, think that helps. But yeah. Sorry Patrick, we're, we're the bear of bad news for your wife. We are. I don't know why I'm totally reading too much into this question, but I feel like she's just out here trying to live that life. I'm like, you guys are in Connecticut. It's super expensive. Yeah. I always think about sometimes when you're in an area that's super expensive and you see how other people are living, you kind of feel like I have to be doing that as well. Yes, yes. But that's not, That's not the reality. Yes. I mean, It's not the reality. I always think about basketball teams, right. And it's like the, the, the Jimmy Butler's, they get paid the big dollars. Yes. But like the seventh and the eighth, man, they, they don't make what Jimmy Butler makes.


So if you go out with Jimmy Butler, you can't get what he gets. Yeah. You know what I mean? That's so true. You can't live that life. So anyway. Yes. Yes. I don't know why. I feel like she's just trying to live the life that she's seeing other people live. Yeah. It's looking that way. Oh man, that's so funny. It's so true though. Yeah. Especially like on a sports team. Yeah. Or like these guys are like Yeah. The Salary ranges Is like so significantly different. Yeah. Yeah. So it takes a lot of maturity, a lot of maturity to push through that. It does. Oh, All Right. Let's Go to the phones. We'll Go to Jason in Kansas City. Hi Jason. Welcome to the show. Hi guys. Thanks so much for taking my call. Absolutely. How can We help? So, yeah, So I'm a medical student And I am incredibly blessed.


I'm going to be able to graduate medical school 100% debt free. Oh my gosh. My car is paid off. How did you, how did you do that? Wow. My parents are both docs too. Okay. Wow. That is that A gift? They've been incredibly supportive. I'm, I'm eternally grateful. That's so great. And I currently live in a home that's fully paid off as well. They, they purchased it for Wow. Yeah. Wow. So it's a huge blessing. So I am pursuing a medical specialty where the prestige of your residency really matters if you wanna work in a desirable area later in life. It's a pretty small field and limited job market. The challenge is that most of these top tier residencies are in really expensive cities that would be much pricier than the life I currently live.


So my question is, do you think it would be a financial mistake to leave this very stable, low cost setup in order to train at a more prestigious program that might be able to open better doors for me long term depending on where I go, maybe even having to take out loans for some living expenses? Or do you think I should just try to stay put and risk possibly more limited job options later? Are you allowed to sell the house that your parents got you and use that money to put towards living expenses in the more expensive area? So yeah, it, it is in their name and that that is an option for sure. I, I think there's another layer of it too that I, you know, I, I don't wanna feel disrespectful just that they've done so much for me and given me this great house and I'm like, Hey, by the way, I'm, you know, flying the cou and moving somewhere else.


You know what I mean? But that's another side to the issue Kind of. But the way you set it up, I mean, to be honest, the way you set it up, it sounds like they're in this, they're in the doctor field and they've been so supportive. It feels like, based off of what you said, that they would understand what you just explained to us. That, hey, my residency really mattered. I mean, have you talked to them about it and what did they say? I, I haven't, to be honest, I've been a little afraid just because I think I have been worried how they might respond to me saying I, I might wanna leave this house that they've bought for me. But I, I definitely can try to have that conversation. And, and you're right. I mean, they're both physicians. They'll probably be understanding. Yeah. I'm also, I also have questions about the vocabulary you're using about they bought the house for you.


It's, it's in their name. So I, yeah, it brings up other questions, which is, is this really my house? Does this mean we can sell it when I'm ready? Or is this, is this something that they're viewing as just a rental and for now you're the one living there and when you move on, someone else, like, it just brings up a lot of other questions that I have. Yeah. What's the expectation of the home, like strings attached besides what you're just kind of feeling and thinking? Was anything ever said when they gifted you the home? Well, So I, I think I, I, I know they're on it. I think I might be listed on the home, but I mean, they're definitely the, the ones who have the most ownership in it. And you know, I think they kind of bought it thinking I was going to stay where I'm at long term, you know, and training where I'm at.


And it really hasn't been until I got into medical school and realized that, you know, this, this field that I wanna pursue is really what I wanna do. Yeah. And, and it's probably gonna require me to possibly move somewhere. So it was kind of came out of the blue a little bit unexpected. Well, I mean, you don't, I mean it's a, don't get me wrong when somebody offers that, it, like, on face value, it's a great gift, but at the same time you don't want it to be, you know, golden handcuffs that keeps you chained to an area. Yeah. That's, that's the reason that you're there. Yeah. Is space is for a house. Right. Like that would be, doesn't feel Yeah, that would be silly. That would not be wise's long term. I think you're exactly right, Jake. Okay. So I'm just thinking through going to talk to them. I, I mean I, yeah, I mean I would definitely just tell 'em kind of what you're thinking and where you're at and maybe be a little prepared in the conversation of running some numbers of, you know, here's probably the top three areas I'll probably end up in and do some research and just say, okay, how much realistically will rent be realistically, what, what would life look like from a financial standpoint?


And how long would you be in these cities? Residency's gonna be about five years. Okay. So it's, yeah, it's a significant time. And when you're saying expensive, are you thinking like New York City, San Francisco? Yeah, like Seattle Probably, you know, New York, you know, San Francisco, la you know, some of the Boston, some of the more really expensive cities that have, you know, really reputable healthcare systems. Sure. Okay. Yeah. So I would run some numbers and just know, okay, here's how much it's gonna cost me to live per month. I would not take out loans. Jason. I think not at all think, I think either you figure out another way to make some money to support yourself during that time, but also have that conversation.


Just say, Hey, I'm looking at all my assets And I do have this house, you know, in my head as an asset, but I, I wanna be respectful of you all. Just tell him how you're feeling. Yeah. And just have a conversation about it. But be prepared with some numbers So you at least kind of have a plan going in knowing here's the direction I'm leaning, but you may not be able to afford it.


Jason, if they don't give you this house. Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend DeleteMe. They help with that. Yeah, they do. DeleteMe actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammer to find so much. But delete Me will delete your data, hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you So you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston And I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's joins delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out you guys.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey Trusted Agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash.


When it comes to debt or building wealth, people often can forget an important step when it comes to reaching their goals. And that's having insurance and having the right coverage or too little or too much can really impact how long it takes you to build wealth. So skimping on insurance might feel like saving, but when life happens, it is not great because you may not have a safety net that you need. And we don't want debt to be that safety net. So the right insurance acts as a shield around your loved ones and your wallet if disaster strikes. And in some cases it can save you money if you're paying too much for insurance. So how do you know if you have the right coverage? Make sure to take the coverage checkup. It's an online free resource that creates a personalized insurance action plan for you that's unique to your situation and it makes an overly confusing topic, really easy to understand and gives you the Next Steps specifically for you and your situation. So Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup to take the coverage checkup or click the link in the description if you are watching on YouTube or listening on podcast.


Up next we have Derek in San Jose. Hi Derek, Welcome to the show. Hey Rachel, I'm a big fan and it's a real honor to speak with you. Oh, thanks. Thanks so much for taking My call. Absolutely. Thanks for calling in. How can we help? So I recently got engaged, My fianc And I are both 36 years old. We're looking to start a Brady Bunch. We've got five kids between 10 and 12 between us. Oh wow. The reason between 10 and wait between 10 and 12, is that what you said? Yeah, I have twin sons who are 11 and she has a 10-year-old, 11-year-old and 12-year-old. Oh wow, wow, wow. Nice. That's gonna be a house full. That's fun. So great. Yeah, It's been really fun. Yep. So the reason I'm calling is because we have a pretty large difference in assets And I think based on your advice it would, the advice would be that we should get a prenup.


So I have roughly $12 million and she has roughly 50,000. And So we started the process of looking into a prenup and it's been an emotional one And I totally understand why. And I think especially like we went through a questionnaire talking together about it, but then when we got the first draft back from my lawyer, that's when she's really not been feeling good about it. And I understand the concern. So I mean, she feels like I wouldn't be fully entering the marriage in the same way that she is. 'cause it feels like I'm holding assets like separately off to the side and I'm sensitive to that and especially in some of the context of her former relationship.


And so I'm just looking for maybe more clarity and like what you guys would recommend. Oh man, this is a hard one because it is, I think it is a wise decision to do one. And I say that even more. I have a friend who's going through not a great situation and she came in with a lot more and now he's just, I mean it was, it's just messy. It's messy, messy. And there's a level again, you're not, you're, you're hoping and praying obviously that this is the one and that it's gonna last a lifetime. But it, as you guys have experienced, you know, there, there is a reality to all of this and whenever we, any of us get married, right?


I think there is like this, like, okay, I'm choosing you Yeah, for a reason and for a lifetime. But, but we, we also don't live under a rock and know that things change in life and situations come up and unfortunately some really hard things happen and does causes marriages to, to break up right. To, to enter into divorce And we don't want that. So what were the par, I'm curious, what were the parts of it that was making her, because you guys went through a questionnaire together and it didn't sound like the questionnaire brought up a lot of red flags, but when she was actually like reading it, did she feel like she she won't be taken care of if something happens or like what, what's the, what's that underlying That's A concern.


Yeah. Yes. And I think especially like, you know, her kids as well too. And it's something that I want to address And I think we could address like in a will or like some other document or method after we get married. And I, and it's something that I wanna do. Like I absolutely would want her and her kids to be taken care of too if something, you know, didn't happen to us. I think it also, it, it feels very condescending to her that like the, with that either she And I don't see it being a problem for her at all. Like, my goal in this, And I think that's what your advice is, is that in our case that I know is rare, it would help protect our marriage and that's what I wanna do.


But I totally understand that she feels it's condescending like to her, maybe her and her family and her friends, that they might be a problem and that we would need this to like protect against them. Can I, can I ask how, how like stringent this prenup is? Like how strict it is? 'cause when I've heard calls about this before, my, my question is always, is there a way that this can be more progressive? That over maybe over time and over years some of the restrictions fall off. Like does that make sense to where it's like the longer we're together? Yeah, that's a great question. And the more that this feels right, some of this starts to fall off and now we start to become one and, and after a while it's all gone And we are one is is there anything built in like that?


So there's nothing currently built in like that. So other than that it's pretty basic. So everything we enter into the marriage with is separate property except she has a small amount of debt and she's been awesome about eliminating debt, especially the situation she came from that I, I don't want her to carry at all. Like I would, we would just pay it off and then everything after the date of the marriage is shared. So income that I make or she made, we just share it. Our our plan is that she would stop working, she'd be able to be home with all these kids. Does that include interest on the 12 million, like as that grows or does any growth on that 12 million remain years? Yeah, so at least as it's currently structured, the growth in that would remain mine.


I think we have talked about, it's not in the document, but like if I were to stop working to also help with the kids, which would be an option like the the income that we drew from that would be considered our income. I think I would, yeah, I'd be wondering about that if I were entering in that marriage. Like how, how can we protect what you've already created, but how can I be a player and how that grows from here on out. Like how can I be a part of that? I think I might be wondering about that. That's tough man. Yeah. Yeah, that Makes sense. Yeah. And then, and then the only other additional part is we're planning to get a house And I was just gonna buy the house. We title it in both of our names that just consider it community property.


Yeah. Yeah. Well it sounds like you're, you're being very gracious about this, Derek. I think it's such a hard line to be wise in a situation and being, I mean you, you don't sound like you're drawing these crazy hard lines and you know what I mean? No. And you're pushing it like it's your tone feels very humble and and gracious. Which I, yeah. I mean I think she probably very much appreciates So yeah, I'm trying to think if I were in her position, which you never can fully do for somebody, you know, there's a part of me that I don't know, I think I would understand you're coming in with 12 million.


Yeah. And I understand that's not mine right now. Right? Like there's, I don't know. Yeah. This one's hard for me. I, I see both. Are You an, are you an anti prenup? No, I'm not. I would not go that far. I think it's just, it's it's, it is a very tough way to start out a marriage clearly. Yes. Because we're dividing yours versus mine. Yep. And everything else in the marriage is out is we say we us our, so it, it is tough. And if you're a person let's, you know, I'll put myself in the shoes. Me, I've always viewed, oh, when you enter a marriage, it's like this. Yes. You don't know who you're gonna fall in love with. Yes. And that person happens to be loaded and now suddenly you're like, oh, this picture I had of it being ours is not possible.


That's just tough. And I, I'm not saying it's wrong And I it's just tough. Yeah. Yeah. Well And I think too, Derek, I think it's too, I think it can feel like the 12 million's off in this corner and it's never, we're never gonna participate in it, but I think the, it comes into it's mine if something happens. But up until that point it's ours. Like we're sharing assets. That's a good point. That is a very Good point. Like we are living our lives together as one, but for some reason if, if something ever happened in a divorce, this part still goes back to me. Does that make sense? I wonder if framing it That's a good way to frame it. 'cause that actually With her, 'cause that, 'cause it, it, it can be hers, right? Like you guys can share in this, it's the only time it's not hers is if you guys legally go through a divorce.


Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. That totally makes sense. And, and that is how we want to live going Into the marriage and it sounds like that. Yeah. And that sounds like your attitude because you're gonna take some of our money, we're gonna buy a house together with this money and use this money for our family. So I think it's, it's such a fine line, Derek. I mean it's so hard but I think I would keep and and bring in a third party. Yeah. If there's a great marriage counselor or therapist, honestly it's something to, to think through and even get other opinions because yeah, you wanna be on the same page with this.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner And we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Up next we have Melissa in Charleston, West Virginia. Hi Melissa, Welcome to the show. Hi. Hi. How are you Doing great. How can we help? Yes, So I recently purchased a home in West Virginia about a month ago. And since living there my family And I have got really sick experiencing allergy like symptoms. Got the long story short, ended up getting someone to come and test for mold and it's very high numbers in sta botes, I don't know, I'm probably butchering that name, but it's the one that's really, really dangerous. So now I'm in the flip other side, I'm post-closing.


I did go Go to the property disclosure, it was as is and it was a flip. And also I did also get a home inspector as well. And this is through a VA loan. So now I'm trying to figure out if I should do a mold remediation myself or go ahead and do a deed in lieu of foreclosure situation because ma'am, I don't feel comfortable staying there at all. 'cause what else is concealed in this house? I don't know. And turns out the guy that flipped it has a horrible reputation around the community for doing basically pig lipstick on a pig flips. So when you did the, when you did the inspection to purchase the home, it didn't come up on the inspection, but now it is, can you clarify that for me?


Yeah, it, the mold is in plain view, but from a lay person, if you look at it, it looks like mildew or maybe like dirt, just like a dirty basement. Yeah. But the second inspection that came in said this is definitely mold. It's in plain view. Nobody called this. He said the appraiser could have called it, but I know they're there for just evaluation purposes. But he said that, you know, you you you potentially have a case and I've contacted attorneys and they are all pretty much said that I don't have a case because it's a buyer beware state, which I wasn't. Oh, I didn't know what that meant. So the onus is on the buyers and it's not a lot of consumer protections for us in West Virginia.


Oh shit. Wow. Have you had any estimates on what it would cost to try to go through and I mean it mold is such a, it's such a frustrating part of the, you know, that whole process of renovation, but have you Yeah. What's To remediation cost? Yes. So I had an adjuster come for with my homeowner's insurance, but of course they deemed it pre-existing and the adjuster told me that the basement is not even up the code. So the, the cost of get going the basement is like 20,000 plus. And the mold remediation itself would be 10 10 k plus.


Is that how many? Okay, so let's keep, I think for, for now we keep the mold separate from the basement not being to code and find out. Okay. Because here's the thing, if you get the mold out of the house and you're ready to sell the property, then you can say you can sell it, you can feel good about it. There's no mold here. The other question, but I did have the question. So you're telling me your inspector missed the mold and missed the fact that the basement wasn't to code? Yes. And he said one of my questions before I hired him was, you know, how long have you been doing it? You know, what are your, just ask him his history of his work. And he's like, over 20 years And I looked at reviews, he has great reviews, great reviews on the BBB and that's weird, all this stuff.


And I was like, are you approved by the va? And he was like, yes. And I verified everything and everything checked up on paper. But yeah, none of that was, And there's nothing on him. There's, he's completely, there's no liability towards whoever did the inspection. And that's what the logs Are saying. But they're saying that the likelihood of it of winning in court is low because of that caveat on tour buyer beware thing in West Virginia and the fact that they have no duty to disclose mold in West Virginia.


And What's the point of the DCOM inspection? What what's the point of it? Exactly, exactly. You would have to hire a mold inspector on top of the regular mold inspector. Oh my gosh. Inspector and a radon inspector and whatever other inspectors. Wow. Separately in order to do this. And they said it was a law just passed with the Supreme Court back I think 2020 just last year. It was something recent that passed. But my realtor and the agency and his broker, he told me that I could, I did have something and that I should pursue it. But my thing is Go to further debt with litigation going back and forth with these lawyers. Yeah. Which is a shot in the dark or just take an l and, and I mean it's gonna ding my credit but I need to get out of it 'cause we're essentially homeless.


Why can't you just put it on the market? You've purchased it, can't you just put it back on the market for sale? Why does it have to go into foreclosure, I guess is what I'm saying Because I don't, I I'm gonna have to disclose it and it's not remediated. So also I asked that question. They said a lot of lenders won't allow, You won't lend on the home with mold, with active mold. Now the mold, I don't know if it's active 'cause I've got a dehumidifier down there and I've filled up where moisture may have gotten in, but I don't know who deems it active or not. But you can see it now because I've pulled paneling off. It was hidden. It was even more like the obvious mold that you would be behind paneling.


So So What if we said this, what if we said, let's get a couple of opinions on what it's really gonna cost to get this remediated. And then do you have any money anywhere? No, and I'm, the money I am getting, I run a business out of West Virginia and right now we're living with my man and we're going back and forth two and a half hours between Columbus. Oh my gosh. And, and where we're at every other day. So I can still take clients and that money is going towards gas and food and, 'cause I've had to take the kids outta school 'cause they are allergic to it And I got them allergy tested to verify what I'm saying, you know? Yeah. How much are you making a year, Melissa?


I make, so I'm a a disabled veteran. So on top of that I would say about 80, 70, 80,000 a year. What do you get for the disability per month? About five. Okay. So Just under five. It's like four nine or four eight, something Like that. Okay. And then what do you take home from your actual job take home Per month? I would say about five. About five. So we've got 10 KA month. How many kids? Two. And how much, how much is this mortgage out of your take home? 15. 1500. Okay. That's good. This is Melissa. I I almost would just go rent somewhere.


Yeah. I mean, be paying the mortgage, go rent. 'cause this isn't feasible. The two and a half hour thing, I think that adds stress. Yes. I think that's like, that's exhausting everybody pulling the kids out of the routine. I mean, that's just miserable. I would just go rent somewhere, go rent a one two bedroom apartment knowing it's short term cheap, Cheap, Cheap. Yes. Just knowing like we, this is what we're gonna do, just to have some stability from where you were And then they can get back in school. Yes. And then from there, gosh, I would, I would probably get even a second attorney's opinion. And, and sometimes, you know, they'll take cases and with the, you know, with what you know, is one in court, if so, then that's how they get paid. So you're not having to go deeply in debt with all this litigation and stuff.


So, so maybe even from a different standpoint, from a payment perspective, you can find someone different on that end. But I would probably still pursue that because this, this doesn't, this feels like a lot of negligence on the end of your inspector, even though the mold thing, which I guess is the biggest part of all of this, if he doesn't have to disclose it or find it, it has to be separate in West Virginia. I mean, that's just bizarre. And then I would be saving, And I would do the cheapest renovation you can to get this mold out that would be safe to resale so that you can in good conscious sell this home. Right. Would you wanna stay in the home if you did get the mold all clear? I, I don't And I don't wanna stay. I love the home.


That's why I bought it. But I, I, I no longer wanna stay there because now with this man's reputation being the way it is, yeah. You Don't know where things will be. Sure. You know, you know. Yeah. So I would, I would save Melissa really aggressively stage by stage be getting, redoing this house to, from just the mold. Right. Not the up to code basement thing. You know, someone can renovate that if they want, but just getting the mold out, put it on the market and sell it. And in good faith to say, yeah, you know, this was cleaned up. Yeah. You don't know. I mean yeah, the guy has a terrible reputation. You don't know what else is there, but you don't know, right? Oh gosh. Yeah. And, and if the inspector finds something else, then we can deal with that. But I would put it on the market and try to sell it just to get out of it And we'll give you EveryDollar So you can really plan this $10,000 a month to make that happen.


Yes. Oh, I'm so sorry, Melissa. It's such a headache. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Go call every customer. You,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free, and I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck, but if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right? But by the way, go on now, so don't make it weird. Okay? I I I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay, byebye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys.


So what do we do.