
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Open phones this hour at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Number one, bestselling author Ramsey, personality and host of the Rachel Cruz Show. My daughter Rachel Cruz is my co-host. Today, as we answer your questions about your life and your money, before we go straight to the phones, I wanna make sure you guys don't think we're living on another planet or something. Obviously, we know that there was an attempt on President Trump's life on Thursday night and lost a hero firefighter protecting his daughter and wife in the process, shielding them from gunfire at that assassination attempt.


And everyone knows the details. We certainly are not Fox or CNN or anybody else. We're not going into the details. It's not what we do here. But we are praying for this nation where people of the book and the book tells us to pray for our leaders, even if we don't agree with them. And Trump is one of our leaders. He was a president, and Joe Biden is one of our leaders. He is the current sitting president. And not many things that President Biden does that I agree with. but it is my job to pray for him anyway. And certainly to not bring him harm. I can disagree with him and still honor the office and still honor the person, and certainly not engage in any kind of stupidity. Like some of the rhetoric that has gone on in the last 48 hours.


And really, he is gone on for the last several years. Some of you people are really too serious about what happens in the White House. If you'd concentrate half as much of what happens in your house, you've been in a whole lot better shape. 'cause that's really the, the dominated, the, the common denominator of success. It hasn't got anything to do with those guys up there. Yes, they do some things that affect our lives, but very, I, I've had several of 'em try to ruin my life and they hadn't pulled it off. And I've had several of 'em try to make my life better, and they hadn't pulled that off. And so I, I'm old and I've seen 'em, I've seen presidents that were gonna be the end of democracy and they weren't. And I've seen presidents that were gonna be the second coming of Jesus and they were not even close.


So, I mean, seriously, people, I think the problem is, is that the level of anger has to do with the expectations of what the office can provide. And so treat these people like people. They have families, they have children, they have friends. I've got friends that are congressmen, friends that are senators and the stuff that they have to put up with the stuff that is mailed to this office at me and into Ramsey, Solutions. 'cause some of you are just out of control and you should not spend your money on financial Peace University. You should spend it on counseling. 'cause you need it. You know, it's that kind of stuff.


It's going on out there, Rachel. Oh yeah. I mean, for sure. And I think it's just a level of, of the anger comes from a level of fear. Scared of what, what, you know, where the country's gonna go on either side of the spectrum. But I think that that's the sobering idea is going back to, okay, what's going on with my family in my home from the money perspective, when my paycheck hits my checking account, what am I gonna do with it? Right? So there's a level of control that we can have in our lives. There are, you know, you can go to the, go to the polls, right? You can go and and vote in November, and that's a, that's a choice and a level of control you have. And then it's, and then it's, you know, up to, up to fate at that point of what, of what occurs.


But I think, I think you're right. It's, I mean, we Ramseys and people that work at Ramsey are all very passionate people. We have loud arguing, fun discussions about things, but we don't wish death on people. Oh gosh. No. Know what I Know. No. I mean, I'll argue. It's Really sad. Yeah, the president of Visa, I mean, no, he's just the president of Visa. It's just a credit card. It's okay, right? Don't you know, don't go in credit card debt. It's stupid. And you know, if you're, if you're a payday lender, you shouldn't be doing that. Well, it Just takes humanity out of a system. But I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna suggest that the guy be taken out. I mean, that's just nuts. So it's just, it's Really sad. It's a sad, it was a sad, Here's the thing. If you, if you'll, if you'll concentrate on fighting ideas, that is a valid quest to argue about ideas.


When you have to vilify or destroy a person because you disagree with their idea, you've already lost the argument because you've lost the high ground. You've lost the ability to argue your idea, because you can't stay on top of the, your idea loses ground. So you have to attack the person. And when you can't, when you can't back up your philosophy, when you can't back up your belief and have an argument about that a healthy, a good, have a strenuous argument. I mean, we yell and scream. We don't, we scream, but we, we argue in high voices around here sometimes because we're trying to figure out which play to call to win the Super Bowl. We're trying to figure out which product to put out there to help you folks next.


And we, we, you know, we, we struggle with that and passionately, but we, if, if your idea is so weak that you have to attack the person because your idea won't hold its own water, that's when you've already lost. And so then you've only got a bunch of people that drop to the lowest common denominator are the only people that'll follow a person whose idea has lost. But they're passionate about it. You know, it's just, you've got to be able to argue on the points of merit. And that's basic debate. That's basic common sense. It's basic wisdom. And it's just, it's sad. It's a sad comment about what's going on in our country and how someone cannot look at the ideas represented, the principles represented by different campaigns, and for that matter, the quality of the person that's going to implement those ideas.


Can you stand with that, that or not? And, and that's, you know, and if you think that, then go there. I mean, we've had arguments about that ever since there's been a president. Is the quality of the person good enough? And there's always been someone that said, I mean, the stuff that was written about Abraham Lincoln, unbelievable the stuff that was written about JFK unbelievable. And by the way, you ought to look at JFK's policies and ideas. You wanna see some conservative economic thought bordering on libertarian. Go read what JFK believed about economics. And It was putting in place. It's very interesting for a Democrat. So, but it is, you know, these things, they, the pendulum swings.


People argue and push through different things, and different people have different quality of reasons and reasoning. But this is outta hand. So our vote is for prayer for this nation. That's our vote. Our vote is for prayer for you and your house, that you get your act together. And in spite of who's in the White House, not or not because of who's in the White House, you prosper. 'cause if you're waiting on one of them to prosper your life, you have a long wait. Your life's gonna suck. Because government is not designed to make your life awesome. Sorry, it's not, your cell phone has more power than your president to make your life awesome.


I mean, you can push buttons and stuff actually happens with it. I mean, when, when you push buttons in the voting booth, very seldom does anything actually happen. Think about it. I wanna believe it does. I love election it. I wanna believe it does. But name me a time it did. Well, a couple, a couple of things here and there, but nothing that I went, oh, everything's okay now. No. I know totally. You know? Yes, I hear what you're saying. So, yep. Yep. And, It just, it reminds, it reminds all of us to, to argue ideas. And you don't have to destroy people for your idea to win, otherwise, your idea's not good. Oh, this is The Ramsey Show.


So here's a quick math refresher. There are only 24 hours in a day. So your business needs to streamline tasks that are time suckers and focus on activities that make money. So to reduce headaches as they scale, smart businesses use NetSuite by Oracle, the Number one cloud financial system. NetSuite helps you improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. So join the more than 37,000 smart businesses like Ramsey Solutions that have done the math and graduated to NetSuite. And right now you can download NetSuite's KPI checklist, absolutely free at NetSuite dot com slash ramsey. That's NetSuite dot com slash ramsey.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality Number one bestselling author is my co-host. She and James said that, I said the attempted assassination was on Thursday. If I did, I was, I don't know why I would say that. 'cause obviously it was Saturday. So I know. I Was like, I Don't know if that's the right day. Where were you? Well, the problem is, I'm, I, when I, several years ago, I quit working on Fridays, so th Thursday is my new Friday. So you're just behind, behind And, It throw it throws everything, off's, Everything. You're always behind the day. I'm always screwed up. So anyway, I actually know when it happened. I just misstated it and hey, do it. Do 15 or 20,000 hours of talk radio and see how many things you say wrong. So I'll just, I'll make sure you get there. The Ramsey Summer Black Friday sale is here today through Wednesday.


I got that right. July 17th. You get prices as low as $5. You're kidding me. On our bestselling books. I got more than that in 'EM And Tools to help you Crush Debt Find the Work, You Love. Did y'all hear Paper went up and teach your kids about money? Or simply live a more joyful life. this is like Baby Steps millionaires for five bucks, building a non-anxious life with Dr. John Delony. Five bucks the get clear assessment with for Ken Coleman. Wow. Five bucks Questions for Humans. Couples Edition. Now that's important. Five bucks. All of these are best sellers for, I don't, we must have No, oh my gosh. Get our best deals of this. this is a deal. Summer are Black Friday sale at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash sale.


Apparently I need to work on Fridays to approve these things before I start reading them. But hurry, the sale ends Wednesday, July 17th at 11:59 PM unless Dave changes it early. So go, unless I've it before then I'm a little bit aghast at these wonderful prices, but oh my gosh, we've announced them. So we will still five We're cost the Costco hasn't like upped their hotdog prices and something else. Someone, oh, the Arizona tea guy, they don't up their prices. Yeah. 'cause of inflation. So that's what you're doing, you're giving Yeah, Yeah, yeah. See that, that's true. But the problem is they, in neither case are they losing money. So, and at, well anyway, alright, so Gabriel is in Pontiac, Michigan. Hey Gabriel, what's up?


Hey Dave, thank you so much for taking my call. Sure, Man. How can we help? So I'm calling in because I have a issue where my mortgage is actually a lot more than what I bargained for. The loan to value is super high. I, I bought the home for 275 back in October of Last year. And currently that's how much I have to sell it at. Actually, I have to sell it at two 50 due to the fact that the, the 2 75 included the closing costs, seller concessions and all that good stuff. So right now, I, I tried to have it rented out because I'm currently not living there.


I lost my job a couple of months back and I had to move up here to Michigan. Where is the house? And it's in Tampa, Florida. Okay. If you lost your job in Tampa, Florida, why didn't you just go get a job in Tampa, Florida, dude, Well, the fact that I have to pay like 2.2 k for, for the house and my other expenses, I needed a job that was able to pay somewhat what, what I could afford to pay And, It. It's a very blue collar, dense area. I needed something that was more related to what I was going for career wise. What are you going for?


I wanna work, work directly with the mortgage industry. One of the biggest pain points is the fact that since I got messed over on my, on my loan, I want to be able to learn as much as I can, hopefully work toward making money within the mortgage industry in the future. Oh, there's plenty of mortgages in industry in Tampa, Florida. Well, maybe more than Pontiac, Michigan got, Yeah. BA based on the, well, Michigan itself has the two biggest mortgage lenders in the country, United Wholesale and Rocket Mortgage. And you know, based on, are You, are you working for either one of them?


Yes, I'm currently working for United. Okay, what are you doing? I'm an underwriter. You're a mortgage underwriter? Correct. What were you making before? I was making about the same, I was working as, as an accounts executive for an insurance company. And, what do you make? And 50 5K. And you had a $2,200 house payment on 50 5K. Right. So there was the problem, it really wasn't even the job loss, it was just the stupid purchase. And you pay, you paid more for the house than it was worth. Yeah, basically, I think once everything was said and done, I didn't really realize that if I'm offering 2 55 that I'd actually be buying it.


That plus the, the closing costs, which I paid like 16 grand for at the time. Why that was a super mistake on my end. Why did you pay a bunch of points or something? What's that Closing costs on 2 75 are not 16. You know that as an originator. What, what, what'd you do? Pay a bunch of prepay a bunch of points or something? I I, I couldn't tell you what the closing disclosure said. I I, I'm pretty sure that that included the, i I think five, $6,000 down and then $10,000 toward, toward the actual closing.


Okay. That doesn't, still doesn't get you to, okay. All right. So how can we help you? So since I can't rent it out due to the fact that I bought a 6.1 interest rate and people in my area are renting out in their much lower interest at 1800, I can't really break even. I'm trying to sell, I'm currently belly up with this loan. If, if I do sell anything, like what I bought it for on paper, it shows two 50. That's not including what I actually put down for the home or anything else. So I'd actually be cutting like a, a $15,000 loss on the home. So I just don't know. But you can get rid of it and get it off your back.


Right? H how can I do that? Well, I mean, you're talking about your down payment. Your down payment's just gone. It evaporated, Right? Okay. So if you sell the house for 2 55, you owe 2 75 on it, The loan was two 50. Okay? So you, and you got on the market for 2 55. So now with the real estate commissions and all, you're gonna be in the whole five or 10 grand. Can you scratch together the five or 10 grand? I I, I, I think so, but I prefer if there were any other alternatives Out there. There's not, there's not. You have to pay the difference and get out of this. So let me, let me recap for you, because I think you've made a couple of assumptions that are wrong in your whole decision making paradigm.


All right? In October, you paid retail for a house. Way more expensive than you should have bought making $55,000. Stupid. I've done stupid too. So I can say what stupid looks like I know what it looks like. I've done dumber things than this. But you signed up, you put your name down for a payment that was asinine making 55 grand. Would you agree with that statement? Yes. And. then when you lost your job, it exposed the stupidity. So the screwing of the mortgage company is not what got you in this mess. What got you in this mess is you paid retail for a house.


Now you're gonna turn around just a handful of months later and sell a house for retail, which pretty much guarantees retail to retail. Five months later you're gonna lose money. And that's just the story. That's the story. It's not some big mortgage debacle. It's you signed up for a thing you couldn't afford and you are selling it very, very quickly. And It has not had time to appreciate it all. So you're gonna lose money, write the check. And when I, when I do something stupid, Gabriel and I have done a lot of stupid, I've done a lot. This thing right here is not dumb compared to some of the stuff I've done. I got you beat, man. I got a PhD in DUMB. All right? So I'm not picking on you, but I want you to own this.


That's important. If you own your part in this, 'cause you're acting like you're some kind of a victim, you're not a victim. You signed up for this. Now when you write the check to lose money on this transaction that you as an adult man signed up for, put on the four column of the check stupid tax. That's what I do when I do something stupid and I have to give money away because of it. I put stupid tax on there and I try not to pay the same stupid tax every twice. And that'll get you set up to go win my friend. But there's not a, there's not any, there's not a city. I mean, there's been a few times you could buy something for retail and a few months later sell it for retail. Well, and the 10 grand people are upside down on that, on their car.


Like, this is a house. So if anything you're getting, I mean, I see it as a, as a gift to get out of. 'cause you're, you're having to pay 2200 a month in a place that you're not living. You have To get rid of it. Yeah. You have to write a check and be done with it because you're, you're, you're losing, you're gonna lose more than 10 grand in about 20 minutes on this thing. So you need to write a check and get out of this house as fast as somebody gives you a nice offer on it. Take it and go. Put the difference on a credit card. Go put the difference on a personal loan. You've already got the debt. I'm just moving the debt. I didn't date Ramsey didn't date. And going the debt I just told you to move some of your debt over to something else. I got really have three grand, smaller amount of debt, 10 grand in debt rather than 255.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. this is Delony. And I'm always railing against social media, especially in the summer because everyone uploads the highlight reels of their perfect bodies and perfect vacations and perfect kids. And I know they're not real. And I also know that I'm blessed beyond my wildest dreams, but I still find myself wishing my life was like other people's. And based on the data I know this is happening to you too. Comparison is wired into us, but comparison can also become the thief of joy because we can feel like we're not enough and begin acting and thinking in ways we would never think otherwise. When it all gets to be too much, think about contacting BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, flexible, and suited to fit your schedule. And by the way, therapy isn't just for those who've experienced major trauma. It's for all of us who are ready to get outta the comparison spin cycle and find our own peace and joy in the life we're creating. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Thanks for listening, America, we're so glad you're here. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz. Ramsey personality is my co-host at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Justin's in Spokane, Washington. Hi Justin, how are you? I'm blessed. Good. How can I help? So, about a year and a half ago we were gifted over 3 million into a particular stock from a family member. Wow. We've paid off. Yeah. We've paid off debts, we've built our forever home. We now have about over a million sitting in that stock. But I hate having all of our eggs in one basket. And I'm looking for some tools to diversify and set everything up for our, our kids, et cetera.


Ouch. That's wonderful. I hate it when somebody gives me 3 million, Right? Oh man. Justin, how are you guys? 45. Okay, So you're the guy with the rich uncle always wondered where you were, you know. Oh my gosh. Well y'all have done so well already. Number One. Yeah, you've been very smart. That's very wise. You've been very smart. Those decisions. So the person's still alive, right? Correct. Okay, so you've already discovered from your tax people that you basis to calculate your capital gain when you sell this is whatever they paid for it. Correct. Okay. So in other words, if you have a million dollars in stock left and they paid 500,000 or 400,000 for it, you're gonna pay taxes on the $600,000 gain.


Correct. Okay. Alright. As long as you know that then we're, we're, we're a step ahead. You've done a really good job on this way to go. And. what, which company is it in? Apple. Oh wow. It's great stock. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, no wonder I mean that that stock's done extremely well. Well that's cool man. And you're very smart to not leave it all in one place, even if it is Apple. And I'm a fan. I don't own any Apple, but I'm a fan of the company, of the business and everything. They've done a wonderful job. I mean, I own some mutual funds that own Apple. Lots of them. So you're gonna diversify it so that you don't, if Apple if puts out a bad screen or something that stock tanks, you don't get caught, right?


Correct. Very smart. Very smart. Okay. So your plan is to sell it and do something else with the money after you pay your taxes, correct? Correct. So what do you plan to do? I'd like to find some passive income opportunities as well as setting aside for retirement and, you know, money for the kids if they decide to go to college or trade school or, you know, in the future. Okay. Well I mean, you drop easily drop 50 grand a kid into a 5 29. How old are the kiddos? Five and seven. Yeah. 50 grand in each of those. You'd be done for college. That's it. That's a hundred of it. If you wanna do that. Okay. If you wanna save money for something else for the kids, just save it in your name and you can do something for them later.


Okay. If you want to help them with a house or something later in addition to college. That's very cool. And then passive income What do you mean by passive income? I mean, my wife works full-time. I'm part-time and I also take care of the kids. So I was just looking for ways to just bring in money, you know, use our money to make money essentially. Okay. Alright. May using your money to make money may or may not be passive income. The people, people on tac call real estate, passive income. Real estate's not passive. Okay. No, no, it definitely is not. Yeah, I own a bunch of real estate and if you go buy some real estate, expect it to be active, not passive. So it's good, it's a good investment, but it's not something like you just sit and money shows up in your account.


Mutual funds are pretty passive. I don't do much with those except just watch the number come into my email inbox. Right. Perfect. So I mean, you can do some of that. And if you wanted to buy a piece of real estate, now there are types of real estate that are more active, require more hassle and drama than other types. Okay. So there are very pa there are very low maintenance versions of real estate. For instance, you could buy a little warehouse on what's called a triple net lease. Triple net means they pay the lights and water. The, the tenant, they pay the insurance and they pay the taxes and they pay you rent. Oh, Okay.


And they do the maintenance. So you, that is very, that's close to passive. That's about as close to passive as you can get in real estate. So a little warehouse deal with a triple net lease is a, is a low drama type of real estate to own the highest drama. Real estate to own is very high yielding, but it's, it's a lot of drama. And that's lower income residential. Okay. You make a lot of money on it for the money you put in, but it's a major pain in the butt. Yeah. So, and it's sometimes even dangerous. But the, and I've owned both, both of the two things we're talking about. I don't own either one of those two right now. I, I would've buy one of those warehouses if I found one.


But anyway, that, that's the kind of stuff you're looking for. And then just take your time. You've got time on your side and you know, the, the good news is you can liquidate this stock in 72 hours pretty easy. So until you decide what you're gonna do with it, I'd let it sit there. Correct. Yeah. Unless we've been doing for the Last year and a half, I just, just kind of getting to a point where I'm like, okay, we have all this here. I'm a little worried about, you know, what we can do with it in a smart way, you know, to sustain things. Yeah. But also, well, how to do something. Rachel's husband real Winston, handles all of our real estate and he does some real estate for he and Rachel as well.


So we're real estate people. We like real estate, but not everybody does. And I buy mutual funds. That's the only two things I do. Okay. And you do whatever you wanna do. But those, those are two things that are long term conservative, not fancy. Yeah. And even Justin going and getting, you know, paid for a couple of rentals and, you know, having that, that's kind of a medium way of Think about it. Yeah. Nice neighborhood. Nice neighborhood. Yeah. I mean, if you know what you're doing in real estate, I don't know if you are flipping is great, but you have to like have a team, you have to know what you're doing. I mean that's a, it's a, it's a learning curve if you don't know already. But, but there's, yeah, I've been friends in that, so they're familiar with it and that's something that's on my radar.


but yeah. You know, once again, not having a hundred percent knowledge on it, it makes it a little more tough to just jump in and I know. There's a lot that goes into that. Yeah. And you could start with something small. I mean, even some stuff, you know, Winston's done, I mean, he got a house for like, I don't know, 80, 80,000 I think down like in somewhere Tennessee and put some money in and flipped it. And It was great, but it was the first time of like, okay, you know, it's not like it, it, it's, it's testing out the water to see, okay, do we enjoy this? is this fun? What did we learn? But like, start small is what I would say. but it, but quickly that return, I mean it's, it has shocked me over. Oh that one I One did real well. Well, and, and others. I'm like, it's just, it is a, it's a fun thing.


But again, you have to love it. And that's his job and that's what he enjoys. And you know, all of that. But there's a, a sharp learning curve with it. But if you can get it and Take your people on your team, your time, don't get fancy. Make sure you set the tax money aside. 'cause you're gonna have a tax bill. And if you do all that, you've, you've already done so many smart things. I trust you to do more smart things. I think you're gonna end up with a 10 or a $20 million net worth as a result of this gift. It's not gonna be long at all. Very, very well done. Very well handled. Congratulations. Wouldn't it be cool to have an uncle or whoever, he didn't say who it was, family member just hands you $3 million. Apple. And I get what he's saying where he's like, oh my gosh, we have everything paid for.


What Do I that And like, I work part-time. I'm with the kids. My wife works full time, but we're, but we have a million dollars. Like how can we be living off that? I mean like, there is a feeling of like Invested in mutual funds if you just drop the whole thing, ding in, In a mutual fund. And what? And you live off The And It, it'd make a hundred grand a year. Yeah. And You just live off that return. Yeah. Pretty easy. Yeah, pretty easy. So give Give or take, I mean it might make 80 some years, it might make 140 some years. Yeah. It's Somewhere in there. And that's a little bit of a different call when we talk about net worth millionaires. Usually it's tied up in your primary residence or your 401k that you can't touch. But when you have something that is so liquid, I could, I could hear him be like, gosh, I feel like we could, could have more freedom in our lives or be making money off this money.


Right. So, yeah. So I hear you Gabriel. No. What, that's what passive meant when he said passive then. Yes. Yes. It wasn't the tic-tac people. No, No, no. I think it was just like, gosh, we have a million dollars. Yeah. I ought to be able to put that somewhere. And It ought to send me a check. Exactly. That. That's and that's and you could say in that case a mutual fund, mutual fund is what you would Do. Yeah, that's exactly what I do. Yeah. It's what I've done. but yeah. Yeah. But in addition to that, I bought income producing real estate in addition to that. And you can have, and real estate will typically folks yield you more money than mutual funds will if you purchase it properly, if it's income producing real estate. but it has a lot more hassle to it. Do not be confused that renters pay your payments.


No they don't. You pay cash for your real estate. 'cause sometimes renters are renters 'cause they don't pay. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. As a new dad, I see a lot of things in a new light. The cost of diapers, the value of sleep, and how crucial it is to have a will. Because if something happens to me, I don't want my family stressing about the details. And that's why I recommend making a will with MamaBear Legal Forms a will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want. Instead of a random probate judge deciding who gets your fine China or precious moments collection. Looking at you Aunt Shirley, if you think you're too busy, you don't have enough time, no excuses here. I completed my will in just 20 minutes with their easy online process. Plus if something comes up, you can make changes to your will for free for up to six months until your completely satisfied. And listen, there's a lot of online will companies out there, but what's great about Mama Bear is that there's no membership, no subscription, no upselling. The price is the price. And if you love a good deal, like me, go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com right now and save 20% with promo code Ramsey. That's MamaBear Legal Forms dot com promo code Ramsey


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host. Folks, you've been helping us out there. We appreciate it. We can continue to and we continue to need your help. Well, how is that? Well if you will click subscribe on the YouTube channel or follow or click or subscribe or follow on Spotify or Apple or Google Player, wherever it is you're listening and follow the show. It helps big time. 'cause those numbers push our show out to people who don't know it's here. And that helps our listenership, our viewership. Big time. We know you're doing it. 'cause our numbers are we up? Thank you. And you can click share, send a share, send a copy of the link, send it to somebody, whatever the format is, there's a way to tell somebody about it.


If it's talk radio, we got 608 talk radio stations that carry this show every day all across America. And thank you for that stations. And if you're listening to one of those stations, tell people where we where you're listening. Anne is with us in Lansing, Michigan. Hi Anne. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi there. Hey, what's up? So my basic question is, is it okay for my mother-in-Law to put her money into improvements on our property if we put it in writing that she can then stay with us rent free for the rest of our life? Why would I know you're not a, why would Yeah. I know you're not a fan of No, I'm not a I'm not a fan of this. Why would you wanna do that?


So my husband and I are in baby step two, so we can't really help much financially. We coordinated an FPU class and my mother-in-Law joined in that one. And in doing so, we discovered just how bad her financial situation really is. She's got a paid for house, paid for car, but nothing else except for about $1,500 in the bank. And that's about what she owes on property taxes. So, And how old is she? She's 75. So She's living on social security. She's also still working part-time at about $1,400 take home pay a month. Oh Good. Okay. Yeah. And so she's got about three or 4,000 a month to live on?


Yes. So she's she's doing okay now. Yeah, she'll be, but she is, she is that, that's not going to last forever. And we'd like to have a plan in place before we are having to make decisions from an emotional place. Is she in, is she in not great health? I mean, if she's still working at 75, is she a young 75 or No? No. Okay. She, she is, yeah. She has already, like, she's already broken a hip. She's got two knees replaced. She was just out of work for about two weeks for some internal problems. She has trouble walking. She, she doesn't use a cane anymore. She's rehabbed from that.


But she's not the most spry of people. And she's working, she's working at a women's homeless shelter where the folks there are a lot under a lot of stress and don't have the best conflict resolution skills. And she is not the most tactful lady. So there's, there's a concern that she's gonna push somebody too far Sunday and they're gonna respond physically. Okay. So, alright. That, that, that's okay. And your, your home is how large? So we've got three bedrooms and, and a dining room that we would then convert into her bedroom if she came to live with us.


She doesn't really want to do that, but we know that that's what's coming because she's either staying with us or she's going being thrown to the mercy of a Medicaid nursing home and nobody wants that. So there's no other kids. She has an estranged daughter who hasn't spoken to her in about the last 10 years. Okay. No other kids other than that? Nope. Just my husband. Okay. Alright. How much is her house worth? She paid 75,000 for it about two years ago. It's a really small two bedroom with not in, not such a nice neighborhood. Could you sell it for, for about that It's paid off right?


You said, right? Yeah, yeah. Paid. So you think it would be about 75 still? Right? I'm, I'm hoping it would be maybe more, but sure. We're 75 is kinda what we're thinking. At least now our property is actually two lots back to front on the back lot. There's already a two story barn that has real, that has heat and electricity and really good insulation. We could convert that to a living space by just running water out there and then finishing the inside better. She loves that idea. But we don't have, we don't have anywhere near the cash to make that happen. We would have to, she would've to sell her house, use a portion of the proceeds to do that and then stay there being on our, on our property.


But still having a locked door in her own kitchen. Yeah. And, and you and when she passes you'd have a barn dominium out back. Right, right. So the, there, there's a, there's a coldly I stop, stop a second. Is codes allow that. Yes. A second living unit in in on that piece of property in that neighborhood? Yes. Because, because it's technically two lots. Okay. Yeah, Because you gotta have a building permit and you got, 'cause you gotta be able to sell this again someday. Right, right. Okay. All right. Yeah. But you need to spend 500 bucks with an attorney and have this drawn up airtight.


Okay. That you're promising to let her live there in that property rent free with you. What are you furnishing? Utilities. What are you furnishing? Food? Everything. What are you furnishing? Yeah. Every detail. What you're furnishing. What you're not furnishing. I'm not buying the food, I'm not buying the electricity. Whatever it is you're not, or I don't care which one you buy, but you just write it down everything that is included and is not included and that upon her death that there is nothing owed by you to the estate. Okay. Yeah. I have an attorney draft that there's the other kids gone off the picture and make sure she has a will. The states the exact same parallel thing as this agreement.


Yeah. Yeah. I believe I would do this. Okay. Yeah. You've thought it through real clear. I don't like the concept in general. No. For the rest of you out there, generally this ends up screwed up. And the other thing I'm fishing for, and I didn't find it in Ann's call, was that you do something stupid to your house and make it unsellable. 'cause you build some white elephant that nobody in their right mind would ever buy, but it worked for you for four years. You know, that's what people do. They get emotional about this stuff and justify it. But the way you've got this described separate lot, separate piece of separate building, it's already got water. You've thought that through that's very well done. It's marketable codes is allowing it, you're not destroying your, the value of your current home, you're not destroying the marketability of it.


You don't have another relative out there that's probably gonna swoop in and give you a hard time. And if they do, you could have this hair tight enough given the estrangement that you'd be just fine. But make sure you've got a solid will and a solid living agreement, arrangement, whatever the attorney in Michigan wants to call that. but yeah, I would do this is she's up for that whole idea. Right. She loves the idea and Your husband, but it, his mom, but it not, she would not have to work anymore. Right? That that's correct. She would not have to work. She could live entirely on her Social security keeps supporting the charity. She wants to have a Wonderful way and don't call me back and tell me you spent 115 and went in debt on the barndominium. No. Oh no, no. Like I said, we are rocking baby Step two. We are done with this.


You're gonna Yeah. I know you're gonna rock us 75 and not a dime more on the barndominium. Right? Absolutely. Alright. Making sure we get our boundaries here. And, what I gave permission to do and not to do for your own sake, I don't care. I'm kidding with you. but yeah, that's very, very clear on what you're doing. There's unusual situation and you know her and It's an elderly parent and that's always a hard, hard Yeah. And that's a, I mean, that's a hard place to be when you're, you know, it's that sandwich generation, right? Yeah. It's, you know, and you know, adult kids, you know, if they have 'em, you know, come back and live with them. 'cause times are hard now and you can't buy a house and then the parents are failing health wise and you're ha you know what I mean? It's that sandwiched generation.


So if you, It's weird, it's hard. I just, I just spent an hour and a half this morning recording for Pat's place, pat Head Summit died of pre early onset dementia basketball coach at University of Tennessee. We knew her and our foundation's, one of the people that come alongside that, and they were, they're doing a whole website on how to prepare. Mm. And I, I spent an hour on camera this morning just helping 'em build that website out and giving 'em content pieces just exactly like this, you know, what to do, what not to do. And I was just addressing the same kind of stuff this morning. It's weird. Yeah, yeah. Very cool. but yeah, the early onset dementia and memory loss, that kind of thing is a, is a thing. Yeah. And, and to Anne's, you know, I mean, I applaud her and so many people that it's not always the American way to like, take care of your family.


Other cultures do this really well, but it's that, you know, there has to be a lot of boundaries in place and you wanna do it wisely, but you also wanna honor your pa you wanna help your parents, right? I mean, if something is going down, it's like, gosh, and they don't have anything. She's living on social security working part-time, not in great health. Like there is a I do, I do applaud. And for doing that, I think it's really difficult. I heard a daughter-in-Law that loves her mother-in-Law. Yeah. Very clearly. And the way she described the whole thing. Very well done. this is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, George Kamel here. No matter what platform you use for news or entertainment, you and I both know it is way too hard to keep your feed from getting junked up with bad content. I know I'm not the only one who's gone searching for The Ramsey Show only to find myself two paws and 12 videos deep in a kitten hole on YouTube, which is great, but not what I'm looking for right now. And heck, if you're tuning into this digitally, there's probably some weird scammy suggested content trying to play in the sidebar right now. Cryptocurrency. See what I mean? And that's why I love the Ramsey Network app. It is the best place for uninterrupted easy access to the content that keeps you focused on your goals. It's all Ramsey all the time, which means you don't have to worry about getting off track with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey content. Yep. You heard that right? 7,000. this is your one stop single destination for advice you can trust and nothing you can't. So do yourself a favor, get rid of the distractions and dial things in. All you gotta do is search Ramsey Network app in the app store, or click the link in the show notes to download the Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality Number one bestselling author, host of the Rachel Cruz show. Co-host of Smart Money Happy Hour, both on Ramsey Networks. And my daughter is my co-host today, Skyler's in Charlotte, North Carolina. Hi Skyler, how are you? Hi Dave. Peace and blessing to see you both. You too. What's up? Yeah, I'm calling because my wife and I, we've been really struggling. We're trying to make ends meet.


We're have debt that we're trying to overcome. We know what we need to do. But the main, main thing we're focused on right now is that a couple weeks ago she, my wife got a bill from Discover that we haven't paid is about $7,000 from our move here to Charlotte about little over a year and a half ago. But two weeks after moving, I lost my job. So it's kind of been a struggle ever since then. Trying to catch up on our bills, try to even tackle any kind of debt we both have. And then we're really trying to figure out what we need to do about the $7,000 bill because they want to take her to court now. Mm. So I'm just trying to find out how to address that and then figure out what steps we kind of need to take to be able to even try to think about tackling debt when we're just struggling.


End meet. Yeah. How long have you guys been married? We've been married nine years. Okay. This is probably the scariest y'all have been. It's kind of High stress and terrifying, isn't it, dude? Yeah. Especially when we got three kids and my mother-in-law that we're trying to provide for as well. So yeah. Your Mother-in-law lives with you? Yes. Okay. Wow. I'm sorry man. That's hard. It's the kind of stuff that screws up a marriage. So be careful. We can, we can definitely walk with you. We'll, we'll have some ideas over the next few minutes, but you guys are probably gonna have to get a lot more radical than you've been getting.


I hope you're ready for that. 'cause we're about to set you on fire. Okay. Here we go. You ready? Yes. Okay. Not working for a year inside of Charlotte, North Carolina is not okay. There's plenty of crap to do there. You need to get your butt, you need to get your button gear and get six jobs right now. Ready, set. Go. Delivering pizza, delivering DoorDash, cutting grass, cleaning out septic tanks, walking dogs, cleaning up poop. Have you, I don't care what you're doing, you need to get in gear. Skyler, Have you been working? Yeah. Just to clarify, I eventually did find, because right after I lost my job, I started driving for UPS with my own car and doing DoorDash. And I do have employment. It's just that I, the money that I bring in is enough to pay the bills.


No. What are you bringing in now? Take home is probably about 63,000 after taxes. And Is that just UPS or what is that? No, that's working as a recruiter. Oh, okay. So you got a different job now? Yeah. Yes. And are you working the other side job still? Yeah, just doing DoorDash and What's that bringing in? Not very much. Not doing it much. Yeah. Just trying to find, doing it when I have the time to Yeah, you got time. All right. You're broke. What, what? What's your wife do? She had her own herbal apothecary business, but she had to dissolve that because after moving she wasn't making much money and she's applying for jobs now, trying to find something to try to help supplement.


Yeah. How old are your kids? So we have a 5-year-old, 15-year-old, and our other son is recently turned 21. Okay, Okay. He he's still at home too? Yes. What's he do for a living? He, right now he's working with someone doing like pressure washing and window cleaning. He's making about $16 an hour doing that. 40 hours at least Right now, I know He's, he needs to be working for, he's 21 years old. How old's your mother-in-Law? She's in her sixties. So am I. What's she do for a living?


She's retired. Why? She's broke? Yeah. She's been applying this to jobs as well. Okay. I'm here. Here's what I'm pointing out to you, dude. Your problem when you called in and, and, and I'm, I'm gonna mess with you 'cause I love you, but your problem when you called in is you can't pay your bills and you know why you can't pay your bills. There's not enough money coming into the house. Yeah. And you know why there's not enough money coming in the house. All these grown adults aren't working. Right. That's why work is where money comes from. Everybody needs a job. Ready, set, go. We broke, mama done got sued by Discover.


We about to get in gear people. I am sick and tired of living like this. 21-year-old, get your butt out of bed and don't talk to me about going to happy hour at three o'clock on Friday. Be happy you working. Nah, he is not, he's not saying he He doesn't work, work hard. Nah, I'm just saying I've been 21. Alright, get after everybody line up and get after it because that's what's going on. You, you're working your tail end off at, at less than you used to make, but you can't find time even then to do DoorDash. Yeah. You can find time, throw a brick through your television. Your wife just got, is threatened to get sued. this is where your, this, this is when you get this kind of thing going, that's gonna help.


So the first step to solving your problem Sky mean Even if she made two, $3,000 a month, you know what I mean? Your wife. Yeah. And your mother-in-Law too. And your son. Hello. Everybody that lives there, you don't make enough to feed all these humans that are sitting on their butt. They all got to work. That's what's going on. I'm sorry man. I, I would love it if everybody could lounge around, but we don't have this as an option. And your mother-in-Law, whatever she's got coming in Social Security or whatever else, it goes in the pool. If she living there, it goes right there on the kitchen table with everybody else throws their money in the middle of of the table, we're gonna pay our bills 'cause I'm feeding you and housing you. So we're gonna use your money to pay our bills. That's how this works. Everybody, everybody Bones up here.


Now once you're doing that, anything we could do to get your income up then let's stop and get organized. So Master Discover hadn't been paid in a year, right? Who else hadn't been paid? That was the main one because we used that cart. That's the cart that we used to move. Okay. How much debt do you have total? Not counting the house We rent. So me and my wife combined, we have about 70,000, but that doesn't include her student loans. Okay. What's the 70,000 Personal loans? Credit cards? My, oh, included my student loans about 17,000 in student loans and that as well.


Car? Yes. One. How much? It's about 7,000. Seven. 8,000. Good. Okay. We just, I'm, I'm glad you didn't tell me 50 grand. Okay. No, no. Good. Well that way you get to keep the car. And so, all right, so you've got 7,000 in car. 17 in student loans. 24 but 70. So there's another 40 in credit cards and personal loans. Yes. Plus your wife's student loans is how much? There's over six figures I'm sure. Yeah. And what's her degree in?


Is she a lawyer or doctor? No, psychology. Psychology and Counseling. Oh, is she, is she licensed? No, she's trying to get licensed. She is trying to get licensed as well. So she's actually in, she got Her master's? Yeah, she has her master's and she has her interviews to get into the program to get licensed. Okay, good. Meanwhile, we make money, meanwhile we make money. So hey, we're gonna put you guys into Financial Peace University and teach you how to work your budget and work together. But I'm gonna work everybody in that house. I'm gonna work you hard man. 'cause it's what I did. It's how I got out. It's where money comes from. Go get you some and then get these bills caught up.


I'll show you how I'll pay for it. Hold on. I'm gonna give it to you free.


You know, it doesn't take a degree in statistics to realize this one stinks. 93% of undergraduate private student loans are co-signed. So when you're delinquent and drowning, mom or Papa or Uncle Joe is stuck in that financial stress along with you. But there is a way out why Refi? Why Refi offers a custom refinancing option with a fixed rate loan based on your ability to pay. And the average interest rate why Refi offers is 3.9%, which can significantly reduce your monthly payment and decrease your total cost. Contact y refi at 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or go to y refi.com/ramsey. That's 8 4 4 2 Ramsey or the letter Y, then REF y.com/ramsey. Why Refi is not licensed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Why Refi is not authorized by the New York State Department of Financial Services to service any New York loans funding may not be available in all states.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host today Among the Ramsey personalities, Ken Coleman and Rachel Cruz are by far the most way into politics behind the scenes. We hear some great discussions with these two. Ken came busting in just a moment ago. For those of you affiliates carrying us live, Trump has just announced JD Vance to be his running mate for anybody that cares. And there you go. And so I'm, I love jd by the way, I may not have, I may or may not have predicted that this Way, you might have actually predicted that about a few hours ago, you, you and Ken were having a lengthy discussion while the rest of us were watched and the, and the book held.


Hillbilly Elegy was what brought him to the forefront. One of the things it did. And he's the author of it. It's a great book, by the way. Regardless of whether you agree with Trump or politics or anything else, you'll enjoy the book. It's a great read. It calls me to go down a rabbit hole and read a whole bunch of stuff on Scotch Irish. It's very good stuff, very good information. So challenge you to read that. If you wanna know a little bit more about jd. 'cause it's pretty much a, Well, it's his story, it's a biography. It's kinda like the educated glass castle. If you're a book fan, it's kind of in that genre of Educated Glass Castle. No, it's not. It's not even more educated than Glass Castle was. Both of 'em were About your story it's about people's stories.


Both Of us. Both of those are people that overcame. Yeah. And that you grow up in these wild environments and you're just like, oh my gosh, like It's pretty and And, It. Then go and then go be somebody. Yeah. And they did. Yeah. But I mean, like the, the, the stories and stuff that I, I mean there's people that I just grew up, you know, boring compared to some of these. I was gonna say you, there's probably promise for you based on those two stories. Aaron is in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Hi Aaron. how are you Better than I deserve? My question today is I need a vehicle in the next month and I'm wondering if I should wait and tough it out until I have enough money, which is five to seven grand I wanted to spend on a good, reliable vehicle.


Or if I should go ahead and finance. How much do you have today? I have $800. And you have no, no car at all. So this vehicle is for my significant other. You're gonna buy a car for somebody you're not married to. I mean, it's probably gonna be in my name and then show, drive it. You're gonna buy a car for somebody you're not married to Possibly going into debt. Correct. For that too. Yeah. You won't know how to screw up a relationship going into debt and buy a girl a car that'll make you hate the girl.


What? No, it won't. And not necessarily, but Erin, it's just not, it's just not smart. By the time this is over, why Can't she? Hold on, Erin. Why can't she go buy a car? Oh, there's an idea. Well, I mean, because I mean, I'm the one taking her and transporting her to her, to her job. Yeah. And Well, why can't she buy a car? I mean, Because she just doesn't make enough to be able to have it by the time we need it. We, why do we need a car? She needs a car. You have one By the time you need, we need it. What do you mean, what does that mean? Is there something happening in the future? Yeah. I mean, she has to be able to get to school and then get to her job herself.


Okay. So how, what was she gonna do before you, I mean, like, what were, what was her plan of life to live life independently right before she met you, what was she, how was she doing that anyways? She, I mean, with her parents, I mean, we're 17 and 18. Oh, you're 17 and 18 right now? Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. And she doesn't live with her parents anymore? No, not anymore. Okay. She lives with you. Yes. And you have $800. Yes. And you're 17 and 18. Are y'all in high school? Yes. Yes. Okay.


Aaron? I I know, I just like felt this like, mom heart, you're a kid. Like this isn't your responsibility. this is not, this isn't right. This isn't, this isn't right. You're a kid. You're, you should not be taking care of another teenager regardless of relationship. So that's not, that's, yeah. Who, who's 17? Me. Okay. So you're not a legal adult yet in the, in the great state of Oklahoma until you're 18, you can't sign a contract under contract law of the state of Oklahoma. Are you living with your parents, Aaron?


Yes. What do they say about this? I mean, they want her to pay for her vehicle. And I, I understand that. And it just, it just wouldn't be possible. Yes it is. Right now it's, it's as possible as you paying for it. Both sound pretty impossible. But her buying it as, as, as singularly as possible as you, are you in high school when she's graduated? No, we're both juniors. You're both. And we're going into senior Year. You both are going into your senior year. You just finished your junior year of high school. Yes. Okay. Why did she leave her parents' house?


Just a lot of bad situations. A lot of it. That was pretty vague. Was There, was there safety issues involved? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So The answer to your question is very complex. It's not as simple as you see it. You, you called and asked us, so we're gonna love you. Well, and tell you the truth because we care about her. We care about you. We want you to win long term. Okay? The situation that has set itself up at a very, very young age has very bad statistical probabilities.


And. what I mean by that is the chance of you two ending up married and successful 40 years from now is close to zero. Okay? And there's all kinds of data to back that up. It's not just some kind of old guy trying to pop your little love balloon here, okay? But the deal is, it's sweet that you all gave this girl a place to live. 'cause she's got a toxic home environment. Now. You need to keep her life separate from yours. You are not a legal adult and you do not need to be buying a girlfriend a car. By the way, I would tell you that if you're 27, except for the legal adult part, I would tell you not to buy your girlfriend a car. 'cause it's a good way for her to end up hating you or you hating her while you pay payments on the car.


It really does happen every day. We talk to people all the time on this. So if she wants to get a car, I would suggest she work 24 7 and your mom and dad coach her and feed her and give her a place to live so that she could put all of her money in a pile and get a car, a little three or 4,000 car that she pays cash for while working her tail end off this summer. Then you drive your car and go to school and graduate from high school, sir. And she drives her car and goes to high school and graduates, sir. And then let's talk about combining our finances after we're married someday, if that ever occurs, that gives you the best statistical probability of winning.


Okay? Okay. So there's a, an in-depth body of research done about 10 years ago that says if you follow the proper life order, that your probability of not ending up at the poverty level is almost zero, 97% chance you will not be at the poverty level if you graduate from high school before you get married. And if you get married before you have a baby. So don't be making babies and don't be getting married until you graduate from high school and do it in the right order. If you do those three things, you have a 97% chance of not being at the poverty level in America today.


Isn't that bizarre? Something that simple. And that's what this conversation is scaring Rachel and me for y'all. 'cause you're gonna get this outta order, dude, if you're not real careful. Well, and you're taking on responsibility, Erin, that's not your responsibility. Yeah. You're carrying something as a 17-year-old kid that you don't need to carry. You're a young man and this is not your job. The adults in her life failed her. You're mom and dad are being generous and giving her a place to stay. It is not your job to finance her life at 17. Okay? I wanna relieve you of that. That's not an act of love on your part. It's an act of desperation and displaced, misplaced honor.


Please let mom and dad let her handle this. If your mom and dad want give her a thousand dollars, just give it to her and help her get a car, that's okay. I don't mind doing that. I don't mind helping the young lady. But let's keep this stuff in the right order. And 'cause the way you presented all this stuff to us was like you were two people in your twenties or something and we had to dig into the conversation underneath your bad language that said you were acting like something, you're something you're not. So quit that. this is The Ramsey Show.


If recent times have shown us anything, it's that the least expected events can and will happen. And we have to deal with them. That's why everyone who has a family counting on them needs term life insurance for over 25 years. The only company I've recommended is Xander Insurance. That's because Xandr is a broker that works for you. They search all the top term life plans out there and find you the best rates and make the process of getting coverage quick and easy. You can apply online or over the phone in just minutes. And they offer plans with super competitive rates that don't require a medical exam, making it faster and simpler than ever to get the coverage you need. I trust Xandr for all my insurance needs, and you can trust them too. Don't put off getting term life insurance until it's too late. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82 for a fast and easy quote today. That's xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Rachel Cruz Ramsey Personality is my co-host today. Today's question of the day comes from Aaron in Washington. Aaron says, I'm 32 years old and my fiance is 29. And together we are worth 1.4 million. We have no debt, but I'm having trouble justifying the cost of our wedding with current quotes. We estimate the total cost to be around 50 to 65 at thousand. And that is after cutting out a lot of things that you traditionally plan around a wedding, like a bachelor or bachelorette trip. I was raised in a frugal household and I only recently started to embrace treating myself out from time to time. On one hand, I genuinely wanna celebrate with our friends and family, but on the other, my head and heart hurt the fact that it'll cost us over $50,000, almost $500,000 in opportunity cost based on a 7% compounding annual return for the next 30 years.


Somebody give Aaron A. Glass of champagne, how can we analyze our options and make the right call without looking back with regrets? Wow, Aaron, we know who the nerd is in the family who does 7% compounding interest on your wedding and compares it on the opportunity cost me. I would do something like that. this is where you Live. You're a nerd live. You're a fellow nerd. I salute you Live and enjoy. Oh my gosh. Stop being so uptight. Yeah. Enjoy. So go enjoy. You have the money. The information we don't have is what your household income is, but if you're 1.4 million at 32 and 29, you're already millionaires. My guess is is that your income is probably approaching, you know, one 50 or 200.


That would be my guess, wouldn't you? Oh, I don't, I don't, I'm guessing. I I have no clue. Yeah, I mean, we don't, we assume they're doing very well. We Don't know. Yeah, I can tell you this. The average wedding cost in America today, published surveys, 28,000. I Was gonna say, I think it's, and I saw some 35. Okay. Maybe inflation. It was inflation. So, okay. 30, let's call it 30,000 bucks. Yeah. Right? Yeah. And the average household income's around 70. So people are spending a little less than half their annual income on a wedding these days, as an example. That's average. And you can be above average, it could be below average and you could decide what you wanted to call, whether you call the whole thing crazy or not. Okay. You can, you can have that discussion, that's all fine.


But if you're making 150,000 bucks a year, you're worth 1.4 and you spend 50 grand on a wedding. It is not outta line. It's not like I'm a nerd and I'm frugal, but it's not like blowing my mind. Okay. So the way we look at expenditures is, are they unreasonable? Is not the amount, it's the amount in ratio to your income in ratio to your net worth. Can you put that amount of money in the middle of the kitchen floor and burn it and still be okay? 'cause that's what you're getting ready to do. Well it is. There's a Lot of happiness. There's a lot Happiness, there's a lot of happiness. And It dancing, fun. And then it's over like 24 hours later. Okay. And Memories that you last forever.


Yeah. And the, and the photos will not come out of the storage closet for the next 25 years. So, and the videos won't even be in the right format to watch them anymore. I was gonna say, they're on tvd. You don't have TV VD player now. Yeah. So who's got a DVD player? Who's got a VHS player? Everybody raise your hand. Yeah. So yeah, that, that's And paid a lot of money for that videographer. I'm saying. But Here's The thing. So I had a big old, chunky thing on his shorter life, But life is to be enjoyed. but It is, it is choice. It's to be, I think you spend it and pe I I I think you do it. I think you do it, but you do it in ratio to your income and in ratio to your net worth. And given your net worth and your age, I'm gonna extrapolate an income out of that and say that in both cases, you're okay.


Yes. If you called and said 150,000 or wrote in is what my mother-in-law to be, wants to spend, and I don't, and we make 150, I would say, no, I agree with you. That's too much. Because it's a ratio. It's a ratio to what can you, that's the way I ask myself about some of the things I've spent money on that are, that is consumption. And Aaron obviously says this is consumption. Yeah. He has recently just embraced Himself, enjoying life himself. Enjoying life. Yes. So enjoy It. Yeah, it's good. It's good. It's, I think, I think you're okay, Aaron and I, I think you're okay. Let stop it there too. And you're okay to say that's all I'm gonna do.


I'm not gonna do more Than that. Sure. Yeah. And having a budget is smart regardless of what money you have, because this is a black hole. This can, a wedding can become a, there's the next, the next. So problem is, so you do want a amount that you're like, okay, this feels right. That's, and we're gonna budget around that. That's, That's a good thing to go back to because the, the wedding is one of those things where the players that are involved, if you're doing project management, the stakeholders are crazy and they cannot be told no. No one can tell the mother. No, no one can tell the daughter no. Oh, I think you're talking about Like the florist cake maker, You mean? It's, it's like, so the thing, the thing that we did successfully, and Rachel obviously is the enjoy life, Ramsey.


and so we did successfully with Rachel, Denise, even Daniel, we participated some in that wedding was we set a number and then we said, okay, based on that number, what are you gonna spend on the dress? What are you gonna spend on the Reception? And you have to budget from it. Yeah. What are you gonna spend on the reception and, and break down. Yeah, exactly. What you're gonna have, what percentage of that number. So out of your 60,000, what's gonna be the dress out of your 60,000? What's gonna be the reception? What's gonna be the photographer? What's gonna be the venue? What are you gonna pay the preacher? Well, just gives you a guideline and you manage the, you manage, it's an event management budget and you lay the budget out. Oh, and by the way, you and your bride to be, lay that budget out without any of these other crazy people in the room.


And then you guys are in charge of your life and your money. And that's what we're going to spend. So when you go to the caterer and the caterer goes, oh, for 10,000 more we can, no, this is what we said we were gonna do. And the florist says, oh, for 5,000 more, no, this is what we said we were gonna do. Because every one of them are used to jacking everybody up. It's a jack up industry. And so you've gotta have a plan and you gotta stick to the plan and you gotta be in agreement and unified. Yeah. In a lot of these, it's the first large project you're gonna manage together as a couple. And In a lot of these situations, even just the word wedding, wedding invitation, wedding cake, if you just went and bought cake or got an invite, there're actually been, there's been studies done that. It's significantly marked up because it has the word wedding next to it too.


Oh yeah. No question. So I'll be thinking about that. But put baby in front of it and do too. Yeah. Yes, Yes. but Yeah, it's like, it's like I can go to Ace Hardware and buy a a, a stainless steel screw for for 12 and a half cents. But if you say it's for a boat, it's $12. If you say it's for an airplane, it's $3,700. It's the same screw, you know? I mean, it's the same thing. It's the exact same deal. Yeah. You just, yeah, totally. It's what, what, what does the space allow? And you've gotta manage to that. So Aaron, you've got all of that to manage against already, but then enjoy the day, shut up and enjoy the day. but it doesn't mean no boundaries. That's right. Yeah. We're gonna set the boundaries. We're gonna set a game plan, detail line item out the budget. You're a nerd.


You'll be able to do that. You and your spouse agree to it. Be kind and gentle and just smile and, and tell everyone, now that we've, you know, whatever her name is, and I have agreed to this, no, we've agreed to this. No, this is what we've agreed to. We need to bring it back down to that. And this is what we've agreed to. Well, we can't do that because this is what we've agreed to. And you just keep it, you're gonna, you're gonna say that 4,000 times in the next year. And I'll say this as the, as the woman, I think that the way Aaron spelled, I'm assuming he is a dude. So I think it Did too. If She has had a dream of like, you know, the flowers being this, Well then cut the budget somewhere else. That's right. So like, let her Aaron, Oh yeah.


Like for sure Set the Stone because She's probably, if she wants to spend more or less on the dress, whatever, she's probably, as long as the total doesn't exceed. That's right. It's the same thing. Decorating a stinking house. Yeah. You know, as long, do whatever you wanna do. As long as the total doesn't exceed. That's right. That's Right. Yeah. And so spend more in the living area and downstairs where nobody goes. Yeah. Put the cheap carpet. Right. And let me just say, we, we were talking, we did a photo shoot for the show, the Ramseys. So all the Ramsey personalities, including Dave, we were all together at 10 o'clock this morning. Joy shooting pictures. So some of us were talking before you got there. My Favorite thing, We, Dave hates photo shoots, which Yeah, it's fine. You did great though. You smiled. It was great. But we were talking about, you know, part of the Ramsey plan, like so much of this show, it is helping people get out.


A lot of people are underwater, right? The, the inflation is high, there's not a lot of margin. Right. For the average person listening. And our goal is that you do this stuff over a long period of time and you're gonna see a lot of traction. You're gonna look up and be know five Years, be 1.4 million at 32, Yeah. Five years. And your life is going to look different. So when you get to that point, enjoy it. Like enjoy it, spend, save, and give. It's three buckets. And for some reason, sometimes our Ramsey fellow listeners that are at that got to the point of, of winning, they don't enjoy it. So enjoy Live like no one else. Show later you can live, go to Concerts And give like no one else. Invite A friend, Go to a concert, Go on a trip. Like, just enjoy life.


Not everything has to be on a compound annual return basis. That's true. That was great. this is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. Ramsey trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a Ramsey trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Selling a house, buying a house in this weird real estate market is a little weird. So I suggest you get the weirdness out. 'cause it's a big old transaction, baby. You get the weirdness out by having a pro in your corner. Someone who knows what they're doing. That's high octane, high protein does lots of transactions a year, 5,200, a 300 transactions a year, whatever. If they're in the Ramsey trusted program, meaning they're real estate agents that are endorsed local providers and we have vetted them and we coach them, they're trusted by us, then they are high octane. They're not. Somebody got their license three weeks ago and just, that's your Uncle Charlie at the church. No, no, no, no, no, no. Ramsey trusted agents have years of experience. If you wanna find who can represent you buying or selling in this weird market, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent for free. We'll tell you who the trusted agents


are. Alex is with us in Miami. Hi Alex, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. how are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up? So my, my parents are in their late sixties. I just found out they only have 200,000 saved for retirement. Just wondering how I can help them this late in the game. Okay. Are they willing to accept your help? Probably not. But at least advice. That's what I mean. Yeah. They will accept your advice. I believe so, yes. It would be unusual. Yeah. Well it's Hard for parents to listen to their kids.


'cause we call it the powdered butt syndrome. Once someone's powdered your butt, they don't want your opinion about sex or money Usually. Yeah, I usually, that probably will partially be the case. Yeah. I mean I'm, I'm 26 and I have about that amount saved up already. Yeah. I mean I, which Give, which give you your street cred, but it, with anybody else it would, but it's probably less so with your old man. But you can try. Okay, so you're wanting to just sit down and talk to them and you're asking how to do that? No, the advice to use, I guess, you know, at 67 years old, there's only so much time compound interest, a proper ETF investment.


Do you have any idea what the 200,000 is invested in? I don't know exactly. I'm sure it's a lot of individual stocks and not ETFs. What makes you think that? I've seen some of the portfolio. Oh, okay. Okay. I've, that's one of the things that I've been saying for years now is get rid of the individual's go to good. Yeah. A normal ETF, Well, an ETF mutual fund function about the same way we recommend mutual funds. Typically no big difference for purposes of diversification. They both accomplish that goal and they both have good long track records. If you're doing like an s and p 500 EETF, it's a pretty simple equation. Just like buying an s and p index.


Mutual fund, same thing, basically. So we put our money, and I'm in my sixties across four types of mutual funds. Growth, growth and income, aggressive growth and international. And I look for mutual funds for my long-term investing that have long track records of outperforming the s and p. Okay. And 'cause if I'm not gonna beat the s and p, I might as well just drop it in an index, right? Yep. Okay. So somewhere in that 11 and a half to 13 range is where most of that's gonna fall over a long period of time. As a rate of return, if you've got it invested where it averages 10, it will double every seven years.


So if they're 67, when they're 74, it'll be 400. If they keep their hands off of it when they're 81, it'll be 800 if they don't touch it. Now, do they have other income to live on? Yep. Both parents work. My mom actually had just stopped recently, but about 270,000 they bring in. Wow. So they have, that's why it was shocking. Have they been making that for a long time? A decent bit. They were only, So they just spend like, they're in Congress If only he had listened to you from the get go.


Yeah. There's, you know, some loans that were taken out, still some money on the, the house that was purchased decades ago. Yeah. Well I'm gonna use the two 70 to clean up any debt that's remaining and live, try to live on about 50 to 75 and pile up cash because we have a cash, we have a wealth, as you've not noted, you have a net worth shortfall and you've still got debt on your house. These are two problems going into retirement. So I'm, I wanna become debt free and build an egg as big as I can build it while we've got this fabulous shovel. They've got a large shovel, but they can't live, they can't live on 2 75 the rest of their life.


It's not sustainable. They don't have it. It'll be gone in one year. Yep. So, I mean, Yeah, it's almost the discipline and the new habits of living on less going into retirement is gonna be important. Yeah. So they're gonna have to, I'm saying Be and Raise. Yeah. They're gonna set a new lifestyle. If I woke up in their shoes at 67, I would give it three really hot years and say it's 70, I'm gonna relax until then I'm gonna burn it. Burn it, burn it down, baby. What Does your dad do? What's for a job? He's an advertiser. Hmm, Okay. Yeah. I I mean, I I I would clean up all debt and stack cash as high as I could stack it by 70. And I bet he could do a lot by then, don't you?


If they really got serious about it now I have no idea. 'cause it sounds like somebody at that house has never told the other person. No. Yeah. I mean, there, there's a little bit of that for sure. Well, I mean, some e either, we just all, we live in a constant state of party. I don't know what the, where the devil's 270 grand is going at 67 years old. And if you're broke, I mean, you know, they're not broke, but they're dead. Come close. So I share your concerns. I hope they will adopt a plan. Now, here's what I would do if I were in your shoes. I'll add one last thing to this. Here's how you, those of you that are facing something where you're trying to advise your parents and it's hard for them to listen to you. The powdered butt syndrome and all that.


Don't talk about their failures or what they need to do or what's wrong. Talk about what you did. Just say, dad, you know, here's what I did and I've already got 200. I'm only 26. Here's what I did and I did this and here's what I did. I sacrificed now because I knew if I could get outta debt, I would've stability and sustainability. And I had the ability to build wealth. All of these abilities are on there. So get rid of the debt, dad. That's what I did. And then it was able, and, and gosh, if you were to do that, I can help you. I would coach you. I'd be, I'd be your biggest cheerleader. I'm not gonna interfere in your business if you don't want me to. But man, I'm so excited about what this has done for my wife and I. this is for our lives and how we've changed because we're doing this stuff in any of this that you would allow me to share with you, I would be so honored.


And that's your only shot. I was gonna say and then temper your expectations. Yeah. 'cause as many parents at that point wanna change the way they've been doing money at 67, like you always say, Dave, sometimes you don't wanna change. I'm Not going, not gonna change. There is a point that they get. They're like, and, and you can't change that Alex. Like, you know, I mean, as, as good of intentions as you have and as much as you wanna see them do something different, you can't, you can't, you can't force them to change. So there's, so I'd say have some realistic expectations just going in to that conversation too. Yeah. We've been transparent on this show a lot about that. I, I've said it many times on the air that the hardest stage of parenting is when your children are grown.


'cause you no longer get to tell them what to do and they can just go do stupid stuff and you just have to watch. Now, mine have not done anything extremely stupid. But they don't always do things or you, they don't do parents. And we're like, whatcha are doing? Don't do perfect. They don't do things perfect. And you know, here's another thing. Here's another stage that's really frustrating when your parents won't do what you think they should do. Yes. And you think what you're, you, your parents are doing things that you think are stupid. That's hard too. Right? Rachel y Don't do a lot of that, Rachel. We're not doing anything extremely stupid. but it just Is. You're all adults. I can't believe you bought that table and you No, I can't believe you're spending that on that. I can't believe you. You know, but you never say that 'cause it doesn't do any good and it's not your job to say that.


You don't have a position to say that. So you just have to stand back and watch people that you love be different. And that's hard for kids with their parents. Yeah. It's hard for parents with their grown kids. And in his case, he's truly like, it's boundaries. The well, well, and the wellbeing of his parents is at stake is what he feels. You know what I mean? Like, they don't have the money, Money for retirement's hard. He's a he's to say it, but Yeah, exactly. Exactly. But it's not, it's not a minor discomfort about how you cook a steak or something. That's not what it is. Right. But it's Right. but it is a, you made the mashed potatoes wrong or something, but it's not, it's not that. But it's, but, but And It is coming from a good place, but you still have the same problem. It is, it's a, it's the hardest relationship is for grown people that love each other dearly.


To let them have boundaries and let them have their own space. this is The Ramsey Show Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host. Thank you for joining us America. Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality Number, one bestselling author many times over and co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour show with our own George Kamel, all on the Ramsey Networks. She's my co-host. Oh. And my daughter today political correspondent this week as well.


So if you need any politics, she's, I Love politics. She's our Internal update on this. And she has way too much fun with the circus. No, I just love watching the conventions. I love I all of it. So I'll be watching now, I'll be watching the Democrat in in August. I'm watching all of it. All of it. Every speech, everything. I love it so Much. I do. I love it. But in the meantime, we're gonna, we're gonna harness all of that energy to help you folks right here. Susan's with us in New Orleans. Hi Susan. how are you? Hi. I am well. Thank you so much. Good. How can I help? Well, I am, I'm learning how to navigate my finances alone for the first time in 30 years.


Hmm. And I am, I hope that I'm not confused, but I have a $750,000 variable life insurance policy that I've had for about 20 years. It's something I carried after one of my employ after leaving one of my employers. And I've recently looked into this to try to understand more. And It has about a $1,500 cash value after Wow. After years of paying hundreds of dollars a month in life insurance in this premium. Wow. You said recently alone. Are you widowed or divorced?


I'm divorced. Okay. After how many years of marriage? 30. Yes sir. Wow. I'm sorry. That's a heartbreak. And who's this policy? With which company? It's metropolitan. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Typically, what a variable universal life policy applies to is, obviously it's a type of cash value policy that you pay extra form beyond what you would pay for term. And the extra goes into an investment. And with variable, it generally is mutual funds that you select the mutual funds or they select 'em for you with a, with a, you know, a rubber stamp situation and you don't even realize you did it. But basically it's going into that.


Then they take all of their fees out and so you don't get anywhere near the return that you would've gotten. Typical nationally, the typical variable is about 4.7% rate of return on an investment that not counting fees should be yielding north of 10. So it's an absolutely bad product, but I cannot, it's hard to fathom that you paid 20 years and only got 1500 bucks out of it. That's hard to believe. That's, That's what it shows Dean. It's one of those things where I never really my Phone Have you called them? No, that's, that's on my list. But I just wanted to really start to understand more about the policy. Yeah. So that I had some information. It's Possible that it is a, a dumbed down product that was sold as an HR benefit through a benefits company.


And by dumbed down, I mean that they didn't charge you enough over what the actual life insurance was for there to be any going into savings hardly. Okay. And so it's, I don't know what you've been paying, but, or the policy 750,000. So it's less than a million dollar policy. How old are you today? I'll be 65 in September. So you bought it when you were 45. And was it guaranteed issue? Meaning did they make you to go through a medical No, it was one of the things, one of the benefits that I signed up for when I went with that employer. Right. But they did not have any medical and check, like if you bought a million dollar policy, they're gonna check medical usually.


Yeah. No sir. Okay. Not, not any of That. So guaranteed issue is what that's called. And that is a, that's a standard in the benefits world. There's nothing wrong with it, but it's a more expensive type of insurance because they're taking more risks 'cause they're not checking people's medicals. Does that make sense? Okay. And so you were probably paying a lot more of what you should, what you were paying a lot more of it was going to insurance versus if you had just bought a regular variable universal from them out in the open market and done a medical. Okay. So that's part of, part of where you got ripped off? Probably. And my other guess is, is that if I knew the premium amount, it probably wasn't enough to have a lot spilling over into cash value.


So it's very possible that what you've learned is true. I'm, I'm sad to say now the good news is you can stop doing it. You have a hole in your pocket, you don't keep putting money in it. And then we need to ascertain, even if you need life insurance at 66 years old or 65 years old. Right. So do you have assets? I do. I I own all of, I don't have any debt except for my, the mortgage on my house. And, And then I have a fixed reti, well I have two fixed retirements. One from my military service, one from my current employer. Is there any children that came on late in the game that are still dependent upon you?


No, sir. Okay. So financially speaking, not emotionally or relationally, but relat, financially speaking, no one's counting on you. So if you didn't leave life insurance from a dependent standpoint, you that the family's not gonna be damaged? No, I would like to have life insurance that would cover any mortgage amount I would have. So my children wouldn't assume that. They Don't assume it. The house will cover it. Okay. Yeah. You don't need to leave your house mortgage free by paying this policy and buying another policy at your age or my age is not usually a good mathematical plan. Right. So how much money do you have in your nest egg?


I have about nine months worth of expenses. Months do have for nine months. Retirement nest egg of any kind? I, well the 401k I had during my marriage and I did not leave my marriage with that. Okay. So he got that. And so you don't have a quote pile of money in a retirement account somewhere? No, I don't. Okay. You're living off the pensions and that leaves you just fine. Correct? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Are you still working Susan? I am. Okay. How much? Yeah. What do you make? And I'd like To keep working. I left what I do, so I don't, I'm not in a rush to retire. Good.


What do you make About a hundred thousand dollars a year is my salary. Good. Good for you. Okay. And what's the balance on the mortgage? 218 And. what is the house worth? 3 25. Okay. 3 25 to three 50 I guess. Okay. So if you were to pass away tomorrow without life insurance, the kids would sell the house, there'd be a hundred thousand on the table, they would pay for a funeral and the smoke would clear and they would all get a little bit correct? Correct. Yes sir. Okay. I'm not buying this life insurance policy another day then I, and I, I agree with you.


That was my first reaction. But then I'm thinking, I mean, and the premiums have gone up every year. Yeah, they do. It's FIH Yeah. But these, this is hundreds of dollars a month for years that I have been paying. But that doesn't make, it doesn't mean you wanna keep doing it. No, but I just made the bad decision with that investment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I think you probably did. but it, as they say, water under the bridge then. But I would call them too, Susan, because I'm gonna call 'em and make sure I understand that. And an deal they, they left off a zero or something. I don't know. Maybe there is more in there. And, It was a typo. It's possible, but I think with it being a guaranteed issue, and I think with it being a benefit, they lowered the price on it so low that they weren't, they didn't put enough in there to cover the insurance And Yeah.


but it just was so expensive just for the insurance side. I know. 'cause she didn't do medical that Man. Well that's, that's because variable life insurance is a complete rip off. It's the payday lender of the middle class. But you know, she's, I'm and I'm here. She's 20 years later paying into it. I'm so sorry. Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals.


Download EveryDollar for free on the app store or Google Play. Rachel Cruz Ramsey personality is my co-host. Open phones at Triple. Eight eight two five five two two five. If you invest a hundred dollars a month from age 25 to age 65 in a decent growth stock mutual fund, it will be $1,176,000. So you should be taught this in the sixth grade so that you start investing in your twenties because it doesn't take a lot to become wealthy.


Our last caller put hundreds of dollars a month for 20 years into a ripoff life insurance policy. My point is, if she had put that money in a fruit jar and just stacked it in the seller, she would have a whole lot more than she has in that policy. Like tens of thousands of dollars. I mean, she's putting in what, let's say two Hundreds a month's. What It said, let's say 200 a month. Okay. That's $2,400 a year. And, and so in 10 years, that's $20,000, $25,000 in, in 20 years, that's $50,000 would be stacked in her seller.


If they, if they have 1500 as her cash value, what that tells you is they screwed her. That's what that tells you. Okay. She not only didn't get a rate of return, she got a negative rate of return they stole from her savings to pay for high priced life insurance. That's exactly what that product does. By the way. If however, she had not put it in the seller, And It wasn't $50,000 and she had instead put it in her 401k, or which she lost in her divorce, but, or negotiated away in the divorce or whatever happened there. Or she put it in just mutual funds, hundreds of dollars a month for 20 years it would've been several million dollars.


And so that's how bad these cash value life insurance products are. It's not just a little bit wrong, it's millions of dollars wrong over 20 years. Millions with an S, lots of millions. That's just bizarre to think about. And if you wonder how the, as a buddy of mine used to say all the time, there's two main towers in the skylines, banks and life insurance companies. Mm. And in the old days particularly, that was true in the skyline of the average city, when you drive in, there's two towers, there's two sets of towers, banks and life insurance companies.


And who you think built those? Well it wasn't built by Santa Claus. You built it with your money getting screwed by those people in both cases. Yeah. So instead of 200 going to an insurance policy, she could have paid 30, $40 for a term life and then you would've had 150 to invest. Right. Like that's the, that's the problem is the Difference in what you pay. Yeah. From a dollars a term. You could buy that easy at 45 years old. Yeah. And so you buy inexpensive term insurance for the time that you actually do need life insurance. Yeah. Half the time she kept this policy, she didn't need it, she kept it. 'cause it was an investment. Yeah. In air quotes an investment.


Larry is with us. Larry is in Kansas City. Hi Larry. how are you? I'm doing Better than I deserve. Cool. How can I help? So, a little backstory. I come from Seattle and I ran a company there for 10 years. Basically we got it from 2 million to about 17 million, 17 million when I left. And now I live in Missouri, close to Kansas City. And I came across this business here. That's the, the couple that that owns it. They're elderly and they're willing to sell it.


I guess I just kind of came across, I was buying blades for my mower and this place they sell mowers, zero turn mowers. And they're Number one in three states I believe here. So I don't know how much they want for the business or anything, but I've never had experience buying a business. And it's a small family business. What Was the business you were running before from two to 17? It was a steel flashing business and also created a store within, within the production. You were the CEOI was just the general manager there.


Oh, okay. So you had other leadership team that helped you do that, not just by yourself. Yeah. The owners and then there was me. Ah, Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. But the owners were pretty absent. They just invested into new machinery pretty much. And that's it. Yeah. Okay. All right. And so you're thinking about buying a lawnmower business just because you stumbled. Just 'cause you stumbled into it? Sort of. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well we, we advise and coach about 10,000 small businesses under entree, leadership brand across America. I do a podcast every week called Entree Leadership where we get talk to small businesses.


And I will tell you, running a small business is too tough to do something that you just stumbled into. You better really care deeply about it. 'cause it's gonna take a part of your soul. You have to. Yeah. They've been here for 50 years already. I know I'm talking about you. I'm talking about them. Yeah. Yeah. They love it. You stumbled into it. You need to love it to do it. Number one. So you need to search that part of your heart. Don't just buy a small business. 'cause the numbers work. That'll make a, that makes for a long day and a lot of stress. No fun at all. Okay. It's just too tough. There's too much, too much rough and tumble, too many splinters, too many black eyes, too many problems to you.


Better love it. So you better love something about machinery. You better love something about the people that buy that kind of machinery. The people you're serving, the guys and gals that run lawn care businesses. The guy who just desperately needs a zero turn mower for no apparent reason. All of these people, you better care deeply about them. Now then I'm gonna find out, you know, a solid p and l that a profit and loss statement and the value of the business has nothing to do with the gross revenue. It has everything to do with the net profit. Yeah. After everything is paid, what is the real profit? And that should match the last several years of tax returns. And I want to see both of those before we even talk about anything.


Okay. And then let's pretend, you said they're in several states. It sounds like it's maybe a $10 million plus top line. Is it? Well they, he mentioned that they sell about 300 mowers a year. Oh, okay. Plus they have a probably not service. Yeah, probably not. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably not 10 million plus they Have 300, I mean 300 mowers. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's a few million dollars. Okay. No, I was wrong. Okay. It's gonna, it's not gonna be 10 million. So let's pretend the thing after everybody has been paid managers and everyone as if you were an absentee owner, is bringing in a hundred thousand net net net profit.


After all the smoke is cleared, it's worth a maximum of four times that. Okay. 25% rate of return on your money. So if it brings in a hundred, it's worth 400 max. And I don't care what the inventory's worth, they can sell off the inventory, get more than they should sell off the inventory. 'cause the inventory's only got a value to the extent you can turn it over and turn it into profit. Oh well we've got a 50 year name. Name's not worth anything except to the extent it brings in profit. Business is not a hobby. Business makes money and money is how you measure the value of a business. Period. Not people's feelings. And people like you're talking to have a lot of feelings.


And I don't wanna be mean or anything, but I couldn't give crap less about their feelings. Yeah. When we put a valuation on this business, it's based on the actual numbers. Not based on they've worked really hard or based on their very sweet people or based on their service to the community. I great all to the extent you make a profit, otherwise you have a hobby. Or let's relabel the thing. Non-profit on purpose instead of accidentally. Okay. So that's how you get into this and lay it out. And you got, you got some digging to do before you figure out if you really wanna do this or not. And I'll go back to my first point, Larry, you better love mowers and people that buy mowers. 'cause it's gonna take a whole lot of your life if you buy this business.


It's what you gotta do, man. You gotta lay into it. You know that from your experience before you gotta lay into it. this is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. When it comes to teaching kids about money, moms tell me all the time just how overwhelming it can feel to get started. That's why I'm so excited to tell you about Financial Peace Kids. This toolkit was designed to make learning to save, earn, spend, and give money fun for both you and your kids. The best part, it only takes 10 minutes a day. Yep. Just 10 minutes. You've got this. Pick up Financial peace kids at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store


If you wanna win.


Winning is an intentional act. As a matter of fact, it's a series of intentional acts that causes this thing we call success. No one accidentally wins the Super Bowl. They practice, they work, they plan, they strategize, they lean in. They focus exclusively on their task. No one accidentally stays married 40 years. No one accidentally raises good kids. No one accidentally is successful at their career. And no one accidentally builds wealth. It's not random. It's a series of intentional acts. One of the intentional acts is planning and making EveryDollar behave. EveryDollar needs an assignment. If you don't make your money behave, you will always be broke and wonder where it went. You have to make your money behave. You have to be a a lion tamer with a whip and a chair. And that's what a budget is. You're making the money behave. EveryDollar gets an assignment. That's why we named the world's best budgeting app that we built that tens of millions of people use every day. We named it EveryDollar because EveryDollar needs an assignment. When EveryDollar is aimed at winning, you will win. It's that simple. When you wanna work the baby steps, we'll show you how. When you wanna work together in unity with your spouse, we can help you do that. EveryDollar, the budgeting app will do every bit of that. It'll keep the pulse on your spending, make progress on your money goals. It's why it's the world's best. You can download EveryDollar for free in the app store or on Google Play or at EveryDollar dot com.


Winning is an intentional act. Heather is with us in Nashville. Hi Heather, welcome to The. Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Hi Rachel. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? My husband and I are on baby steps four, five, and six. And we wanna be intentional about how we plan our finances for our family. With a recent change two years ago, my husband's mother passed away from a LS and we learned that it was familial. A LS Normally no one knows why anyone, when anyone has it, 90% of chances are, or or cases are unknown.


But 10% are actually familial with a genetic marker. So we learned that she died of familial a LS and there is, at this point, a 50 50 chance that my husband will have it. Did her parents have it? There's no way to know. Her father had it and her, she has a, a sister that also died from it. So, yeah. Oh gosh. Oh, Heather, I'm so sorry. Hmm. Thank you. Just is, they We're testing to see if they have, if he has the gene, are you able to find that out? He's Dr. Marker. You said he Dr to marker Actually, well there is a test available. I mean, and you know, you get half of your genes from one parent and half from another. So that's where we know there's a 50 50 chance and there is a test to identify one of the 20 most common.


Oh, so there's not a single singular marker. Correct. It's not a singular marker. But she wasn't able to be tested before she died. It happened so quickly If they don't know what the markers are. I'm just curious. I'm not, I'm not questioning I'm, I'm, it's not passive aggressive. I'm just truly curious if they don't know what the markers are, how do they know it's familial? Well, they actually identify it as familial because of the family history. Just The history. Just the pattern Had family, Family members, the pattern. But there's not any actual medical, the pattern. It, it's just a highly, the statistically unlikely pattern. Yeah, okay. Precisely. That makes sense. Okay. But it's been my husband's decision. How old is your husband?


He's 40. Wow. Okay. And I'm 30. So you guys are checking those markers just to, Yeah. Will y'all run that test to see outta 20 Gene piece of patient mind or whatever? It's interesting you ask that. My husband has decided that he doesn't wanna do it. Oh, okay. Because he just wants to live every day. Its fullest and not plan for a death. But we wanna be financially stable and make the right decisions for our family. So I'm just looking for some advice. Wow. Advice. So, I'm sorry for the reason for your question, but it's a great question. The, the answer is do the exact same things we teach everyone, but it's going to be with much more seriousness and attention to detail.


For instance, you know, if you've been listening, Heather, that we tell everyone to have a will and everyone to have a detailed explanation of the will to everyone involved in the will. Okay. Okay. And so if his brother thinks he's going to get something and he is not, you need to tell him now. Okay. That kind of stuff is what I'm talking about. My guess is, and in the situation you're saying he's gonna leave everything to his children and his wife or to his wife to take care of his children, right? Yes. And we have very young children, a 6-year-old and a six month old. And we didn't make the decision lightly to have a second child when we knew that there was that potential.


Did He have life insurance in place? Yes. And we both have like 750 K in life insurance term life with about 18 years left. Okay. That's good news. Okay, good. Good. Well you were not dropping that for sure. No. And we're gonna have a detailed will and you know, he needs to, what is the name of that book? Oh, there's a book. A thousand years ago I endorsed this book. Letters. Letters from dad. I think it's called Google. Oh, you don't have your computer open. Okay. I got My phone though. You got your phone. Whip it. It's got trustee phone out. See if letters from dad's.


Not a thing. And I actually did this for about three years and then I dropped it 'cause I was lazy. But the guy, oh Yeah. Greg Vaughn. Hmm? Greg Vaughn. Yeah. That's it. Green cover. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. Okay. but it was 25 years ago. You were a little kid. And so it's writing letters to your kids and they, he sell, he sold like a wooden box and you could, each kid had a box and write letters to your spouse. And so these would be treasured items later in your life was the idea. It's a legacy piece makes you cry when you read the whole book. Okay. And, It made me, made me go do it for a while. I did it for two or three years. There's a wooden box somewhere in Rachel's life.


I have no idea where it is, but it's got four letters in it or something. But when she was five, but I, I made a run at it. So, but that kind of stuff, you know, and videos where, or occasionally you just throw 'em in a, in a, a Dropbox or in a, in a file somewhere. You keep 'em. I would just be cognizant about legacy things with the kiddos. Does that make sense? Sure. Yeah. Pro probably more serious than the average bear. And then, but make sure your will, your life insurance, your details of the estate plan are in place so that if you ever get a diagnosis, you don't even have to think about that. It's already done.


Okay. We're not rushing around and trying to do it in a period of months or whatever before we have to, before we loses the ability to do it or something like that. Right. Go ahead and do that kinda stuff. Sure. That's a healthy exercise for everyone listening. By the way, I have a very detailed estate plan that I did not drop the ball on. And it's how one of the ways you say I love you to your family is, is you, you take the stress of how they're gonna make it And, what they're gonna do, And, what they're gonna do with this and that, and who's gonna fight over what. All that stress is gone. 'cause all handled while you're alive, life and in detail. And the more of that you have, the more peace you have on this issue. And then he can do, he can do what he's decided to do and go about his life and live.


And Heather, the, the medical side, did insurance cover it for his family that has gone through this? How does that, how did that play out? I'm just wondering. From medical bills on your behalf. He did not have insurance. Okay. And. It actually happened very quickly. Within two months of diagnosis she had passed. Wow. My gosh. So we had, we had missed some of the initial signs and warning signs. So wow. We know what to look for at this point. But there is an average life expectancy between two and five years from a Diagnosis. Yeah. Yeah. I've lost two friends to it. And both of those were over two years. So from a medical bills side. Right. Does insurance do, have you guys like looked through? Is it, do you have adequate insurance that if this did come that most of it would be covered?


We do. Okay. We do have adequate insurance. I'm, I'm not sure to what capacity because you know, you never know how the longer you're alive, obviously the more expensive it is. Right. Yeah. The more I know about that kind of thing. The more I build my emergency, find up. I was gonna say that too. The more peace I have, I would probably have just some more cash. Just, yeah. Okay. But there's really nothing. Our assets are, There's no big change to cash Real estate. Yeah. No big change to what you're doing. Just lay out a detailed plan and everybody knows the plan, which you should be doing anyway and you know, make sure your insurance is there, whatever's not there. Make sure you got cash to cover and then I'm with him. Go about living your life.


I like that. That's pretty cool. this is The Ramsey Show. Our scripture of today. First John five 14. this is the confidence we have in approaching God that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us. Henry Ford said if I had asked people what they wanted, they would've said faster horses. Oh, I like it. That's good. That's good. Alan is with us in Virginia Beach. Hey Helen, what's up? Hey there. Thank you so much for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So my husband and I are looking into buying a house probably in the next four years and we are starting to budget out for a down payment and I'm a longtime listener and I've heard you all talk on the show before about building your deck and I was wondering if you guys could go into a little bit more detail about that as far as, you know, your down payment plus your closing costs and your inspection and all of that.


And see if you could give us kind of an estimate on how much we should be planning to set aside in addition to a down payment. Okay. Well, I mean you're gonna have a few things that you pay for in the closing costs and a good real estate agent can lay out what is normal and customary in your area. One thing you'll wanna buy if the seller does not provide it and you don't negotiate it from the seller, is a title insurance policy. Typically if you're getting a mortgage, the mortgage company's going to make you buy one for them. And you can buy simultaneous issue for just a few dollars. But you need to find out what that's gonna be in your situation.


I assume you'll be getting a mortgage More than likely, yes. Okay. Title insurance ensures the, that the title is clear that there are no clouds on the title. Never buy a piece of real estate without title insurance. I bought thousands of pieces of real estate I've never bought without one without title insurance. Okay. And I've actually had a few claims and I'm really glad I had it because sometimes people screw the title up and do it improperly and then you've got a mess on your hands. That's tens of thousands of dollars. Doesn't happen very often, but when it does, it's a mess. So title insurance is one thing. Again, if you're getting it with your mortgage company, it's required because they want to have policy covering them.


You can get a simultaneous issue for a few hundred bucks. That covers you as well. So that's one thing. The second thing is you're gonna have prepaids, they're called, and you're aware in most house payments today, you have a house payment that is principal and interest to the bank. And they also collect approximately a 12th of taxes annually and a 12th of insurance annually so that they can build up the escrow account with those two things in it to pay the taxes outta that and pay the, the homeowner's insurance outta that to ensure that the taxes are paid and the insurance is paid. That's why they do that. And to set that up will usually be three or four months of each of those.


So whatever your tax property tax is, bill is four months of that. And whatever your homeowner's insurance is, four months of that to set up your prepaids, they're called, it's prepaying. And setting up that escrow account to be able to do principal interest, taxes and insurance pi ti as you go along. Typically there'll be a survey fee. Usually that's not super expensive, it's, if it's in a neighborhood, 75 to 200 bucks, typically there's an appraisal, usually 500 to a thousand dollars somewhere in there, depending on your area. And so you're gonna have these miscellaneous things that fall into the heading of closing costs. And they're, depending on your area And, what your tax rates are and all those kinds of things, you're probably looking at about 3%.


Okay. Awesome. But again, what I would do, since you're such a planner and you're doing this well, well well in advance, get in touch with one of the Ramsey trusted real estate agents in the area and have them give you an example of a house in the neighborhood. You might be looking at, okay, here's what a closing document might look like, a closing statement. And you can say, okay, there's those things Dave was talking about, line item down through there. And then you're gonna be able to say, okay, on that house, a 300,000 house, it was $3,000. Oh, okay, so it's 1%. Oh, so now it was 6,000. Okay, it's 2%. Right. That kind of stuff that, that's what you'll be able to figure out. And it'd be fun for you as a first time home buyer to see all the items that make up this vague category of closing costs.


'cause they all actually do make sense. They're not ripoffs, they're all things that you do need. You do need a survey, you do need an appraisal, you do need title insurance, you do need to set up your escrow account. All those things are fine, there's nothing wrong with 'em, but when you add 'em all up, you kind of get a sticker shock moment. You go, they're ripping me off of these closing costs. And no, not really. They, you just gotta know what they are. And so dig in there and figure out what they are and that that'll help you get a good solid estimate. 'cause it, it does change from area to area. And a lot of it is based on the, the cost of insurance and the cost of taxes in your area. That'll throw this number a bit. Are you gonna pay any points upfront? Which I wouldn't recommend, but are you paying an origination fee, which typically you are gonna pay, which is a point or a half a point or something like that to get into the loan.


All of that's gonna be figured in there. And again, a good real estate agent can help you map all that out. And also, Rachel, we've got a great website on our stuff at at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate that goes into a whole bunch of that stuff. It's, it's a information hub. Yes. And there's just so many details. I mean, as you were even just talking, I was like, oh my god, just so much. And that we have so many, so many blogs, articles, con points of contact for people in your area to go and to get, yeah. To get this all. Because sometimes I feel like you, it takes a little bit to actually learn it. So go to ram solutions.com/real estate and go and read research. And again, you can find Ramsey trusted pros there on that website too.


If you wanna call, just like you mentioned to reach out to somebody. Yeah. And just, well, it's okay to nerd out on it. One of the things when you're doing something the first time is it's always scary because of the unknown. Yep. And so the more you know, the less fear there is. And so just dig in, get, get sample closing statements on a property, either the size you're talking about looking at, and then you can back into it and tell every, every bit of that. Alright. Allison is with us in New Jersey. Hi Allison. how are you? Hi Dave. It's such an honor to speak with you and Rachel, I follow you on Instagram and I just have to say, I love your posts about all your Walmart finds and, and all your books and everything.


So I'm a fan of Thanks Allison. You both appreciate that. Cool. How can we help? So I'm in a really difficult situation right now and I don't know what to do. So I, I'm getting a little emotional. So I, I'm in my early forties. I've been in a long-term relationship and my boyfriend is not sure if he wants a, a baby. And I, I want a baby and I'm, I'm running out of time and my question is, I don't know if I should take out loans to be able to even just start the process and afford like egg retrievals or if I should get a second job.


I just feel like honestly kind of like trapped and I'm not sure what to do. Wow. I'm so sorry. That's a Harsh Thank You. Harsh Situation. I, Well How much, I mean, Allison I know There there's two things. Go Ahead. Well, women that are Yes. That are at your point and they freeze their eggs, you know, they kind of go through a process to say, you know, can I, you know, freeze time for a little bit while it kind of buys you time. Have you, how much is all of that? Have you looked into all that cost-wise? I have, I've met with the fertility clinic. And It will be about, well they think that I'll need multiple rounds just because of my age.


I did have an initial screening and it looked like I had some empty follicles. They did a retrieval, actually, And It wasn't successful, but all my numbers went up. And so it looks, anyway, things are looking better like physically, but it's really expensive. So it would be like, probably like for three or four rounds, which the doctor thinks I'll need that. It will be about like $70,000 Just for egg retrieval. Hmm. Well, for, for All. 'cause I mean, a single, a single round of IVF is around 7,500. Well, I guess that means for everything if I end up, you know, you know, having, Okay, let's, let's break Thisor, let I, I'm, I'm just, yeah, this is an emotional and a very important topic 'cause nothing's more important to me than babies.


I love babies. I want you to do this, but I want you to do it in a wise way, not in a way that, because 70,000 is not the number. Well get a second opinion and I would Get, you need to get six more opinions. Yeah. You need to go shopping on this kiddo, because I think you can do a simple egg retrieval. I'm not a doc, but I mean, I, wait, put it, I I'm not throwing out a number. I have no clue what that Is, but, well, I mean, we've done, we've talked about IVF on here many, many times at 7512, 5 in there, not 70 grand. And that's the full freaking procedure. So you need to get the, that's, that number's not right. I want you to check and then you gotta decide about your relationship issues and how you're gonna go forward with all that too. That's a whole nother bucket that puts us out in The, Ramsey Show in the books.


We'll be back with you before you know it. In the meantime, remember, there's ultimately only one way to financial peace and that's to walk daily with the Prince of Peace Christ Jesus. Hey folks, Dave here. You want to hear even more life-changing content from Ramsey. Download the Ramsey Network app so you can catch all your favorite shows all in one place like The Ramsey Show Smart Money Happy Hour and The Dr John Delony Show. You'll get real talk about life, relationships, money and your career. Plus the app lets you browse by topic like debt business or selling your home.


Get the content you want whenever and wherever you wanna listen. Download the Ramsey Network app today.