
This is The Ramsey Show. It's where we help you win in your life, winning with your money, winning in your work, and winning in your relationships. The phone number for you to jump in to get coached up is triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alongside the incomparable, the fabulous, the fantastic Rachel. Cruz. I am Ken Coleman. And. we are here for you. Thrilled that you are with us America. Let's get to it. We're gonna go to Sky, who's joining us in Salt Lake City, Utah. Sky. How can we help? Hi. so I was calling in because I was involved in a romance scam probably about four or five months ago, and it ended up getting me into like $45,000 worth of debt.


Oh no. Sky what happens? Yeah. What do you mean? Was the person fake? Like it was like an internet thing? Yeah. Yeah, it was an internet thing. So don don't know. It was like over a course of several months, like nearly a year that I was catfished into believing this person was real. And it was weird because like he would do FaceTimes with me and it seemed like the same person every time. And it was like, it didn't seem fake to me, you know? And to me it was like we were setting up a life together. Wow. And so I ended up spending most of my money to this guy. And it's weird how it can happen to like anyone because I'm pretty, I'm pretty young and I didn't recognize this as being a normal scam.


So Scott, You know, because it didn't have, I don't want, Yeah. I don't wanna bring up all this pain, but I do think you just said something that I agree with that this can happen to a lot of people. And without going into the entire detail of it, what were you being asked to send money to him for? I'm just curious so that people can hear His bills. Like what was he, what was he asking money for? Yeah, So it was more so like just to set up life together. It wasn't really anything particularly like, it didn't seem like anything crazy. It was like, oh, well we should get a house And, we should get like things going.


And So you sent him money for a down payment on a home. It, it wasn't necessarily that, but it was just like a co a collection of like things. It wasn't just one specific, I can, I don't wanna say like one specific thing. It was like a whole bunch of like little things that combined to be a lot of money, you know? Okay. Alright. Well man, I'm so sorry. So sorry that happened to you. How, yeah. So how can we help today? So I guess my question is, is how do I get in touch with the right people to fight this? Because it seems like I take it to the police station and I take it to people who are supposed to know how to handle these situations.


It's supposed to know how to help, but it doesn't seem like anybody is like, well, sorry this happened. Sucks to be you, I guess. Yeah. Well there's a reason why you're getting those answers. So you went to all those authorities and that was pretty much the answer. Yeah, well that, and he stole my identity too. Like he's been hacking into my bank accounts and stuff with it and opening like random cards still. I have a person down in Georgia who's using it for unemployment Right now. Yeah. And they told me SOL Okay, well, I mean that end we can help with. Yeah, the identity theft, the money that you've paid some random person, it's gone. Yeah. I mean it is sky, there's not like a legal battle to be fought.


There was not a contract in place, there was nothing that's gonna hold ground in court. It's just you made a, you made a mistake, a $45,000 mistake and I, and I'm so sorry for that. How old are you Skye? I'm 21. Okay. Okay. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm so sorry. He totally, yep. Picked you out, knew what he was doing, and yeah, you got scammed. Did you learn anything from this guy? I think I learned a lot from it actually. Good. Yeah. Okay. So on the, on the other end though, your identity being stolen, that's now, that's a, that a separate, you can do something.


Yeah, there's something there that you can do. so I would go in and freeze, pull all your credit report, pull your credit reports. You can do this for free at all the three different credit bureaus. So you can just go online, Experian, TransUnion, you know, any of those. Pull your credit report and see a, a detailed list of your credit. Okay. And then you can freeze your credits so no one else can be taking money out of your name. Now the unemployment, social security, that gets into the government side of your identity, right? So there's a, there's a whole IRS situation there that you would have to untangle as well. Scott, do you have family that, like your parents and stuff? Where's, where are they?


So I Amm actually living with my parents right now. Okay. What are they saying about all this? Is, is your mom and dad helping at all detangle this or do they Yeah. So do they know about it? They do know about it. And like my mom, she just like last week help me get LifeLock on all of my accounts and stuff like that. Good. But it still, it still sucks because you can't just, you can't just change your social. and I had him, like after I got LifeLock, he called my bank using like a rec, like a recording of my voice that you, you know how like AI can go in and like, Oh, Oh my gosh, Back. Yeah. So he did that and then he called my bank and used my social and got another like $300 from my account.


Okay. Wow. Well, I would even switch banks. I mean, I would do some, some pretty oh, drastic things where he can't, where he can't find you in that way. And hey Scott, and you may wanna contact Xandr, they have a great identity theft program. They have insurance, which you're probably gonna buy after we get off this call. But even them hopefully being able to, to direct you and untangle some of this as well from the identity theft side of it. But yeah, I mean, okay, if I were you, I would change, I would change banks. Yeah. Completely change everything. I would freeze my credit. Yep. And yeah, I mean, and then from there, yeah, I mean, I would call Xandr and, and get some direction on the things like the social security, the unemployment, all of that, because that's the government side of this.


But gosh, I I, yeah. I'm so sorry. Yeah. And it's just a good lesson for those of, you know, watching and listening that, you know, we always say you don't give money to people you're not married to, even if you're dating, even if you're engaged, you don't combine finances at all. You don't pay on each other's debt. You don't do any of that until you're married. And then, I mean, I think it, I guess it just has to be said out loud, not you until you meet someone in person. Yeah. We're not gonna, You can't believe you gotta say it, but don't send a nickel to a person that you've not met. You just can't do that. This is not even the person that's scamming her, may not even be a man.


You don't even know, like all of this AI stuff and all of this. This is very, very sinister stuff right Here. It's getting Yeah. And it's getting Like, it's getting worse. Well, The fact that he used her voice recording this Is a Pro, I mean that's ai. I mean, like that is Yeah. Yeah. That's not like USPS texted me. This isn't your garden variety catfish. No, I Thought, yeah, USPS I got a text, right, like two months ago that they lost the package and Right. Asked for all my information and I, I can't believe it. I I did it because I Oh, because you trust the postal service. It said have a nice day at The end of the day. Did you really? Did I, did you know that we had a whole segment about this? Okay. I wasn't on with you. Can you believe, did you get scanned? Can You believe it? Nothing's happened so far.


But for Winston, he must have had to eat a bottle of Pepsi at ac I Had to ask him for his debit card because I was like, babe, my debit card won. Go through This. Well, he went along with it. No, No. My debit card stopped, would not go through on this website that was sent to me by the quote unquote USPS. Yeah. And Winston was like, babe, that's a scam. and I was like, what? I fell for It. I'm an 80 I. got a text from 80 80 from your friendly 80 old. You're, and Then you look at the email above and it's like89423@gmail.com. I mean, it's stupid jaw. I fell for it. So I'm saying all to say smart people can fall for stupid stuff. So watch out for the scams. They're everywhere. Speechless. I've never been speechless.


I'm gonna have to take a commercial break to recover. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this show for Over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I The middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number to jump in. We wanna help you win with your money, winning your work and win with your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is alongside,


Hey, we're heading into the fall and it feels like everybody's kind of starting to put the serious, you know, hat back on. We had some fun in the summertime. People start to focus on their money. You've got the holidays that are right around the corner and it's time to get your money in the right place. If it isn't And, we wanna let you know about a free live training on Monday, September 16th. This is at one Eastern 12th Central. so I would turn it into a lunch and learn. If it were me, you can join George Campbell and the EveryDollar team for this free live webinar. You can register at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. That's EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. And this is the number one way to learn how to eliminate debt is through a budget. You gotta know where your money is. The number one way to build wealth is through the budget. And the number one way to get on the same page with your spouse about money is to budget. So budget, budget, budget budget EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. It's free Monday, September 16th, one Eastern 12 Central Time. George, Kamel and team will be there for you.


Alright, let's go to Philadelphia next. Where Jen joins us. Jen, how can we help today? Hi guys? so I had a quick question. I'm currently working on baby step number two and I've been presented with the opportunity of purchasing a property that was my grandmother's and is currently my father's. Unfortunately, he got screwed over by whole life insurance. It was a, a mock and he's in litigations with all of that. But it was either for my dad's retirement, he sell the property or I assume the mortgage payments and will it inherit it in its entirety when he passes and he would basically be basically taking it is rented currently.


He would be taking that monthly rent and utilizing that for his retirement rather than the lump sum from the property. No, I would not do that. I would, I I He just needs to sell it. Yeah. If it, if there's an emotional tie or something, I think it makes it more difficult. But honestly Jen, I wouldn't want you dependent upon your dad's retirement because if you look up in three or four years and realize Oh my gosh, you know, I wanna go and I, I wanna have my own house. Right. I wanna build equity into my do my own. Yeah. You you, you currently own a home. Yes, ma'am. I, and even with both properties I would be under the 25% recommended house buying.


So the only debt that I currently have is student loans. It is about $45,000. But I was able to pay off approximately $12,000 within getting Gazelle intense. and I found you Guys Good for you. Yeah, that's great. In The past four and a half months, I have a side hustle that's making an additional six to 700 a month on top of my standard salary. Great. Jen, that's awesome. And I that would be without roommates either, which is a potential. So that's why Yeah, I kind of don't wanna walk away from, you know, if you're getting a half a million dollar property at the remaining mortgage on the home is only a hundred thousand and it is already in his living will for me to inherit it in its entirety and I'm under that 25% recommended mortgage.


Yeah. Is it a mortgage investment or is it truly an investment property? Is it like paying off your mortgage, which is a later baby step? Or should this be viewed as Well investment? It would be a second property for you, correct. Correct. Yeah. So that would be, it would be quote unquote be an investment property eventually. Yeah, it'll be in your name. So if I, yeah, if I were you, I would, I would simplify it and I would have him just rent it out to someone else. You stay in your current home and I would keep living there, let him do his thing with the home, with your grandmother's home, renting it out. That's part of his retirement. And then when you get to a point that you I guess wanna move in or, but, but you can't 'cause you'll always be paying rent to be funding his retirement.


so I, I don't, yeah, I wouldn't, I don't understand. I wouldn't Do that. I don't pay the, there's a third party that's paying rent. So like the rent is only a matter of, or the mortgage payment on the second property is only a matter of $800 a month. But what, So you won't be living there or a renter, a third party will be living there. Correct. And you're considering that his retirement, he's not making enough on that. There, There is our he has other like retirement, but it is generating two, 2,600 is what he's running it out for a month. And the mortgage payments are only 800 a month. Okay. But let's run the numbers on that. Let's run the numbers on that. So if I heard you right, he's clearing $1,800 a month before any of his own expenses on the home, correct?


Yes ma'am. Yes sir. Okay. And he is still working. Okay, great. So $1,800 a month and it's not $1,800 a month because again, he's got upkeep on the house, he's got other things that are associated. So when you take the actual cost of owning the home and you start to amortize that over that 12 month period, he's not making 1800 a month. So let's just say for round numbers that he's only clearing 1500 a month. That's not a large sum of money. I wouldn't even consider that real retirement money. I'm with Rachel. If, if he really wants more money, then sell it and invest that money. If not, then it is what it is. He's just holding onto it for a little bit of spending money and he gives it to you upon his death.


Yeah, my understanding that, Yeah, I guess I was just thinking about how real estate continuously like increases and it it is guaranteed. Yeah, But hold on a second, Jen. I know, but you're getting it in the will. So the value of that property's gonna continue to go up. Why do you have to buy it now? Because the other alternative is to sell it. Why doesn't he continue to rent it? Rent? Yeah. I I think it's like just the overhead cost of renting it plus the other, like retirement. I, I just, I think he's concerned about his own Retirement. Okay. So your, your current house, what is it worth and what do you owe on it?


It's worth 370,000. Okay. and I currently own or owe 220 approximately Thousand. Okay. Okay. And then your grandmother's home, which again, you mentioned something about Hi, that being part of his retirement. So he's using the rent and all of that to live off of? Correct. Okay. He, he does work a full-time job and my mom is, they're still married, happily married. She gets social security. so I think he's just looking at it for how can he continue to live a comfortable retirement does not Retire yet.


It's 18 grand he's making, if, if I'm, if my numbers were probably conservative, but he's making $18,000 off this house A year. Yeah. We're back to the same thing of you feel like you gotta buy it, but, but you can't, you're in debt and, and, and you're making a case for doing this and it doesn't make any sense for you to buy the house for us. It doesn't make any sense at all either. He sells it, he takes the profit off of it and he invests it and, and that's gonna do more for him than the $18,000 he's making over the course of the year. What, what would he stand to make on selling the house today? The grandmother's house. 486, I believe was the last Zi Zillow that I had maybe a week ago.


No, No, no. What would he make after he sells it? So if it's 4 86, Wait, you owe a hundred a hundred left on it. Correct. So he'd make 3 86. Yeah. Yeah. That money Rachel invested. Yeah. Over seven to 10 years. It's just a better play than, than holding onto the property for rental income. Okay. Yeah, that's what I would do. and I think, Jen, where it gets complicated and where my hesitation is, is whenever you layer these generational, you know, ideas, it just starts to get more complicated. It's just not as clean. Right. If he didn't need this money and this house, he could rent it on the side for fun because he is got his other stuff over here and he's fine. He's just doing it for fun and he is gonna leave it to you when he dies.


So eventually you will get the house, you know, in 20 years, 30 years, like, you know, if you wanna keep it in the family, like all of that is clean. But the idea that he's needing this money, I don't want you attached to your dad's retirement. It gets really messy really fast. So he needs to do what's best for him, Jen. And what's best for him is if he doesn't have enough in retirement 'cause he is still working, it's to sell this asset Yep. And invest it and start living off, you know, the interest gained and, and run into the sunset. And then for you to continue down your path. And if he leaves you money upon his death from this house and the proceeds that he doesn't end up using, then that's, then that's great. You know, gravy for you. But I, yeah, I, the cleanliness of all of this makes it less dramatic and again, gives you more confidence and control over your own future that you're not tied to this asset that is your dad's dependent on for retirement.


Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


A lot of financial institutions don't care too much about you, but they care a lot about getting their sweaty hands on your money. They have fancy furniture and marble columns in their lobbies because you're paying for 'em with high fees just to access your own cash. But FAIRWINDS, Credit, Union different guys. You know, I prefer credit unions because of their membership focus, lower fees and better experience overall. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years. And, we are excited to endorse them because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and living generously. They won't try to force debt products and loans on you. And it's easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. They serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. Anything you can do at a bank branch, you can do on fairwinds.org. Plus your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. So talk to my friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans. Go to fairwinds.org/ Ramsey to learn more. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is alongside And. we are here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Henry's up next in Tampa, Florida. Henry, how can we help? Hi everybody. Thank you so much for taking my call. how are you guys? Good, How are you today? I'm all right. Question for you. Quick and easy question, but I mean, not easy question, but I have a, a lease that I just, I I purchased in the last year or two there, but just heard about you guys. The lease is for the next two more years left on it there.


I wondering if I should ever get out of it. Pay out of the, the lease there to get a, some money, not necessarily money back there, but pay, pay a lease there. I mean sell, sell the car or get out of the lease to be able to pay lower pay, pay some of my debt. Yeah, it's a great question. What, what are you paying a month? 1500. Oh, oof. What kind of car is it? Mercedes, GLE three 50 Gl. Pretty nice. Pretty nice. Pretty nice car. Good Taste 10. Right? You got some good taste. Thank you very much. Thank You. But it's eating you alive and it's not worth it, so we Yeah, it's not worth it.


We gotta we gotta get it outta here, right? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I, I, yeah, I just, I Is there a lot of, Yeah, so I like go ahead. Give us the terms of where you are, walk us through the terms. Alright, so if I were to terminate my payoff right now would be about 60, $60,000 there to pay off there. I've looked on, I've heard you guys talking about it. so I looked on the Kelly Blue book and it's about you get 46, 46, 40 7,000 on it. Okay. And then Was that private sale? So, And I was that private private sale? Yeah. so I play Blue book private sales. Yeah. So I would leave you with 13,000 that you would owe, right? Yes. Okay. Yes.


And do you have any cash, Henry? Not much. No. Okay. What do you make a year? So I make about 250,000. Oh, that's good news. Yeah, that's great. Yeah. So you would need another car, correct? Correct. To be able Yeah. To replace it. Yeah. So we've gotta replace, so we've got the 13,000 that you would then owe and then we've got the, the cost of a replacement car. But with your income, you can get something decent if you've really work on your budget, right? Yeah, that would be my goal. Yeah. Because two more years of this. Oof. I mean, that's a lot, right? So It's a good amount. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. So that, because That's, I mean I'm, I'm, I, according to you guys, I, I mean I, I was just, this is the first time I ever thought that I'm, I'm broke, but I do owe have a good amount of debt as well too.


Over a million dollars Debt. Yeah. Okay. So tell yeah, gimme the rest of your financial picture. I'm just curious where you're at. So I student loans 180,000 credit card debt, about 70,000. Okay. And then mortgage is about 690,000. Okay. Whew. Henry, you've been living the life, haven't you? Yes, me and my wife, not so I Guess I, let me, let me rephrase that because I know you mentioned total income. My wife is making a hundred thousand, so a total is three 50. Okay. So I'm two 50. You guys have plenty of money. You just gotta get under control. I, Yes.


And you know, and that's the other thing too, that're trying to go from that life to hearing about you guys and changing your life completely. Totally. Like, I'm, I'm, I'm like, let's go hard and I and my wife is like, what are you talking about there? So, you know, it's, it is definitely different and hard there to actually talk to her about it as well too. Just the budget. Yeah. I'm like, Yeah, totally. and I think Henry too, just as a piece of advice, usually when, you know, when people are in your position, the one that kind of hears, okay, there's a different way we can do this, and you go in and tell your wife, we're gonna stop shopping and stop eating out, she's probably like, what the Henry, what are you talking about? You've lost your mind. so I think approaching her in that aspect is the why. so I am curious, Henry, for you, what, what has caused you up to this point?


Living the way you have with money, both of you, and then you hear us, which is very counter with how you've been living, what's been appealing about that? Like what is it in you that's like Oh? my gosh, I want that side of money, not what I've been doing. That idea of freedom. Yeah. I'm like, I'm like trying to talk with you, but I'm like holding my breath and like the, the heaviness of just owing so much money. Like the fact that I'm like, wait a second, I'd never thought about how much I owe and how much debt I'm in. I have always been thinking about right now how much I owe for the month. Yeah. Which is like when I calculate all after talking to you guys or listened to you guys, I was like, I owe a million dollars.


Like what in the world? Yep. Yep. And so, and I'm like, I can't do this anymore. Especially when the wife says, oh, I'd love to have a new summer kitchen. I'm like, what are you talking about? We have no money for that. Yeah, that's right. That's right. So Henry, that's, that's what I want you to communicate to her is I can't breathe. Like I, I And, we hear that a lot, Henry, that you're not the only one. It's, it's this level of stress and anxiety and weight because you don't own your life. Somebody these credit cards, right. Everything owns you and it's exhausting. Exactly. To your point. We work hard and I feel like I have no money. Right. When I ask you how much money you have saved. Exactly. It's like I don't have It. That's what I'm thinking. And, we work so much hard like right over time sometimes too. And I'm like, how do I, and how am I having nothing at the end of the paycheck there?


I'm like, right, is this what everyone does? I don't understand this. Right, exactly. So how much do you guys bring home a month? I was, I was trying to do it with taxes and everything, but when, when you guys get paid, how much per month are you bringing in both you and your wife? So I think I'm about 12, 13,000 and she is about 4,000. so I would say about 1617. 16,000. 16,000. Okay. And that's after taxes. Are you guys funding retirement? Yes. Yes. Wait a second. We have been putting in Retirement. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You make $350,000 a year? You do. Yes. No, no. Yes. So total, Total. So, so I don't understand those take home numbers.


What, what, what is your take home? Yours? Just you, You just me. About 16. 16. 16,000. I'm sorry. 12, 12,000 for me. And, and, and you're off. I've putting, because you asked about the putting into retirement. Yes, I've been putting into retirement. Yeah. Off of gross. So what's your gross, your gross and her gross Total gross is three 50, Right? You're two 50. She's so I, she's 100. And then after taxes Okay. Retirement, insurance, like after all of that. Right. What hit you? I just felt like her take home was really low off of a a hundred thousand dollars salary. Her take home only four, 4,000. That's true. Felt low to me. so I just don't know if you know your numbers.


And the only reason I'm calling that out is part of this problem is you don't really know your numbers. Yeah, yeah. Or she's having way too much withholding taken out and, and at this point you're brand new to us, Rachel explained the retirement should be paused and all of that right now to bring in as much as they can. Yeah, for sure. So the, so yeah, so, so Henry, the, the whole concept, you guys really need to dig in because if you're getting a big tax refund every year, that's money back in the paycheck. That may not be shown here. I would be pausing retirement, I'd be pausing everything. And you and your wife again, sitting down and saying, Hey together, it's gonna be really hard to do this without her. so I want Henry to be as honest and vulnerable with, with her tonight.


And just talk about how scared, I mean, how scared you are. Honestly, You gotta be on the phone with me. I know we can't We'll coach you. We'll coach you. No, but it Probably should have had her on this call. Yeah. And, and and to show her and show her the realization. And, and the truth is, Henry, for your own mental sake, you can't, you, you guys can't keep doing this, right? I mean, you're, you're gonna hit a breaking point eventually. And so for you guys, it's going to look different. And so I would sit down with her and just say, Hey, here's where I wanna go. Here's the goals I wanna have. And you can kind of map them out ahead of time just to say, okay, you know, we, we have gosh, yeah, almost, almost a million dollars. Not, not including the mortgage, but the credit cards, the student loan, all of it.


Mapping it out to say with our income and doing a budget and saying, if we just cut everything. And Henry, to your point, this is gonna be a 180 from the lifestyle you guys have been living, you've been living kind of the high life and enjoying life and it's gonna to get out of this. We always say you can wander your way into debt, you can wander your way out. And so there has to to be an intentional plan. That's right. But, but gosh, I mean in, in, you know, three or four years you guys could have a completely different life, life financially speaking. Oh, I think so. And you getting a side hustle, Henry. I would love that. Yeah. Adding you I would love that. Adding more income and all of that. So you know what, if you stay on the line, Henry Christian is gonna pick up and we're gonna give you financial peace University.


Yeah. For you and your wife to sit down together and go through it. It's our nine lesson course. And this gives you the basics. And so it can be, she can get mad at us, not you delivering the information. And Henry, I would say this, I think do what Rachel said as far as your approach to her. But I think you need to show her you mean business by you getting rid of that car. Yep. That will show her. You're not just talking, get it outta here. You're making some sacrifice. And then one of these days you'll be driving one of those bad boys again. But it'll be cash. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The, Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash Ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door and use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey. Use the promo code Ramsey


The Ramsey Show continues. So glad that you are with us. Rachel Cruz is alongside, I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. And of course, you know, we're, we're so blessed to have a, a very large audience, very dedicated, A lot of questions And. we have limited time obviously every day and many times we'll miss your calls to triple eight, eight two five five two two five and you leave voicemails And. we wanna be able to get to some of those. So we've got a new segment called, sorry we missed your call. And our first one, this is a voicemail, this is from Michelle. So let's go ahead and play this And. we will answer. Hello, my name is Michelle, my husband and I are disputing what you mean by saving 15% for retirement.


He calls it I have girl math, which he's right, but so when you say 15% of the household income, if him and I put together make 81,950 per year, do we do 15% total where it's like 7.5% each person? Or do I put away 15% and he puts away 15%? Wouldn't that count as 30% for the household? My husband says, no, your girl math is not working. He said it's 15%. That's it. So he would have to do 15. I do 15, but I'm saying no, we have to do seven and a half percent each to equal 15% for the household anyway.


So if you could please answer that, that would be amazing. I'm staying away from that one. I don't want to even touch that with a 10 foot pole on the girl map because Of the girl mask. Yeah, I just think it's appropriate for you to answer and I'll weigh in. Yeah, well it's 15% of the household income. Yeah, that's right. So if you guys make a hundred thousand dollars, that's 15,000 that goes into Requirements. So in this case they make 81, let's round it down to 80 just for simple math. Yeah, it's 15% of the 81. So in, so you're looking at $16,500 Each. Yeah, Not each, Not, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, yeah. That's Where, that's where her math Was off. I didn't mean to see, I see means each, each. But yes. I Love how she got there though. Yeah, I love how she was like, well no, it's, well nevermind, I, I said I'd stay away from it.


Look what I did, almost walked right into that one. Fantastic. But no, it is the Household income. Household income, combined income times 0.15. Keep it simple on the calculator and there's your answer. That's it. That's it. That's it. Alright. Good stuff. All right. Our next one, this came in from Kevin. Hello VMs Z team. My name is Kevin I. Know Dave said to when you baby step too, to work like you're crazy from Monday through Saturday. But you know, being a Christian, we have bible study on Wednesdays and like prayer night on Fridays and I wanna work Monday through Saturday for my second job.


I have about 30 K left of debt. I want to knock it out by God's grace by January, February. You know, being a Christian, I'm, I just want to know, is it, why is this that still continue working Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Saturdays? Or should I just go work Monday through Saturday and tell I'm deaf free then go and start going back to Bible study and you know, prayer service on Friday? Mm. Okay. Alright. I mean, I don't think there's a black and white answer here. It's just the idea that, you know, if depending on how intense you wanna do this is how quickly you're going to get out. and I don't think either side of it, right? One part of me is like, I mean you need a level of like sanity during this process, right?


I mean like, I guess some people can just white knuckle it and just do it, which you can, but I mean, if if there's a level of you that's like, Hey, I'm committed to this thing and it's really good for me and it's helping me in life, you know, maybe you, you can stick with that. But also I think you can still be a Christian and not go to Bible study and not go to a prayer meeting for six months. Yeah. I I think, I think you're fine. I think like, I think you'll still go to heaven and everything's gonna be okay. Yeah. And you can still grow spiritually. Like you, you can do that. You know all of those things and it's Your call. I mean yeah, Dave Dave is speaking in, in a generality of saying you work as much as you absolutely can to Get out as fast as Possible, right? To get out as fast as possible. That that's the spirit of that statement.


That's right. But I'm with you Rachel. Does it make you a bad Christian? If you miss Bible study on Wednesday and prayer night on Friday, those are functions of the church. They will continue with or without you and still other times that you can study your Bible and pray. Yep. That's what I would say. so I But again, so I'd be careful on the ritualization as it relates to guilt. But I'm also Yes, that's right. But I'm also with you to say On the other end if it, if that Really gives you that refreshment of your spirit Yes. Keep it then and just say, okay, God forbid, forbid I have to pay off debt three weeks later 'cause I'm taking two hours on a Wednesday night to do Bible. So you know what I mean? It's your, call it.


So there's not a there, it's not a gray area. But anytime we talk about the spiritual end of this, because this is a big part of, of Ramsey god's grandma's ways of handling money, right? Our spiritual lives are very important to us. so I think it is key, but anytime there's like any level of legalism, Ken don don't know why I just like shudder. Me too. So even with tithing, people are like, Oh my gosh, should I, should I tithe this or that? Or, and I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. Just the, the spirit of why God has us to give in the first place. Let's go back to that. Right? So in that same concept, the spirit of getting outta debt and being free means that you're gonna have to work extra. And so what does that look like for you? Right? So, so tying legalism into it, I don't want for you, I want the freedom to say, Hey, God's not gonna be mad at me if don don't go to Bible study on Wednesday nights for six months.


'cause I have a, a job because I'm trying to hit this goal and get outta debt. Right? But if it's good, but if it's something that you really feel like, gosh, it's so good for me to stay sane in this process, then all for it, just say, all right, I'm not gonna work Wednesday nights. Yeah. And keep in mind, getting out of debt and doing what it takes to get outta debt is a biblical reality. Yeah. I mean, that is a, a positive. so I agree don don't like the legalism side of this. I mean, I I grew up in that world. Like Sunday morning, Sunday night, night night, Wednesday night, Thursday night visitation. What? Oh yeah, I was pastor's kid. What's visitation means? You're going out knocking on doors telling people about Jesus, Our little evangelism. King Coleman, I'm telling You, I mean, look at him.


I was wearing polyester leisure suits before they were popular. All right? But to your point in Proverbs, shall I quote, you shall give no sleep to your eyes, no slumber to your eyelids. Deliver yourself like a gazelle from the hands of the hunter, a bird from the hands of the Fowler. And proverb says, if you have signed surety, my son, that's the beginning of that. Meaning you've gotten yourself into debt, you do this, you give no sleep to your eyes, no slumber to your eyelids. And you deliver yourself like a gazelle from the hands of the hunter, a bird from the hands of the flower. So the picture proverbs gives you is that Yeah, you, you are running from, you know, we always say the cheetah, right? You deliver yourself like a gazelle from the hands of the hunter. Well, Gazelle's, you know, from the, the National Geographic, they're, they're hunted by cheetahs.


So like that's the word picture. Have you ever watched one of those Proverbs gives us Yes, I have. When The cheetah chases something down. Yeah. That's pretty Wild. And the gazelle is literally running for its life. Yeah. I mean we hear Dave say that a million times we've seen it, but that's like the other day I was actually walking through the living room and I think my wife had a show on for the dogs. By the way, my wife leaves the TV on for the dogs. Sounds like George Kamel little Rabbit trail will do that rabbit trail as if the dogs feel better because there's some type of nature show on it. Drives me nuts. I'm not gonna win that battle. But anyway, I'm walking through 'cause I I got home And she has the animals on. No one was at home and the animals are on And in National Junior and I saw one of those little gazelle. Yeah. And would you believe the episode I saw he got away?


He did. and I was like really happy, you know, So good because That's a, that's a 50 50 proposition right there. Root for that gazelle, depending on the headstart, you know? That's right. Cheetos, get off the blocks quick. Yes. But I digress. But the point here is, in this situation, I I, I wanna come back and say, I think that God honors and, or is okay depending on however you wanna look at this, with someone working that hard and missing times of worship in order to free yourself from that bondage, don don't think he's upset one way or the other on that, I think.


Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, and I wanna hit that again, it's like, there's no right or wrong here. It's like what do you believe is best for you in your debt-free journey. Yep. That's it. A hundred percent. Hundred Or else you're just gonna walk around with guilt all the time. And keep in mind, people who are really serious about getting outta debt deal with a level of guilt anyway. Yes. I know that we did when we, when we got, when we woke up to all this many years ago, I was like, man, I feel like such an idiot. I, you know, what a moron, Stacey, I led you poorly. You know, all that stuff. That's just kind of a natural thing. You don't need any more God guilt. That's right. Over whether or not you know you're doing enough with the resources he is giving you. It's like, no, no, no. The the stewardship issue is, is what's huge and being a good steward of your money Yes.


Is getting outta debt. Yes. You're not doing things, not doing anything at, at all the action that's harming. Yes, it is helping and relieving, which is, which is a beautiful thing. Here's to all those little gazelle's that are gonna continue to get away on National Geographic. They represent all of us. I toast you. Little gazelle. Good hour. Rachel Cruz. Always fun. James Chi, our fearless leader. Thank you and thank you America This is The Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We want you winning with your money. We want you winning in your work. We want you winning in your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number for you to jump in on the conversation. We are here for you to coach you up. And I don't know if there's anybody that's more enjoyable to do it with than my colleague. My co-host today is Rachel Cruz. Oh, Ken Coleman. Thank she. Okay. Sweet kind spirit about her makes me look crankier than normal. But I'm here for you as well. We're gonna lift you up. We want you to win triple eight. Eight two five five two, two five. All right, let's start it off with Meg in Cincinnati, Ohio. Meg, how can we help today?


Ken and Rachel. Hi. It's so nice to talk to you guys. Nice to talk with you. What's going on? So my husband and I have been married for almost 11 years. We have one son and we're debt free besides a little bit of mortgage left. Nice. Congratulations. Thank you. A little bit of a relationship question. I'm the oldest of three. I have a sister who is single and a brother who's married with three kids. And my mom and dad are fairly wealthy. and I found out a few years ago that on accident that my parents actually purchased the home for my brother and his wife.


And ever since I found that out, little things just keep happening that are bugging me and I just keep thinking to myself, why are they, they're essentially financing my siblings life and their lifestyle. and I just have had this feeling, I'm not jealous of their lives, but I'm just like, in my head, I'm like, when will unfair, when will they, when will they take responsibility for their own lives? And so I was just calling to see if you had any advice for me on these feelings I'm having. I've Got some questions first. Sure. Is this the youngest? I am the oldest, Yeah.


But you're the, the sibling that they're supporting, is it the youngest or the middle? Oh, Both of them. Oh, I've found out things along the way. I don't know if anyone planned on me ever finding these things out, but I have. But I have Are they, are they brothers or sister, brother? What is it? I have one brother and he's married with three kids. And then I have a sister who's single and lives on her own. And, and, and so, so they're supporting them in every way essentially. They've, they've financed their homes for them. I mean, they, are they giving them a spending account? What are we talking about? I do know that they both have a credit card link to my parents' account.


and I know that we were at a Bengals game the other day and my sister said, I'll pay for it. and I said, no, that's okay, I'll get this one. And she said, no, I have mom's credit card. And it's just like little, like my brother and sister-in-Law will show up. They'll eat all the food that we all brought, drink our drinks, but they don't provide anything. And I'm just, let me ask you this, why are you living, Let me ask you this. I I think I know where this is going. Are, are you and your husband successful financially? Yes. And throughout We're we have about, we're hoping to pay off the mortgage next year. Yeah. And, and, and, and I'm guessing that growing up you were also probably the maybe if not the best behave, but certainly less drama with you.


Is this true? Very much so. Yes. So this is a pattern. It's just, it's it, it happened when you were in the home when they were younger. Now that they're adults, it's continuing. Is that what I'm getting? Yeah. Yes. Yeah, exactly. So the reason I'm digging into this, Rachel, I'm going somewhere with this. I'm, I'm gonna take a guess and I'm not defending your mom and dad. Meg, I'm, I'm actually very much team Meg here. I I think that's irresponsible. It's irresponsible in that it's stunting the growth of your siblings, number one. And it's irresponsible for this very reason that if you can't cover it up and you can never cover this stuff up and it gets to you, it is deeply hurtful to you.


And I'm gonna challenge you to own that. That it is very hurtful. Yeah. 'cause I think it's, it's alright. So here's the deal. I I have like the strong anger. I, I think it's, I feel like it's anger, but I don't always know how to describe it. Oh, I think it's a good mix of anger and hurt and Usually Yeah, I was gonna say the hurt usually anger. I'm not a psychologist, but so I've read and go ahead. Therapy because the anger go ahead is usually a secondary emotion. Yeah. So it's usually always tied to something else. That's right. Fear, sadness hurts. Like Yeah, there's usually a deeper emotion there. And it may come out as anger. Yeah. But usually there's a, there's a primary emotion. Me? Yeah. Yeah. And hurts And I and I want to touch on that. I think it is. Why would they do that for them and not do it for me?


And I'm gonna, and I'm not trying to defend your mom and dad. I'm gonna take an angle here. Rachel, you just smack me verbally. I'll smack a meg for us. Don't worry. Meg, You come at Meg, you come at me too, but I, here, here, gimme 20 seconds on this. I believe that they actually, your parents don't worry about you at all. And it is in their lack of worry about you in the fact that they did good with you. They look at you and they go did good with Meg and I think they are overcome with Meg is fine guilt, meg's fine. and I think they're overcome with guilt about the other two. And so they're trying to fix what they feel they messed up.


This is a take. I'm, this is, this is a hot take. Sure. Sure. And as a result, they don't see how this could come across to you. They're not even thinking. and I don't think they, it is not that they love you less than the other two. I actually think it's what I just said. I think that's what's going on. And so I say that to say this, I think if you can get to a place of understanding that mom and dad are dealing with their own guilt and trying to fix some stuff that they can't fix and actually make it worse. That they, they, they are, they are weak. They, they have a, they have a deficit here on how they're supposed to handle these other two siblings and I hope it'll allow you to forgive them a little quicker and to understand that your mom and dad are operating from a place of pain and, and a and a place of deficit and I think they're trying to fix it.


Yeah. Think that's My take. Yeah. I think there's a level of them that probably feels still a level of responsibility that if their kids aren't okay, we're gonna still step in and help. And that comes out of a really unhealthy place. Right. They're doing it and with unhealthy patterns that's not good for their adult children, but that's the, that's the route they've chosen to live. Right. And, and yeah. Not to like psychoanalyze you Meg, but I have the same birth order. Sister, sister, brother, my, my family and my current kids and I just even know about the Yeah. The the textbook oldest daughter. There's like kind of that whole like, you know, just the, the family archetype, right? The the idea that, you know, they're, they're probably seen the least and I mean that's how mine is.


I mean, my Amelia, she's just quiet kinda off to the side, my middle's insane. Like I was, and then we have a little Charles, but I'm, You know, but you know, if one of the, the Kids, but the idea is that you're not, but, but I think Megan, it kind of goes back to all of this And, we could be off on this, but truly it's like you were responsible even from a kid, right? Yeah. A kid, you know, an age of a child taking care of yourself and doing what you need to do. And, and now you're like, does anyone see me? Right? And there's probably a feeling of that when you were a kid, does anyone see me? And now you're like, are you kidding me? Like, does anyone see me? And it's not that you probably just want all this money, you don't want your mom's credit card. Even if she gave it to you, Meg, you're probably like, no thank you. But it's just the idea. Exactly. You, you just feel neglected in a sense. Like where you're like, Oh, my gosh, but I wanna encourage it.


And everyone else is in a secret that you're not so I Don't like that, Meg. That's true. So if I were you, I would communicate that to your parents. I would sit down and say, Hey, I'm hearing this. And just out of communication that I know that there isn't secrets and things being swept under the rug as a family, will you just tell me what all you've done? I and I don't want you not saying, but just, Hey, I wanna know about all of this because that's, that's fair from your family dynamic. I think I Like that. And, and let, let me encourage your heart. Me, Every time they have Meg, listen. Okay, go ahead here 'cause we're going to break. so I just wanna tell you this. Sorry Meg, sorry Meg, but listen, they do see you. Rachel's calling this out. I think she's spot on. But I wanna tell you, they do see you. They actually hold you in a level of high esteem. They're trying to help the other two get where you are.


I'm praying for healing for you. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions that you don't agree with. Yes, that's right. People are unknowingly putting money into big tech giants and household brand names that don't match up with their core values. But there's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Visit timothy plan.com for more information. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risks, charges, and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus if available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foreside Fund Services LSC.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz and I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here. With all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John Delony, Jade Warshaw and me, you'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is alongside it. We're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We're taking your money calls. We're taking your work and income related calls today. And then we'll weigh in on some of those relationship issues around money as well. Gentry is now on the line in Wichita, Kansas. Gentry, how can we help? Hi. Excuse me. Thank you for taking my call. You bet. My question is about buying a house. We've been renting our home for six years, have a really good landlord and community and, and love our home.


But just renting doesn't seem like the best long term strategy. We even got a pre-approval and looked at some houses with a realtor and it was just like any house that felt like we could afford. It seemed like a gamble. In what way? How much money? My landlord. Just things that are gonna need fixed over time. Major issues with the house or it just, they all, it was just, I, I'd walk into a house. It's like, I'm not going into debt to live in this H like, does that make sense?


It does. How much money do you all have saved for a down payment? Not a lot. I mean not, we have like $3,000 in the bank and we've kind of just stayed at that point for a long time. We'll right. Save some money and then, you know, like saving for a down payment has, What's the most you've ever gotten? It's very hard to get. What's the most you've ever gotten accumulated for a potential down payment? We had about $8,000 a couple years ago, but now we have about three. What'd You do with the five? Just I, well if I'm a hundred percent honest, I am not, probably haven't been the best budgeter.


We got two kids and Just listen, no criticism here, but your whole setup of your question gets down to, do you really want home and I think you do? Is it the best long-term strategy? The answer is yes. You identified that in the setup of your question, but you guys haven't done what it takes. so what you've done is, is you've, you've now created a narrative which is we can only get this type of house based on where we are now. And that type of house has got all kinds of fixer upper risk and you're correct on that as well. But you've created a false choice. Either keep renting as we have or we buy something that could be a bit of a money trap as opposed to going, alright, if we change our lifestyle And, we get really serious and serious.


Could be a second job, could be radically changing our budget And, we begin to save instead of 8,000 over six years, we save 8,000 a year and let's say in five years we got 40,000. Does that change the equation on the type of house where you're at? But I think you've just gotta, you're missing intentionality is all this is. I just see that as the bridge from where you are to where you want to be. Yeah. It just Doesn't sound like a goal that you're motivated to even save for it, right? Is that right? Yeah. Well, yeah, the, I guess another thing, and maybe I just need to get this other don don't know, I guess your input would be good. So my in-laws have, I think this is kind of what's hung me up on just, okay, we, we buy a house.


So my in-laws, And, we have a great relationship with them. They have farmland. They've told us that, you know, we're welcome to be out there and we've looked into trailer homes and shed homes and different things like that. 'cause that's where we wanna be permanently, eventually out on the family farm. But that's just, i, I don't know if that's even like, if I should just get that, trying to do something like that. What's your, now what's, or if I should put That down. Well, what's your household income And buy a house. Let's Let, let's come this, let's come with this another direction. What's your household income About 70,000 a year And how much of a house realistically would you like to build, forget shed houses and all these other nonsensical things you just laid out.


Those are horrible. Right? That's gonna go down in value. What would be a a, a reasonable number that you would love to have? What kind of house in your area? You know, the market better than us on that land, long term A lot to build a house on that land. I mean it would, What's a reasonable Mean? At least a couple hundred thousand. Okay. Yeah. And you can get extra Al and all that, but you don't own that land either. So like there's a couple of pieces in here, Gentry that I'm and I, it's True. There is, Yeah. I wanna sort And relational things involved in that as well. Yeah, They own the dirt. It's good Relationship, but it's definitely That's true. I thought they were gonna give you some of the land.


No, It's complicated. Huh? They're not gonna give you the land. It'll, Well, it'll end up our land eventually, but that's hopefully a long time from now. Well, we're on the, my husband's on the, it's not the deed. don don't know. There's, but Here's the thing. I don't gentry. So, so, so You sounding like $200,000 is this insurmountable mountain? Like you just were like, I thought you were gonna throw out 2 million. The way you answered my question, you're like well it's 200,000. I mean, at a $70,000 income for a $200,000 home if you guys got your budget and, and if they got disciplined, Rachel, they can get there. That is not a long way away. Yeah. For a down payment on a construction loan and stuff if you go that way.


But, but I think gentry, I think the, the what mathematically, I think what you have to understand is when you owning a home and you guys are renting And, we are not mad at renters, right? We say on the show all the time, renting is a great place to be if you don't have the money to put, you know, if you're not in a financial situation with no debt and emergency fund and all of that rent while you do that rent, you know, if you're moving to a new city rent for a year to kind of see what part of the city, I mean, there's reasons to rent, but long term the goal is to be a homeowner because that rent check that you've been paying for six years is going nowhere for your future versus it going into equity into an asset for your home and your home expense on your budget.


That line item is the largest expense that you're going to pay a month, right? For most people, that mortgage payment, that house payment, that rent payment that is the most, and for it to continue to increase year after year versus having a 15 year fixed rate for 15 years and hopefully paying off that home sooner than that. You, you've, you know, you've lowered your risk and locked you into an asset where you guys, that's not what you're doing. That's not your plan. so I would challenge you guys to say, yeah, you've been renting for six years and home ownership, it's just a good piece of your overall financial plan that you guys need to have. I I really do believe that when you're financially ready and you don't, you're not ready right now you have $3,000.


So you need a fully funded emergency fund, I'm assuming, are y'all debt free? Consumer debt? Yeah. I have 20,000 in student loans. Okay. So you gotta get that cleaned up first and then I would go get a fully funded emergency fund. And then your next goal Gentry is that, and, and, and here's another thing, having financial goals is getting y'all somewhere for six years. You guys have kind of just floated, right? I mean you've been sitting here with student loans, you're like, I think we kind of budget, we kind of have a little bit of money. We have Two kids in that six years. Yes. Which I Yes, totally. I hear you. I hear you. But year old, A 5-year-old also. So now we're kind of like, okay, well We're That place where we're not in baby, you know? That's Right. Crazy Land in our house all The time.


Anything in life. Gentry and Ken talks about this so much, but you know, you're not gonna go where you wanna go on accident. Like you're, you guys will not wake up in 10 years and be like, oh, well look, we're getting closer to retirement. We're able to do what we want. This is so fun. You're not gonna just wake up and that happen. You're gonna wake up exactly where you are today unless things change. And the most motivating thing to change is to have goals out there that you want. Yeah, that's right. And to create a plan and do that. so I almost wanna take like the stagnant feeling a little bit of you guys financially and just kind of shake it up and say, Hey, put some life back into this part of your life. Yeah. And, and shoot for a goal. And for you guys, getting rid of the student loans is a great goal.


You know, saving up some emergency fund, like getting you guys in a good place and then home ownership will come later. But don don't know. There's just something in that gentry I, I hope is just kind of motivating. 'cause I think you guys can do, you Know, great things. Yeah. I, you gotta believe that you can get there and I got news for you. If you think you just got out of crazy town with the kids' age, wait till they get to middle school and high school. You don't even know. Crazy. It's crazy town in all caps. I say that to say life is going to happen to you or you are going to happen to your life. And I'm encouraging you. Not not, I'm not upset at you. I just think it's that turning that dial to we're gonna happen to our life and, and we're here to help on that and, and, and, and get outta debt.


So hang on the line Christian, let's get a, let's get a one session, our gift to them with a financial coach just to help 'em get that budget set and some real direction and some extra motivation. I think that'll help. This is The Ramsey Show.


Here at Ramsey we talk a lot about building wealth and a big part of protecting your wealth is insurance. Having the right insurance is key to taking care of the things and people that are most important to you. When you work with our Ramsey trusted insurance pros and partners, you'll have the peace of mind knowing you're not paying for gimmicks, you're only paying for what you need. Get connected with a Ramsey trusted Insurance pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. So excited that you are with us. We're here to help you win with your money, winning your work and winning your relationships. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is with me this hour, triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's time for our Ramsey show question of the day.


Brought to you by Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option you could qualify for after 24 months, go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Natalie and Rhode Island. She says, my husband's job awards company stocks as part of his compensation package. The problem is that their stock has a lifetime history of negative returns. Oh gosh. When the stocks vest after three years, we sell them because we know that they're bad investments. And, we don't do single stocks. Do you have any tips on negotiating salary to include more cash and no stocks? He makes about 10 or a hundred thousand dollars a year and receives an additional 15% in stocks and that portion of his compensation isn't available until three years have passed. How should we go? How should he go about negotiating cash instead of stocks that we have to wait years for them to process and they're always at a loss.


This is just a good old fashioned conversation to say, okay, here's the reality as I look at these numbers based on the stock, and here's what it looks like. Are there alternatives to the compensation plan? You just gotta ask. You don't demand. I can tell you that. Yeah. Yeah. My guess is that, that this is just a part of their deal and they're gonna look at you and go, well, you know, we, we plan for this to happen and this happen, this happen. so I think what you have to do is, is you go in and you ask a lot of questions. And to the extent that you can always put your leader in a position that you are occupying by asking questions, you know, Hey, how, what would you do if you were me?


I'm, I'm, I'm stuck and hung up on that. A part of my, a massive part of my bonus is a negative stock price and this is just what I'm going through psychologically and, and you know more about it than I do. Maybe you don't. You're my leader. What do you think on this? Because I can tell you this, in this situation, I doubt that this is the person directly responsible for this. Sure. Yeah. So what you want to do is, is you wanna be heard and the only way to be heard is to be asking questions so that it's very obvious what your emotions are and what your thoughts are without demands. That's all you can do in a, in a compensation situation like this.


Now, it would be very different. My advice would be different if it was, I don't think I'm paid fairly. Then you gotta go get market research and you come in and again, same kind of posture. Hey, I, what do you think about these numbers? I did this research in this case, this is a company policy, it's how they pay. So you gotta raise your hand and not raise an alarm. and I, that's the only way I know how to do that is through some thoughtful questions. Here's how I'm feeling about this. Is this a long-term strategy? Is this how it's always gonna be? What do you know about it? Yeah. Yeah. And then when the leader doesn't feel like they've been put on kind of blast or put in a position where they're in a situation where they don't wanna say something that is looked at as Yeah, you don't Get the right person.


Right. Whether it's hr, whoever's Doing that, they gotta be careful too. Yeah. They don't know what you're gonna say if they, so it's one of those deals where I don't think you got a lot of wiggle room not knowing any more than what's on the paper here. If you're not happy with the answer, you're looking for a much better compensation situation somewhere else. Yep, for sure. And if you love the job but you just hate that part of it, then I would do exactly what you guys do. And after they vest, after three years, cash 'em out, put 'em somewhere else to actually make a return and call it a day. Yeah, That's right. That's good. Brandon is up next in Orlando, Florida. Brandon, how can we help today? Hey guys, my question has to do with single stocks as well.


So what I did is probably about five or six years ago, I invested maybe like 40 grand in Robinhood stocks, single stocks. And I think two or three of 'em went bankrupt. and I had about 14,000 in those stocks combined. Ouch. So they're, they're at zero now. So I got in touch with the smart ster Pro and took some of the money out from my Robinhood that was doing good and that I had made profit on. And so my question is, if I have some stocks still left in Robinhood that, or like bigger companies that I'm not really afraid of them going under and I don't know if I should leave them in there to hopefully recoup back some of that loss or just take everything out and put it into the mutual fund that I had set up.


Yeah, I mean I, I always, I don't own any single stocks, Brandon. 'cause it's just this concept that all your eggs are in one basket and it's what you experience. I mean the, the worst, the worst is what you experienced of you put your money in and you'll lose it all because it was all just in one stock. So the idea of diversification, it's boring. It's probably not as exciting, but it, it lowers your risk. And over time, I mean we see over and over again, whether it's the s and p 500 Al Jones, I mean it's that 10 to 12% return that you're going to get again, where your money is, is mutually funded versus that single stock. So if I were you, Brandon, in your shoes? Yes, I would take money out of Robinhood. That's one reason I don't care for Robinhood is 'cause it makes the average person feel like Oh, my gosh, I can do whatever I want with investing.


And they put their money and $14,000 and don't realize the risk or know what's going on and then they lose the money. So our investing advice overall, Brandon, is not the coolest, flashiest most exciting advice that you're gonna hear. It's pretty boring, but it works every single time. so I would put my money, which it is. Yeah. In a good mutual fund, even in an index fund, if you wanna do that, like a vanguard kind of account, you could look, you know, into something like that too if you wanted. But the idea of diversification is really key. And so that's, that's what I would personally do. Are you, like, how much are you making a year in general, like with your salary and everything?


Probably about 85. Okay. Do you have debt? No. No debt. No debt. And do you have cash savings? Just liquid if you need it. Yeah, I have, I have, I have enough in like a high yields and then just a regular savings account. Okay, Great. Yeah, I mean the only time Brandon, I would, and I put crypto in this, I put single stocks in this, I put gambling and a good game of craps in Vegas in this, like there is a section that once you're debt free, you have a fully funded emergency fund, you're funding retirement, 15% of your income. Like you, you know, you're being wise with, with 98% of your money if there's a little bit on the side that if you wanna just gamble it away is literally what that is.


You can Right. And if you lose it, it doesn't, it didn't take you out because everything else is fine. And, and again, this is after your funding retirement and you're doing what you need to do with money. If there's like a little bit of money on the side that if it burns in the middle of the floor tomorrow, it doesn't change your life and you wanna kind of play around with stuff that's at that point, that's where I'm like, yeah, that's where crypto comes in. Or single stocks or gambling. You're like, well to that end, I'm curious, whatever you wanna do just for fun, basically With this, what do you still have in those single stocks that you still have money in? Robbing it. How much is that? It's about 20 grand and on my total returns, I'm down about 9,500 now. So I've made some back, but Yeah. And you say, and you're saying those single stocks of the 20 grand, they're in large companies.


Yeah. Larger than what I lost money on, on the smaller ones. I I mean, again, you've already talked to a smart investor pro. I'm pretty sure I know what they told you. I I, in, in this situation, I, I know what you're feeling. You're kind of going, man, sure. Would like to get back to at at least break even. Yeah. And let me ask that question. Let's say you got back to break even tomorrow, what would you do then? I'd take all the money out and put it in my mutual fund. I'm not a lawyer, but I would love to play one on tv and that was my best leading question there. And so if that was, if that's what you do tomorrow, that's what do today. Okay. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.


It's great. Yeah. Not trying to trap you there, but I think Dave would've yelled at us, yelled at me from Scotland talking about crypto and gambling and all of it. We, I laugh all the time 'cause I always say that and I believe that. But if there's a little part, if you're doing everything else and you wanna go, just do what you wanna do with it, do it. I think That holds up And I have him, I have him in my ear being like, why would you choose to lose money? So America, I'm just saying that for Steve. God, you know, my response to that would be, it'd be like, have you ever played at a great craps table? Because Ken And I Have and it's fun. It's fun. Especially when they get hot. You right. If somebody gets hot, everybody's having a good time. And if it's in the blow envelope, don don't know what the problem is.


I'm there with you Rachel. Maybe I won't be in the doghouse. This is The Ramsey Show


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruiser's selling fast, fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation and I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. The Ramsey Show continues. I'm Ken Coleman. Rachel Cruz is with me and we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We were just in a meeting the other day. Rachel and I were And boy, boy, the live like no one else cruise is is it's it's on its way. I feel like the boat is on its way. I mean, it'd here, it's set sail. It's yeah, we are captain. I'm gonna call you Captain Cruise the entire week. It's gonna be great. Oh, happy. You need you. Are you gonna have some sort of nautical style going on? You have, you're always recommend clothes on the old Insta a Caribbean flare. I see you, I see you with some type of Yeah, some type of nautical flare. Yeah. Everybody A vacation mode. Look, everybody I got this dress at Walmart. I got For only, only $7 and 47 cents And it's on sale. Oh geez. Hey, it's gonna be a lot of fun. I might wear some nautical theme clothing and I promise you that right now, the live like no one else, cruise is almost sold out. 90% of the cabins are booked. You don't wanna miss this chance. This is for baby step four and up because you can do it. And why would you do something like this? Like mines, you know, like values having a good time. You can afford it. We're gonna be going to Turks, Caico, St. Thomas, port Rico, and The Bahamas. And I'm told you don't need a passport. So if some of you're like, I don't have my passport, I don't want to have to deal with all that junk at the post office, you know, you don't have to have it because we're American port to American port. I'm told don don't even know if I said that right. But you don't need your passport. All food is included. Gonna be the pools, the hot tubs, all kinds of fun stuff. And pickleball courts, if you're a pickleball enthusiast like I am, Ken Is Challenge excited by the way, I it's on my desk. I, oh, you should bring it next segment. I didn't bring my trophy. All right. Next segment. I'll bring the trophy. You'll He, he got a tr Yeah, I won. I, by the way, for those of you who have not heard, I won the first hopefully it's an annual Ramsey personality pickleball tournament. I won George Kamel and Rachel Cruz were the first opponent for me and my brain leader, Damon g And. we dispatched of them within eight minutes. It's the quickest pickle of ball of a game in recorded history. Okay. But when you spin the little ball, it's very difficult to hit. That's all I'm saying. So Rachel doesn't, And I do a little spin. Not fair. Rachel Doesn't like it when anybody hits the ball with any spin. It's not fair. You Can't hit a ball and not spin it. That's the do you want me to show, I, I, I can demonstrate how you just hit a ball without the spin, But that's your problem. Not everybody else's, but I digress. Here's the cruise dates. March 22 through 29, 20 25. March 22 through 29. 2025. All the Ramsey personalities. Trey Kennedy, great comedian Steven Curtis Chapman, monit, Johann of the Food Network. Deanna Carter, the legendary country music star and more Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. Yep. And everything's included. Teach I'm how to spin the ball. Inc, Inc. Okay. I was gonna say all the foods included. It's gonna be a really fun time. So you don't have to be in the kitchen literally. And on the pickleball court. Oh, I see what you did there. She's got jokes. I am gonna teach her how to hit the ball with some spin. Then all of a sudden you'll be pro spin.


There it is. Michael's up in Charlotte, North Carolina. Michael, how can we help today? Hey Thanks for taking my call. so I, I need some advice right now I do have 400 and six thousand dollars worth of debt. Does that include your mortgage Michael? Yes, that includes my mortgage. Okay. so I have 102,000 of student loans. Okay. Loans, $220,000 on my mortgage. Okay. A $43,000 on a heloc. Okay. 13,000 on my auto loan. Wait, how much? 13,000 car 13 left on my auto. Okay. Personal line of credit, no personal loan. 20 908,000 in credit card and I have about $24,000 in savings.


That's including stock accounts and you know, high yield savings and all the different savings account. Oh that's great. Okay. Okay. That's great. Yeah. Okay, hold on. I'm making a list real quick. One second. How New, while she's writing that down, how new to our program are you? So I learned about Dave Ramsey last year at church. Okay. and I did baby step one. I actually taught at STU class at my church in our groups. Oh, okay. But I found myself not actually living up to that standard. so I need to take a step back and get my stuff right before I teach others about how to Learn. So. So this is fun. So if you were leading the class and someone said, Hey, I have $24,000 in savings and I've got all this debt and, and you yourself accomplished baby, step one, what'd you, what would you tell 'em to do with the rest of that 24,000?


That that 23,000, what would you tell 'em to do with it Mr. Teacher? I Would tell 'em to list their guts from small list to larges and start knocking them out. Knocking them out. Man, That's pretty good advice. Yeah, that's pretty good advice. Yeah. Michael. Michael, Michael, how much do you make a year? I make a, so my base salary is $108,000. Okay. That boy. Yeah. Do you get extra? Like what with bonus? Yeah, so with bonus around 1 25 I guaranteed. Okay. So my and I, I also sell real estate side hustle. So this year I made around $18,000 doing that. Oh, good for you. Which I started the year off with about 12,000 in credit card debt and I was intentional about selling some houses Using That commission and knocked down that credit card debt and I did, but I built it back up, but I'm paying it off next week.


Okay. Yeah. so I mean. Yeah, I mean if I were you, gosh, I mean you today with that 24 grand you can get the, the car, the credit cards and the personal line of credit paid off with the 24,000. Yeah. So that's done. I mean just, you know, speaking and then, I mean if you made 1 45 coming up and let's just pretend you know, you lived on 75 and after taxes, that's a, I mean, yeah, you got 45 freed up. So in a year you can get the HELOC paid off. So, and then you got a 1 0 2 left in student loans and you could do that in probably two years. So what, what do you, what do you mean? so what do you mean? So here's the be nice, here's the, here's the, the, the wrench and everything I just Shared.


Okay. Okay. Give it to us. So in July, in July I went in the contract for a new house. I have $8,400 invested in, you know, down payments and earn Money. Four, $400? No, no. 8,400. 8,400. Okay. Yes. So the house's, new construction is being built. It won't be finished till next year. The reason I did it was because I've been paying this heloc, it was originally $2,800, $28,000. But the banker convinced me to roll in of a debt into the HELOC 'cause it will save me some money, which it did. But when I think about it now I'm paying around $4,430 a month on a heloc, which is mostly interest and the principal isn't really coming down.


so I bought my house in 2020. I have around $135,000 in equity in the house. When I sell it, I'll be able to take care of the heloc, the car payment I'm calculating. Hopefully I'll have around $60,000 left after I use the 20,000 for the house. so I'm using $20,000 of the principal, $20,000 to go into the down payment on my house because that's the principal I paid for the house I live in now and I roughly have around hopefully 50 or $60,000 left over. And then I still have, I roughly have around like 30 left of my savings, I mean around 30 of my savings.


Okay. Which I was gonna use that for my emergency fund. Here's my only thing, but here's my only thing. I'm gonna give this to Rachel, but I gotta jump in here. What I don't understand is, is you taught FPU, you believe in it enough to teach it, you did a portion of it and while you were paying off debt, you start this process and then you go right back into credit card debt. So all I'm saying is this, selling the house is the easy way out, but I'm just curious why it is that you just keep backtracking. It doesn't make any sense. It's like you're So the credit cards are gone. I know, but my point is you jumped them back up. You told us I paid them down, then I jumped them back up and, and, and you got 24 cash in the bank right now. You could have paid three of these line items off before you even called us.


I'm just curious, what's holding you back from going all in? What's holding me back from going all in is I just don't, over the last couple of years, even the last couple months really, I've been having like emergency expenses coming up and a thousand dollars in an emergency fund wouldn't cover some of the expenses that I'd incur. Such as. Yeah. So Michael, I think, sorry we're going to a to a hard break, but I would just encourage you that when you get focused and get all this debt out of your life, it frees up your income and you don't have payments anymore and you're able to use your income to then fund things in your life.


So you're just kind of doing it the opposite way and I would reverse it. Good hour. Hey the rest of the show, you can only get at the Ramsey app Network app. Go get at the App store, Google Play. Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app.


Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right for free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.