
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw. And we are here to answer your questions about life, money, career, anything and everything. So give us a call at Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. At first this hour we have Chris in Raleigh, North Carolina. Hey Chris, Welcome to The Show. Thank you. thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can We help. So I'm asking this question for my daughter and her fiance and I wanted you guys to give your best explanation of why you should not buy a house together before you are married.


Oh, I like that. So, I mean, the first thing is there's no legal protections. I mean, you're kind of just his word against her word and you're commingling money together. And so at the end of the day, if it doesn't work out, there's not really a process in place to decide who gets what. That would be my first thought. Okay. So with you saying that, of course nobody goes into a marriage thinking that it's not gonna work out, and these two are no different. But they both still live at home. They both have jobs. She's in college and she's finishing up a teaching degree, which She is gonna take her three years to do that. And they're scheduled to get married in April of 26th.


Wow. They're trying to understand how you, you wait until you're married to buy a house. 'cause they say, well, where are we gonna live at? Well, that's, that's a good question. and I tell 'em you, you gotta look at renting and if they decide to wait, I mean, I want you to explain to them why that's a, a good thing, I guess is what I'm saying, To wait to get married or to wait to not buy the house together. Sure. Wait to not buy the house together. I think they understand the finance part of it, but I think they're like, if we don't have it when we get married, we don't have nowhere to go. So that's what I'm, I'm kind of getting at and wanting them to understand and hear it from somebody else. Well, there's two conversations.


I think there's the value side of it and then there's the money side of it. So on the money side, yeah. We don't recommend combining money until you're married. So up until this point, they should be viewing her money as her money. His money is his money, so her money is used to buy her rent, her food, pay her bills, that sort of thing. And vice versa. For him, the moment that they start combining it, it just becomes kind of a web together, which when you're married, it's a good web, but when you're not married, it's a bad web because if something happens and they end up not staying together, then that's a lot that has the ability to be lost. Right. Would you agree? Yes. Yes, I would agree a hundred percent. Yeah. And then I just wanted to, well, I'm sorry.


Yeah, no, it's fine. And when you own something with someone, and this is even a car, Chris, we would say this about a car when both of your names are on the ownership of something to detangle, that is very difficult to do. And when you have an asset like a house, it's, it's very difficult. And then I would say to them as well, financially speaking, they're just gonna be outta school. They don't, they can't afford a house anyways. Like the upkeep of home ownership already is gonna add stress to their life and they don't need that. Right. Like that, that's down the road. And we want that to be part of their plan long term. but it almost kind of seals a level of joy and freedom. Like when you can just rent and everything's taken care of for you, like enjoy your early twenties.


Don't, you know, if you're in a place financially that you're, you know, you're settling down and you can buy a home and can afford it, that's one thing. But when you're first starting out, like yeah, understand that, you know, it's very, very expensive. So, so on that end, Chris, it's very unwise, very unwise to put your name together when you are not married on an asset because just like Jade just said, untangling that it's, it's a mess. It's an absolutely mess. And then a house is, is magnified in that it, that is not a wise move. And then you have the values conversation. And again, people can, you know, do what they wanna do and believe what they wanna believe. But I think there is something to be said about acting like you're married and pretending like you're married when you're not, you're not married.


And there is, you know, a level of, of something sacred to say, Hey, I'm gonna join my life with this person under a vow and under a covenant. And we are going to then merge our lives together and actually, you know, do this life together. And, and, and there's something that, you know, nowadays it's just like, you know, you you gave it all away right up front. Yeah. And it's like, man, there's just something about saying we're gonna do this in a order that, again, some would say it is old fashioned, but I think is wise because it actually gives you options. And too, Chris, I've talked to so many people that, you know, they live together and, and worse, they have a house together and they're not like, ugh, I don't even know if I wanna marry this person. And the long, you know, creating this timeline of the breaking up lasts so much longer versus like, Hey, we're just trying to figure this out and it's not working.


And it's so much easier to cut ties with people, I think. So it Gets to that point. What I think is going on here is there, there's a, a lack of foresight obviously. 'cause they're thinking under best case scenario. And that already is a red flag to me. 'cause the truth is, life happens. You don't know what life's gonna happen. So having the right protections in place is important. The other thing is, I think that this is more out of convenience than anything else. I think they're trying to create a certain level of convenience instead of living their lives as they are. How old did you say they are? They're, they're 20 now. Okay. They're 20 now. So yeah. I feel like they're going, they're going, it's just easier to do it like this as opposed to taking the smarter route and the more, more independent route.


Does that make sense? I mean, I know this is not for you, it's for them, but Absolutely. That's why I called. 'cause you, what you said is, is right on the money. and I can't wait for at the end to hear this. Well, let us know how they take it. I hope they they'll take it from two ladies who Yeah, For sure. Yeah. And, and, and it's a hard thing too, Chris, you know, I mean, granted, she's 20, so I do feel like her, you, you being able to speak into her life is, you know, the doors, it's starting to close, you know, with her becoming an adult. But it's still open, hopefully. But also knowing that, you know, as, as they, as your kids get older, and especially when they start entering adulthood, the the conversation does look different.


The tone you take, the perspective you take. and I would just say to you, Chris, that you know as much as you can, the biggest way to influence, I would think her as a 20-year-old who's in college, knows what she wants to do for a career. She's obviously very smart and she's, you know, knows that path that she's walking down. But to, to engage this conversation as much of an a friend aspect than like, I'm a dad, I'm gonna tell you Yeah, yeah. What To do. I just feel like you start to get to that age in the late teens, early twenties, where it's like the persuasive of a parent comes into play much stronger than I get. Yeah, that's True. To Control you. Like when you have like a three-year-old and you're like, I, this is what you're gonna do. But some of it still gets in like truth, truthfully, I remember when I was in my twenties, I was dating this guy and I, remember my dad telling me, he was like, Jade, like before you go too deep into this, just know like you're tastes change.


Like what you want changes over time. and I think he told me something like, what you want's gonna change like five or six times. So, and I mean it was weird because he was like, you know, you were dating this guy and you thought, and then you were dating this. He's like, this guy's like number four. Like, you might change your mind again. And as at the time I was kind of like, oh, this guy, like, dad doesn't know what he's talking about, but he was Right. Yeah. And so there's part of that. I'm like, you're 20 years old, don't get me wrong. Some people, they marry their high school sweetheart, whatever. I'm not saying against that, but there is a part of it that, that is such a growth period for most of us. Oh yeah, hundred percent. You change so much from 20 to 25 even. Right? Right. And so there's part of that where it's like you guys, you don't know what's gonna happen in the future.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you certainly don't want to be like locked into a financial asset like a house. Yeah. Yeah. Let that might make you feel trapped. Yes. Let the timeline unfold naturally. Right. And, and let the turn of events, the, you know, the order of events play out in a natural way versus trying to force it and rearrange everything. 'cause it's just gonna make it more difficult. Hope that helps. Chris, thanks for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable infield of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver, and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ Ramsey and get 15% off with promo code Ramsey field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz with Jade Warshaw and we are answering your questions this hour. Up next we have Elizabeth in Grand Rapids. Hey Elizabeth Welcome to The Show. Hi, how are you guys doing? We're doing great. How can We help? I have a question. So my husband and I decided that I'm gonna become a stay at home mom once we have kids. And right now our take home pay and our mortgage, our mortgage is about 25% of our take home pay. If I stop working, it goes up to about 50% of our take home, pay for his take home, pay for our mortgage. Ooh. Yeah. And we're wondering should we pull back on retirement to pay down on the house or should we keep our retirement at 15% and just do it the best that we can for the next year or two and recast or refinance the house as we can.


Are you, are you expecting now? No, I would like to get pregnant. Maybe sometime I would like to have a baby in my arms in like two years. I'm a bit of a planner. Okay. So just trying to get ahead of it. I'm here for It. That's great. That's great. Okay. Yeah. So if the time came, which you guys have some time to kind of, you know, mitigate some of this, but I mean if you were to call us today and said, Hey, I'm choosing to stay home next week and I'm not gonna be working anymore. My first question would be, is his income at all gonna be increasing significantly in any amount of time? You know, that you see in the, in the foreseeable future? And if the answer was no, then I would say you probably have too much house and you guys are, that's part of the, you know, the give and take of making these life decisions is that you can't afford your house on one income, but you guys are two years out.


So there can be possibly, you know, again, some planning to go along with this. Tell Me again what baby step you're on? I guess technically six, but if we were to try to pay down our house more, then we'd go back to two and we also have three months of emergency fund and I would wanna bump it up to six. Yeah. Before I stopped working. Yeah, I think that's a great idea. Bumping the ba the, the emergency fund up to six months. How much do you think that you could, what do you owe on the house now and what do you think you can knock it down to? Like what's the, what's the timeframe on getting this thing paid off? We owe about three 50 on it right now. We just got it.


Oh, okay. and I also just found you guys a few weeks ago. Okay. I think I I think we could bump it down maybe like 50 to six. 50 to 70. And my husband's wondering if we knock down our retirement, he thinks we have enough in retirement to knock it down long term to pay more on the house. Just, just so we have more options. We have about $210,000 in our retirement accounts, not including any HSAs. And you're, he's saying not, instead of investing 15% like we would teach, what, what's his thought there? Bump it down so that our house is 20 until our house is 25% of his take home pay. Yeah. I I I don't agree with that.


I think that it's really important for you guys to build. 'cause for you, this is a, this is a long-term decision. You're not saying, oh, I'm just gonna stay home for a year. It sounds like you're wanting to stay home indefinitely. And so the fact that you guys would bump down your retirement contribution long term, that does bother me because I wanna make sure that you do have enough there when the time comes. I think the issue here is you, you have two places you can look. One is income. Is there anything that else that he can do? Is there a pathway for his income to go up? And then the second place is the house because living at 50% living with your house at 50% Yeah. Is not sustainable. Like you have stars in your eyes now and I get it.


Staying home with a a baby is wonderful. But let me tell you, when you're strapped and you're also staying home, that is stressful. Yeah. I, I would also have the option to work part-time, but it wouldn't be super sustainable. I am a engineer who can do consulting work and then my husband and I are also graduating with our MBAs soon, which we paid for in cash. So we don't have any student loans. So his income will definitely go up over the next two years. I just don't like relying on Yeah. Future imaginary numbers. What's the amount you need to get it to 25%? Like what's that magic number? If it were a refinance, depending on if interest rates could get down to like five, 5.5% or if we buy down points it would be about $50,000 and if we were doing a recast it would be closer to 70.


No, I'm talking about in your monthly budget. What's the, the dollar amount that you would need for this to be the right ratio for you? Like how much income per month We would need? Right now our income is at $11,000 and so we would need to keep it at around $11,000 'cause our mortgage is about 2,800 a month. 2,800. Okay. And what is that I, what I'm getting at is your income is going away. How much of it is that? Oh mine, I'm, I'm six of that 11 take home pay. So you need $6,000 added back to your budget to make this right or you need that amount monthly eliminated from your home payment.


Yes. That's the answer. I'm not Following. I'm saying that you either need to replace the $6,000 with him and you combined some way or you need to find a way to cut that from your existing budget, whether it's from the home payment or something else. 'cause this has got a balance, right? Yeah, but we, we only spend his income right now and so we have my income every month to put into Roth IRAs savings accounts or pay down the house. Yes. But that doesn't change the equation. The fact that your mortgage would be 50% Of all of that would still of all of that. Yeah, Because the thing is, the things that you're saying that would go to the wayside, those are very important things. I mean, you've gotta save for retirement and you've gotta have extra margin without it.


You are, you will be living paycheck to paycheck indefinitely. E Elizabeth, you guys are getting MBAs right now. Will his income go up? Did you guys get that, those degrees knowing that there's opportunity that you're gonna see some ROI on those degrees? Like do you see him and his and his income drastically increasing? I do see it happening in about two to three years. We are still relatively young, so obviously an NBA doesn't, you know, fix everything. We're only 26 years old. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So management positions don't really happen until you're, you know, in your late twenties or early thirties. Totally. Okay. So yeah, I I would say two things, Elizabeth, for you. I appreciate your planning and looking so far ahead. Yeah, I really do.


Because I think it does give you some peace just to be like, Hey, and my piece of encouragement number one is you never know what's gonna happen. You never know between now and two years. I mean, who knows Elizabeth, that's true. You could look up in three months and like, whoop got pregnant, didn't we do? Or you know, you guys can have a totally different journey to walk down, you know, like people can change jobs, there could be someone sick in your family, you end up moving like you have no idea in two years. So I would give yourself a lot of grace in that. I, but again, I appreciate the planning, but just know a lot of things can change from jobs, location, income, family status, all of it in two years. And then the other thing I would say is just kind of paint some best case, worst case scenarios and just say, okay, realistically in two years, here's probably what he's gonna be making and here's how much we can pay down the house between now and then without sacrifice.


I know the, the sacrificing the retirement, I kind of, I hate, I, I would hate for you guys to do that, but if, if you choose to do it for two years, you choose to do it. But I probably wouldn't, but just get, I don't Want to Yeah, just, yeah. So I would just do a worst case scenario and the worst case scenario, Elizabeth, is you get pregnant, you have a baby, you can't afford your house, you move to a smaller house. That's right. You know what I mean? Like, it's just like, at the end of the day, I know the housing market is so stressful, there's so much that goes on, I don't wanna make light of that. But also it is just a house. Like you guys could look up and make a different decision because value based decisions on your life and you guys as a couple is gonna give you more peace versus staying somewhere like just pretend you don't wanna work and you're staying in a job just to pay a mortgage.


Well that's gonna make you bitter at the house. Like that's not a, that's not a great way to live. So free yourself up from that. But that may mean some give and take of freeing yourself from this asset and changing it up a little bit. But to get ultimately what you guys want. So, so again, i I the timeframe, there's a long time frame here. So give yourself grace there and then always know you can make different decisions. You can, you're not, you're not married to this house even though it feels like a big investment. Yeah. But you can, you can change it. You guys can, but it's, it, it's hard. and I think that's one thing that, you know why we talk about money on this show. So much of the conversations, it's, it is, it is not just about the money.


It's not just about the percentages of the budget. It is what you all want as a family. And I'm talking to you all as listeners and viewers, you know, what do you want for your life? And money is a tool to create that. And there's gonna be some give and take and you know, and I know two friends and they're both lawyers. They work crazy, but they make great money. They go on great trips with their family. The way they've set up their life is what they love. They're passionate about it and it's great. And then, you know, I had another friend and, and she quit her job similar to Elizabeth and they had to move probably 15 minutes, you know, outside from where they were to be able to afford Yeah. And not be stressed, but that's what they chose. You get to choose, you do. So, so you know, being an adult, you have to figure out though, from a value standpoint, what do you want your life to look like? And then use money as a tool to get you there.


Hey you guys, when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt for example, it might seem weird at first and that is totally okay. We want you to be weird if that means you're doing things intentionally, including how you spend your healthcare dollars. And one way to be intentional is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom programs. Start as low as $98 a month, find out more and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Well, this March I can tell you where Jade, Jade and I are gonna be. We're gonna be on a cruise ship with the Live Like, No One, Else Cruise. We're both gonna be there as well as all the Ramsey personalities, including Dave. Dave will be there as well. And we are celebrating you guys. So if you are on baby steps 4, 5, 6, or seven Yeah. And you're outta debt, you have your emergency fund and we always say around here, you live like no one else. You sacrifice to get outta debt, you sacrifice to get that emergency fund you sacrifice to get that financial foundation under you. That is so hard. It's, it's not fun. But man, once you do it, then you get to really enjoy your income. Yes. And you get to live like no one else. And that is what this cruise is all about. So the dates are March 22nd through the 29th, so a full week and more than 90% of the cabins are full. So Wow. They are, they are getting taken every day. Every day they're selling. So make sure you guys jump on to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise and reserve your cabin today. And this is a really nice cruise ship. I was laughing 'cause someone was like, oh gosh, is it, what, what kind of ship is it? and I was, it's nice. and I was like, if, if, let's be honest, if Dave and Ken Coleman are going somewhere, it's gonna be a little bougie. It's gonna be a little bougie. Yeah. So this is a, this is a very nice, a very nice ship. And we're going to Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas. I think Winston's gonna come for about half of it. Same. Okay. My Family Too. Yeah. Oh good, good, good, good. Yeah. So yeah, so we'll be there. So make sure to, to check it out again. There's fitness center, pickleball, courts, spa excursions, some great entertainment like Trey Kennedy, the comedians coming, Dina Carter, Stephen Curtis Chapman. So it'll be fun and we'll be teaching too, like throughout the week. So different things when it comes to your money and your life and your mental health and your marriage and all of it. So there'll be some really good content too. And you'll have a boat full of people that think and live just like you do. That's when it comes to money. That's, We'll be best friends with all of you. That's by the time it's Over. That's, that's right. So go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise and we would love to see you there.


Alright, next is Garrett in Phoenix, Arizona. Hey Garrett. Welcome to The Show. Hi, how's it going? Thank you for taking the call? Absolutely. How can We help? So I'm looking for advice on how to not make any major mistakes. That's kind of gonna set my family back as we're preparing for some big changes and just trying to avoid, avoid the advice that comes from like social media. Okay, that's Good. What Are the big changes? So I used to be the sole income person in my house and my wife was a stay at home. We have four kids and she stayed at home. We home, she homeschooled our kids, but we have swapped so that I could go back to school and I could get a degree and we're kind of approaching the end of that.


Like I said, she went back to school, she's working as a teacher, but I'm about ready to finish that upcoming in May and we're just kind of trying to plan. We currently don't really, our only debt really is our mortgage. We don't have any student debt. We've paid everything off for my schooling. We paid off of her schooling. We have no credit cards, no card debt. Good. So we're really not in any kind of debt. We do have our, our six months emergency fund saved up. Nice. I just don't know where to go from here because we don't owe a whole lot on our home. But I also, I'm a little bit older, it was a little bit later in life and I don't know how much I should be focusing more on retirement or I should be focusing on home and I just get a lot of mixed signals online. Well this is kind of similar to the last call we took. So the way we teach in the order of baby steps, technically you guys are on baby steps four, five, and six.


So you have no debt, you've got six months of emergency funds saved. So right now you should be investing 15% every single month off of your gross monthly amount. And so once that's kind of going and it's, you know, you don't touch it, then you can say, okay, do we wanna put anything in, you know, five 20 nines or for college savings for our kids educational savings? And you can decide how much that is. And then whatever's left after that, you can say, okay, what does it look like for us to start working on this house? And that could look like, I don't know, at the end of the year we'll get a bonus and that goes towards the house. It could be a monthly amount that you set that's you both have agreed on. There's really no rules on exactly what that looks like.


The biggest rule to keep in mind is that we don't stop baby step four to do baby step six. That's really the, the crux of this. Yeah. So what, what are you going back to school for? I'm currently in school for nursing. Okay. So tell me, give me like what are we, it's October, give me October of 25, what does life look like? Have you graduated at that point and working? Yeah, So yeah, so I'll be graduated at that point. I'll be working, there's like an entry level salary and then eventually at some point it will go up after that. But I'll be full working and then my wife could or could not be working depending on how, you know, intense, we're trying to hit the, the mortgage or save up for retirement. Okay, perfect. So how much do you think you'll be making outta school?


Somewhere between 80 ish, right around. That's a good guess note. It's like probably more like low ball. Yeah. And what will she make teaching? She makes about 50 teaching. Okay. So great. Okay. So when that time comes, you guys will kinda just reevaluate, hey, how fast do we wanna hit these financial goals? Maybe she works another two to three years, maybe she doesn't and she just goes home. What will the kids do if you guys are both working full time? We get a lot of help, but we probably would have to do something at that point. We've been getting help from grandparents and from different friends that have been helping us to kind of keep the homeschooling because we really value that. Okay. So if we had a goal in mind, which is kind of why I'm trying to, to develop a plan now, if we had a goal in mind, then we can say, hey, for the next year we're gonna work to do X whether it's retirement or it's gonna be the, the mortgage.


And then we can kind of re-evaluate at that point. But with no goal in mind and just kind of hitting like the minimums of like the 15% which we are meeting we're, we're above that. But, and then also just kind of sitting there on the mortgage, I, it's hard to say, Hey, can people keep helping us out? So we're trying to find a balance of like, where do we shoot for Yeah. How do we start planning what our kids do? Totally. So I would give you, I, this is my thought, and Jade, you could, you could have a different opinion on this, you know, with when you're in debt and you don't have any savings, your like priority is to get yourself financially in a place where you can breathe and sleep at night, right? Like that's, that's the value in my opinion. 'cause it makes everything else then kind of fall into place when financially you're in a good spot and you guys are there, Garrett. So in a way I almost would flip it and say, what do we value?


We actually value homeschooling and we don't wanna piecemeal friends and grandparents for the next four years just to pay off the house. Maybe this is what we value and then now we value that. So now with my income, we're absolutely, we're we're going to map out how long will it take us to pay off the house. And then from there, if it's I'm, I'm just making up numbers, if it's eight years and y'all are like, oh gross, we could, we could really do that in four if we sacrifice two years of, you know, her teaching. But I almost would start with what you guys want your life to look like because we just talked about you live like no one else till later. You get to live and give like no one else. And you guys have the ability, Garrett, to create a life that you want right now and then from there set your goals versus letting your, the house payment drive if your wife works or not.


Or maybe not. That's, that's how I am agree. But some people are more money focused where they do flip it but nothing's On fire. That's right. That's right. There's absolutely nothing on fire here. I feel like you have an urgency that's like, I, I love that you're thinking about this, but I don't think that it's necessary to have that level of urgency. I think something that probably could help you is you said you were investing more than 15%. My guess is that if you backed that down to 15%, you'd be able to do both comfortably, do your investing and as needed, throw a little extra on the house. But the key word here is just about being intentional and I think that there's a way where you can do the homeschooling on less income. You're still investing 15% of whatever that income is so you know that you're building the retirement that you're going to need one day.


And you also know the house is gonna pay get paid off and it's gonna be paid off in less than 30 years and it's gonna be paid off in less than 15 years. And that's pretty awesome. I I really appreciate that advice. Yeah. You know, yeah. And go to Ramsey Solutions dot com Garrett because we have an investment calculator and maybe you've already done this, but plug in some numbers from the retirement side and say, Hey, this is probably what we're gonna want to live off of in retirement. You can kind of just, I mean it's probably gonna be more of a guess, but, and then back yourself out and say, okay, are we, are we making putting enough away for retirement? And then same with the mortgage calculator and just say run both scenarios that if she works for, you know, 1, 2, 3, 4 years, how fast can you pay off the mortgage versus if she doesn't work at all and see how those numbers sit with you guys because your whole life has to go into the context of this as well from the kids and the homeschooling and all of it and what you guys want out of your day-to-day life too because you're past the sacrificial lifestyle from the early baby steps mean you guys really have set yourself up really well to have some of these options.


And, and the encouraging thing too is Garrett, I was just running numbers for this talk I'm doing for our money and marriage event this weekend and even an extra more on a 30 year mortgage, one extra payment. It does so much A year. Yeah. Decreases it by almost six years and you save like 80 grand in interest, like one payment a year extra. Does that, so I can't even imagine, Garrett, if you guys were like, hey, maybe she does something part-time and Yeah, we we have a goal to throw three payments a year. Yes. You know what I mean? Or whatever it looks like. Yes. But it's kind of a, a game that you guys can sit there and just, I don't know, kind of move the numbers around and see what gives you some peace in this because you guys deserve it. You've worked hard, you've set yourself up well. So, so enjoy that. Thanks for the call.


This is The Ramsey Show,


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one, and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. It's a free call at triple eight Eight two five five two two five and we are answering your questions about life and money. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting today with Jade Warshaw, so give us a call. Alright, up next, let's see if I can get this right. Mahea Mahea from Honolulu, Hawaii, Welcome to The Show. Hi Rachel. Hi Jay. I appreciate your time. You're welcome. Did I butcher your name or did I get it kind of right? No, Maha Yeah, you you, you got it on the nose. So good. So good. Well thanks for The call. Oh, I was calling Oh sure thing. I was just calling, I've been listening to you folks since the beginning of the year at that time I had a baby, so I was kind of waiting a little bit before getting gazelle intents and just kind of starting now my question is, is it okay to do baby step three before baby step two if you live in a high cost of living area?


And if not, what is your reasoning? That's a good thought. I mean, I, I think that there's a reason that the baby steps are in order. It's because you're going to be, be most efficient. 'cause here's the thing, as long as all of your money every month is going towards payments, it's gonna take longer and longer for you to save that three to six months of expenses. Right. And so the idea is we wanna be able to move quickly and does that, that that's the first part of that. And so having a thousand dollars saved, I get it. It's, it's, it's, it's, it feels like it's not enough. It feels like you need more, but the, the key thing to remember is that that part's temporary.


And so just know if you put the thousand dollars there, you start paying off the debt and something happens and you dip into the thousand dollars, you replenish it and then you're quickly back into it. Okay. Okay. What do you anticipate happening? 'cause my screen says, can I do this first? I'm in a high cost of living area and what that tells me is you're thinking it's high cost of living. Maybe every once in a while I'll need to dip into this just to live. Whereas the emergency fund is truly, truly an e an emergency. So what are you thinking might pop up that's causing you to reevaluate the order? I guess what makes me hesitant? My husband and I just bought a home late last year and as soon as we moved in, you know, there were some things that needed to be fixed up and I guess just to have a thousand dollars in savings makes me a little hesitant.


You know, seeing as you can't foresee, you know, what can happen or any issues that come up. Yeah. So there's part of this where as much as you can think ahead and project the future, it's a good thing. So for instance, if I just, if if I put myself in your shoes and I said, okay, I have debt, but I just purchased this home. Let's say the house is on the older side, there is part of me that I'm gonna go, okay, how many years do we think we have on the roof? How well is the AC and the the heating doing? Is there anything that I can see that's probably gonna crop up in the next year to two? And if that's the case, I'm keeping that in the back of my mind and knowing, okay, this could come. But knowing that will also help me know, okay, if there's nothing that I can see, if I'm just kind of projecting something that's not even there, then I'm gonna go ahead and hit play full speed on baby step two.


The next question is what's really the timeline? Because if you're thinking, 'cause a lot of people think that it's gonna take them longer than it actually does to get out of debt. If you're thinking, this is gonna take me six years, of course a thousand dollars isn't enough, but let's see what the real numbers are. So how much debt do you have? I just have, we have our mortgage and I have a car loan for 17,000. Okay. 17,000. And what's you guys' income Combined? We make about 180 a Year. So you're telling me that this car is not gonna be done in one year and that a thousand dollars won't cut it for a year? No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying that it makes me just kind of want to boost up my emergency fund for the next 10 months and then pay off the car.


Listen, you can do what you wanna do, but if you're asking me, I would tell you, I'd say, Hey, clear out this car, you're eliminating risk. That's the true elimination of risk from your life. It's not having debt. So go ahead. Go ahead Rachel. Well I feel Like you're gonna say something. No. Yeah, so I mean I, that that's what I would do. And usually if things come up like a house repair or something, that's when you can pause the baby steps, save up the cash and do the repair. You know, for, for some of it's not, you know, you'll get a bill 30 days later, whatever it is. So you'll, you'll have that time if something big does come up. So we do say to pause the baby steps and the debt snowball. If something does, you know, come up, you can always pause it and put some cash aside.


But overall, yeah, knocking out with $180,000 income, knocking out a $17,000 car loan, I would do that. ASAP and I would throw all the money I have at it to get it paid off as quickly as possible. Because again, it's going to continue to take longer to save up that baby step baby step three, it'll take you, take you a bit to do that while you're still paying a payment and paying interest on that payment mathematically on something that's going down in value. And that's where, you know yeah, eliminating the risk of not having any debt, it's worth it. That's a the baby step two baby step three thing I feel like is a, I don't wanna say it's a, a difficult one for people, but I do think people question why would I do this first?


I it most people say I value security. Yeah. And because I value security, I want savings first to which my thought is like, well what's gonna make you feel more secure? Because the, the truth is, if the worst happens, you get laid off, you lose your job, something happens and a spouse is unable to work or you're unable to work. What truly makes it difficult is finding the money to make all your payments. That's who's calling you. Yeah. One 800 paying me is saying call I, I want my payment. That's what's making it stressful. But if you can eliminate payments, then if something were to happen, let's say you just were debt free tomorrow, right? And then you lost your job.


Well at least it takes probably 50% less to make your household run. Yep. That's than it did before. So I want to eliminate like what's inflating my lifestyle and what's inflating what I have to spend every month. I wanna get that down and mitigate that risk. And then it's like, oh, suddenly then what I even need to save in order to cover myself for three to six months goes down. Yes. Because my cost of living has gone down. And so when you think about it like that, it's like, okay, when I had debt, it costs us $8,000 to make the, the household run. If I eliminate the debt, it costs $4,000 to make the house run. Which means if I need three, you know, three months of expenses, it's only $12,000. So yes, that is kind of at least the way my mind works when I do this and Yeah, what's the real risk if something were to happen?


Yeah. Yep. So it's good. All right, up next we have Jenna in Indianapolis. Hey Jenna, Welcome to The show. Hi. Thanks Jake. My call Absolutely How can We help. So we're debt free and I was wondering, should we borrow from our 401k to help purchase our, our next home or our, our replacement home I guess I should say. Yeah. What's causing you guys to wanna borrow off of that versus just saving up for down payment or se or using the equity in your current home? So we're, well we were, we're hoping to sell our house and then in order to purchase we, we made an offer in a home. Ah. And so we, yes.


So we, and we don't think we're gonna get as much for our home as we were hoping. And so then to make up the difference we were thinking we could borrow from our retirement. Wow, okay. So it wasn't like a contingent offer, it wasn't based on your house selling for a certain amount. It it's contingent on our house selling, yes. But Yes. And what's the difference? Like how far were you off? It would be, well we'd be able to borrow up to 44,000 from my husband's 401k. So it probably wouldn't be that amount.


It'd probably be close to 30,000 that we would need to borrow. So So you were 30,000 off and what you thought your home was gonna sell for? Or did you kind of know going in We were off, we were off because of that? Does that change realtor Fee fees and things? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well my question is, number one, would you, would you not just roll that 44,000 into just the mortgage that you take out? But if you do that, does the math still come out well for you guys from like a monthly payment percentage and everything? I just wanna make sure you guys can afford this house Yeah. Without having to borrow any retirement. Well, So our house is currently that we live in is currently paid off. We paid it off in 2020. Oh Wow. Okay. That's great. So We'd be taking all of that from the sale and then, so we, we don't wanna take out a mortgage I guess.


Oh, especially at these Interest rates. Okay. Okay. So like We could and we'd be qualified to do it, but we'd rather, if we did have to take out a loan, it, you know, if we just from ourselves I hear you. I hear you. The, the Least amount of risk is for you to take out the small Mortgage. Yeah, for sure. 'cause If you have a 401k and you guys somehow lose, leave that job. That's the very first thing they're wanting and you're unplugging completely, you know, the machine of the retirement. So no, I would take out a small mortgage and pay it off fast. But well done Jenna. You guys are doing great.


And you can actually go to our real estate home base at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and there's so much information on there when it comes to mortgages, paying your house off and all of it. So make sure to check it out.


thank you America for listening. Thanks to all the guys in the booth and you Jade as well. This is The Ramsey Show. For Free Tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


Do You ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well that's why we created The Ramsey Network app, your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over $7,000 of RAMSEY shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author Jade Warshaw. And we are here to answer your questions. So give us a call at triple eight Eight two five five two two five. We'll be talking about your life, your money, your jobs, your family's relationships. So give us a call, alright, up first this hour we have George in Los Angeles. LA Hey George Welcome to The Show. Alright, Thank you for Taking my call? Absolutely. How can We help?


So I have $148,000 in debt right now. And also my wages are being garnished already. I've been sued from a loan I didn't pay taking 25% of my income every week, every two weeks. So I was just taking a lot of money. I make about 90,000 gross. I take home about 75,000 a year. My wife recently started working. I'm doing everything I possibly can to take, you know, more income, everything, but I'm, I'm already up to the point where I'm kind of thinking of filing bankruptcy or selling my house. So I'm thinking what, what's the better option either to sell the home or file for bankruptcy. Okay, so tell me what was what, what's the debt?


The one 40? Basically it's three loans, two personal loans. They're, one of 'em is 50,000, the other one's another 50 and another one is 40, one of 'em is 20,000. One of 'em was a car, but I'm thinking I'm still, I wanna pay the car off so I'm not gonna put that one. The 20,000 is the car, Like including them? Yeah, one of 'em was 20,000. That one's still good. I'm paying that one off. And the other is just all personal loans. What were the loans for? What'd you use 'em for? I got hurt a long time when I was working and I needed a couple, I needed some money just, just to stay afloat my mortgage.


Okay. So I just took out a lot of, took some loans and just kept paying it off. But then another one I took out to consolidate debt and ended up just splurging the money. Didn't really do what I had to do. So When does your wife, Yeah, that happened. And then When does your wife start adding to the income? 'cause you're making around 6,000 a month. She started working like four months ago. And what's she making About I would say 1600 a month. Okay. Okay. What is she doing job wise? She just work, she just works at, at a, a veterinary place. Okay. Do you guys have kids?


Yes, two. You have two. Okay. Okay. And which of the loans are the ones that are garnishing your wages? Just from a bank. It's the personal loan. Is It one of the, one of the personal, one of the 50,000? Yeah. Okay. And are both of those personal loans with the same bank? No. No. Okay. And have you been current on the other $50,000 loan? No, I'm, I haven't paid anything for to anybody for a while already. Okay. Okay. And so you've got the house, I mean everything's, everything's in collections basically except the car and the house. So they're, they're taking almost $2,000, a little under $2,000 a month.


Right. Garnishing from you. Yeah. And then Exactly. Yeah. What percentage of your mortgage is, what percentage of your take home pays your mortgage? I pay 1800 a month for my mortgage. Okay. Okay. Oh boy. Alright. Yeah, we need you, you're not able to do anything here. Okay. So the key here is we've gotta find a way to get more money coming in. And I'm wondering with the garnish if, is there any way that you can say, can we set up another payment program? Because this one is like burying me alive.


I've tried everything already spoke to lawyers. I, I've done everything in my part to make some adjustments. I've done pretty much all I can do. I even, even if I get another job, they're still gonna garnish. So at this point I'm, I'm already maxed out. It's just, I don't see like a, like another solution. They're, they're just not budgeting at all. How old are your kids? One of them's eight and another one is five. Okay. Is the five-year-old in kindergarten? Is anybody in daycare is what I'm getting at. They're both being homeschooled. Oh, that's right. Okay. It, okay.


There's part of this that, and you, you and your wife are gonna have to sit down. I mean, you're pretty much up against it and you could use all of the, the money that you can get. Right. Is there any way that, 'cause I, I don't know, I'm not gonna pretend to know a ton about homeschooling, but I know that there's some programs where even though they're not going into school, they're going into a program that's outside of your home, like A co-op Type, like a co-op type situation. Is there a way that you can still keep the value of homeschooling but it's not your wife that's actually doing it so that she can work Full-time? That, that's something I haven't, I haven't thought about. I, and I'm not saying forever, but I think that you're in a, you, your back is against the wall and unfortunately when that happens, something you have to let go of something.


Something has to change in order for you to change your situation. And usually that is a sacrifice of some nature and there's just no getting around it. Right. But I'd rather you keep control of this situation once you hand, and Rachel, you can speak more to this, but once you hand it over to bankruptcy, you lose control. and I don't want you to lose control of this situation. I want you to make every choice and feel like you have a say in everything that's going on. Okay. For the house, George, give me some of the numbers around that. What, how much, how much do you owe on it? How much is left on the mortgage? The house is, right now it's three 90 is what we owe.


And five, it's worth about five, almost 600,000. Almost 600. Okay. You know, the car, I would probably, I would sell the car, George, I know you're pay making payments on it, but that's something that can easily be swapped up to, to earn some money and margin back into the budget that you can go back and get later after all of this. But again, back to that sacrificial mindset, like what can you scorched earth do to have any means to be able to get ahead on some of this? 'cause some of it is in those in collections and keeping a car payment afloat is something that I, I would, because I mean everything else is, is in collections and if you get on that, I don't want even re you know, being repoed on like, I don't want anything like that.


Like you're in a little bit of that situation that, again, back to that control that Jade's talking about. How much could you sell the car for? Have you Kelly Blue booked it? Yeah, I, I think I could sell it for like maybe 18, 18 grand around there. Okay. 18,000. It's, I and I owe like about 18,000. So I mean I could break even on that one. It's, it's, it's just you know, I mean, that's not, I mean, I, I guess I could do something like that. I Mean, what's the payment on it? Just 500 a month. That's A lot. Okay. I mean, $500. Yeah. To have that freed up is a big deal. And if you are upside down, like this is one of those cases, if you're upside down, you go down to the credit union, get a loan for the difference and a little bit more in order to get yourself a beater if you need it.


And I'd rather have a $5,000 loan than a $20,000 loan. Agree. Correct? Yeah. Plus you freed up $500, you know, a little bit less than that a month when you take in consideration the new payment. Yeah. You're gonna have to make some tough choices. Mama's probably going back to work. You're probably getting rid of this car. And you might have to consider what's in A part-time job and then, and then the house. Yeah. Could be, could be in the in play. But I just want your habits to change as well, George. But you guys got this. This is The. Ramsey Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hope positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy Plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com. Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresi Fund Services LLC.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Ster program. A smart investor pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor Ramsey. Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart Investor. Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi.


Private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae, but they can hurt just the same Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So stop feeling the pain of defaulted private student loan debt and go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. Why Refi. REF y.com/ Ramsey may not be available in all states. All right. Today's question comes from Justin in California. He says, I've been working hard to save money for a house. My wife and I have no debt and have a six month emergency fund. So far I've saved 175,000 for our down payment.


We have a combined income of 140,000. We live in California and are looking at houses in the $650,000 range. I wanna save more so that we can put more down on the house. My wife has been asking me to buy her a diamond ring that cost about $3,500. I'm holding off on buying the ring because we can use that money to pay for closing costs. Should I buy a diamond ring for her? Or wait until we buy the house? This is wild. I'm assuming that the diamond ring is not like an like a wedding ring or like I'm, I'm assuming it's just a gift that she wants. Right, right.


Yeah. I think based on what you've laid out here, I would've loved to hear her side of it. But based off of what you've laid out here, it sounds like you have decided that the priority is the house. And at the end of the day, you both need to sit down and re-talk and say, okay, what's more important us trying to get into this house? Because if I buy this ring, this is how much it sets us back. So, Yeah. and I would wanna know the timeframe on how much, like how, how many months or how, you know what I mean? Like, just to know like how, how, what is this setting you back and is that, are you, are you okay with that? Both of you? Yeah. And I do think it's okay. And Rachel, you can drop in here. I think it's okay, like as a couple, when you set a focus and you're going towards that thing and as the time passes, other things crop up and you're like, oh, that could be cool or that could be fun.


Yes. and I do think it's important to have those conversations and decide are we realigning back on what the goal was or are we gonna divert here for a moment? Because at the end of the day, it is your life and you get to decide, you know, how how urgently are we moving? That's right. and I don't know if this diamond ring was something you've been promising her. Maybe you guys got engaged and you never got her a ring. I don't know any of that, but have the conversation. but it sounds like the house is, Yeah. What's most important And I would say, you know, the down payment, you guys are, you know, above that 25%. Yeah. So I'm like, you're in a good, a good spot for the down payments. You know, like it's a, I don't know. You, you have a lot there percentage wise for what the house is worth.


So how much would 3000 really set you back? But also I'd wanna know from her, like, you know, there, what's this about? and I do you know, don't get me wrong, I love jewelry, I love shopping all of it. But also you're like, okay, what, what is that gonna get me in the, in the near term, right. Maybe. Yeah, maybe he, maybe he got her just like a band when they got married and always promised her like an actual like diamond ring. I don't know. The story is that's valid. That's valid if there's something there. But I would wanna see timeframe how long this would set you back to the goal that you wanna have for your down payment on the house. Yeah. That's what I'd be curious about. Hope that helps Justin. All right. Up next we have Hailey in Omaha.


Hey Hailey. Welcome to The show. Hi Thank you for having me today. It's such an honor to be on the show. Absolutely. Thanks for calling How. can We help? So my parents took out a universal life policy on me when I was born. Me and my sister both. And now that I've turned 21, I have the option to continue paying those payments for the universal life policy or cashing it out at the cash value and gifting that back to my parents and, and just moving on for the future. Oh, you have to give it back to them when you cash it out? Yes. Is that what they said? Yeah.


Okay. Okay. How much will it be? It's just $750 for the cash value. Okay. I'm just curious 'cause you said you have the option to keep paying on it or cash it out. Yes. So that's interesting to me that you would keep paying on it and then, but if you were to cash it out, you have to give the money back to them. This is very odd. Either way I would cash it out and get out of that. Yeah. How old are you Hailey? Did you say? I'm, I'm 21. 21. Okay. So the difference between what they have a universal life policy is similar to like, it's like basically a whole life policy policy and you're paying probably four times the amount than what you would pay for just a standard term policy.


'cause what you have this universal life, what they basically pair is this like investment savings account with life insurance. And what ends up happening when you pair and marry those two products, you kind of get crappy on both. And especially the savings side. So the rate of return usually within these policies is like, it's terrible. You could do better in a high yield savings account, much less like actually investing your money with the 10, 12% return. You know, that the market brings. So the, the savings investment portion sucks on these. And that's the selling point. So always remember this Haley, going forward into adulthood that you wanna keep your insurance and you're investing completely separate.


Never combine them. Okay. Because when you combine them, you're not getting the best of both worlds. You're paying more for a policy and you're getting a crappy investment with it. So like it's a horrible product and a lot of parents, yeah, you took it out when you were born. I mean 20. That's the Gerber life insurance. I mean like all these companies go and they do this, you know, these policies for babies and, and why you need life insurance too, Haley is if someone is dependent upon your income. So if I were you Hailey, I would cancel it, say goodbye to the $700, give it back to your parents, okay? And live your life. Don't, don't be paying monthly on this. And then when you need life insurance, AKA, when you, usually, when you become a parent or even a, if you get married, you know, and someone is dependent upon your income to live the lifestyle that you guys are living, then I want you to go, you Did mention that I could have this policy if I were to like pass away and then someone were to have to pay for my funeral cost.


So that's why this policy is around like $25,000. Sure. Okay. Well I, is that Something you would recommend having no savings for or a policy for? The purpose of insurance is for people who are dependent on your income. Typically, when you have life insurances in place, it's because like for instance, I have life insurance in place because my family depends on my income. My husband has life insurance in place because we depend on his income, we have children. And so if one of us, God forbid, if something were to happen, the family will feel that. And so we say, let's have this policy in place so that if the worst happens, everybody who depends on this income will be set. Not just enough to pay for funeral and burial costs, but they won't have to worry about money.


That's the blessing that can come out of a really tough situation. So in this case, your parents having a policy on you was completely, truly unnecessary. Yeah. And the funeral cost, you know, idea funerals, they are getting more expensive, but at 21 years old, I would not have the burden of feeling like I need to have savings for, for my funeral. Right. So like that I I would not add that into the conversation. Some people may be like, that's irresponsible, but as a 21-year-old, your parents will take care of it. Yeah. If something were to happen to you, Hailey. So yeah, I would not be paying monthly into something just for that. And that is a selling point they say too, right? Yeah. Like that's right to cover the funeral and all of that. So, so again, Hailey, when you get in a position in life though, that you need life insurance, remember term life is gonna be your best friend.


And the earlier you get it, the younger you are, the healthier you are. It is like it, it is so inexpensive. Even for me, I'm in my late thirties and yeah. And it's still inexpensive at this point. I mean, like it is, it is a fraction of what you pay with whole life. So, and the Coverage you get for that is, yeah, AMA is so much better. Yes. And for term life, it is for a term of your life, right? Whole life is for your entire life term is for, you know, a 20 year 30 or whatever policy you buy. But as you're doing the Ramsey baby steps and you're walking through getting outta debt, you have an emergency fund in place, you're funding retirements, eventually your house is paid off. You know, baby steps.


Millionaires are doing all of this on average in about nine to 12 years doing everything. And at that point you're self-insured. When you, when you, if something were to happen to you and there's no house payment, there's no debt and you have, I don't know, 300 grand and a 401k or whatever it is, like, you know, everyone's fine. So you won't need life insurance for your entire life if you're doing the Ramsey way when it comes to your money, which is what we recommend. I feel like it's a great call. Hailey, great question. Whole Life, universal life. It's like the spork, it's a s sport. It is, it is. It's not really a fork, it's not really a spoon. Yeah. And if you go to


Xandr, it sucks. Xandr Insurance dot com, you guys check out Xandr because you're able to get a quote so quickly with them just to even see and compare maybe the insurance that you all have that are listening or watching. And maybe you can get a better deal because they go and shop many companies and it's a great, great company. So check out Xandr.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get outta debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle. They created just four Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Listen up. Trying to reach your money goals without a rock solid budget is like trying to climb Mount Everest and ice skates. It isn't gonna work. That's why we built the EveryDollar app to help you win with money. It's the simplest, most straightforward way to track your spending and give EveryDollar a job. That way you can stop letting your money push you around and start reaching those money goals. Download EveryDollar for free on the App Store or Google Play


When it comes to looking at your insurance. Ramsey trusted Pros at Shop the Market and they compare insurance quotes so you don't have to. And your pro will compare quotes, discounts, and bundle deals for you at no extra cost. So make sure to check out our Ramsey Trusted Pros because they will have everything you need when it comes to the coverage of the insurances that you need to have. And they are interviewed, they are vetted, they are coached to make sure that they have the heart of a teacher if they're gonna be Ramsey trusted. Yep. So shop all the right coverages that you need based on your individual needs. You can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage. Again, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcasts. And check out that that coverage checkup, because again, as you kind of fill it out, you're able to see, okay, maybe I'm paying for insurances I don't need, maybe I have some and I haven't checked on them and I can run some num new numbers. Yeah. And maybe get a better deal. So make sure to check that out. Again, you guys. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash coverage.


Up next we have Keon in Houston, Texas. Hey Welcome to The Show. Hey, how are you doing? Doing great. How. can We help? Yes. So like almost about a year and a half ago, my parents have separated and now my mother's currently raising my little brother who's autistic on her own. She's on government assistance, like social security. And I'm just trying to figure out like, you know, how to go about like helping her because I try to like give her like advices, like going back to work and stuff like that because you know, she only making like a thousand dollars or something like that a month. So I'm just trying to see like, like how do I help her because I'm currently in debt as well and you know, it just hurts me to see my mother and my little brother in that situation 'cause they have an apartment and everything, but she's constantly though, you know, like asking me for money and stuff like that.


So it's kind of hard to give it to her when I'm currently in like the same situation getting out of debt. So. That's right. Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out what kind of advice could I get. Well Keon, you're, you're an amazing human being. You're an amazing guy. You are your heart and the fact that this is even on you is, is incredible. So how old, how old are you? I just turned 25. 25, okay. How old's your brother? He's nine. Well he'll be nine next Month. Okay. Okay. Is he, does he go to school full time? Yes, he goes to school full time. Okay. And your mom, have you, what, what's the situation with your dad?


They just separated. I know you said, but is, is he in the picture at all or child support or anything? Right. Like that's the thing. Like there's no child support in place. It's almost like she'll tell him what he needs to pay and he'll pay it. So they've created a plan, but sometimes he doesn't always follow through with that plan. Sure. Like they'll get into an argument and then the next following week there's no payment or you know, the other week it'll be a payment. It just depends on his attitude or Okay. The relationship at that moment. Yeah. Yeah. You said she's getting government assistance and then you said that she's making a thousand dollars. Do you get the sense that she's kind of limiting her income so that she can keep getting this government assistance?


Or do you feel like she's just not sure what she can do to make money? She's sure I'm, I'm, I'm positive she's sure. I think she's more limiting her income just to maintain that because she doesn't want to go back to work because she had left work I think like two and a half years ago. 'cause she had vertigo. Okay. But you know, I always tell her like, go back to work because she seems fine. You know, like there's no issue with her mental or anything like that. It is just, It wasn't something that caused her to be like on disability. Right. This was, I mean, at the time it was, you know, due to the, the headaches and stuff like that.


So she just went ahead and took that disability leave. But now she's, she's doing fine from, from what I see, but she says, you know, she still has those moments. Is there something, so maybe you can help her brainstorm a job that she can do full-time. Maybe it's a work from home position. Maybe it's, 'cause here's the thing, here's where I'm at. I ordered a chair from Wayfair. It didn't work out. I sent it back and I called customer service and every bit of the customer service was via text. So my point is, there's jobs out there for people who might not be able to exist in a typical work environment, is what I'm saying. So I think, right. I mean, I, I I, yes, yes, go Ahead.


There's, there's two parts of this. The first part is your mom is grown and you can't necessarily change her. And it sounds like you've been attempting to say, mom, what about this mom? What about that? And that's probably one of the hardest things to accept as a child and especially as a grown child. The next part of it is, I would choose, if I were in your shoes, Kian, I would choose to focus on my financial situation. Because what we teach here, the seven baby steps, the budgeting, all of it is, there's a so that at the end and you get to choose what the, so that is, some of it is so that I can retire with dignity. Dignity. Some of it is so that I can find fund missions, you know, in, in Africa.


So what if that's so that for you is, man, I just wanna be able to help my mom out with my brother and I want to know that I have the cushion to be able to do that. And it's all a gift. I don't need anything in return. Let that be your why and let that be your motivator. And that way you can happen to this situation instead of waiting for somebody else to change. Exactly. You know, 'cause currently, like my dad, my, my sister and my, my mom, my little brother and even my other distant brothers, none of them have money or anything like that. So I just feel like I'm the only one that's seeing this, this opportunity to change. 'cause everyone kind of thinks the same as far as like Yeah. And if you change that, if you change that, they're all gonna look at you and be like, what did he do?


What's he doing? But right now, since you're all since at eye level, it looks like you're all kind of doing the same thing. You've got, you've got the information you're still putting into practice, but once that actually starts to develop fruit and people can see, oh wow. They're gonna start asking you how did you do it? Yeah. And you're gonna have the opportunity to teach, but mostly they're gonna learn just by watching you. Yeah. So ke I i, True. I mean, I, I just started, I just started the whole process of getting out of debt, the baby steps and everything. Like I'm on baby step one. I, I have $500 so far so good. Are You? That's great. I'm still, Yeah. Well I would echo what Jade would, what Jade just said though, Keon, that putting your energy in trying to get your mom to see a certain way ends up being wasted energy.


Even though it feels like love, it feels like, oh, I can help her and I think we all have this feeling of like, if we could just have that one conversation and like say that right sentence, it's the light's gonna go on will change, the light's gonna go on and I'm gonna be able to help them. You know, and I'm not saying abandoned your mom and relationship by any means, but the energy that you would put, and maybe you have one big conversation just to check it off your list from a soul level, just to say, I tried one last time, but I would, I would take all that energy Keon and do exactly what Jade said, control what you can control and what you can control is you and what you do with your money. Right. and I'm telling you, at 25 years old, Keon, if you get this and you say, I'm gonna walk this path out, you're gonna retire a millionaire.


You're going to, I believe change people's influence. And exactly what Jade said, not even by saying anything, but the people that want change around you are going to see you actually have hope in an area that's been so hopeless for them. And see something different and probably start asking, okay, what is going on? You know, we say that part of this whole process is changing your family tree, you know, winning with money. It's not just for you. It is really to impact and to be generous to other people. And part of that generosity is, is the beauty of your influence of, of people around you in your family seeing something different. And not, not all of them will choose that path, right? That's right.


Like all of us sitting up here, like not everyone chooses that path, but you have, you have the ability to do that. and I do think, you know, having some goals ahead and kind of painting out a timeline to say, okay, by the time my brother is, you know, 12 years old, I wanna be able to help Yeah. In this way and that way. and I wanna help my mom not enable. And making sure that the, that the, you know, whatever you choose to go forward of helping them, that that, that there's some boundaries. It's a very mature adult-like, you know, system that you may get plugged into in a really beautiful way. But to really let that help them and help your brother, I mean, this, this could change the course of not just your life Gian, but but your family's.


It's, it's amazing. Yeah. Well I'm excited for you. I Mean, because I currently like, because I currently have a daughter now too, so it's, that's even a more reason to, you know. Yes, yes. Start this whole plan to be successful. That's right. Yeah. When you're in these situations where everybody's kind of had the same mindset and it hasn't gotten you very far and you finally pop your head up and go, it's time for me to do something different. It literally is that quote where you have to be the change that you wanna see in the moment that you become that change. It gives everybody around you hope that they can be that change. Yeah. And Keon, hold on the line. Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna give you financial peace University and EveryDollar premium just to help you get kick started on this journey. 'cause we're, we're cheering you on. Call us back if you need us. Thanks for the call.


Hey guys. Dave Ramsey here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not want to miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting today with Jade Warshaw and we are answering your questions up next we have Kayla from Medford, Oregon.


Hey Kayla Welcome to The Show. Hi Thank you for taking my call and also thank you for everything that you do. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. Well, we're glad you called in today. How can We help. So my end goal is to sell my health so that I can move to another state, but I told myself I couldn't do that until I was debt free and then I had a fully funded emergency fund, so I was wondering if I could get some help brainstorming ideas on how to get outta my house for the most amount of money. That way I can pay off as much debt as possible. Oh, I like this. This is giving like, I don't know, an HGTV vibe.


Totally, Totally. Okay. So how much debt do you have, Kayla? So I have 144,000 and that's not an including my mortgage. Okay. What's the debt in? The debt is in 19,600 is a credit card. Okay. 96,400 are personal loans that were for the remodel. Oh. And then 20. Yeah. So you already started a remodel? I did, correct. Okay. Okay. And then what else? And Then my car is 28,000. My car is currently for sale online. Okay. So hopefully I can get rid of that pretty soon. Oh great. How much do you make a year?


I make 102,000 a year. Okay. Is the 19,000 on credit cards, did that go towards the remodel as well? Yes, about three quarters of that is for the remodel. Okay. So the house itself, what do you think after the remodel and everything's done? Yeah. What, what will you sell it for? Do you know? I don't know. and I think that's part of the problem. Another, right now it's currently a two bed, one bath. My idea was to turn it into a three bed, two bath because that'll let me sell it for at least a hundred thousand more than what I can now. But I am done taking out money to fix the house and so I feel like I'm kind of stuck where I'm at.


Well, let's work it back. So what'd you buy the house for? I bought it for 325. Okay. And then you've put about 120 into it? Yes. Okay. And then what did you, when it's all said and done, just based off of basic research you've done, what do you think it should sell for? So another two bed, one bath, same condition, closed in the same area, closed about a month ago for 325. That one also did not have a garage and I have a two car garage and then it looks like another one sold for 315. The house right next to me, my neighbors, they sold last year for 500, but it's also a three bed, two bath and over a thousand square foot bigger.


So I wouldn't come close to that. The hard part for me is I, I'm, I'm struggling with the numbers because unless you've paid off a bunch of this that I don't know about, what do you owe on it currently? 315. Okay. I'm not seeing how this is gonna, unless it brings 500 like you, like you think it could, yeah. But you said that that's not an equal Comp. How much will you need more in the remodel to make it the three bed, two bath that, that you started, right? I mean this is what the, the almost a hundred thousand dollars personal loan was the construction to do that. Is that right?


Yes. Correct. Okay. So how far, how far are you with that? I barely, I barely even started. So it doesn't even have the extra bedroom and bathroom yet. That was just doing the garage, doing a bunch of outside stuff, adding a porch concrete. So I would probably need another 20,000 maybe to add in a really basic extra bedroom and bathroom. Okay. Have you already done like demo work inside already because that was your plan or that hasn't been touched? It's just two bed, one bath right now with really nice concrete. Yeah. So I haven't done anything, anything extra.


Okay, that's good. That's good. 'cause if you were in the middle of something and it's like, oh my gosh, we have to put drywall up. Like we have to do this as cheap as possible, but nothing interior has happened, which is good because I You're right. I don't want you going more and more into debt hoping that you're gonna be able to see the resale value because I think you're getting yourself underwater kind of, kind of quickly. Yes. Okay, so Go ahead. Yeah, I think you have to proceed very carefully because you're right against it right now. Like let's say you did those changes, you sold, you're three 15 now is what you owe. Let's say you did sell it for 500 after closing costs, after everything like that.


And we're not even including like moving fees or like getting into another house and you wanted to pay off all of your debt, which is 144,000. You, I mean, you're right at it. Well, and 500 isn't gonna be, I mean that's a thousand square foot bigger. That's What I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you're not gonna get that. So you're probably gonna get closer to 3 50, 3 75 with some of the upgrades that you've done. So if that's the case, yeah, I mean you're, you're, you may break even Kayla, I hate to say it, I don't know if this, if there's an equity in this to be the thing to help get you, because You were hoping to get a hundred thousand more, but you've already put in more than a hundred thousand extra. Yes. Which is definitely unplanned.


Once you start doing something, things just start adding up. Yeah. I've had to place replace water lines and so many unforeseen things and so it kind of got out of control. Yes. Yeah. Rachel is more of the flipping Oh, queen than I, I've never flipped a a house, so I'm not gonna act like I have, I just watched the shows and I know how to do math, so that's where I stop at. I'm not, Rachel could tell you if, if you need to keep going to like make this right or not. I can't, I I, I can't in good conscious tell you to keep borrowing money on something like this, Kayla. I mean, if I were you, I yeah, I I would, I would lose it. Because you're wanting to move states, right?


Like you're wanting to get out. Yes. Right. I don't have a, I don't have a timeline though, so the good thing is I can wait one or two years. Oh. So yes. Okay. So I don't have a timeline, so I thought maybe do I just stay put and just work on paying down the debt? Yes. For Yeah, that's what I would do. Yeah. Okay. Instead of the, instead of the re the remodel being the thing that like breaks you free, I think at this point you cut your whatever losses or if you're breaking even, whatever that is, you just stop and go, okay, this is the house. Yep. Finish whatever project you are right in the middle of, you know, to the best of your ability. And then yeah. Pay off your car, you know, get it to the point that you're able to, to get out of this house.


You're not losing money and you can start your new life somewhere else. Yeah. I would start working my way outta debts just from work. I wouldn't look at the house as being the thing that's gonna help you do that. And what's, what's wild is, you know, the, I mean, who knows what's gonna happen. I mean, the market could go up and you could actually, you know, be better off in a year because, you know, your, the, your house overall will continue to go up in equity, which is great. And maybe at the end of the day, you know, you sell everything, you're debt free, you sell the house, maybe, you know, you cash in, I don't know, 50, a hundred grand can help with the next move and, and you kind of cut your losses that way. But I think looking, I understand what, how you got there thinking, okay, if I put some money into this, I'm gonna be able to, my, the value of the home increase so much that the difference is that's gonna help me pay off all this consumer debt.


So like I understand how you got there, it's just that the math now isn't math thing because it, it goes fast and that's the hard thing about remodels and, and flips or you know, that whole world and people make it seem so easy on Instagram and on social media, but it co it, it costs a lot if you're not careful and if you don't know what you're doing and especially if you're handing the keys over to other people saying, okay, you do this, you do that, you know, the concrete guy comes in at one bed, the roof for another. Wow. I mean like, it just, it can build on each other if you're not really careful. That's why I don't think it's a great business for people to be in unless you really know what you're doing. So I totally get how you got there, Kayla, but if I were you I would press pause. I would not put anything else into this house unless you had the cash to do it.


Yeah. How much more painful when you go into debt and it doesn't. That's Right. Yes, totally. Yeah. Come through. That's right. That's right. So I would, I think, you know, selling your car is gonna feel great and I think you're making a, you know, you make a great income and maybe Kayla, I would even say this, that, you know, if it gets to be a place in your life that you're like, man, I kind of went out, you know, you know, if we talk to you October of 2025 and you're like, man, I still have, you know, 30 grand of left of debt left, but I kind of, I kinda wanna get out, then you can move still. You know what I mean? You Don't have to Yeah. This, the being debt free is not a prerequisite to moving if you need to. Right. That's I Would just rent at the next place. That's exactly right. For sure. Yeah.


Well, Kayla, I hope that helps. Sorry, I wish we had better, better news for you, but thanks for the call now. If you guys are listening on YouTube or podcast, make sure to head over to The Ramsey Network app. If you're listening on traditional radio, we are still here for another hour. But again, The Ramsey Network app is free. Thanks Jade for being a great co-host. Thanks to all the guys in the booth and thank you America. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bada bing bada boom. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.