
Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality number one, bestselling author, host of The Dr John Delony Show, PhD in counseling. He's my cohost today. Open phones at Triple Eight. Eight two five five two two five. The call is free, and some say the advice is worth exactly what you pay for it. Joe is in Dayton, Ohio. Hi, Joe Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hi. thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up?


So I'm calling because we had filed bankruptcy back in 2019. Things happened. We thought we were ready to buy a house and now we are back in debt again for a sum of about $118,000, not including my mortgage. so I know that there's an issue. I admit that I don't know where to go from here because there's a lot of things that I've done that my husband's not aware of, and I just wanna get out of this cycle because I'm done. Wow. That's gotta be kind of scary. It's very scary. Yeah. So what is it you've done your husband doesn't know about?


I've opened my credit cards. I have a total of like 18 credit cards. I have a total Of why, what what are you doing with them? If I can be completely honest and vulnerable. When we bought this house, I thought that I needed new things. I, we are the poster child of trying to impress people and wanting to have nice things and do nice things. And, we put on this front, like we have all of this money And, we, would It be okay to say that? That's you, not we. Yeah, that's a you It's, I will say it's both of us. He just doesn't know. He thinks, because I make a lot of money that we just have.


So he's not involved in the finances At all? Not, he doesn't even have access account. So the reason he doesn't know about it is just 'cause of his lack of involvement, not because you've actively deceived him. Fair? Yes. Okay. That's exactly it. Okay. What do you make? I make $125,000 a year by myself. What does he make? My, he makes $35,000 a year and I make an additional 15,000 with my side hustle. Okay. And what's your home worth? My home is worth about $225,000. And what's all this debt on credit cards I have, so I have on the, I owe $1,300 to the IRS, I have $9,500 of pay over times like paying fors like PayPal and Corona.


I have $16,000 in like online loans, like Prosper. We have a $40,000 car loan and then 45,500 is credit cards. Okay. All right. And and you guys are 55? I'm 42. I'll be, actually my birthday's in a couple weeks. I'll be 43 and he'll be 45. Okay. Alright, cool. Alright. Well the, the first thing I, I would tell you and, and John can elaborate is that you're not going to be free or heal by yourself.


This idea that you're going to carry all the weight of this financial family and make all the decisions is unwise and it's not working. Agreed? That's Correct. Absolutely. And so I, we need two things relationally. One is you go to him and say, honey, we're in a mess again, because I didn't say no and you weren't involved. So I've got to have you and me working together from this point forward for the rest of our lives where both of us know every single thing every single month period. Okay? We're gonna do a budget together and we're gonna take this $175,000 income and we're gonna clean up this new mess that we've made since bankruptcy.


Okay. Because basically you filed bankruptcy and didn't change a single habit. No, not at all. And then, and You need, you need to impress other people with money You don't have that. You don't even really like continued. That is correct. And so we relapse is what amounts to, so that's gotta stop this need for affirmation from others. One of the things we find with wealthy people is that one of the keys to them becoming wealthy is they reach a point. They don't give a crap what anybody thinks. And you give way too many craps what people think I do. You said that, you said that It comes from my childhood. Like I feel, Feel like it comes from all of our childhood. We all need affirmation.


Anything. We all need a pat on the head, Right? Yeah. But you, you're too dead gum old and rich income wise to act like the a 14-year-old girl that needs affirmation. Right. Agree. Time to be a grown woman and stuff. And can I ask one more question with that? Sure. I know that this is wrong. My husband has worked at the same job for like 22 years. He's not leaving. He's made it very clear. But he only makes 1675 an hour. And so part of me, again, I know this is wrong, I get angry with him and sometimes tend to blame things on him like, it's your fault. You're not doing your part.


so I feel like I do this because I do what I have to do. How can I get over that? I know that that is not right. and I That's a separate issue, isn't just Yeah. You, you're, you're looking to, you're looking to blame. Don't do that. Yeah. You, you, you've lost respect for him a long time ago. And if you lost respect over him over a dollar amount, that's something you gotta mine your soul over. And y'all need to get into, y'all need to go get into a marriage counselor 'cause that's a mess. Okay. The okay, the, I want to, I wanna double click on what Dave said. Anytime you have a behavior that you need to change that's resulting from something out there that you're afraid of, you're afraid of what people are gonna think.


The only way to heal is straight through it. I had a season when I drove a used Corolla. Dave has a great story about the is a used car after bankruptcy. I want you to start selling stuff. Yeah. This car's gotta go. The car's gotta go. Yeah. Everything's gotta go. and I want you to practice not having nice stuff and have people see you and you're gonna find out you're not, you're not gonna die. And this is the path towards not giving a crap. This is the path to freedom. Yeah. But you gotta, you gotta practice it and go right through it. Okay? Sell everything. Everything not tied down. Okay. So the two of you are going to do a budget every month with EveryDollar on paper.


We both look at it, we both understand it. We both agree what the money's gonna go before it goes for the rest of your life. That's your antidote. And what comes with that is cleanliness. Meaning you have to sit down and start with, oh crap, here we are. So you, you're gonna have to say him. Hey, here's what's going on. And you cannot bring up his income as part of this conversation. Okay. His income is not the reason you bought crap for the spare bedroom. Right? Okay. On for Klarna, for god's sakes. Yeah. Yeah. I'm here to tell anybody who does that. That is the worst thing to do. I'm the poster child of you think that you have enough money and you make it and you can make the payments until You, so you live on beans and rice, you don't go out to eat.


Okay. You cancel any vacations and the two of you roll up your sleeves and sell everything in sight and you have $175,000 a year income to clean up a hundred thousand dollars in debt. It's gonna take you 18 months of scorched earth living where your broke friends are gonna think you joined a cult. And that's just fine. You need some radical, dramatic traumatic changes to swing the pendulum all the way to the other side for a while. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know my philosophy on planning and preparing, being proactive is always better than being reactive. We have a provider we recommend that can help you stay prepared for unexpected medical situations. I have a medical emergency kit from the doctors at The Wellness Company. And guys, lemme tell you, you really should check this out. This is not a simple first aid kit. The medical emergency kit contains doctor prescribed medicines to treat over 30 common and serious medical conditions. Ivermectin the life-saving medicine generic Z-Pak to shorten the duration of colds and flu you feel coming on Amoxicillin for infections, ear aches, strep throat and pneumonia. A medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. It's like having an urgent care in your home. Order 100% online in minutes, then fill out the brief questionnaire in your email and your kit ships to your door. Visit urgent care kit.com/ RAMSEY and use the promo code RAMSEY for 15% off. That's promo code Ramsey at urgent care kit.com/ Ramsey.


Dr. John Delony RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Rachel is in Eugene, Oregon. Hi Rachel, how are you? Hey, good. thank you for taking my call. how are you Better than I deserve? How can I help? So my husband, he's a business owner and frankly the business is tanking and he's racked up a lot of debt on both personal cards and business cards. And between that and his truck and trailer, we got a little over 90 K in debt that we're looking at. We have a home that we own. We owe about 1 75 still on it.


And it's And. we have about a 4% interest rate or estimates are saying that our home is worth about two five if we tried to sell it. so I was just gonna see if you would advise us selling a home and going into a smaller place or hanging onto it. What do you make? Nothing. I'm a stay at home mom. What's he gonna do? He's looking at just getting a, a local job here, possibly electrician apprenticeship. But I mean we'd be making hardly anything and he's not gotten a paycheck from working probably three months. How are you eating That? We've gone through, we have, we had a stocked pantry that we've been working our way through and there's a food pantry locally that we've been, you know, going through and wic Are you paying the light bill?


We had a last month but I don't know if we're going to this month. Okay. Yeah, I got about $25 to check an account. Yeah. So why would he take a half job making nothing? Our area is just, there's not a lot. We've looked, he's very skilled. He works in construction but even with that he'd be lucky to get a $30 an hour job. Why Eugene, Oregon is not like not doing construction. There's construction all over the place around you. There is, yes. And he can maybe try and get on two crews but just hours for that.


You know, most crews are on the same hour. You know they would both be day 10 type stuff. Yeah. But an apprentice electrician's not gonna make anything you said that. Right. So why would he even consider that? Go get on three different crews and work like a maniac. You have $25 and your wife's scared out of her mind. You're about to not have electricity. There's a Walmart in Eugene isn't there? Yes. Yeah. Can he go throw boxes on the night shift? Like you got two guys here who've got wives and kids and I can't fathom the situation you're in. Right? Not doing anything is not an option. Right. And I'm gonna invest in my future by becoming an apprentice and starve to death. No thank you. No. Okay. We need Monday. Yeah. You're just trying to think of a new career to start, but not now.


Y'all. I need money. Y'all are drowning. That's like, trying to think. Think of a new boat when yours is sinking. Like the, the first job is to get to shore. Sure. Okay, So I want him to go get three jobs in construction and Walmart box slinging. Okay. Today I want him starting right now. Okay. Yeah. The truck and the trailer bull crap construction stuff right there. What in the world? What is that stuff worth? The truck he owes about 14 still and I looked on Kelly Blue book and it's probably worth about six if we're lucky. He's kind of run it to the grounds with working it. Yeah. What's the trailer worth? I haven't looked at what it's worth.


We bought it for 17,000 and it's a 2024. So it was brand new but I don't know what it would go for now. Okay, Let's get rid of that and doesn't sound it. Sound like you're stuck in the truck for ride now and let's get six jobs. And here's what I, here's what I want you to do, okay? I'm gonna put you on hold, okay? Team is gonna pick up and we're gonna put you with one of our financial coaches and okay, now he has to go get three jobs this week. Okay? Now Can I ask you about that? Yeah. Something about that though. Yeah. With his business, he has a couple open jobs that he hasn't finished. We'll finish 'em on the weekend.


Okay. That's what he's talked about doing. Okay. Yeah, We got $25. Yeah. Rachel, how many kids do you have at home? Three with a fourth on the way. I thought so. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. so I, honestly, I, I don't want him to let those other customers down. Right. But I'm more concerned that he doesn't let his pregnant wife down. Yeah. Okay. Where you are is terrifying. Yeah. My wife Sharon will tell you that when she was in the exact same position, she felt like she was driving down the interstate and hit a patch of ice and the car was spinning and she was getting ready to hit the crud outta something. She just didn't know what it was. You know that kind of terror where you open your mouth to scream and nothing comes out?


Yep. That's where you're sitting kiddo. Yes. And so you guys ha and the only answer to it is extreme activity on his Okay. Part. so I'm only working three things and he can, he can put off working weekends until he at the new jobs until he gets these jobs wrapped up. But he needs to get 'em wrapped up and wrapped up now. Okay? and I want him to see how much money he can make. Well I don't wanna overwork, I might burn out. You're not gonna burn out right before you die. You will pass out out. He definitely gonna Do that. Yeah. He is been working 60 to 80 hour weeks the last three months. But making no money, Right? Yeah. Yeah. See that? That's the issue. So we need some money short term.


This is survival. Now once we got you with a coach and the counselor, here's what we're gonna do. The first money that comes in, lemme tell you what you buy with it. You ready? Yep. Food. Okay. Period. Not eating out food, grocery store food. You're at home with kids, you cook. Yep. Fresh vegetables, fresh meat. Yes. Homemade. Everything you cook? Yep. Okay. Okay. Food, lights and water. Second. Okay. Keep your utilities on or you rent, you own the house. Pay your mortgage third. Okay. Pay the truck payment fourth. Okay. And I don't care about anybody else until your family is warm and housed and fed.


Okay? He can make that much money by the end of next week. Okay? Yeah. You follow me? Yes. So we'll get the wolf away from the door and the terror and the panic and then we can start to think about long distant future. But right now we gotta take care of our own household first. Okay? That's biblical. Yes, for sure. Take care of your own household first. Yes. And the idea of possibly selling the home to gain the equity. You may have to do that later, but don don't think you do. don don't think you have a home problem or I even a trailer or a truck problem. I think you've had an income problem for some time and it's compounded and fell in on itself. If we reverse that trend and create a huge income with a ridiculous number of well-paid hours, then we can flip this thing on its head pretty quick.


I don't think you're gonna have to sell it, but it all depends on how much money he can go make. Okay? Is that okay? thank You. Yes. Thank You. And listen, we're not charging you for this coach. We're gonna pay for it. I've been right where you are. I remember what it feels like to be so scared you can't breathe. Yeah. Okay. And and kiddo, listen, last thing is this. Your husband is a good guy. Yes. He's He's a good dad and he's a hardworking dude. His business just failed. That doesn't mean he's a bad guy. And he doesn't feel real studly right now. No, he doesn't. When his business is failing, it takes away some of your manhood.


You follow me? Yeah. So you remind him you married him for him not for his truck and trailer. Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. And he married you. thank you. You married him 'cause he, he, you knew he was gonna take care of you. And he is. He'll go do it. Yeah. He'll go do exactly what I told him to do. This guy's not a bad dude. Yeah. How old is he? 26, 24? Yeah. Okay. Almost like I've done this before. Yeah. Honey, you, you're gonna be okay. We're gonna walk with you, okay? Okay. Alright. You hang on. They'll pick up and get you set up. Dave. What is the, what's, what is the, this is a world I don't know that you've lived in.


What's the moment when, and especially in this case, a man with a dream calls it because I can't imagine working 60, 80 hours a week and my wife's gonna a food kitchen. We always call it too late. Yeah. Because we always hang on that much longer. Yeah. And then, and sometimes it's too late to turn it or salvage anything. Yeah. So he should have been outta business six months ago, right? 'cause it wasn't working then. Yeah. And, we know that because of the debt, he's racked up not earning money. Right. So we, we know he is been supporting this habit called a small business. So this dream, but your dream becomes a nightmare. And those of us that are entrepreneurs, we hang on five months, four months, three months too long.


Almost always. And Then you get a scared wife saying about to cut the lights off. Yeah. Sharon would've left but she didn't have a car. That's Yeah, exactly. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan. If. you have one. And replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xander.com


Welcome back. This is The Ramsey Show. And on the debt free stage we have Tanya and Ariel. Where are you guys coming here from? We are coming from Chua, Florida. Outstanding. Is that outside of Tampa? Yeah, it's about hour and a half South Ish. Alright. Yes sir. And how much have you paid off? So we paid off our house $189,000. Whoa. Whoa. Weird people. Yes sir. Looking at weird people. No. Paid off your house. What's the house worth? I think last I checked was 2 87. What are Y'all, how old are you? Two? We are 34. 34 each? Yes sir. You pay four house? Yes. Yes sir. You know, that's weird. It is. Yes.


In such a good way. You're awesome. Very. And how much is in your 4 0 1 ks in your retirement? I think right now I, last I checked was around I think 70,000, something like that. Okay. So you're approaching a half million dollar net worth on your way to be a millionaires and you're only 34 years old. Yes. Look at you. Well done. That's a beautiful house. Oh, thank you. Thank you Thank you. That's stunning. Well done guys. A hundred It is nice. And 189. How long did it take? Took us 34 months. 34 Months. I 34. And your range of income during that time? So I started out at my local hospital around 120,000. And then we took a travel job and I think last year was around three 50.


You're a nurse? Yes, sir. Okay. Wow. Travel nursing. Here we go. So whole family go on the adventure or you just out of town? No, so we're fortunate enough, my wife stays home and she homeschools our boys. so I was basically gone at work all the time. Okay. And she was staying taking care of the kids? Yep. But we all, We all traveled with. Yeah. Together, we all traveled together. Okay. Okay. So you're, you're not gone from the family all the time? No. Okay. Alright. so I, are you gonna keep doing that or are you gonna go back and land at home? No, we plan to go home. Okay. Alright. Yes. Good for you. Well, I mean, you got that nice house. Yes, it's place living, living in AGU hotel. I mean now it's, wow. Okay. Good for you, man. You paid a price to win, is what you're saying? Yes Sir. We did. We Did.


Wow. Was it worth it? Oh Yeah. Did people think you're weird? Did anybody criticize you? You know, life's too short to work so long. You just work all the time. People say stuff like that. We heard it, but we're used to being different. So Yeah, we've been on the Dave Ramsey Financial Peace University since 2012. Oh Wow. And. we, we got married super young And, we needed a way to find how to manage our money. And your financial peace university came into our lives. So we've been weird since 2012. Okay. So it was at your church or what? Yes sir. Yes. On which church?


At that time it was a celebration church. Yes. Absolutely. Okay. Very cool guys. Congratulations. thank you. How fun. How does it feel to have no payments in the world? Like I just weight off my shoulders. Yeah. So what, you know, you guys, you go out of town, you're, you're really working a lot. Like you said, I work all the time and you knock your house out at 34 years old. What drives that? What was your motivation? What was your why, why, why push so hard? At that point, like we had said, we had been debt free up into our house, so we went from having no debt to the 189,000 and it was just a mortgage, but it still felt like a weight on my shoulders because it is.


Yeah. And so I was always thinking about paying, we were both thinking about paying it off early. and I always thought, I guess moving the, the morbid side of me from being a nurse. What could, what happens if I die or if I get sick and I can't work, then it's on my wife. so I wanted to pay it off and it'd just be something we don't have to worry about. When did you start traveling? During Covid? Yes sir. March of 22. 2022. Okay. Oh, after Covid. Okay. Alright. Right after. But still, but still there's a lot of travel nursing going on. Yeah. Oh, yes sir. Yeah. 'cause there's a shortage. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Alright Mom. So husband comes and says, I'm gonna hit the road. I'm gonna, I'm gonna double almost triple my salary. Yes. And you're going with me, but, But you're gonna be on your own.


Right? Well, the good thing about us is that we've always had a strong communication. So we were kind of thinking about it together. He didn't just come to me and was like, this is what I'm gonna do. He was coming to me and he was telling me like, this is something, you know, painting a picture of our future for us. So he wanted to make sure that I was on, on board with him first before he went and made that decision and took the steps for it. And of course I was, because I think for me the most important thing was to have him home with our children more than what he was because he was working just as much, just getting paid like regular nursing pay.


so I was like it, it'll be worth it in the end. So Just a few short years, we're gonna hammer this thing out and then you can be home forever The rest of your life and Correct. That was what I had in, in mind, in my mind the whole time. 'cause it did get hard sometimes. Yeah. Live like no one else. So later you can live and give like no one else. Right. so I have a, this is a personal, I have a bad habit of having this kind of conversation. Are you in, I'm in, we're gonna do this and then it's gonna be amazing. And my wife and I, we, we, we cross hands And, we cheer and it's like, ah. And then like 30 days later I'm like, this is the worst I'm out. Right. So how did y'all keep going? Because there, there's a point when this is, this leaves a cool idea and a neat moment to this is miserable.


Day after day after day after day. Oh yeah. Honestly, it was seeing the progress that we would make every paycheck that he would get. So about every two weeks I was done and ready to go home. And then the paycheck would hit And. we were like, okay, we can do this. This is Why we're doing it. I Can do it for two more weeks. Two more weeks. I'll just put 15,000 on the mortgage. I can do it for two more weeks. Yes sir. Yes. That, that really was something that kept me going for sure with the kids. And what do you tell people, the key to getting out of debt is Yep. It's been budgeting, being on the same page like Donya said, budgeting and, and sticking to that plan. and I think living below your means, not comparing yourself to what you do or don't have.


Yeah. Yeah. That's very nice. Good for you guys. Very, very, very proud of you. Excellent job Thank you. So talk to the person that's out there considering don. Don't know, I don't know about working all those hours for a couple years, but I'll be free don. Don't know. It sounds tough. It is hard, right? Oh yes. Is it worth it? Talk to 'em. I think it is. You just have to decide in your mind that the end goal is better than what's, what's going on. I I would rather take a couple years of of pain than a lifetime of misery. Yes. Yeah. The ability to delay pleasure is a sign of emotional and spiritual maturity. That's what it comes down to. How did you decide that this mortgage was painful? Because most people get a mortgage and they're so happy that they quote unquote qualified.


They feel like it's they, they feel like they won something by getting to get underneath a squat bar that is their mortgage. What in your life said, no, this is a burden. This isn't something I should be happy about? I think when we moved into the house after the butterflies left of owning our own home, looking around at how beautiful it is and then just thinking about the mortgage payments coming up this month, And, we weren't making much ground on it on the monthly payments and I was like, we gotta get rid of this. I didn't like the feeling. I Like it. Good for you guys. Alright. And you brought the kiddos in, what are their names into ages? And. we Have Noah who's nine and Jude, our baby's three. He was actually like one years old when he started the Journey.


You don't bring him up and have 'em in the debt-free scream or not. Yes. Yes sir. Definitely. Come on up guys. Come On guys, come on. There you go. Very fun. Good looking young men. Well done. Have they been practicing their debt-free scream? They Sure have. Yes sir. We have. Alright, Alright. Because mom and dad are heroes. They changed your whole family tree boys. It's pretty incredible. You guys are amazing. I'm so proud of you. thank you. Very, very, very well done. Alright. It is Noah or Tanya and Ariel, I'm sorry. Noah and Jude make paid off 189,000 house and everything in 34 months at 34 years old, making one 20 up to three 50.


Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 3, 2, 1 Way debt free. Wow. Wow. So one of our folks visiting the lobby just reminded me I had forgotten. I didn't think anything about it. 1988, September 23rd, which is today, for those of you listening live was the day I filed bankruptcy and started this whole thing so that those people could be standing there right now. thank you. God.


This is The. Ramsey. Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All right. We all know I'm a pretty big nerd. I love learning new things and it's one of the reasons why I spent most of my adult life in a classroom, either as a student, a graduate student, or a professor. So the flurry of activity this time of year around kids going back to school, it reminds me of my love for learning. And even if school wasn't your thing, I guarantee you there are things that you loved learning about over the years. Gardening, hunting, medicine, Shakespeare. And if we're honest, most of us love learning about new things. Anything except about ourselves This fall, I want to challenge you. Become curious about yourself. Why do you react the way you do? Why do you get so angry when this happens? Why do you feel the way you do? Therapy is an amazing place to learn more about you. It helps you regain your sense of curiosity, wonder and excitement about yourself and the world. And if you're considering therapy, I want you to call my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist anywhere. So it's convenient for just about any schedule. All you do is fill out a brief online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. And you can change your therapist at any time for no extra charge. Let's be curious about ourselves this year. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


All right, we're going on a cruise. At least some of us are. You may not be if you don't get your cabin reserved soon. We're gonna be there March 22nd through the 29th next spring. The live, like no one else cruise. The entire ship is Ramsey Holland America. Very highend. Very nice. It'll be all the Ramsey personalities, including me and Sharon the entire week. Manique Shohan from the food channel, Stephen Curtis Chapman. Man, the, the lineup is unbelievable. And of course it's all inclusive. The restaurants are top of the line. We've got all kinds of Ramsey experiences and talks we'll be doing on the cruise stage. Oh, oh by the way, yeah, it's PR per premium. Caribbean Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas, The Bahamas, it's all there. He got the spa. Ken. Coleman's gonna be conducting a pickleball clinic on how not to play pickleball, but I'm Kidding. George Campbell will be doing a cannonball contest in the pool that he'll lead. Yeah, that's it. Like per square inch of body mass. Exactly. Yeah. You have to measure it differently. Hey Dave, I've never been on a cruise. You haven't? No, I, this is my first one. Huh. But explain this to me. There's different levels of cruise ship. Oh yeah. I guess that makes sense. Yeah. But there's Definitely Okay. Way different levels. Yeah. This is the fancy one. This is the fancy one. Okay. It's not the fanciest but it's up in the top echelon. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. There are some that are pretty much Walmart on the seas. This is, yes. This is not that. This is not Walmart on the seas. This is Target. I'm just kidding. No, this is not even Target. This is Nordstrom. It's much better than that. Alright, excellent. But yeah, it's, it's not a private shopping experience, but it is Nordstrom. There you go. So good stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the other ones I'll pass on. I'm getting old but this is that, this is one of the ways they talked me into doing this is we're gonna do it right. So, alright. Hey Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. There are a handful of cabins left. You can reserve one for 600 bucks and that puts you in line by the way, to upgrade. If you wanted to upgrade to something even bigger or nicer on the ship, you pretty much need to already be on the ship to do that. So jump in there. There's just, I mean we're like 90 something percent sold out. So you just got a minute. Hot minute.


Tabitha is in Savannah, Georgia. Hi Tabitha. Welcome to The. Ramsey. Show. Hey Dave. Hey John. I am calling my husband and I are in baby step four. And he is having issues getting qualified for life insurance. Why? Due to some medical issues. Why he's PTSD sleep apnea. That is not treatable. He is a disabled veteran. Total and permanent. A hundred percent. So we're, we've been battling that for about five years. And, we just keep getting turned down because of his medical past with the PTSD. He is in therapy doing what he needs to do, taking his medication, doing all that.


But we still are coming up against being turned down. Is is he also overweight? I mean, slightly. I mean he could maybe lose 30 pounds. Okay. Alright. Alright. Does he smoke? He does not. Okay. All right. Well PTSD is enough to make you, depending on the, the intensity of the diagnosis or whatever, there is enough to make you uninsurable. So what you've got is an extra put. How old is he? 33. How old are your kiddos? None. Okay. All right.


so what we're trying to do with life insurance is make sure you're okay if something happens to him. Yes. Okay. Now, when you can't get traditional life insurance or uninsurable, there are things called guaranteed issue policies. They are more expensive, but they're guaranteed issue. There's no medical, they just write it. You write 'em a check, they do it. And the biggest one you can get is call your mortgage company and they will sell you a mortgage life insurance policy. They would love to sell you one. It's about five x of what you pay for the same amount of term if he didn't have these diagnosis. But you can still get it.


Okay. So at least the mortgage would be paid off if something happened. and I would do that. Okay. Okay. The other guaranteed issues are usually kind of gimmicky, small policies, like $10,000 with your checking account or two times his salary with his work. And they do it through a group policy and it's guaranteed issue. Or if he's in an association of something or a hobby in something, sometimes they'll let you buy a $10,000 or a $20,000 guaranteed issue. Again, per thousand, they're expensive. But if you bought four or five of those and you got Mortgage Life, then you know you gotta check for 50 grand and your house was paid off.


That's better than nothing. Nothing. And it's not so expensive that it just breaks the bank. Okay. It's not an efficient way for the rest of you out there to buy life insurance. But when it's your only option, it's your only option. And Dave, there's a, there's the other side of this teeter totter, which is Tabitha. You guys have to be hyper intentional about not having anything on the You owe something ledger. Yeah. You get out of debt, stay outta debt. So If something was to happen to him, the only bills you would need to pay If, you have mortgage insurance is you gotta come up with food and electricity and water, right?


Yes. And I work. so I am the biggest worry is the house. Like if something were to happen to him, a car accident or whatnot, I just wanna make sure I can pay off the house so I'm not having to figure out, like grieve him and then figure out where to go after that. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. Well, the mortgage life, again, it, they love selling it because it's, it's, it's five times what it ought to be and it's really profitable for them. So they'll sell you one. Believe me, I'm sure they have Wonderful. thank you. I'm sure they have one in their back pocket that they'll just whip that thing right out and hand it to you. So yeah. So that's your biggest one. Mortgage life insurance, for the rest of you do not buy mortgage life insurance. It's five times more expensive. Buy the same amount of term insurance.


Pay off your house with that for one time. The expense. I mean, it is, you know, it just, you know, don't, and don't get ripped off by your work life insurance if you're insurable. and I will tell you, I, I brought this up to her, but 'cause she said sleep apnea is what made me think about it. That there's a correlation between that and being overweight. Typically. Not completely, but, but typically, so the biggest things that keep people outta the life insurance market or smoking, when you smoke it, your life insurance doubles instantly and there's a reason you're gonna spend more time in the hospital and you're gonna die earlier.


It's a statistical fact. Okay. So there's a lot of reasons to talk about that's a habit I gotta kick. It's super expensive. And I'm not talking about the cost of the cigarettes, I'm talking about the cost of the medical care. 'cause you're two, three x on your medical care cost and your intent, your likelihood of dying and your two x on your life insurance cost. So we're talking, those cigarettes are costing you somewhere around 15, 20 bucks a piece, something like that. If you're out there in the market between all the things that add up that that's costing you and right behind that is being overweight. And so these are two things that people can adjust, right?


It's not easy to quit smoking. It's not easy to lose weight, but, but it's worth it. There's some serious financial benefits, not to mention everything else. Not To mention the health benefits. That's right. Yeah. And so, you know, these are things you need to address. I was playing coffee the day, this doctor who was slightly overweight and he said, he goes, you know, most of my patients are overweight. I go, yeah, well me too. You too. And he goes, yeah, me too. And he goes, it's ridiculous. He goes, it's crazy. It's America, right? We're all, we're all carrying a few extra. And, and he goes, this lady came in the day and she said, I think I have a glandular problem.


He said, no ma'am, you don't. There are no fat people in concentration camps. God Dave. What a brutal old doctor. I thought, well, there it is. It's caloric intake. Dave, stay away from the donuts. Dave, you brutal old doctor with your belly sticking out telling this story. It's great. I loved it. No, I, it it's hard nowadays. I, I think we're running out of, with, with all the new medications we're running out of, of excuses to not say, okay, I can have some sort of control over this thing. Well, You can't, I mean, there, there are obviously a few, few people who have medical situations that Yeah, but I mean, there's so many options down All guy, but the oh man.


But the, the, these are two things that most people have can, can, can gain control over and they will affect your finances. Will they deny your will they deny your life insurance over obesity? Oh, definitely Had no idea. Oh, Absolutely. Depending on the level of it, but yeah, definitely. And you can't get premium for sure. But BMII mean they're looking at that for premium pricing for sure. This is The Ramsey Show. Before we get to the next caller, I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free, right there on the home screen.


And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play, or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download. You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app network. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show, where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host, Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality number one bestselling author, host of The Dr John Delony Show, PhD in counseling. He's my co-host today, Open phones at Triple.


Eight eight two five five two two five. Anthony's in Springfield. Hi, Anthony Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey, Dave, I didn't realize how easy it was to, to get ahold of you. Just dial the old phone brother. Yeah, That's, that's awesome. What's Up? I, I, you know, I first heard about you when I was in high school. That was oof. Six years ago, seven years ago. So it's cool to be able to, to talk to you over the phone like this. Well, honored to, honored to have you, sir. How can we help you today? So I have had, for the past two and a half, three years, I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I was really sick.


I was misdiagnosed for a while. So my, my symptoms got really bad. I could hardly get out of bed. I had also just moved outta my parents' house and I was really, it, it was really hard for me to, to work, make any sort of income. And as time went on, it got worse and worse. Eventually I found some medicine that works for me and now I'm trying to, I just wanted to hear what you had to say about how I could maybe go about finding a job that is good for me, even though I have maybe a little bit more of a difficult time with my, with my condition.


How long have you been on these meds that are working Only about five months. Okay. so what I, my experience walking alongside folks with bipolar one or two over the years has been after several difficult episodes of either been really up or really down and then you find some meds that work. The hardest thing is to reestablish trust in you. Yeah. Because you're always waiting for, so I, you're always waiting for this other shoe to drop. Is does that ring a bell?


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The two things that I've seen folks over the years stumble with bipolar disorder is number one, never fully taking that next step after they have, and I hate to use this word, but I'm just gonna use it. You know what I'm talking about? Just between us, but stabilize once, once you're leveled out. Yeah. It's a fear of taking that next step. And the other thing that I've seen is this feeling after six months, eight months, I'm quote unquote. Okay. and I quit taking my meds. So Yeah, I've, I've been, my mom's a nurse and she's really, really kind of knocked that into me. Okay. So if you're there, the next thing I want you to do is trust yourself as much as Dave and I are gonna trust your next step.


Okay. Every single person you come into contact with in your whatever job you take is gonna be fighting their own battles. Their mom's gonna be sick, they're gonna be struggling with depression, they're gonna have credit card debt, they're gonna have a dad who's struggling. Everybody's fighting something. Yeah. so I want you to focus on taking the next right thing, which you gotta go get a job and you're gonna slowly establish trust again in you. Yeah. Right? And you'll have ups and downs and that's okay. But you're gonna keep going. You're gonna keep going, you're gonna keep going. I'm proud of you man. And by the way, it's logical to trust the current version of you.


It would be illogical to trust the 1-year-old version of you when it comes to work. Agreed. One year ago was not a good thing. Agreed. Yeah. But that's not the pattern we're dealing with today. Today. We've got some, we've stabilized, we've got some meds that cut this thing leveled off. And so there's reason logically to trust in your ability to hold the job. What do you wanna do? Man, I have no clue. And I've never known. Okay. Well I'm gonna hook you up. We're gonna hook you up with Ken Coleman's, get clear assessment and maybe give, give yourself a picture. But what brings you joy? What lights you up?


I am, I really like talking with people. Okay. I'm kind of a people person. I, I enjoy hearing people's stories and, you know, getting closer and, and stuff like that. don don't know. I love, I love going to church. Well, a 24-year-old that can play well with others has got a lot of possibilities. What's that? I said a 24-year-old that can play well with others has a lot of possibilities. Yeah. You might be an amazing salesman. You might be an amazing restaurant here. I mean there's, if you like talking with people and listening to their stories.


So much of our world is so obsessed with people talking about themselves. If you like hearing somebody else's story, you could, you could do Anything. Yeah. You're the opposite of selfie. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. That's, that's, I'm proud of you man. Way to go Anthony. Way to Go. Not just about reestablishing trust in you. My brother Coleman's book is Find the work you're wired to do. It has the gut clear assessment as part of it. We're gonna give that to you as our gift as soon as you get it, Anthony, take the assessment and then start looking and see if it doesn't spark some ideas. 'cause it'll give you answers instantly of the direction you should go. So Also, let's, let's send him proximity principle and that's gonna give, Anthony's gonna give you some tips on meeting people in your current area that might be doing the thing that you're like, ah, okay, I might try that.


It's gonna walk you through step by step how to go meet those folks and begin to ask the right questions so you can take your next step. Yeah. And don't put some, don't put pressure on yourself that says I have to select the thing I'm going to do for the next 40 years. You have to select the thing you're going to do for the next one year. Yeah. The thing I'm doing right now didn't exist 10 years ago, 15 years ago, no Such thing as YouTube or podcast didn't exist and here we are. Right. Or tick TikTok, which Dave is a huge fan of Yeah, That I was gonna say something smart Lec, but I'll just leave it at that. Yeah. I saw the guys reach for the dump button and then they just, they pulled back slowly. They were afraid I was gonna air, try to air something.


That's unairable. That's right. We get fined by the FCC. There we go. That's right. Open phones here at triple eight, eight two, five. Five two, two five. John, we got one minute going into the break. I have dealt with in the financial world, bipolar so much because when they're manic they spend like maniacs. No, no pun intended. And then they're, then they're shamed and depressed. All Right. They go into water and they can't work. Yeah. Back And forth, back and forth, back and forth. Affects income of spending both. But the big, and that doesn't bother me. I can help you with those things. What bothers me is there's too many people in the mental health field and I used up all the time that act like this is not that you can't get better and people get better all the time.


Yeah. Well they, they, they act like this is, this is the, you're the worst thing that's ever you've ever been labeled. And so you just go over in the corner 'cause you can't do anything. It's just not true. You and I both know people who work really hard. They take their medication, they, they start taking care of their bodies and their minds and man, they can go on and do great things. Yeah. They're very functional. Yeah. And they can be some of the most amazing thinkers and doers out there. Yep. It's, it's astounding. So yeah. And Anthony's got, he's got the world wide open in front of him right now. Absolutely. This is The Ramsey Show.


Buying your first home is a big deal and sets the stage for your financial success. So work with a mortgage advisor you trust, not just some random website Churchill. Mortgage is Ramsey trusted because they help you avoid hidden traps and expertly guide you through every step. Learn more at Churchill Mortgage dot com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Hey guys, Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money and I know this because that was me. But the truth is budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Politicians make a lot of promises and sometimes they might keep one of them or maybe two, but if you're in over your head with private student loans, well the government doesn't have anything to do with that. Contact Why Refi Why Refi refinances defaulted private student loans and gives you a low fixed rate built for you. Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ Ramsey might not be in Allstate.


Alright, today's question comes from Savannah in Michigan. Savannah writes, I've been following your plan for three years and I've done well for myself as a single parent. I'm debt free. I have a healthy emergency fund and will likely pay off my house in three years. I've had to make many sacrifices and I've worked hard. However, some of my friends and family are struggling. There's a constant stream of complaints at family and church gatherings about the cost of groceries, increased rent and house prices being unaffordable. This is usually followed by snide comments about the haves and have nots, which occasionally descends into assumptions that those who own their home and have investments are rich, greedy people who benefited at the expense of others less fortunate.


How do I, as someone who has worked so hard to better my situation, deal with the hurt I feel when I'm called greedy and selfish, how do I not feel angry and resentful towards those people when I've made so many sacrifices to get where I am? They're the ones who choose to complain about their situation rather than do something to get out of it. What do I do? Whew. That's tough. You need some new friends. I was gonna say, man, you as Jay-Z once said, you dust your shoulders off and you head out the door, man. Yeah. Shake the dust off your sandals and keep moving.


Yeah. You, you do. You've got to, here's the thing. One guy calls those people energy vampires and they're sucking the blood out of your soul is what you're saying because that's what negative people do that are victims and complain and blame everyone else. They're the opposite of people who provide hope, who provide encouragement, which refreshes people's souls instead of drains them. Right. And so you have to say, all right, the people that I spend time with that are negative is going to be limited to the amount of energy I have to try to help them not be negative, but just to hang and sit for two hours while somebody bitches and moans and, no, I'm not doing that.


I don't do that. Yeah. If I have someone enter my life that's going to act that way, they get limited access to my brain. Yeah. And that's because I can't stand it. I'm really a Positive person's a thing for me. That's been a hard thing for me. And it's, and it's, I I'm realizing to choose to spend time around those people is to choose to have less of time, less, less of an impactful, meaningful time with my kids, with my wife, with my coworkers, with my other friends. Is it Affection? It's finite. That's right. It's Gives you the Flu. That's right. It It's contagious. Yeah. and I spend time. It, it, i, it gets on me. I get in my car and I'm like, well, what did you do? Who like it? It's hard not to become the air you breathe. And so, yeah. Dave, how do you, whenever we have, If, if everyone in your church is acting that way, you need to change Churches.


It's time. That's right. But Dave, how do you, how do you begin to, that sounds weird. Make new friends. You gotta go make new friends. You gotta go be weird. Make new friends. We were just talking off air about a mutual friend of ours that's, that's sober. He's been sober about two years. Yeah. He's not doing cocaine anymore. He is not drinking anymore. You know what he's got? Hmm. New friends. He's got new friends. That's exactly right. Because He wanted a new life. Yeah. You can't keep hanging out with people snorting cocaine. If you wanna quit cocaine, hello. You gotta get new friends And you, and this, this is mental cocaine. Yeah. It's mental leukemia, you know, and you're gonna catch it. If you hang around with it, you become who you hang around with.


You talk like them. You think like them. God help you, you vote like them. Right. And so, you know, read books change and, and you don't have to be mean about it, but I mean, think about it. If, if all your buddies are your drinking buddies and you have an alcohol problem, you have also got a friend problem and you have to change friends. You do not have a choice if you wanna stop your alcohol problem. That's right. Our buddy doesn't have a choice. Yep. He can't run with the other crowd he used to run with and be anything but a drunk and a Coke Cokehead. And real friends will say, Hey, we're gonna love you and support you on this new adventure, and either we're gonna stop, or man, we're, we're, we're gonna honor you and not do this around you. Right. Yeah. I mean, if you, if you got buddies that are, you're drinking buddies and you know, they say, Hey, come over to the party, but we're not gonna force it on you And.


We're not all gonna be laying in the floor throwing up. You know? I mean, you know what I'm saying? Sure. Yeah. I mean, it's not, you know, what are you a bunch of college students? I mean, what is this? And so, you know, the people that are 50 years old still act that way. I know it's shocking. But they do. And so, you know, you've gotta, yeah. You gotta get new friends. We, People, we, we yell us a lot on the show. And. we celebrate being weird. But the the, the truth is being weird sometimes comes at a cost. Yeah. People don't wanna be around you. You take their, you know, that old, that kid in math class that always just got hundreds in? No. Everyone's just kind of annoyed by him. You become that for their life. Dave. We, or first thing this morning at staff meeting in front of a thousand people, we had a guest come in and we've been doing a documentary with her.


She's one of those amazing women that's single mom who takes away every single excuse, rural America, tons of different identities. And she just said, enough is enough, is enough. And. we keep running into these people over and over and over. I remember the teacher in New York City when there was a hundred percent lockdown and she figured out a way to pay off six figure. They're just these folks that continue to say, nobody's coming for me. I'm gonna go out there and make this thing happen. I'm not gonna sleep. I'm not gonna, I'm just gonna go and go. I'm gonna stop blaming. 'cause the blaming doesn't feed my family. Yeah. Complaining doesn't help solve anything and they just go do it. And, but that comes at a social cost when everyone wants to just complain. You know, we built a house a few years ago that was a little bit ridiculous, truthfully.


It was a lot of fun. Yeah. It was a really nice place. And. we lived there for about 14 years, but we had a friend at that time when we, about the time we moved in, came with some other friends. We weren't there. And it got back to us that she said, well, they're just out of control. That, that's ostentatious. They should be ashamed of themselves. You know what I helped her with that She never had to visit there again. Yeah. It was not a problem for her. Yep. She did not have to endure my problem anymore. so I, I assisted her with not being offended anymore. Right. She never ate dinner there, so there you go. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's okay. I can help you with that. Well, and and your best friends are the ones you call. And, and when you have those moments, they celebrate with you.


Yeah. They laugh at you. They give you A hard time. I want some, I want some brag moments. But they cheer you on, man. Yeah. They cheer you on A group of guys I get with once a month and one of our rules is cone of silence in the room. Now tell me something good that's going on. Yes. Tell me something you can brag about in here. 'cause there's nobody else you can brag to. Yes. And I'm your friend. I'm gonna proud, I'm proud of you. I Guarantee you everybody walks outta that room, stand a little taller, a little more inspired, Shoulders back, head up baby. A little more like, oh, I'm gonna go get mine then. Oh, yes. That's so Cool, man. Yeah, baby. How at the moon, I'm saying, you know, it's, that's it. That's it. That's versus like, well, you know, the little man can't get ahead. We're all stuck.


I sure hope we can elect a president who will fix my miserable life. 'cause I won't get off my assumptions and do it myself. I've never heard get off my assumptions. You know? That's fantastic. Dave IOR is your spirit animal. Come on. Seriously. So that, that's what she's dealing with. I, I feel for you, darling. 'cause I mean, we've all got, I've been, the reason we're going off on is we've all got people like that. Yeah. But here's the thing. 15 years from today, your income will be within 10 to 15% of the average, of your 10 closest friends' income. And I bet. You know what? I've never read this study, but I bet your emotional health will be Too.


I bet your marriage will be too. Yep. I bet The books you read, I bet just the joy You walk, like maybe the fact that you even read a book. Yeah. Ooh. There's a thought. Yeah. Wow. Do you hang out with people that read or that that knows everything on Netflix? Yeah. And by the way, groceries have gotten expensive. Yep. Houses and rent have gotten expensive. Yeah, they have. Yeah. Yeah. So we can make s nine comments or we can get about it. It Just is. Well, here's the thing. We were talking about this this morning. We don't have people on the debt free stage screaming, complaining about inflation. No. You notice that? Yeah. None of them are griping about interest rates. Yeah. They're not talking about the cost of eggs.


They're not talking about omics. They took control of their life. Interesting. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey folks, there's a lot of half baked investing advice out there. But here's what you can do to get more confident about this stuff. Check out the Smart Investor program. Smart Vestor connects you with local financial advisors who have the heart of a teacher. They'll help you level up your knowledge and build a retirement plan based on your goals, not theirs. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster to get connected and get more confident about your plan. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey personality is my co-host today in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Corey and Kain are with us Hi. guys, how are you? Doing well, Dave. how are You Better than I deserve? Welcome. Where do y'all live? We live just outside of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, about 45 minutes northwest City of Brotherly Love. I love it. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you? Two paid off? $274,000. Woo. And how long did this take? Six and a half years. Wow. Good for you. And your range of income? We started out at 117,283 and went up to 1 45 of 7 31.


Cool. What do y'all do for a living? Are You an actuary I To the dollar? No. No, but I am a nerd, so I am an HVAC service technician. Love it. Okay, cool. And I work at the YMCA. I'm a call center registrar. Amazing. So 274,000 over six and a half years. I'm guessing that might be the house. Well, Dave, we paid off a, a loan from a 401k and then we bought property in the mountains. And, we paid that off. And then yes, we did pay off our primary residence as well. Yeah. Looking at weird people. Very good.


What's this house worth? Well, it's gonna sound kind of funny. The, the one in the mountains is a, we built a house on it. It's 143 acres. That one's about 800,000. And the one that we currently live in is about 2 79. Okay. I'll I'll go with that. Yeah, I like it. I like it. Very fun. Very fun. So you're millionaires and how old are you? I'm 50 and she looks a lot younger. I'm 52 Proud. I like it. I'm going with that. Wait, Wait, wait, wait. You can't be a millionaire and have two properties if you work in HVAC and at a call center at the Y that's humanly impossible.


Haven't you heard about the price of eggs? No. We have, We eggs. It's impossible. It is impossible if you don't follow the Ramsey plan. Whoa. Sign him up. Sign him up. Yeah, there we go. so what do you tell people? I mean, this is pretty impressive. You pulled off a deal here. Now, here, let me guess too, the way you did the mountain property, you don't have anywhere near 800 in it. No, no, no, no. We bought just bear land and then I pretty much built the house Yeah. With family. Yeah. Okay. We just paid as we go. Yeah. That's What we did. And that, that, but so you got little to nothing in it compared to the value.


Yeah. Yeah. But, but you still end up with a fabulous property and then your home, your day home, you're, you're through the weak place. Right. Yeah. I like it. Congratulations. thank you. What's it like being one of those kind of guys that can fix stuff and build stuff? I, I honestly, if I had to pay somebody to do everything, that would be a big problem. It, it's a lot cheaper to do it Yourself. He's also tight. Yeah. And the nice Thing was, you, you taught me how to do everything too. So in case he's not around, I can fix, fix a kitchen sink too. So, whoa. Just kick me while I'm down. thank you, ma'am. Appreciate you. Geez. John. John, I don't know what this means about you, but we'll deal with that Later.


I think we all know what this means about me. We'll deal with that later. This is not your moment. This is there. I, okay, So what happened? What happened six years ago and you just said, forget it. Let's just be millionaires and pay it all off as we go. Okay. So we never really had a lot of credit card debt, but one or two months that we did carry a balance over, I got upset with her for not being able to pay it off when I was the one spending on it. And that was, which Was like a hundred Dollars com com completely unfair of me. and I didn't know that until Dave smacked me upside the head with a two by four. Metaphorically. Yes. Metaphorically, of course. Yes. Oh.


And, and so we, I found you guys, I'm so tech unsavvy. It's, it's crazy. A friend of mine set me up with iHeartRadio and it's a part of the setup. It asked what you're interested in and I said, finance and talk radio. And you well, ding ding, You came up. So, Yeah, I guess I did. Yeah. As, as soon as soon as I heard your message and that you pulled your teaching from the Bible, God's never lied to me. So, amen. I figured go ahead and, and, and follow that plan that Works for me. And, we had four and a half hour drives up to the mountains on more of a regular basis.


So then that's how he got me into it too. So we listened as we would travel. And then I got really excited about it and he surprised me with the girls. and I came home. I'm a type A personality and there was this just obnoxious chain, just the big chain link all the way around my kitchen. And for every link, it was a thousand dollars left on our debt. And so I was motivated to get rid of that chain, worked That outta our kitchen Just for a purposes. Awesome. Exactly. Yeah. Double payments to, you know, snip it away. Amazing. Well, congratulations you two. How's it feel?


Great. Great. Yeah. Really does Any suggestions you have? Does somebody listening? Yes. Follow the plan? Exactly. Like I said, I service heating and air conditioning and there is what we call a sequence of operation. If you want to know what's wrong with the piece of equipment, you have to know where it stops in the sequence of operation. And if you wanna know what's wrong with your finances, figure out where you've stopped in the sequence of operation is what I call your baby steps. So, mm. And respect each other and respect the program. Respect the budget. So meaning stick to it. It, well, I like the way you said that. 'cause that's different than like stick to it.


Yeah. Like, like there's something about respect me and I'm gonna respect you and we're gonna respect this thing. NA's a level of dignity. And we both promised, right? Absolutely. We give our word on this deal. That's Cool. He's my hero. Wow. So are you But Well he, he's my hero. That's My primary. Yeah. This guy. You guys are incredible. I'm so proud of you. You're both heroes. Thank you way to go. I mean, you're sitting here 50 years old, you got a paid for mountain property, paid for home, everything's paid for, you're millionaires as a result. And you did that working as a heat and air tech and, and working in the call center at the y It's very impressive. Don't tell me you can't win. They just took away all your excuses. Boys and girls. Yeah. Very well done.


Corey and Corrine Philadelphia. 274,000 paid off in six and a half years, making one 17 to 1 45. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We debt free. Yeah. Ah, yeah. There we go. There we go. I think the universe is trying to tell me something. Dave. This is the fourth or fifth person I've met personally today. That is a curve Buster is a, an an excuse stealer. Yeah. You can't make any excuses. Yeah. Well, I mean, there, there's, that's it, it, it, it has to take away.


It's one of the reasons we do this. It's called hope. Right? You know, you, you, you, once you see someone and you go, I could do that. That's hope. That's Hope I could do that. It's a light in the darkness. I could Do that. I can do that. Look at that, that guy. I could do that. That guy's smart. But I'm smart. I'm a smart, I can do that. That's right. I can do that. He worked hard, but I work hard. I could do that. And that, that's called hope. And that that's why we put these stories that are true out there and have for so many years. We kind of backed into this debt free scream thing. We didn't invent it. A lady just called up and started screaming one day, I'm debt free, I'm debt free, I'm debt free. I paid off everything. David. She hung up and that was the first debt free scream. You know, it was like, so yeah. But hey, you need to celebrate when you freaking win.


Right? We were just talking about that with the other thing a minute ago. You need some people you can brag to. And we're the people that brag you can brag to because we, we'll brag with you. We'll brag on you. We're proud of you, your heroes. When you take control of your life while standing neck deep in a bunch of victims, you know? Yeah. Everybody's standing around barking and carrying on and acting like they're stuck. And in the, in the richest country the world has ever known, with more freedom and technology at your fingertips than at any time in human freaking history. You got no excuses, you are free. You live in America. Shut up and go.


Suck it up buttercup. Go do it. There's no excuse. Corey and Cor just head to the mountains and say, we'll go to our other house. Peace out. See you later. Peace out my $800,000 weekend property. This is The Ramsey, Show.


Listen, the housing market is crazy. And if you've been on the internet, here's the sentiment. Affording a home is impossible. And you're doomed to be a renter for the rest of your life. Right. Wrong. George Kamel here. Listen. Finding a home you love within your budget is possible. And I'm excited to help you get there with our brand new course. How to Buy a Home You Can Actually Afford. From Saving a Down payment that fits your budget to making an offer that sellers can't resist. We'll cover it all. So if you're ready to seal the deal on the right home for you, take the course at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash course.


Dr. John Delony Ramsey Personality is my co-host today.


Coordinating a Financial Peace University class is a great way to stay motivated on your own baby steps journey, while you encourage others. When you lead a class, you get free access to the FPU lessons, the premium version of EveryDollar and additional content and perks for free for an entire year. You'll also get support from a community of other coordinators, our team of experts and tons of free resources to help you lead your class. This year alone, we've seen over $43 million in debt paid and 10 million saved from Financial Peace University classes. If, you have a passion for serving others. This is a great way to help others experience the life change you've seen yourself. Go to fpu.com, lead and get your first class set up. Or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or on podcast.


John is in Tucson. Hi John Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? I'm, I'm on a home in California for the last, well 50 years ago is when we purchased it. We've rented it for the last 20 to the same, same renters, a young couple. and I'd like to see about how we can go about selling that house to them and I carry the paper. Why would you want to carry the paper? Because don don't think they can afford to go get a loan for them. The amount of money that would be needed to purchase the home. So if they can't afford a loan, why would you wanna be their bank?


I, they're nice kids. They've never mistreated the house. We're getting up there in age. And so I don't need a serious amount of money for any particular reason. We live comfortably. We're been debt free for don don't know 45 years. What's the house worth? About 4, 4 25 to 500,000. Okay. So if you sell it to them for 450,000 and you carry the paper, they're gonna have payments to you. Correct? Correct. And if they get a bank loan, they're gonna have payments to the bank. Correct? Correct. Correct. And the payments are gonna be almost the same?


Well no, because I wouldn't charge them near as much. I just wouldn't. Honey banks aren't charging much interest now and you can get a 5% loan now. Okay. If you charge 'em 2%, there's no difference in the payments. Not much anyway. Okay. Not much. I mean, they're gonna have about the same payment. About the same payment in it either way. And if they can't afford to pay the bank payment, they're not gonna pay you. How much are you renting it to them for? 900 a month. Okay. 900 a month won't support this house if you buy, if you sell it to 'em. No, but I could, I could financially do it for 1300 a month plus property tax.


They'd have to cover property tax and insurance, Which covers about 160,000. And it doubles I don I don know. It doubles a monthly payment. I mean if, if you put the monthly payment out there, let's say they put down nothing and you put a monthly payment on 400 5,000 50,000, you know that's not 1300 right? I know that's not 1300. I'm not that silly. I know, but I'm not trying, I'm not calling you silly. I'm just saying it, you can't sell unless you sell them this house for 160,000, they're not gonna have a $1,300 payment. Okay. So that's how that would work is I would sell it for less.


Yeah. If you want to give them, if you want to give them half of the value of the house for free because they're a nice young couple, then carry the paper also. But I think you giving them half the house for free 'cause they're a nice young couples. Probably enough of a gift. I think they go get their own mortgage. Okay. Here's my problem. Okay. They're used to paying for a long, long time. Way below market rent. Would you agree with that? Oh yes. Yeah. And you're afraid they can't afford any more than that? Well I don don't know if I'm afraid or if I've just not asked that question. Okay. Alright. I guess I would find out their incomes and let's figure out how we can assist them.


I'm okay with the idea of you giving them a deal on the house. I just don't want you putting them into something they can't do. And you turn a perfectly good situation. It's not perfectly good 'cause it's way under rented, but a perfectly good young couple And, we put a pinch on 'em while we were trying to do something good. You were trying to do something nice. But if you put 'em in a payment that strangles 'em, that's not, the net result is not nice. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. so I, I really want to get into this and figure out how we can do this. So having said all of that, let's pretend that you find out that they can afford a payment on a price that you're willing to take for the house.


What would you be willing to sell 'em the house for price wise? Three 50. Okay. Alright. So you're, you can sell 'em the house for three 50 and they have a $3,000 a month payment and you can either carry back the paper or you can ask them to get a bank loan, assuming their credit is good enough that they could get that bank loan. I would much rather you have the cash because otherwise you have a payment with someone who's used to paying 900 and now we've got them on $3,000 a month and three times as much. And then if it goes sideways, you have to try to foreclose on someone in California, which is dead come near impossible.


Yeah. It's the worst state in the United States for a foreclosure. So your advice is for Don't carry the paper For me to set a price. Don't carry the paper. Not to carry the paper. Yeah. Just get out of get out the business. If you want to give 'em a bargain, give 'em a bargain as you walk away. Okay. If you wanna be a blessing to them and help them and you do you love them. You, you, you think the word they've been with you, you 20 years. You like them. They're a nice young couple. Yeah. You, you, you don't need the money. So we're gonna sell 'em a 450,000 house for 350. That's a deal. You're a generous kind man, John. Well thanks. And walk away, but walk away.


Okay. Yeah. Don't, don't get, don't get, don't get yourself in a place where you end up having to be the bad guy after you were the good guy. 'cause you won't be able to be the bad guy. You'll just get no money and they'll get keep staying in the house. Yeah. It'll be squatter v Yeah. I mean, 'cause California foreclosure laws are Yeah, it's, I mean, New York and California, you don't wanna have to, you don't wanna try to foreclose there. Yeah. Very, very difficult. What, What about the other side of that? What if you set and said, Hey, I'm gonna keep, I'm gonna stay with this way, way, way under market rent the renter, if they're in California, they're in a 450,000 house, paying 900 bucks a month. At some point, if they're able to sock away the overage every month that they would be paying.


So if they were able to put away Yeah, they could, you could help 'em just talk, talk 'em into saving the other 2100. Yeah. It seems to me they, they, they get way ahead Of 24,000 a year. Yeah. They, they could do all right with that over time. 50,000 over two years, a hundred thousand over four. You put it down a good payment and you know, I'd give you an option to buy it from me later. Every you save up the money. There you go. But something like, that's fine. But so in general, folks, If, you have a paid four piece of property, keep it and rent it or sell it. Because if you're renting it and it goes up in value, you're the landlord.


You get the benefit of it going up in value and you can raise the rents as the market goes up. If you sell it to someone you've locked in, all you're gonna get for it. The total price is locked in. It's not gonna go up. They're gonna get the appreciation and the monthly payment is locked in. It's not gonna go up. So you're be, if you're gonna collect payments from someone on a piece of real estate, you're better off being the landlord than by being, than being the bank. So the chances of me owner financing something are zero. I'll be the owner if I'm gonna o if I'm gonna owner finance or if I wanna get rid of it, I would rather take a little less and get the cash and be done a clean break, be over done, finale, over done.


You know, it's just, it, it's, these things come back and bite you in the butt five years later and you go, Ugh. And I'm afraid that's where he's gonna end up. And part of that's just 'cause he's just the nicest guy on the planet. He got A great soul. That's right. Yeah. And that that'll, yeah. I'm not trying to say you have to be mean, but he's just really nice. Hey, don't forget to download The Ramsey Network app and watch the whole show for free. That concludes the portion that you're gonna see on YouTube and podcast. But you can watch it all on The Ramsey Network app for free. Be sure and check out that last segment of the show every day that way. But mention it's free. Yeah. Download that at Apple and and at Google Play Ramsey Network app. Check it out.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing bad. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.