
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau, number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. The phone number here is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Freddy starts this hour in Nashville. Hi Freddy. How are you? Good, Dave. Dave, I'm so glad that I got a hold of you. Could release your help. Got a 91-year-old mother and there are five of us siblings and we're trying to help her.


She's in a, a nursing home in pa and she is going to pass away soon. So we have a cousin who is my mom's niece who actually is in charge of her estate, along with her husband. Her husband is an estate attorney. She has power of attorney and she handles stock trans or, you know, brokerage transactions as well. Okay. If your mother has five children, why did she give her niece power of attorney? That's weird. We, that's the part we can't, we can't quite figure that out. It's a little odd for Sure. Well, no, you know, I mean, why the heck didn't she give it to you? I, I, I don't, well, I'm, I live far away. I'm in Nashville And far away. Doesn't affect anything.


I know it doesn't. To you, are You not in positive relationship with your mother? No. No. We're all good. No. Is your cousin like a we're all a very good relationship Lawyer or something? The cousin's husband is. Yeah, the niece's. The niece's husband. Yeah. He's, Yeah. This is what, this is what we think happened. We think that because she did that for her parents and that led to a lot of issues that she basically, you know, has, my mom didn't really have anything else to go to once my father passed. And then she thought, okay, well I could use them. It's kind of complicated the estate with some of the things that my parents have done as far as investments and things. So I think she thought it was a good idea. Now, I know you always say, I least have heard you say don't do business with family. No, I Didn't say that. And Okay.


Maybe you did Okay. Never heard that incorrectly. But either way, I, she's just so in deep with them that, you know, she's just, she's got complete control more or less. Yeah. I mean, her mother gave it to her though. Well, okay, that's true. Now here's the thing, they, they kind of operate from a standpoint of if they can just keep offering you more and more. And my mother of course accepted, so that's on her. But my mother is older and she just, you know, decided to do a little bit too much with them. And they recently tried to declare her to be incompetent more or less, which she was not. After we had all requested through my mother a copy of the records 'cause we were getting suspicious that there was some fraudulent behavior going on.


So we wanted to see what the estate looked like. My mother agreed to it. She requested that, and we did not provide that. Okay. And how long ago was that? That was about three weeks ago. So we, we looked into an attorney to, you know, get some protection for her because apparently my, my mom's niece had contacted an attorney, sent a letter to the assisted living facility where my mom lives. And, you know, tried to say that we were somehow coercing to get records or try to coerce her into, you know, not allowing them to see.


So the facility actually banned them, both of them from seeing her. 'cause they would always try to meet with her privately, which under normal circumstances might make sense. But in this case, we suspect that there's some funny business going on with the money. So What does your, what does your attorney say? Well, he said that what we could do is go in there and request all the records, also request the beginning as far as all the records to the very end where we are right now, and everything in between, all the transactions. Okay. So I set my appointment, he came, he was gonna go visit my mother, and the last second my mother canceled. Now the problem is, is that my mother feels a strong sense of loyalty to her niece.


It's her own Sister. How can we help you today? Well, I'm just trying to see if we have any rights as children, whether when she passes No. Or prior to that, is there anything we can do? No, The only rights you have, the only rights you have are the questions that you've got that you can, you can still get answered. Okay. A as, as the, you know, as the siblings, you could file a suit after her death to see the records still. Okay. Just to prove, you know, what, what the flip does, the will say and how has these Yeah. You know, we are, we're filing suit because we think fraud dealing behaviors been involved and you have to file lawsuit. The problem is we, yeah, okay, that makes sense.


Because we do not have access to the will. We only have an old will. Yeah, Yeah. But you get access to the will the same way the will in most states is filed as public, unless it's some kind of a trust set up. Okay. But probate, probate files are public files. I've gone and looked at them myself when I was trying to buy property from an estate where somebody died. I wanna know what the will said. And so, but I don't know about Pennsylvania, but I, I have no idea. This is a tangled mess. And honestly, Freddie, the answer to the question is, y'all should have dealt with this like, eh, three years ago, like the first time you got an inkling, instead of waiting until she's on her deathbed, because now it just adds drama to everything.


And if you smelled a rat early on, you should have pulled the plug. Then I stepped in, not, you know, and, and pulled the plug on this relationship because that, that's where you went wrong. You didn't deal with it soon enough. And I gotta tell you, it's very, the story you're telling is very strange. That your mother feels a unbelievable sense of loyalty to this niece and a close relationship closer than her own kids. Yeah. That feels like that's on the kids. That sounds weird. I don't know. I can't tell what's going on in one radio phone call, but I, I, I'm not accusing you of anything. I don't know what happened here, but, but it just, it just feels, the whole story's strange.


But I i, if, if things are, as you perceive them to be that you have a great relationship with your mother and she's been co-opted by this cult leader niece, then, then you just get an attorney and sue the pants off of them until you get enough records and you make their life miserable enough, keeping in mind that their attorney's fees are free. 'cause her husband's an attorney. You're gonna be paying. So that, that's what you're signing up for. And please don't expect anything to move fast in the justice system. There is nothing fast Old lady Justice is a slow woman. So she is not gonna serve you quickly. So it may, it may take for years, and I don't know how big the estate is, it may not be worth messing with, but apparently it is.


'cause everybody's fighting over it. But this is the reason people there. A lot of questions there. Yeah. This is the reason, period. And mom, you, you people out there that are gonna be that 91-year-old, I'm gonna be someday maybe you, your job is to not let this happen. Your job is to tell everyone what the will says. Handout copies. If you're gonna piss somebody off in the will, go ahead and do it while you're alive. Have a backbone instead of sneaking off into the grave and letting somebody else deal with their hurt feelings. Okay? That's so freaking dysfunctional. It's unbelievable. I don't Think I've ever heard anyone describe it as sneaking into the grave. Well, probably has never happened before, just now. But I may use it again because it worked.


That's good. That's good. But, but you see the point, guys, you guys, you, you, you create all this drama when you do your estate plan and you keep it a deep, dark secret, like it's a freaking movie or something. This is not a movie. It's your life. And so if you're the crotchety old, whatever, and you want to give it all to your niece, go ahead and tell all your kids that, you know, you never called me. I'm giving it all to her. Shut up. It's, you can say that, that's perfectly legal, but go ahead and deal with it so they don't have to sit and wonder if the niece is stealing this stuff. You know, I don't know. But tell everybody, get your wheels done and tell everybody what the stinking wheel says.


Wow. Wicked weird. This is The Ramsey Show.


Lemme tell you, the god's gonna cut you Down. It's holy week in Jerusalem. And the city is restless. The people of Israel welcome Jesus as king. His followers ready for revolution. But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables walk To you scribes and fantasies. How will you escape being contempt to hell? Experience holy week like never before. What if you're done now in theaters, the chosen last supper? Get your tickets. Now,


If you run a business or you're thinking about starting one, you probably already know running a business is hard When you work for yourself. Sometimes you have a jerk for a boss. I have worked me like a rented mule at times. Hmm. I have worked me to death at times. And some of you city people need to look up rented Mule. But anyway, yeah, that's like, I ever had one either. But yeah. Anyway, Hey, we wrote this book to walk you through the same proven system that we used at RAMSEY. And we've coached 10,000 small businesses on, it's the entree leadership system, the five stages of business and the six drivers that take you through them. It's kind of like the baby steps for small business. It doesn't make it easier, but it makes it easier because at least you know where you're going and you know what you gotta do to level up in your business. And you know what the clear path looks like. You know the what the, what the road to Florida looks like. You can need a map. You don't just wander around and hope you get there. Pre-order the book today by midnight, because tomorrow goes on sale and all the goodies go away. The book is on sale tomorrow, officially, 29 99 before midnight. Get over $350 in free bonus items, including instant access to the entree leadership, hiring and Firing playbook. The enhanced audio book. The audio book on this book. Super fancy. We did it up like a podcast so it doesn't sound like an a boring audio book, which I hate doing those things, but this one's not. It's good. At least I think it's good. Pre-order today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Or you can click in the show notes and we'll get you going.


Mel is in Chicago. Hey Mel, what's up? Hey, longtime RAMSEY fan here. I had a quick question. I've been married. I was, I'm 59. I was married for 29 years, divorced for three years. And in our first marriage, you know, I'm a I, you know, everything is a we thing. Whether it's kids finances, it's an hour or we thing. Okay? Now as you move into looking maybe at a second marriage, what happens to kids and assets? Does it stay the same as a initial marriage? Everything is a we are thing. You know, you hear about prenups, you hear about, you know, or does everything, it just stays simple. It's just like a first marriage, but it's a second one. It's a we are thing, whether it's kids or assets or whatever, You know, it doesn't matter.


What really matters is that you decide in advance. Okay. How many kids do you have? Well, I have five, but I only have one that is under 18. She has two. Are they under 18? They Are. Okay. All Right. And there are a difference in assets. She has mentioned prenups. I'm not in favor of 'em. I feel like any line you draw Who, who has the assets? She does at the moment. Okay. What is her net worth? Probably 3 million, two and half million. What's Yours? Probably 700,000.


Okay. All Right. I don't usually recommend prenups, except in extreme situations, this is pretty much an extreme situation. If somebody wants a prenup to protect their classic car, don't marry them. Right. Okay. But if, but, but there's $3 million on the table. You've been divorced three years and you got seven 50 on your side. So I, I think you would say what you come into it with is yours. What she comes into it with is hers. And what we do from that point forward is ours. Well, the problem with that is I'm a small business owner and my income is only gonna go up. If she retires, hers will do nothing but end. So then you end up in a prenup situation where, Oh no, the $3 million income does not end.


Pardon? She makes 300,000 a year. If she makes 10% on 3 million in perpetuation, her income does not end. Yeah. Right. But if my income goes up to my net worth goes up to five or 10 in the next 10 years. Do you see what I mean? Everything that she had was earned pre, pre-marriage, everything. I that's mine would actually be post-marriage. Okay. Well you guys just have to decide. Okay. It's not like a right or a wrong or, yeah, No, I, I think what you gotta do is, number one, the question I always ask myself is, am I, am I making a statement with this move that says I love stuff more than her?


If that's the case, you probably ought to not get married. Well, I know that's not me. I mean, I'm afraid that's the other person, but that's never me. 'cause that's not how I'm Yeah, I feel like I'm, but you just said that, you just said my income and my assets are gonna go up, and I'm worried about that. That doesn't Seem, yeah. I'm also worried about You did not worried about that. You just said it, dude. Yeah, I understand. And I did. But that's, I'm probably more concerned about it not causing a dividing line. There You go. You know, that's, that's good. I like that Roommate situation. Roommate. Yeah. So if you had agreed to something on the front end, it would not cause a dividing line for you, right? No, that's not, that's the thing. I don't want, I don't want to end up in a roommate situation where I pay this, you pay that.


You Know that I, that No, I'm not suggesting that I, but I am saying, you know, you come up with something that says a formula on your business and you come up with something that's a formula on her stuff, and then the, the rest of it, we put in the middle and we just work it out. We take care of the minor children. Right. That you, you, you know, if you love her, you have to take care of them. That's an active law. Well, that's not a Problem. The kids are not a problem at all for Either of this. I was gonna say, what are the kids are, are the kids on board with this? Do, do you have weird relationships? What, what are the kids? Because that's the thing that I think of first. You guys are the ones getting married. But if I were in that situation as the woman, probably what I'd be thinking about are, will my kids be protected if this for some reason goes south?


That being said, I hold that with a grain of salt because at any point in any relationship, if you start thinking like that, that is an indicator that something's already wrong. I'm in a marriage now. I don't think, oh gosh, if something were to happen, I wanna make sure my kids were protected. That's not in my brain right now because I'm married. So there's part of it that I, if I'm being honest, I just hate the discussion because it just feels divisive from the go. But I also under, like, I also understand it, You need clarity. You do need clarity. Yeah. So the prenup will give you cl So we have the prenup can give you clarity and then event of a marriage ending, but also go ahead and state in there what the wills are going to say. So her 3 million goes to her kids, or her 3 million goes a million to you and 2 million to her kids or whatever the number is, your seven 50 and your business goes where and so on in the event of death, how is she gonna be cared for in the event of death?


How are you gonna be cared for in the event of divorce? How's it gonna happen? And as long as you have that very clearly defined, and then talk through the feelings that you have around that. I don't think the kids really get a vote other than the minor children have to be taken care of. Yeah. But they, they, you know, I, she, you need to put your spouse, your new spouse ahead of your kids from the previous marriage. That's True. That's true. But, but you, but everyone does have a concern that I wanna leave some of my stuff to them. But I'll give you an example. If a guy, it's a little different than these numbers. Okay. But if a guy says, okay, I'm coming into this with a whole lot of assets, the lady he's marrying doesn't, I've had that where he had five or $6 million and he goes, I wanna make sure my kids get everything.


Well, you're not very taking good care of your spouse when you die. Exactly. So that worries me. The fact that You, but then on the flip side is if the one spouse dies with the pretty largest state, and it's more than enough to take care of the spouse and the kids, but if this, the surviving spouse is a bonehead with the money and just blows through it, then you also feel like, hey, well the kids shouldn't have to, You know what I'm saying? They don't need, they shouldn't have to come in. But I mean, so you know, in the case of that $6 million guy said, Hey, you need to set aside enough to make sure your new wife is taken care of in the event of your death. And, you know, I think you've got a, you know, what we're trying to do is love everyone. Well, but in the right, the, the, the fair is where the cotton candy in the tilter world is.


There's not a fair, there is no fair, fair is your money. The two of you sit down and you decide. And whatever process or values you use to decide where she uses to use, where her 3 million goes, should also be equally that same value or process or principle should be applied to your side. I, I Do agree. And so, you know, and I think you figure out in the event of death and the event of divorce, I think divorce is a lot cleaner because in death, you know, I gotta make sure everybody's taken care of. Yes, that's right. But That's right. And it gets a little weird or you know, legacy or whatever, all that stuff.


So, but yeah, it's interesting. It's an interesting discussion. But much as we talked about on the call before that, make sure that the kids know too. Right. Everybody knows. Everybody needs to know. You all sit down and decide, draft it and then tell them yes. They don't really get a vote. Tell them this is what's happening. Yeah. That's, this is what we decided and here's how we came to that decision. And you could sit down and tell 'em together. Yeah, That's right. But I wouldn't cut anybody out. I wouldn't cut anybody in all the way. But there's not a requirement here. Somehow you've got to learn how to join your lives. That's right. While, while you're honoring the past. And that's gonna be, it's gonna be a tight rope.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xander is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Jade, one of my rules is to not tell people to do something I haven't done or am un unwilling to do. Agree. Me too. I was thinking during that break that the vast majority of my assets, including the Ramsey Solutions Company and a lot of our real estate, is already in the name of the RAMSEY Children's Trust. Wow. Yeah. It's already been transferred for estate tax planning primarily, but also because whatever is not in that is more than enough for Sharon to be taken care of. And the rest of it is intentionally left to the kids.


And so we're out to pass away and Sharon, were to get remarried. It's already divvied up. It's Already been taken care of. Yeah. I mean she, she would have a big chunk she would need to think about, but it would not be the, You wouldn't be going back on the stuff that's already been, I, I'm trying to think of a number, but let's call it 70% is already in the kids' names and or more. And so that's not even in play anymore in our case because we structurally did it for estate tax planning, but it also reflects and a value Yes, that's right. That, that we wanted it, we wanted the legacy piece to go with that. So interesting. I just had to kind of think through what, why I was highly uncomfortable there.


Alright. On the debt free stage in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions, Riley and Claire are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hi. Doing well. How are you? Doing Well. Great. Where do y'all live? Lexington, Kentucky. Oh, Welcome to Nashville. Thank you. And how much debt have you two paid off? We paid off $65,767. Excellent. How long did that take you? 16 months. Way to Go. Good for you. And your range of income during that year and a half? $75,000 was our starting and then 90,000 is where we ended up. Nice way to go. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a speech therapist And I'm actually a medical student. Oh wow. How are you paying for that? So I'm actually in the Air Force.


Oh wow. Smart. I'm paying for that. Excellent. Thank you. I like it. What kind of day? Very good. What was The 65,000 then? Student loans? My student loans. Oh, For speech therapy. Speech therapy, yes sir. Wow. What year of med school are you in? I'm in third year. Okay. At U uk, I guess. University of Kentucky? Yes sir. Okay, excellent. Very cool. I'm so glad. Thank you for your service to the country and I'm proud that we're doing that. And what a bright guy to get the taxpayer to pay for this. It's a beautiful idea. Thank you. It's really smart. I like it. It's, I like it. I'm, I'm not being sarcastic. I think it's a, you know, these guys ask me all the time, how do I go to med school? It's too expensive. You just figured it out. Right. What made you, let me ask before I get sideways, what made you go that route?


So actually it's a, whenever I got accepted, I got an email from the Marine Corps first. And so I was like, I saw it, I was looking at the email, I was like, what's the catch? You know? And so I started looking into it a little bit more. We were just dating at the time, but I, I saw a future with her, so I was talking with her about, you know, what this process looked like and things like that. So I talked with some other people from my hometown church and they went through the Air Force and they said it was a great program that they would do it again the same way. So I just was like, you know, the catch is to serve. So, and, and so What, what is, what is the commitment? So after residency it'll be four years of active duty. Okay. So when you become an md Correct. Four years is your payback?


Yes. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That's good. And they give us a stipend all throughout medical school, so that's really helped us and that helped us along this debt free journey. So just having the extra income on top of hers. Yeah. So the stipend is part of it, but basically it's your speech therapy income. Yes. Yes. Way to go. Thanks. And how old are you? Two? I'm 27 and I'm 25. And How long y'all been married? It'll be two years in June. Oh, okay. So you've had this plan since before you got married? Yes sir. Yeah, Pretty much. Pretty much. And you were looking at med school debt going, oh my gosh. And then the Air Force appeared. Yeah. Right. Yep. Exactly. Wow. Yeah. That's exciting. So tell me about what it was like getting on to this plan.


Was it a lot of sacrifice? Was it something that, for the most part you just thought, well, you know, we're just doing this. Tell us more about that. So whenever we were about to get married, I was trying to figure out, you know, what we would do with our finances. I wanted to try to set us up well. And I think one thing that stressed her out a lot was the debt. I think her family was, you know, telling her that's a big thing to tackle. So I thought that it would be a really good thing for us to just hit that hard and really go for it. Because I knew that was a big thing that was stressing her out. And I just wanted to move forward and, and do the right thing for, for our family. So that was really what, where it started. It may have taken a little bit of convincing Miss I'm a natural spender, so. Got you. Got you. It was definitely his push.


But I mean, we're unified in marriage, so we're gonna be unified and, and paying the stead off. And so that's what we did. Was it worth it? Oh absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. Not only financially, but I think it really strengthened our marriage as we were going through this together. We had a, a lot of decisions were made together So we got to know each other much more and deeper. And so, you know, going through the first year of marriage and doing this as well was really helped Us. Oh, it's huge. Yeah. Yeah. And we see how it'll impact our marriage and our family for years to come. I mean, You can make tough decisions about money, you can make tough decisions about almost anything Right. Together. Right. Unification. That's, so then the, the real question is, ri now that you're debt free, what does Claire get to buy?


So yeah, I think the next thing on the docket would be getting her a a, a new to us car. The car is almost as old as I am. Yeah. Ah, Really Definitely need to upgrade this car. She would really sacrifice. She kept saying, you know, all the different cars in the parking lot, you know, are much nicer than hers. But she kept, she kept pushing on and pulling me out A little bit. Well, It's true. And they all have payments. Yeah, they all payments. That's the thing. Yeah. I just had to remind myself, this is paid off. We don't owe anything. Right. That's right. Wink gets those broke people as they get in their car and drive away. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Wow. So what is this car? It's a 2005 Honda Accord and it gets me from point A to point B. Classic. Does it have a name?


It doesn't, but we should name it something. Yeah, You should name it as something. Make sure you take pictures that you can show your grandkids. There you go. That that's what you drove while your husband was going to med school in the Air Force. And that's how we became multi-millionaires. Yeah. And I just wanted you to know the story. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I drove, I drove a freaking hoopty. Yeah. So you Guys did Right? I got pictures of old cars and, and man, I tell you, it's your cars are part of your journey and you are, you are due for an upgrade. No question. Yeah. You guys did it. Right? I'm proud of you because we talk to doctors all the time calling in on the other end. 'cause they've got so many student loans and it's just not all it was cracked up to be.


And so to come out of it with no debt, I'm just, I mean, I hope that you come back in how many five years and tell us, give us the update. Yeah. It's gonna be huge. Yeah. You're gonna be going Ding ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. I like it. And your pay is not bad in the air force. No, It's not For the four years once you come outta residency. So Yeah. Especially without the student loan payments. Yeah, exactly. Exactly, exactly. It's all gonna be yours. Yeah. And, and you're gonna be making some good money. Way to go. You guys. What a great plan. How mature and forward looking and visionary. Yeah. And all that. That's pretty cool. Were there people in your friend group or family that were picking on you? Not a whole lot of picking on us, but we did have a lot of support. Our families both really supported us.


I even had some med school buddies who knew about what we were going through and cheer us on the whole way. Oh, That's good. And Dave, you were a, you were a common name in my family growing up. So I grew up hearing about you and knowing like you need to get on that Dave RAMSEY plan. Like you need to Through the baby. So when you were a teenager, my name was a cuss word. Yeah. Okay. I got it. That's okay. I like it. I like it. It sets you up. It sets you up to be this perfect. Of course. I like where you are. I'm proud of you guys. Thank you. You're pretty amazing. Thanks. Very cool. Good stuff. Very good stuff, man. That's good. Ri and Claire Lexington, Kentucky, $66,000 paid off in 16 months. Newly married.


75,000 to 90,000. That means they've been on beans and rice. Boys and girls. That's that's what that math says. And driving an old hoopty and gonna come outta med school or come outta the Air force was zero med school debt. Just brilliant. Brilliant plan man. It can be done. Wow. This, when I see people like you guys, it just gives me a lot of hope for the future of this nation. You're incredible. Well done Riley and Claire. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're debt free. Yeah. Wow.


Wow. So med schools 250, 300 grand. Yeah. A give or take, I don't know what UK is, but somewhere in there. And the payback is four years of service. And when you have good pay while you're doing the four years of service. Yeah. I just having a plan. He, he went in with a plan Stone cold. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. Beautiful. This is The Ramsey Show.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the Customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values. And they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love it. The things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY


c Glen is in Toronto, Canada. Hi Glen. How are you? Good. How are you? Better than I deserve. How can I help? I want to know, should I sell my paid off truck? It's kind of expensive. And buy an older truck to save money? To save money? Well, it's just like a depreciating asset and I just feel like it's too much truck.


Okay. Is it It's paid for. Do you have debt? It is no debt. What's the truck worth? Mm, 69,000. Wow. What do you make Last year? Two 60. You like the truck? Yeah. It's okay. It, it's kind of faded, but it's it's a good truck. I like it. So you're like, let me offload this before it depreciates further and get something else basically. Yeah. Yeah. It's actually worth a, a, a few more bucks than it was when I bought it a year ago. Yeah. Okay. So what would you get instead? Just an older truck. Like something, you know, 20 years old that's in good shape.


But what would you spend, I mean, How much? Oh, like 20. Are you married? Yes. Well, what does your wife make? She makes a hundred On top of your two 60? No, that's combined. Oh, Okay. All Right. And what does she drive? She drives an 18 Murano. What's that worth? 12,000. Okay. So, And do you have a boat? Nope. A sea. Do I have nothing snowmobiles? Nothing like that? No. No toys with motors. A snowblower. Okay. Just a snowblower. Okay. Well you probably need that.


Yeah. Well the rule of thumb that we have run numbers on is that you're probably not doing serious damage to your finances if you keep the things that you have with motors and wheels. Okay. Any, anything with motors and wheels goes down in value. Sure. Or just wheels if it has a battery and it, like a Tesla goes down in value. Okay. So if it's got wheels and or a motor, it, it goes down in value. And so you don't want all of those things added together to be more than half your annual income. 'cause you have too much invested in things that are going the wrong way. Right. You do not. Right.


You've not bought, you're not even close. You're not even close. So what's, I'm just curious of your emotion around this. 'cause it's all, it's obviously something that you're just, I'm wondering why you're even batting this around. Like what happened or what are you thinking you can do with the money This, you know, the extra money? Well, I have three children. One's going to university this year. Okay, well there you go. And that's, that's what you're thinking you'll do with the money is pay for college? Well there is money for that but I just, just having more, more of a buffer I guess. Okay. You're not doing anything wrong As long as you're able to pay cash for college and run your household budget. Keeping the truck. If you wanna sell it though, you can sell it.


It's your truck. Yeah. You're not stupid for keeping it and you're not stupid for selling it. But what we're fighting against is people that make 65,000 a year and they're driving a $65,000 truck. Right. And then they can't figure out why the flip they're broke. Sure. You know, Or people who just feel guilty then it's the opposite end of people who are doing really well and they just feel guilty about being able to have nice things. Yeah. I regularly talk to millionaires on the millionaire baby steps millionaires theme hour. And I regularly tell them to get a better car. Yeah, You got to. That's the so That, because they're still driving a piece of crap. Yeah, that's, you don't need to do that when you get a million dollars. It's okay. You don't have to drive a piece of crap and you make, you know, 200, you make a quarter million dollars a year, you make enough money to not worry about it.


Yeah. And so, and a $69,000 truck. But if you call me up and tell me you wanna buy $400,000 Lambo, I'm gonna tell you No that's stupid. If you make two 60, that doesn't fit the budget. Some people also just don't. I'm, I'm talking to myself right now. I feel called out. I just don't care about cars. Then there's people who are like, I I could drive. No, that's Sharon. She has no idea what her cars are called. She's like, what kind car is that I got? What kind of car is that gray one? That she doesn't care. I don't Care. Yeah. I buy Sharon's cars 'cause I want them. Yeah. Not because she does, you Know, that's what will happen in our family. Yes. I don't care. Yeah. That's, I mean because it's a car that I, 'cause I get to drive. I'm occasionally that's, you know, it's something that's sitting in the garage there and I'm picking up the grandkids or whatever.


So I don't want, you know, and so there you go. That's it. Yeah. That's it. So yeah. Yeah. But the rule of thumb is that guys, and, and if you have debt on it, the other formula that goes with the half of your income on things that have wheels and motors, the other formula is can you be debt free? Everything in except the house in two years if you keep the stupid truck. And oddly enough it usually is a stupid truck. I don't know why, but occasionally it's a car but it's usually a stupid truck. You say truck. Yeah, that's right. But yeah, you don't, you don't, you're not required to put a lot of money if you don't care anything about it. No. You know, But you'll spend that money in other ways. It's fine. Yeah. I mean you could, my point is you can buy something that goes down in value mathematically and it doesn't keep you from getting ahead.


Hmm. If you stay with that formula. That's the only thing I'm coming up with there. All Right. Can Derek is in Kansas City. Hi Derek. What's up? Hey sir, I'm, I just got outta the service. I'm trying to get my financial setting in. I'm looking at buying a home and getting into the real estate business. Well Thank you for your service. Thank you for your support sir. How can we help? So I guess I just have, I'm unsure of what the steps should be. So I went from, I'm gonna do 20 years in the service to getting irreversibly injured. And now I'm just looking at a life where I don't have to work for anybody else and I just kind of live a life that I wanna live. So I'm looking at it into real estate and going that route.


Oh, Interesting. Yeah. Real. You mean like a real estate agent? Selling houses, Either buying and selling houses or just buying homes and then renting them out. Do You have, do you have that kind of money laying around? Not yet, no. Okay. Alright. So you're not gonna be a real estate investor 'cause you don't have any money. Yes sir. Do You have your own pro your own home yet? No, no ma'am. I'm currently, I just got out March 5th. Okay. You're single. I'm my, yes. So you get full disability or do you go out on 20 year retirement? I am fully disabled. I'm making about 48,000 a year. Tax free. Tax free? Yeah. For the rest of your life. Okay. Yes. What's the nature of your disability sir?


My back is destroyed. Long story short, it, they told me that I will just have to learn to live with the pain. It doesn't get better. I will. If you were to, if you were to buy properties and rent them, who would manage the properties with your back issues? Like how would you take care of it? So that's the, my back isn't so bad that I can't, you know, do basic lawn work or working on places. I also come from a, a lower mill as family, but a working family nonetheless. So you can't still Have already, okay. So you can, you've identified the level of work that you can do Physical work. Work. Yes. Okay. Yeah, you're not required to do the painting. If you're managing a property, you can hire a painter. That's not the end of the world. But I promise you I will.


Let's see. Getting started though. Did you do a lot of the work with your hands? No. You didn't? Never touched it. No. I know how I grew up Mom and dad, you know, we always working on some old house 'cause that's what they did. But, so I know how to do it, but that's what made me not wanna do it. The lot of black fingernails from hitting them with a hammer. The, let's see, you know, I think I'd go into the real estate business and go make some money as an agent before I started trying to flip houses with debt. So my only con or thoughts were with my home loan or no, I'm sorry, with the VA home loan. There's a lot of benefits that come with it.


No, there's not. It's horrible. Oh No disregard. So the VA home loan is a nothing down loan that is a higher interest rate and higher funding fees than any other loan. It's higher than FHA and it's higher than Fannie Mae. It's not a good benefit. Your other benefits are good benefits and they're great. I'm glad they're there. And I'm, I'm sure you've got someone in addition to the VA looking at your back, I hope. Yes, I do. Good. Unfortunately, yeah, I think People just hear the zero down and think, yeah, I wouldn't do the zero down nothing down real estate flip thing. That that's something that you see on TikTok. Real people don't get rich doing that. They go broke doing that. And so yeah, that's my Biggest Fear. Yeah, I, I'd stay away from that, but, but I do wanna encourage your entrepreneurial spirit.


I want you to, to plug in and, and start something to start earning an income in addition to the 48, you've got the, you've kind of got the basics of life covered and so now you can kind of tinker with Monopoly money, right. Without going into debt. So you, you could start something pretty easy and move in that direction. I'm gonna send you a couple of business books to get you started for small business. It's the brand new one that comes out this week. Build a Business you love and the book Entree Leadership, which is the playbook of how we grew RAMSEY from a card table in my living room. I think maybe you'll get some ideas out of both of those. Oh, I'm also gonna give you Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do and take the assessment in that and it'll probably give you a wink and a nod in a certain direction.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, they do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spammers to find So much. But Delete Me will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Removed me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's joins Delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau, number one, bestselling author and RAMSEY Personality. She's my co-host today. Andrea is in Philadelphia. Hi Andrea, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave, how are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yes. I'm in a really like, tricky situation. I am babysat number two with my husband and I just received a call today in the morning actually my brother and my mom asking me to borrow my brother three that, oh, lend my brother $3,000.


But my mom know about the snowball and For for for what? For what? For his business. Oh. Because he needs to pay stuff for his business. Why doesn't she lend him the $3,000? Because she doesn't have the money. Neither Do you. You're broken in debt. I Was gonna say it's the same answer. Exactly, but this is the catch. I talked to my mom sometimes, you know, telling her like, we save money for the kids. Right? So the kids have money. So her idea was to take the money from the kids savings account to kids. My brother, that three She has has a lot of ideas about what you should do with your money.


Why do you? Correct. Do you feel, do you feel like you're in in some way? You have to listen to what she's asking you to do. I mean, my brother helped me when my me and my husband were like in really tough situation at the beginning of our marriage. How would he help you? How would he help you? That, I mean sometimes like buying more kids stuff if they need it without asking. And he was like, okay, you know, I can do it. Or That was not $3,000. No, no, not 3000. That was a hundred dollars. But Kind of like that. Or 50 here, You know, minute What, what what is your, what's your cultural background?


What's this accent? Well, I'm from Ecuador. Okay. And your mom is, your mom and brother are Ecuador? No, they're from, they're living here, but yeah, they're Ecuadorian, Salesforce and they live here right now. We're all, most of my family live in the United States right now. Your brother, is he single or does he have family and kids? And he is single and he does have a kid back in Ecuador. Okay. He has a, a business. And she did not open like this is how, Can you tell me more about, he's like In this money, this Situation, can you tell me more about, did your brother come to you and you said, sorry, I can't help you. Then he went to your mom.


No. And then your mom. Tell me how that happened. I received a call today in the morning that my brother asked my mom. Okay. And then the, the call came from my mom. Okay. So he was listening because she knew about my kids' savings account. So so her idea was Yeah, that I So listen, listen, there's, there's two possible answers. Okay. In your culture, it is more normal for you to share with extended family than it is in an Anglo family. Okay? In my culture, the answer is a hard no and instantaneously and you're weird for even asking.


Okay? Correct. But in your culture, this is not quite as weird. Am I correct in saying that? Correct? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Because I gotta tell you, in in my world when grandma asked for the kids' money for the brother, that means grandma needs to be smacked in my world. Okay? No, you're not getting my dad gum kids' money for the brother's business 'cause he is running business poorly. No, thank you. That's the world I'm in. But that's a little different world than you're in. And So we have to answer the question thoughtfully because there is a cultural difference. Is that fair? Correct. Okay. But I still think the answer is a hard no, I do Too. Because I think all of us get to choose the things culturally that we continue on with or the things that we go, Hey, I know everybody did it that way.


That's just not for me. Or that's, I'm not gonna go with that moving forward. Like, I think you can do that in a way that's not disrespectful, but it's just a change. Yeah. One of the reasons I worked my butt off is so I would never be a burden to my kids, but in some cultures it's normal for you to be a burden to your kids when you get old, it's expected and you're paying honor when you, when when grandpa moves in and 'cause grandpa has no money 'cause grandpa didn't take care of himself. That's a normal thing. In some areas it is not normal in an Anglo-Saxon African-American, United States culture. Okay. And even, you know, but it, it, it, you know, and again, a Hispanic culture that's gonna have a tendency to go that way.


I learned some of these things the hard way as we've tried to help folks in different communities. And I, I stepped in it 'cause I didn't know there was a cultural difference. So I'm trying to acknowledge that, but still tell you the answer is no, no. Mom. Yes. I, i I I do not, I am not comfortable with my children's money going to my brother. That makes me uncomfortable. And it really kind of makes me uncomfortable that you would even ask, What's the implication of you saying that, Andrea, to your mom and to your brother? What'll happen next? Well, they are, they actually live together. So they're really close. And I know my brother doesn't know about my savings. It should have been my mom's idea because that's not something that I just, Yeah, I think your, I think this is all on your mom, but I'm saying, and I think your mom has a lesson to learn here that your household is separate.


And when you tell them no, are you feeling like, hey, they're never gonna talk to me again or I'm not gonna be invited to, you know, dinner on family dinner. Like, is there, is there a consequence to you saying no, that you can foresee? Yes. And what is That? I mean, especially from my brother's, that he's more like resentful. He's that type of person that if he just, you tell him something he doesn't like that his wife hasn't even approached about his business as just poorly way that you guys said that he is managing it, it's because then he's not gonna talk to me. So I'd rather just be, you know, on the side and him Yeah. I don't Let him, I don't, I don't, if you don't want to interfering him doing his business poorly, that's fine. But when you tell your mom no, Jade's asking Mom.


No, I I think we're gonna keep our kids' money with our kids. What does she do? She'll say that. But You Hello? Did you drop your phone? Hello? Yep. Yeah. Hello? Yep. Did you hear me? Hello? Did you hear me? Yes, I, yes, I heard your question. What's the answer? The answer is like, yeah, but the he can pay you interest or no, No. What is she gonna do to you say no, the answer is no to your mother. Then what is she going to do? This is no is a complete sentence.


Yes. She would talk, try to talk to me like a, a way into it. Yeah. And so the answer still, mom, I love you, I love him. That's not in question, but this is my, this money's set aside for my children. And the answer is gonna be no, no matter how long we talk. So let's not talk long because it's gonna aggravate your mom. And what I'm trying to show to you, Andrea, is there's not really a a, there's no consequence here other than adults choosing how they're going to behave next. And if your brother chooses to give you the cold shoulder, that's not something you can control. All you can control is your response in this. Yeah. And you can stand by it and your mom can have an attitude for a while, but that's about it. Yeah, exactly. And You get to keep your peace.


Exactly. Whew. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been helping people get out of debt and change their lives for over 30 years. So I know change isn't always easy, but it's worth it. And here's change that's actually easy and worth it. Switching to Boost Mobile Boost gives you nationwide 5G coverage for reliable calls and streaming. And their plans start at just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk. Text and data with Boost Mobile, there's no junk fees, no contracts, and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. Plus their customer service team is made up of real people, not robots. So switching is easy. So go to boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY. That's boost mobile.com/ RAMSEY.


You know what's crazy to me? Two things. One, that we're already down to the wire on the tax deadline, and two, statistically speaking, most people haven't filed yet. And if that's you, I'm not trying to shame you or anything, but just know that taxes don't have to be stressful. Ramsey Smart Tax is a 100% accurate software that makes filing simple and easy and doesn't make your wallet cry. So don't be the person pulling your hair out because you're trying to file at 10 o'clock at night on April 15th. Get this party started and over with by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi? Why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans, which are different than federal loans. It means you can't even make the required payments and you're in default. If that describes you contact, why refi? They'll set you up with a low fixed rate loan customized for you, get you out of default, get you outta debt. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


That's right. Today's question comes from Chelsea in Kentucky. She says, my daughter is a senior in high school. She came home from school recently and said that her personal finance course teacher educated them on credit cards and loans and how to manage and build credit appropriately. She's very aware of our stance on not using debt. And the school is obviously not using your RAMSEY curriculum. Yeah, yeah. Right. How would you deal with an instructor for an instructor forcing your child to participate in their quote process? I mean, in many ways it sounds like, Chelsea, you kind of answered your own question because education starts at home. So what you're telling them at home and that you're con continually baking into them, you know, this is a good chance to kind of stress test that in my opinion.


It's like, okay, tell me what you learned today. What did they tell you? And then you're kind of opening up that dialogue because the truth is a lot of the world does run on that and it is kind of good to understand that so that you see how your pathway is a better pathway. Right. And so I, you know, Dave, you can say what you're gonna say, but for me, I think that if I've told my kids, here's here's a way to do life. Here's the way we're doing life in our household. They're able to see the fruit of that day in and day out. It's like any belief system. If you're a Christian, you're gonna see things in the world that counteract that and your friends and people are gonna tell you things that counteract that. And you're always stress testing what you really believe.


And I think this is just another example of that. It's a teachable moment. Yeah. Yeah. You're, because when we're raising, one of the things we try to do when our kids are starting to hit that age group, we said, Andy Andrews says, we're not trying to raise great kids. We're trying to raise kids that become great adults, which means we have to teach 'em critical thinking skills. They need to be able to think for themselves on doctrine issues in their, in their faith walk, their Christian walk. Yeah. They need to be able to think for themselves, what's a doctrine issue? And Rachel can have a good al argument with, I'll just tell you, it's with herself. You can just get her arguing with herself. Rachel argue, even though that good Argument on anything. It's a lot of fun. Rachel argued with a dog with a fence post. I mean, it's just, but anyway, the, I don't know where she gets that, but the, anyway, the, she would come home or they would come home and with something, as you said, that they learned somewhere.


Yeah. It could be school, it could be somewhere else that didn't line up with the way Ramseys do things. As for me in my house, we don't do that. And you could just go slam your fist down and go, we don't do that. And you could go yell at the teacher, but it's not gonna change the teacher and it's not gonna help your kid. So teach your kid why credit scores suck, that the only way you build a credit score is going in debt. That the, the credit score is not a measure of net worth. It's not a measure of financial health. It's a measure of how much you've been playing kissy face with the bank and pull it out and show her the lesson. Pull out financial Peace university and show her how fair Isaac developed the credit score, what the history of it is. It's set up to promote debt for banks.


Buy banks. That's right. So learn. And so just say, and honey, your poor little teacher has fallen into that. Bless her heart, which in the south could mean we're gonna slit your throat, but bless her heart. Right? And so we're just, here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna take a test and you're gonna pass the test. 'cause you're gonna answer it the way the teacher needs it answered. But you know what the truth is? 'cause the real test is what you're gonna do in the world. The real test is gonna be what? You're 27 years old. So the niece, my oldest child when she was in college, took a personal finance class. The guy started the class, you know, a hundred people in there, he doesn't even know who's in there.


Started the class with a 20 minute lecture on how stupid Dave RAMSEY is. And she called, she said, what do I do? I said, I don't, what do you wanna do? And she goes, well, I know that this is gonna be a tough class. Yeah. 'cause I'm dealing with an idiot. Get smart on Her. Yeah. So she's like, I can either drop the class or I can take it and answer the questions and get the credit. Yeah. It's up to you. I said, I don't, I'm not making this decision. You're the one that's gotta go to class. Yeah. And so she took the class, she passed the class. At the end of the class, when she was turning in her final paper, the guy looked down and saw her name and realized what he'd done. Oh. So, And he, he's like, oh God. Oh yeah, that was enough.


Because I'm an alumni that has donated substantially to that. The University of freaking Tennessee, I'm sure. And so, and this guy's teaching there under tenure Maybe, maybe not now. I know. No, I'm kidding. Did you pull us straight, dude? But I mean, isn't that, but we didn't do anything. We just let the guy be, and then boy did he get to, you've never seen anybody crawfish as fast. That guy backed up like he was riding under a rock unbeliev. He Jackson moonwalk. I'm Sure. Yeah. So, I mean, but that's, that's what you do. You just, you just teach your child how to think. Yeah. I think it's a Positive thing. And then you don't have to Worry about it. I think it's positive. I think if you take a hard stance on anything, you should know very clearly what the other side says as well.


So that it's a smart argument on your side. And the other side is Hank, who is a RAMSEY financial literacy teacher. Woo-hoo. In high school in, in Alabama at Russell County High School. Hank, how are you? I'm great, Dave. I know you're better. Doing better than you deserve. How's Jay doing? I'm doing, doing great. Doing great. So did we give her the right advice? Just leave that other high school teacher that doesn't know what they're doing alone. Yes. Yeah. Just leave her alone. Pass the test. Do what you gotta do. That's right. So we don't teach that way at Russell County High School. No. You're teaching the RAMSEY curriculum, teaching them the truth. Love it. How long you been teaching the curriculum? Hank? This is my third year and it's my second.


The first year I didn't know how to access the videos or anything, so I really taught from your Total Money makeover or financial piece book. So for two years we've been doing the, the full curriculum and the course is getting more and more popular. Wow. The first, the first two years I had to teach some Algebra one. And because I'm a math teacher, I incorporated into my math class. But I had to teach some Algebra one in there too. So the last, the last two years, the the class is, I've got, I've got all, this is the only thing I teach. This is we teach finite math and I incorporate into it next year, we're changing into financial algebra, which will, the standards will not line up a lot better. But man, it is great.


Love teaching it. I never have a student ask me, Ms. Austin, when are we ever going to use that? I, I would get that sometimes about Pythagorean Theorem. I bet, I bet. Well, with, yeah, you, that's the question that students always wanna know is how does this relate? And so you've done a really smart thing by putting it to something that's actually relatable in everyday life. How do you calculate the fun square footage of a parallelogram? Yeah. Most fun I've ever had teaching. Wow. How many students do you have? I, I, we're on a block schedule, so I teach about 80 each semester. Wow. That's A lot of life change. So we teach course in a semester. Yeah. So I have about 160 a year. So I figure I've been doing it for three years and I'm probably teaching seven more years before I retire maybe.


And so I'll have about 1600 students come through this. Wow. Wow. Very good. So about, and, and here's the thing. We live in a county, 73% of our students, we're a title one school. 73% of our students are, are free or reduced lunch countywide. About 20% live below the poverty line. So if I can take those 1600 students and I can teach them how to manage money, I see. I can teach them how to be wealthy, how to not go into debt, do all the Dave RAMSEY stuff and teach them to be generous. We can change the demographics of our county. You can, you're right. You really can. And it'll be all your fault. And I tell 'em all the time, we, we've got a lot of generational poverty here. I say, you know, you can change this not just for you, you can change it for your children, your grandchildren, because you learned to do things like your parents did.


Your children will learn to do things like you do. So we gotta, we had to break some generational curses. And, and, and you had a, You had a sponsor pay for the curriculum, a local builder, right? Yes, we did. We did. And we weren't sure we had a different sponsor for the first two years. We weren't sure we were gonna get that. I was fixing to start looking for grants and trying to raise money. 'cause I cannot imagine not teaching this. If I can't teach this, I'm probably gonna be ready to retire. Wow. Wow. So Houston Homes, is that how it's pronounced? Yes, sure is. All Right. Very cool. A local, local home builder bought the Yep. Curriculum for the high school. Thanks to Them. In a county that's title or in a school is primarily Title one meeting free lunch. Wow. Wow. Right. Wow.


And for any teachers listening, we're also doing that teacher appreciation giveaway, Dave. Yep, that's right. $5,000 vacation and two or more teachers are gonna win a $3,000 vacation. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash teacher to enter. We wanna celebrate heroes like Hank, not the other kind of teacher. Way to go. Hank. Thank you brother.


Thank you Hank. I Appreciate it. Great talking to you guys. You too brother. Thank you so much.


Real change in your money and relationships is possible. You can break the cycles that have kept you from moving forward. You can build a better future for yourself. And it starts here. Hang out with Dr. John Delony and I live in a city near you for the money and relationships tour. Starting next week, we'll be in Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Time is running out, so grab your tickets while you can at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Okay guys, I got big news. Aldi is now the official grocery sponsor of The Ramsey Show. Yeah. RAMSEY is teaming up with Aldi, the grocery store that cares as much about saving money as I do get this Aldi branded products save you up to 63% over similar name brand products at other stores. It's great quality and big savings on everything you need with no gimmicks, no membership fees or coupons required. See for yourself how Aldi is saving Americans across the country. $8.3 billion a year. So stop paying more and start shopping at Aldi where they have the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi us


In the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt-free stage. Steve and Michelle are with us. Hey guys, how are you? Hello. Doing Great. Good welcome. Good to have you. Where do you live? Lake Tahoe, Nevada. Alright. Welcome to Nashville. And how much debt have you two paid off? $210,000. Ooh. Yay. And how long did that take? Four and a half years. Alright, love it. And your range of income during that time? It Was 180 2, 2 50. Cool. What do y'all do for a living? She's a teacher and I work for her local fire department. Awesome. That's very cool. What kind of debt was the 210,000? It was the house. Whoa. Looking at weird people. Yeah.


Love that. And Lake Tahoe real estate's. Not exactly cheapo. Yeah. You know. So what, what, what's the, what's the price point on this puppy? What's it worth? Right around 1.6, give or take. Nice, Nice. And it's all paid for? Yes, sir. And on top of that, you've got retirement savings? Yes, sir. Holy smokes. And what, how much have you got in your nest egg? The, not including the pensions? Yeah. Pensions are substantial right Around 500. Wow. How old are you guys? 46. Yeah. We'll be, or 46 be 47 soon. Nice. Wow. Way to go, baby steps millionaires. Yes, sir. How much of this did you inherit?


None. Zero. None. All Right. There it is. Wow. I like it. So you did it a fireman and a teacher with a $2.1 million net worth at 47 years old. Tell me the story. How in the world? Well, we were, we were living the American dream, Which is a nightmare in Our, yeah. In our, in our last house. And we were, you know, house poor paying, had had too much of a mortgage and all the cool toys that the Americans get, you know, and Like firefighters might get 'em Well, yeah, Like the cool truck and the Yeah, the RV and the dirt bikes and everything. Yeah. He's Suspender. And so, you know, we, we got sick and tired of being broke and, and started thinking about our, our twins at the time were getting ready to finish high school.


And so we're thinking more and more about college or trade school, whatever the Next Steps might be. We wanted to set them up for success and So we, we decided to make some, some big changes and just get after it. When did y'all run into RAMSEY stuff? It was right about right about the time we started, really About about five years ago. Yeah. Yeah, about five, six years ago. I had the book financial piece sitting on a shelf for many years but never opened it. And then we got really nervous about the idea of paying for college or trade school. Got out the book and started realizing that we needed to make some changes in order to be able to help fund them once they graduated high school.


Yeah. So, wow. So we started, started, I worked all the overtime I could. She was tutoring on the side and I started selling everything I could get my hands on. And that kind of became, its took a life of its own on and I've kind of put a book together on selling things on Facebook marketplace now. I love it. Ended up with a little bit of an alter ego and, and, and so now I've got a, a book finishing up in the, the phases of editing and design to Good for you. Hopefully publish soon. Yeah. Good for you. All Right. So all 210,000 was the house or was there other debt mixed in just the house?


So, you know, what did you have to, what mindset did you have to have? 'cause a lot of people would go, are you're crazy? Like you're sacrificing to this level to pay off your house. Can't you just, you know, keep it around like the rest, you know? How did you combat that in your mind? Yeah, well, you know, we, when when we dove into the, what I'll deem the RAMSEY lifestyle, you know, we just, we just decided that we didn't, we didn't wanna live as a slave to anybody. I know. That's right. And So we just really buckled down and decided it doesn't matter what anybody's saying, we're, we're ready to be weird and yeah.


Own everything that we've got. We, We got rid of any and all car loans and people thought that was crazy 'cause that's normal. Right. And that really was huge. Yeah. And it all started the spark that lit the flame was the Oh crap moment on college. Yeah, exactly. But what's so cool about that though is that once our kids graduated high school, they both actually chose trade school. Our son's a diesel mechanic in Idaho and our daughter is in cosmetology, but there's tons of scholarships out there for trade school. Like, for example, micro funded, probably the biggest piece of pie for our son. Oh wow. To go to With Microworks.


Yes sir. With Microworks. Yeah. Yeah. And so, no, Mike's A good friend. That's a wonderful, wonderful program they've got. Yeah. An amazing Program. Yes. Yeah. So both the kids, we just started discovering that there's a lot of scholarships out there for trade school and so it's helped them be able to continue with some of the extra money that they didn't have to spend on tuition to be able to get started in their adult life. Yeah. That's exciting. Wow. Very cool. Very cool. Whatcha gonna do to celebrate? Well, we came to Nashville, so we're gonna, we're gonna do some more traveling. Yeah. And then just, just try to give back, you know, we Now the saver over here.


Where, where, what are you buying? The saver. 'cause the saver needs something She's Learned to, she doesn't spend money. She's Learned to spend a little more now. Good. Yeah. So we've been, we've been completely debt free for about six months now. And I, I am turning into this spender. 'cause it's No, you're not. You just relax. What'd you get? What'd you get? What'd you buy? Just more trips. A lot more trips. Trips. Okay. And She says, what do, what do you drive? Well, I drive a 2020 Lexus. That's Not bad. But he drives, She's, she's like, you were sharing saying about Sharon. She drives the gray car. You know, I don't care what I drive. Yeah. I've got a 1990s. She Almost couldn't answer the question.


Yeah. She was struggling. I've got a 1996 F two 50. Now how many times has that been redone? It's, it's in the process still. So this, this is, it's been a slow go. I got a feeling this is not a junk truck. It's a baby. Yeah. Okay. All Right. The pavement princess, my son Calls it. Okay. All Right. I'm the pavement princess. That's funny. Well done. Very fun you guys. Congratulations. We're so proud of you. Thank you. Hey, baby steps millionaires, 47 couple million dollar net worth. And by the way, folks, that's a teacher and a fireman, just write that down. Making 180 to two 50 between 'em, they took on extra jobs, did everything, and the house went up in value dramatically while they were paying off the house in dramatic fashion.


So all of these, all of this dramatic happens together here. There's a whole, whole series of formulas happening at the same time in this story that are all beautiful. And the main one is that you guys looked in the mirror and said, oh, we're not doing this anymore. Yeah. And that, that changes everything. I'm so proud of y'all. Well done. Thank you. How's it feel to be free? Unbelievable. It's amazing. Yeah. Will you ever go back? No. No. Never. The stress level's way too low living like this to go back to what it was. Do Anything you wanna do. And even our marriage, it just feels like we've grown closer together and having to communicate the budget each month and consistently talking about upcoming expenses and how we're gonna afford it and what should we do.


So that's really been a relationship builder for us. Well, you get to tell him which trip you're going on next. Okay. That's what happens at my house. I'm just saying. All Right. I love it. Steve and Michelle Lake, Tahoe, Nevada, $210,000 house and everything. Paid off $2.1 million debt free net worth at 47. True baby steps. Millionaires. They paid off the house in four and a half years. Woo. Making 180 to two 50. Count it down. Let's hear a debt free scream. 3, 2, 1. We're debt free.


Jade, mathematically speaking in America today, there is no reason that everyone listening to this cannot become a millionaire. I agree. I agree. It's very possible. Wholeheartedly. Those two are very sharp individuals. Yeah, they are. But neither one of 'em are doctors or lawyers. Neither one of them have an expensive whatever. That's right. They just worked and worked. They believe they can do it and did it on purpose instead of consumed and consumed and consumed. That's right. They looked up and said, toys are not the answer. He with the most toys when he dies is dead. Excellent stuff guys. Proud of y'all. Well done. This is The Ramsey Show.


All Right.


Business owners last call. The presale for the brand new book. Build a Business You Love Ends April 15 pre-order now and get over $350 worth of free bonus items to help you hire smarter, lead stronger, and grow faster. This is not theory, it's the system I use to grow my company from nothing. And the same framework we've coached thousands of business owners through. You can only get the bonuses at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. So don't wait pre-order now.


Well, it's tax day. Y'all ready? Yeah. Don't wait until the final hours to discover your missing forms or other important info you need to file, you need to get on this now. You can file an extension. Some states have been given extensions by the IRS this week due to natural disaster. But if you're not in one of those, it's time to file your taxes and an extension will give, not, not the IRS extension for natural disaster. But a normal extension does not keep you from owing the taxes. The taxes are still due now and the penalties and the interest will kick in. Now if you don't pay the taxes, even if you file an extension, the extension is only to fi on filing your taxes. Again, that's a normal extension, not one on natural disasters. So don't risk getting hit with these penalties. Get everything done. If you, if you've got a quick, easy return, just jump on Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax. Download our smart tax software. It's very, very inexpensive. It's 100% accurate and it's easy. And you can do it in just a few minutes. Literally, if you have a simple return, a 10 40 easy type thing, you're gonna do this so fast, it's gonna be unbelievable. Don't put this off, don't try to avoid taxes. Denial is not a strategy. It's a river. Okay. So in, in Egypt. So you need to check that out. Get your taxes done. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax.


Jasmine is with us in Washington, DC Hi Jasmine, how are you? Hi Dave, how are you? I'm good. Good. How can We help? Hey, so actually you mentioned the taxes. What precipitated this whole entire question? So I realized through doing my taxes, that I had paid about 8.8 K in interest this year. And then I got a little bit of a return, but not 8.8 k back. And I've always heard a lot of people say like, oh, like your interest is like a tax write off. And I have been thinking about paying my mortgage off for quite a bit. So numbers, basically I have one 65,000 on my principal.


I have 180 5 currently and a high yield savings account. That's not all my savings. I do have about 40 k and a Roth IRA. I don't have Debt. Do you have other debt? No, I don't have any car payment. No. What's Your household income? It's just me. I'm about 131. How old are you in a year old are you? I'm 30. Good for you. Well done. Yeah, great job. Okay, so you owe 165, you have 185 in the high yield savings plus other money. You have no debt. You make 131. And your question is, should I pay off my mortgage because somebody said I need the tax deduction for the interest rate. Well, it's that, but my other concerns are just the six months that I have, I, that leaves me with about 20 K.


I've always had like 30 at my six months savings just to Buffer. I thought you had 40 in the other account. That's in my Roth, IRA. Oh, I see. Okay. So why couldn't you, that I, why couldn't you leave the amount in your high yield savings that you would denote as your, what makes you comfortable within the three to six month range? Pay off what you can and then cashflow the rest. Wait a minute, why would three months not be 30 K? No, I did six, six months. Sorry. I know, but you, why would three months? It's three to six months In my head I, I think I'm just like a over like, Possibly you're a really good saver. Like I, I wanna feel safe that that's fair.


Like I know at one point I definitely 30,000 Would, so how much are you paying on your house every month? My mortgage is 14. A little bit more than 14 of them. My HOA is 400, so about 1850. If you wanna, you pay Extra on it. I do. How much I honestly pay, like it just depends on spurts of like, I like to see my numbers even. So if it says it's at like 16.527, I'm gonna pay 527 extra just to keep numbers even. But you average paying about 500 bucks a month extra on a 1400 principal and interest payment plus HOA, right?


I would say yeah, that's pretty Fair. So $2,000 a month could go into a savings account if you didn't have this payment, right? I, yeah, I, yeah. Yeah. I make a point Now. Plus your other savings that you're already doing. Yes. How Long has it taken you to bill this 180 5? So I did maybe not the smartest thing back in December. I did end up two of my 4 0 1 Ks. I did end up cashing those out because I had been thinking about doing this mortgage payoff, but it was only about 67 that was from there. And then the rest was just, How old were you? I'm 30.


So you took 67,000, you cashed out a $67,000 401k with the thought that you might pay off your mortgage with it. Yeah. You Know, you, you know, you're gonna get, have you filed your taxes yet? Whew. I did. That's you got Destroyed So ironic. I, I put more. Okay. So that was what I netted from that 401k withdrawal I did. Yeah. But I mean, you got destroyed. They, they taxed you 10% plus your tax rate. Yeah. So you got hit with a $30,000 tax bill for doing that crap. Yeah. Oh my God. Did you foresee that? Did you know that that was gonna happen? I did.


I kinda, in my head, I I feel like I should have called you guys before I did that. Yeah. Yeah. We would've yelled at it. Shoulda, Coulda, would've. I guess what, I guess what I was trying to understand is you did that knowing the implications of it, but yet you're still like, wait, but now I'm unsure about paying off the mortgage at this point. You better be sure and just gone and do it. Yeah. Since you took the hit for It. You need to write a check tonight and pay off a mortgage. Mm. Okay. Yeah. I'm Sorry. I mean, otherwise it was all for Naugh. Okay. Have you paid the tax bill? Oh no. You've already, you're withholding it so stinking high. Have you adjusted your withholding back down now that the taxes are cleared? No, I haven't done that. I, Yeah, I need to adjust that back down so you got more money coming home. You'll have a ton of money coming home from the adjusted W four and then you're gonna, because you've been over withholding to cover this ridiculous mistake.


And so, and you're not gonna have a house payment anymore after tonight. And so you're gonna be able to save three to $5,000 a month. So you're gonna put this money back in no time. So that that's what night. Buy a check tonight and pay off your mortgage honey And never borrow from your 401k again, Never, never cash out your 401k Okay. Ever. Until you absolutely have to have it for money, for food. But other than that, don't cash it out. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now, and here's the thing. I've been doing this 35 years. I've told people for 35 years pay off your mortgage. You know the number of hate letters I have gotten or critical calls from people that said I paid off my mortgage.


Dave RAMSEY, I hate you. Zero. I Feel like that's small. Zero. Yeah. We can bail our hate mail from ridiculous trollish morons. We get stacks of stuff in here every day criticizing everything we do. But no one that has actually been the person who paid off their mortgage has ever complained about paying off their mortgage. I've never had one complaint on that. Now I have a lot of complaints with a lot of people that have theories about a lot of things and they're broke people with money. The theories, which is actually kind of cute. But, but no one who's actually been the person that paid off the mortgage goes, oh, that was a huge mistake. I shouldn't have done that.


Oh, I'll never build wealth. Now they all call me back and go, this is the smartest thing I've ever done in my life. Well, I mean, Pay it off tonight. If you Say you pay off your house and you hate it, you can always get another mortgage. Exactly. Just run, get you another one. If you hate being out of debt, call the bank up. They'll help you. They love to help people like that. They definitely, and I've never had anybody take me up on that. You know, I've never heard of it. I, I was, I was laying awake at night 'cause debt free was keeping me up and so I had to go get a mortgage. I've never had that call. I've gotten some crazy butt calls on this show in 35 years, but I've never gotten that call. No, I've never heard it. That's one we don't get. So you're gonna, my point is, Jasmine, you're gonna feel so different as soon as you hit the submit button, you're gonna go, whoa.


You know, like you just were walking around 300 pound weight vest on and you took it off and set it on the floor. You're gonna breathe deeper than you've ever breathed in your life. What you think this, the feeling of security you think you're getting from that savings account. I'm gonna 10 exit and say, that's the feeling you're gonna get from having a paid for house. That's wonderful. People do not equate it the same that are savers. That's wonderful. But savers even discover that debt freedom takes a weight off of you like nobody's business. Yeah. You can start saving 5,000 bucks a month in a year. You'll have another 60,000 in there in two years. You'll have another 120,000 in there. That's right. Not counting the other stuff you do. Wow. Way to go, Jasmine. I'm proud of you.


Pay it off tonight.