
Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. Me and Dr. John Delony are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. It's happening soon, so don't wait. Get your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life, specifically with your money in your profession, and in your relationships alongside the incomparable, the delightful George Kamel.


I'm Ken Coleman. Excited to be with you all. George, are you ready to go today? I'm, it's a Friday. You're not mailing it in? No, I don't even know how to do that. I'm a millennial. Come on. I don't mail anything. There you go. That's a very good point. You don't even know what a stamp is. I'll explain that to him during the commercial break. But we're here for you, America, Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Now we're gonna coach you on saving your money, investing your money, making more money. That's what George and I do together and I will warn you ahead of time, we have fun. This is serious stuff, but we also have fun while we're doing it. Gotta bring some levity to it. Yeah. Or else we get bored and we don't want that. By the way, great looking studio audience today here on the other side of the glass.


So we'd love to see you sometime if you wanna come join and watch the show live. We'd love to see you. All Right, let's get started. Triple eight eight two five five two two five again is The phone number. Rob starts us off in Hartford, Connecticut. Bob, oh, excuse me. Rob, How can we help today? Hi George. Hi Ken. Thanks for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So got married about six months ago. Hey, and I'm trying to dig us out of this ginormous hole that our prior divorces some poor decisions and a severe case of Can't Say No to Wife iis. Hold on a second. Hold on. What was that? A severe case of what? Can't say no to Wife iis. Wow. I liked that. I thought that deserved you.


You ran through that too quick. Can't say no to wife itis. Yeah, I've got a similar case. It's called Can't Say No to Daughter Isis. My 16 year olds got me wrapped around her finger. I really strongly that I don't think insurance covers those. Sorry guys. It doesn't, yeah, No, unfortunately it's A preexisting condition. So, but yeah, so long story short, we're probably about 250 K in the hole right now, not including the house. Part of that is, like I said, the divorces hit both of us pretty hard. I also got in a car accident in December and then lost my job the next day.


Oh gosh. So I had a a like three or four month span that was really tough on us. But I am trying to, you know, we, we make decent income So we have enough, we have a little bit of margin. So I'm starting obviously maybe step two trying to get going on that. But the thing that kills me is I understand the concept of the smallest to largest, but the problem is almost all of our small debts are all 0% and we have large debts that are 28%. And it drives me nuts that I'm gonna spend, you know, 12 months paying off 15 $20,000 worth of 0% while the 30% is accruing a thousand dollars a month in interest.


And I was thinking, you know, we can take a HELOC cut that rate by 70%, it adds another 800 to a thousand dollars that we can roll into the snowball and get done, you know, eight months to a year faster. Rob, you are rearranging the chairs on the Titanic my friend. This is not gonna be the solution you're looking for and I don't, I know you can crunch the numbers and see how much you're paying an interest and that should make you angry. But here's the deal. The people that actually get outta debt, they don't just move around their debts and get new debts to cover the old debts and pay off the big debt before the, they just do the debt snowball and get so frustrated and so angry that they're willing to work as much as it takes to get rid of the next debt and get rid of the next debt, freeing up that next payment.


And you're gonna lose all of that momentum trying to tackle this giant mountain of the biggest debts with the biggest interest rate. Yeah. So the question is, what are you willing to do and sacrifice to use your savings and future income to get outta this? Yeah, well, are there stuff we Can sell in this 250 k? Are there cars involved? I, I recently sold my video game collection for like $5,000. Hey, that's a Start. That, but that was painful, but Well you got no time to play video games. You're gonna have four jobs for the next three years. Yeah, That's, I'm looking at getting a another job to, to try and bring in some more income to, to tackle this. Yeah. Now you, you kept saying I'm gonna start the debt snowball. Where is your wife in all of this?


She's there. She is in the other room. No, I mean is she a willing participant in this process? She's in the or is she like, Hey, knock yourself out trying to get rid of this debt. I'm gonna go be over here buying stuff. Yes. She's actually volunteered to get a second job as well, but I I, she did that before with her ex-husband who had no inhibition at all. So I don't really want her to have to do that again. Well, why you're projecting something if she's willing to get a second job. The answer is thanks babe. That's awesome. What are you the knight and shining armor for the last deadbeat? The second job was not Gonna work together on this. Yeah, her last marriage was not crushed because of her second job.


It was crushed because of a lot of other reasons and a lack of unity. And what this shows me is that you are actually creating unity. 'cause both of you have skin in the game and you're walking through this together. Can we dig in the numbers? George, Please. Alright, I'm gonna facilitate. I love this 'cause You're, you're the, you're the money guru. Alright Rob, I want you to, to just walk George through a couple of the, let's just do the lowest, the smallest two debts in the debt snowball and tell us what the month, the minimum monthly payment is on those. Walk us through those. The smallest two are, I think my Apple card is like 500 bucks and I think there's a, a Samsung card that's like 1500 bucks.


Both of those are at 0%. Right. So what's your minimum payments on those? 58 and 1 33. Alright, so now, now let's go to the next level up. What's, what's the small, the third? Let's go up the, let's go. You know what I'm trying to say? I'm struggling. It's a Friday folks. What are the next two? The next two debts? Yeah, I mean we got like 2200 and then, then it starts to jump from the 2200. We got, it goes up to about six. Okay. And Then so what are the minimum payments on the 2200 and the 6,000 2200 is, well that's a, that's another Apple card. So the way they do that is installments on your phones.


I don't care. I don't care. I just wanna know what the monthly it's hundred bucks. 400 bucks a month. You're paying towards that for, These are for iPhones For that one is, yeah, I think we can sell some iPhones. We can rock some iPhone eights, right? I I, theoretically, yes. I think there's only two payments left on it, so. All Right. You said it's 2200 bucks, You know it's more than two payments. That's A whole lot of money to me, but, so Rob, what I'm trying to do, do what? I'm trying to get George in here. George, I'm trying to show him there's more. That's 600 bucks in payments. Thank you. On the first three Debts. I knew you would pick up the ball if I passed it to you. Do you see the real momentum here Rob? Like we're talking about real savings quicker than trying to pay off the other cards that, I mean the, the the the high interest stuff, like you need some momentum in this deal.


But I yeah, I understand that. I wasn't really saying I'm gonna switch to paying off the highest one. 'cause I know that doesn't work in our Credit credit before I know what you said said, you said you wanted to do the HELOC for it. We get it. Yeah, but we're just trying to help you get some momentum. We, I'm not the, the momentum is the issue. Dave has proven this for decades through people who followed it. It is about momentum. That's what we're trying to help you understand, George. Yeah. Behavior is what got us here. Not interest rates, not math. And so I know it, the interest rate is the easiest thing to get mad at. Instead of looking in the mirror and being mad at Rob and man, you, you are dealt some cards that nobody should be dealt with. But here we are on the other side and the only way out is through it. And that's the debt snowball method.


So hang on the line. I'm gonna send you guys my book, breaking Free from Broke along with Financial Peace University, you and your wife, sit down, watch all the lessons, listen to the audio book, read the book, get fired up. Get five jobs. And if your marriage isn't better at the end of this thing, then we've done our jobs wrong. 'cause I'm telling you, that's the kind of unity that the debt snowball creates. Yeah. Alright, quick break. I'm gonna try on George's bomber jacket, see if it fits and we'll be back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work if you become a victim. It's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Thrilled to have you with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's go to Salt Lake City, Utah. And Sean is joining us there. Sean, How can we help today? Hey guys, I'm currently an ultrasound tech kind of functioning as a travel nurse. I make pretty good money currently. I'm wondering if it's worthwhile to go back to physician's assistant school for two years and in career lake 120 5K in debt to make a little more money long term. Okay, let's, let's break that down. You, you set it up wonderfully. Sure. You just, I I need to get some facts. How much are you making now?


So I probably make like 3000 a week. So probably like 140 year. 'cause that takes some time off. So maybe a little less, but somewhere in that ballpark. So I make good money now, but if I was to go back and be a regular person and not do the travel thing, I'd probably make 80 to 90 and I'm kind of tired of doing, doing the travel thing. So I'd like to sit down in a spot for a while and no, I got it. Keep traveling forever. Alright, So, so if you, let's just fast forward and let's say you got the 125, excuse me, 125,000 in cash to cashflow becoming a physician's assistant. If I heard you correct, what would, what would be your range of income as a physician's assistant? Probably starting out like 110 and then have to go from there.


Okay. Be my best guess. All Right. And okay, so how long, if you weren't allowed to take out a loan, how long would it take you to come up with the money off your current income? Because you're making pretty good money. I wrote you down as between 1 25 and one 40 based on how kind of loose you were with that. So, so I think that's a good range. How long would it take you to cashflow your way to come up with the cash to do it without the loan? Maybe? I have no idea. I'd have to sit down and do the crunch numbers. Probably at least a year. I'd imagine at least like, probably two years. Yeah, I was gonna say there's no way. Don't own you only, you're only making a hundred. I don't own Go ahead Sean.


Yeah, I don't own a home either, so that's the other thing. I would like to own a home in the Okay. But we gotta solve the first problem. The first. So it's a bit the first Shawn for sure. So Sean, I want you to take a deep breath and slow down a little bit. I'm gonna actually do all the heavy lifting for you and walk you through this. All Right. So let me, let me guide you through this. So the first problem we've gotta solve is you want to get off the road of being a travel nurse. That's just, it's, it's, it's just a quality of life issue. I think that makes a lot of sense. That's the first problem to solve, not the house. Correct. True. That's house is part of it. But yes, for sure that I know, but I'm helping you by, by understanding what your priorities are. So that's your priority.


So the the move for you is as well, I'm gonna take a a pretty significant hit if I don't have the physician's assistant situation. If I jump back just to traditional nursing, I'm gonna take a pretty big hit. Correct? Correct. Okay. So we start looking at, okay, when we coach people, we want to help you come up with the decision. Let's not tell you what to do. And So we look at, okay, I'm single, I wanna save for a house and I wanna get off the road, but I'm making really good money now I do take a little bit of downtime. So which is the most important goal? Is it to be a physician's assistant and also make a round one 10?


Is that a huge priority for you career wise? Not the biggest. I mean, I really like my job currently. It's just more of, I guess long term. Like what I can do when I'm 60, 65. Yeah. How old are you now? A job that I'm, I just turned 40. Alright. You're a young guy. Okay, so going through these priorities, Sean, I'm gonna take the greatest opportunity that I have to stack cash that would then allow me to set myself up when I am 60. So you don't wanna be traveling nurse when you're 60, but you got 20 years to get that physician's assistant degree. So putting yourself in the debt, in debt right now to me seems completely nonsensical.


You know, we're not for debt. You knew that when you called us. Right? But forget our philosophical policy. I mean our philosophical beliefs about this, it, I don't care who you are in your position, I just think you gotta be a little bit patient and it just, why put yourself in $125,000 worth of debt when in your case you don't actually have to, you like your job, you're making really good money. George, I wanna bring you in here because even if you had a, even if you weren't anti debt like we are, yeah, it still doesn't make any sense given where he is in his life. And I've been crunching the numbers, Sean, and based on just some quick research entry level PA in your area, probably making 90 grand, which is what you said you'd make just getting off the road.


Now, long term you could make closer to 1 10, 10, 1 30. But this is not a significant jump to go 125 grand into debt or to even cash flow. Well He is actually gonna go backwards from where he is now. Exactly. So I would to Ken's point, be very patient about this and just stack up cash and live like you're a broke college student right now. 'cause if you can put away, you know, 40 grand a year in two years, this thing's cash flowed and then two years from that, you're a pa. Let's Got time. Let's, that's right Sean, let's play this out. You do what George just said. You, you're only two years of patience there and then now you're stacking cash for the house. That's true. And I also saw instate cost for like example University of Utah in-state costs should be closer to like 82 grand for this program.


So where was the 125? Was that a specific university you were wanting to go to? That's a specific university. Just because my degrees are old and there's not very many places double except my credit since they're so old. Have you checked all around? Like have you went to the most affordable options and went, will you take my credits? Can I get into this program? I feel like there's some more homework To be done. Yeah, I've checked quite, yeah, I've checked quite extensively and I have two bachelor degrees previously. They're just, my credits are so old. So it, if I, if I applied like say Salt Lake, I'd have to take numerous classes over again. Like chemistry, o chem And you couldn't out of Et cetera. No, I just wanna say if we can save 40 grand just by doing some homework and research, I'd rather do that than just say yes to the first one that takes me and use student loan debt to do it.


Correct. No, I, I totally with you. I just, my limited, my options are limited to go back to school based upon my educational, like past and how distant it is as far as like the medical field goes. Yeah. Well I mean we, we've told you what we would do. We, we just wanna save you that burden of debt. You just don't need it. Nobody needs debt. You really don't need it in this situation. Let's go to Scott in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Scott, How can we help? Hello Scott? Hi. How's it going? Good. How can we help? So I am 20. I am 23. I have been dating my significant other for about six years now.


And marriage is definitely on the near horizon. Gee Whiz. I would hope so. Six years. I'm kind of struggling. I'm exhausted already. I'm exhausted. Can Imagine. Well, everybody tells us we're young. How old are you? You're 23. I'm three. So the high school sweetheart situation and you're like, All Right, we kind of have our bearings. We're we're outta school at this point. Working full-time? Yes, we're both working full-time. Okay. And you wanna propose in the next six to 12 months? Yes. I was thinking within the next, next year. Okay. What's Your question?


So I'm just wondering, so we've also been thinking of a house as well and I just feel like it, it makes me nervous, you know, all of these expenses coming up so soon. You know, you have the engagement ring, the wedding, the honeymoon, and then obviously a house. And you know, everybody seems to be putting 15 to 20% down. Who is everybody? Everybody's broke. You know, that would be, I don't know who everybody, I mean it's rare. Lot of people I work with. I've never met a 23-year-old who's about to get married who's like, yeah, we're ready to buy a house, buy a ring, get the wedding and do it all in cash. Here's what most people do. They go, we'll finance it and we'll start our marriage off in crippling debt and hope for the best.


Yeah, that's normal. And so I want you to be weird Scott. And that means, hey, maybe a newlywed couple can just rent for a year or two or three, get their bearings underneath them and get a good down payment under their feet before going, well we're married. Gotta have a nice house. Gotta have a nice car. Yeah. So I would focus on one thing at a time. Next up is the ring. Yeah, we're gonna do a reasonable ring. One month salary max. I don't care how wonderful she is. It's not about the ring she deserves. It's about the one you can afford. Next, let's make sure we can cashflow this wedding between family and ourselves. Next, let's talk about the honeymoon. All Right, I'm gonna pay for a reasonable honeymoon. Next we can talk about emergency funds and down payments and all that good stuff. So hang on the line, I'm gonna send you a financial peace university. This is the roadmap for any newlywed couple.


If you guys get aligned on this, it will bode very well for the success of your future marriage. Hmm. That's good. George. One thing at a time. That's it. It's very simple. So we're such in a rush at 23. Yeah. Wow. Got a lot of life ahead of mass, Ken. Yes, Scott. It's much older. So much older. And by the way, the young thing, I got married at 23. This is, you're not too young. Alright, we gotta take a break. During the break I'm gonna cheer with George. What I've learned about bread. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get outta debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. So glad that you are with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Many of you listen to us. Watch us because you want to invest and invest wisely. And the reality is, is that investing can be very intimidating, certainly confusing. And you never want to take investing advice on a TikTok. You, you, you need to dive deep. And so to that end, our investing essentials virtual event is gonna teach you everything you need to know. It's coming up March four and five. Ticket started at $199. This is a two night event as you can tell by the dates Dave RAMSEY and George Kamel are, are collaborating on this event.


You're gonna get Dave's personal playbook on real estate investing and George is gonna do a deep dive as well. George, you wanna give a a little snip Snippet a a rehearsal this morning. Oh. And man, the stuff we have planned for how to choose exact mutual funds in your plan. Oh good. So that you can invest with confidence. That's great. We're getting a lot of questions about this and we're gonna just lay it all out in a way where you leave so much more confident about your whole investing plan. We're gonna take it all and just make it simple. There's so much noise out there and we're just gonna go, here's the 17 things you need to know and nothing else. Yeah. And so it's gonna be a really good time. Looking forward to it. Tickets 1 99, that's a good deal for five hours worth of coaching from Dave RAMSEY himself.


And we're taking your questions as well so you can email those in if you get your tickets. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events or click the link in the show notes if you're on podcast or YouTube. Don't miss it. We're not, you know, we're not doing this again this year. That's right. You were talking about, you know, all the complexity out there around investing. That's why I was telling you during the break about what I've learned about sourdough bread. I saw you took a sourdough class of, now you're an expert. Well, there's a lot out there. What do you do with the starter? How much do you feed it? There's a lot of things out there. Well, It's much like investing. Well I signed up for the sourdough class. It's simple, but you gotta do it the right way and you gotta have patience. That's right. You can't rush the process. So There you go. I just wanna tie all that in together there, George. See I signed up. Beautifully done. You all need to sign up for this investing class if you don't understand it.


'cause it's a class. Let's just be honest. Two night event gonna be great. And maybe George will tell you a little bit about what I've told him about the game of Telephone bread. It's too risky. We'll See. Let's go to Minneapolis now where Jacob is waiting for us. Jacob, How can we help today? Hey, I thank you for taking my call first of all. Yeah. I was curious as to where I should start with my money. I recently had a change in careers or chose to change careers and I feel a little bit lost on where to go from here. Okay, so you changed from what? Making what to what?


Making what? So I used to be a CNC machinist making about $25 an hour. I have changed careers to, I'm going to school to become a nurse. Currently I am a CNA making about 1850 an hour. Okay. How soon will you be out of the schooling and then making nurse money? And what will that be? It should be December of 2026. Okay. And what will you be making? I believe starting in my area is anywhere from 38 to 40 an hour. Okay, so a temporary step back in order to step forward.


Correct. Yeah. Okay, great. I got no problem with that. It's very strategic. Okay. So be more specific when you said to George and I, I I don't know where to start. What, what specifically, How can we help where, where's the area that you're not sure what to do next? So when I decided to change jobs, I also decided to change cities. Change where I live, I live in a little bit more of an expensive area and I am completely out of debt. I have about 5,000, $5,000 in my savings for an emergency fund. And I'm trying to decide, you know, at the moment I have a couple hundred dollars after the paycheck hits of room to work with.


Good. And I'm not sure if I should be investing, you know, at least a little bit. I am 25 years old and I'm not sure if I should be investing that money or if I should just kind of keep stashing that away. Sure. Especially since I'm in such a volatile area. Great. Of my life being in school. Yeah. Great question. Are you familiar with our baby steps? I am, yes. Okay. Okay. So you're in baby step three. 5,000 feels too tight for me for a fully funded emergency fund. So I would take those few extra a hundred bucks and start stashing it on top of your 5,000 until you have closer to 10 or 15 depending on what your monthly expenses are. The bigger question is, is if, sorry if I missed this. Is your entire schooling cash flowed from here on out?


Yes. I, I actually qualify for a, for it to be paid for. Completely Amazing. Okay. That's great news. I don't have To pay anything so there's no fear we're gonna have to come out of pocket for school. Yeah. Except for like books and stuff. Okay. I've got all the books for the rest of my time in school. I've bought all those books that I, cashflow that that's done and over with. Then you're in a really good spot. You're cash flowing school. You're gonna be going from making, you're gonna double your income by December of 2026, which gives me a, you know, great joy. And then you'll be moving on to investing once you have that fully funded emergency fund, which will likely happen before you finish School. And so I think we wanna get you investing, but you gotta get that fully funded emergency fund.


'cause right now it could take one or two emergencies to wipe out that entire savings account. Sure. Do you know your monthly expenses off the top of your head There? It, it kind of depends. It kind of seems like things have been popping up just about every single month lately. But anywhere from, on a normal month, I'd say anywhere from 1000 to 1200 a month. Whoa. I'm very blessed. What is your rent? With my, my, my rent is actually the majority of it rent is about 900 a month. But I don't pay for electricity, water, internet, none of that stuff. That stuff is paid for for me. So, by Who?


My parents. Okay. How old are you? 25. And you're married? No, no. I am in a relationship but I'm not Married. Okay. You said the girlfriend. Okay. I wasn't sure. I'm sorry. Okay. Wow. 25 years old and mom and dad are paying all your utilities. That's a sweet deal. That's a good deal if you can get it. I don't think I like it very much, but I think it's time to cut the umbilical cord. Is the agreement that this is until you get through school or longer than that? Yeah. Yeah. Once I, once I graduate and I'm making the money, I plan on moving out and kind of doing my own thing.


Okay. Oh, you're living with them. I miss that too. Okay. All Right. That makes a lot more sense. All Right. There you go. Well, thanks for the call. Yeah. I mean, you're, you're on the way and I love that you're thinking about the margin and George gave you great advice. I keep it simple. Just stack it up. 'cause as soon as you graduate, there's probably gonna be more expenses coming your way as you start out on your own. Yeah. Your own adult life. Yeah. All Right. Let's go to John and Pittsburgh. John, How can we help? Hey. Hi John. We got about two and a half minutes. Hit me with your question. My question is, is I'm in baby step two and I just got an opportunity to move to another city. I was wondering if you guys think that's a horrible idea or Tell me about the opportunity.


Is it for work? It is for work. I'm currently located in Pennsylvania and the opportunity would be moving me to Dallas-Fort Worth area. Is it more money? It would be more money. How much? Almost another 30 k on top of what I'm making now. Okay. I like that. Is it in the same industry? Same industry. It would be a higher position too. So, nice. It'd be doing what I'm doing now, but sort of managing people and overseeing an operation for a client. Right. Do you think that sets you up to continue to climb a ladder that you've sort of envisioned, you can see continued growth as a result of this move? Yes.


It's a no brainer. What, what would be the reason for not saying yes and calling us to get our take? So, I'm married. We have a son. How old? They're attach. The son is seven. Okay. My wife is two. What's the attachment? The school attachment. My wife just started a new job that she loves. We also have three horses here on our property that no one wants to get rid of. Of course. Who could get rid of a horse? I can't imagine if The horses weren't the issue or your wife getting a brand new job, would you be doing this? And, and, and, and automatically. Quick answer, Without a, without a doubt, Can you negotiate a relocation bonus?


Oh, I just to cover those expenses. I don't think that's the issue, George. I think it's Kendall. He's, He's got bigger problems with Fry. Ken wife. I think the biggest issue is this. Can his wife find a job doing something similar that she enjoys? I think that's the issue. The horses boy. Oh boy. I'm not touching that one with a 10 foot Pole. I will, I will sell the horses. Sell the horses. Is that like a, oh, I forgot. You've got a lot of controversy around that. Huh? It's called PTSD Ken. Mm, I got it. Well, we'll talk about the equine population during the break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend Health Trust Financial. They've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years, and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. Health Trust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one-stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to health trust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. All Right, folks, for those of you who are aware of the baby steps, how are you doing? How are you tracking along? If you wanna take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan, we've got it for you. All you gotta do is go to the show notes, click on the link titled, Are You On Track with the Baby Steps and complete the Quiz. And there's some real value in this. George, tell 'em why. Well, a lot of people just, you gotta know where you are, to know where, where you're going. And if it'll give you a really clear next step to take in the RAMSEY plan with tools, resources, articles, you name it.


And so this is a great way to just jump in, send this link to a friend who isn't aware of us. And I gotta say, Ken, I really appreciated the Joey Trini. How are you doing? Yeah, at the very beginning. You see what I did? Yeah. I really sold It. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Friends, it's one of the greatest shows of all time. So there you go. How Are you doing on the baby steps? Go find out. Click the link in the Show notes. How are you doing? Do they have a, how you doing in Boston? Yeah, I don't, it's a little more aggressive and probably has more expletives, but you know, gimme A PG version of How you doing? Oh my goodness. Bostonian. What's up my guy. Okay. Something like that. Okay. I like it. What's up guy? I like that. I like that. That's My Ben Afflecks. That's Fanta. You did well by the way. And by the way, goes with the bomber jacket. Thank you. I think the accent works very Tough.


Yeah. Let's go to Lynn in Madison, Wisconsin. Lynn, How can we help? Hi guys. I do need your help. Well, good news. We have got help to give. I mean, I can't think of two guys that are more helpful than us. So you're in good news. Well, good. Well, Yeah, I have, I'm hoping to get a dispute settled between My husband and I. Oh, I love dispute. Oh, it's between you and your husband. It is. All Right. Let me ask this before we get going. Is he by chance in the room with you? He is not. Okay. Alright. He is not. I wish he were. I Do too. 'cause I am now starting this new trend here, George. We've done this one or two times. We get both of them on the phone and Yeah, that's more fun. It is more fun.


Okay. We'll hear one side. All Right, Lynn, let's go. Let's hear your side and his side. Okay. All Right. Well, the question is, I wanna know if I'm a Ramsey Solutions hypocrite. Oh, Yeah. I'm fighting where I like how you lead off here. We'll see if you're a Pharisee. Go ahead. All Right. All Right. Well, some quick background. All Right. This is a second marriage for both of us. We were just married this past December. Okay. I am age 58. Okay. She's age 54. We have a total of four adult children, two on each side. And I think a, a key thing for me was I was a single mom for 17 years.


So my kids were two and three when I was divorced. And I paid maintenance and I paid child support. I carried the healthcare and I paid for all the incidental for my kids. I found Ramsey Solutions after a layoff that scared me to death. So the stress left me, you know, in not a great place. And I, I dug into the RAMSEY plan. I bought in, I listened, I did Financial Peace University, and I started with a net worth of 170,000. Okay. My life insurance was more than my net worth. Hmm. So coming into the marriage, I was baby step seven with a net worth of 1.9 million.


Hey, Way to go, Lynn. It was a lot of, well, it was a lot of, yeah. Small vacations at the local park. You're A rockstar. Don't mess with mama Bear. Lynn, you, you listen. Let's just call that out. That's hard work. Good for you. Thank you. It was hard work, but it was worth it. 'cause now here I am. Right. So baby, step seven. And now my husband, he came to the marriage with a net worth of 150,000. Oh, okay. And he was one of those guys who never found debt. He didn't like, he had car loans, he had a boat loan, he had credit cards. He kind of had everything. And obviously since we're married, we financially got into the same place. So I introduced him to Ramsey Solutions, you know, gave him financial Peace University.


We went through that and he, he's come aboard. So we've eliminated the credit card debt. The car loan got rid of everything I wanted going into the marriage. I wanted a prenup. And this is where the dispute came. Okay. And I wanted the, the prenup to state that if we divorced, I wanted to, the 625,000 that I was putting into paying off our residence accounted for. Now that was, if we divorced, I also asked for a death clause that states that should I die, he gets the house in the entirety. And there's no splitting it with my estate or anything like that.


Doug either would be his. So it's just a divorce. If there was a divorce, I want be accounted for. And then anything above and beyond that would be split equitably. And it, and it's our intent that our retirement accounts would remain separate. So the principal of our retirement accounts would remain separate if we draw anything out to pay for things for us. That's all commingled and everything that all my, all the other cash, everything would be split equally if we were, if we divorced, I wouldn't be saying like, oh, well, we paid off the car while we were married, so, and my cash paid that off, or whatever it was. None of that. So what specifically, what specifically is he calling hypocritical?


That I wanted a prenup. Just a prenup. Did he have any? But was he fine with certain parts of the, that agreement? You just laid out a list. Was he against all of those things? All of those things. He is like, absolutely. This is ridiculous. I can't believe that you're gonna have, you're gonna be asking for a prenup once we're married, we're married, and everything should be equal. I'm like, well, it is equal. I'm just saying if we get divorced, because I've been divorced before and I'm now 58. Yeah. If I split half, which Wisconsin is a 50 50 state. Yeah. I don't, I don't have time to recoup that again. All Right. So And how long have you been married? Two months.


I'm gonna ask a stupid question, George, that I think you know the answer to. I may not try. Me. Can can you get a prenup post-marriage postnuptial? You can, yeah. Oh, we, no, we have the document now. We have it now. Oh, So he didn't want it, but you went ahead and got it drawn up anyway. Yep. We got it drawn up. He was, we got to a place where those were the things we agreed on. I was trying to explain like, hey, all the ev we're sharing all bank accounts, we're sharing everything. No, no, I get all that. I get all that. So the que So is it signed? It's signed. The prenup was signed before our wedding. Yes. But he just resents you. But why Are you calling us again? Yeah, I'm, I, so what's the dispute? It's all, this is all moot point, right?


No, no. I'm still a hypocrite. I'm A RAMSEY Hypo, he's with Those his words. And I don't, I'm not truly into the Ramsey Solutions. Okay, well, just let me free you of all of this. There's no hypocrites here. There's no RAMSEY Bible that you've sinned against. Prenups are a very nuanced thing. And usually what we say is, unless there's a massive gap in net worth and yours, it truly is not like a, oh my gosh, you're bringing millions and millions in, you have a family business. There's massive generational wealth here. We're talking about someone who prepared for retirement and someone who's just getting started. And it sounds like he's on the same page. You're on the same plan now. So you're on the edge of like, is this even necessary? But I understand with your backstory that you're just going, Hey, I just can't be left out in a lurch, you know, not unable to retire if something were to happen.


So I think you both need to go to counseling and deal with the underlying trust and communication issues. But there's no hypocrites here. You did nothing wrong, quote unquote. So let me release you of that, that no one's gonna quote win The argument. Yeah. We don't have like a blanket policy on that. No. It's just most people don't need one. Yeah. And the guy goes, well, I'll make 40 grand and she makes 20. I need no, dude, you don't need a prenup. This is, we're talking about protecting your stuff from the crazy family around you. Yeah. Not from each other. Yeah. And had you called us, had you called us before you got it signed? I would've said same thing that George said, but I would've said, I personally would not do one, because I feel like a prenup is an acknowledgement that we could finish this thing and end this thing.


And I'm not judging anybody that's been divorced. I want everybody to hear this. I'm not judging anybody. Okay. I am blessed to come from, my wife and I both come from families where our parents have been married over 50 years. So we have a, a heritage that we inherit, we inherit, we saw it. And when Stacey and I got married, there was no out. And we've been married 27 years, and there have been times it's been very, very hard. There's no out, now that's our position. I'm not prescribing that to anybody. I'm not proselytizing today. But I would say that, I would've said ahead of time, I want you to go to counseling, because you've got some very natural fears, Lynn.


And I understand, I'm empathetic to go, if I were in your shoes, I could see where you could get to that point and wanna protect yourself. You've been burned, but so is he. And I think that this should have been counseling on the front end. You should not have forced this. I'm gonna say something crazy here. If it were me, I'd tear it up. Woo. And then I'd go to counseling. I think you forced the issue on this, and I think you gotta re redo it. That's what I would do. Oh boy. Here come the hate mail. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, I'm Jade Warshaw and I wanna talk to you for a quick second about student loan refinancing. If your payment and your interest rate are burying you and you feel like you can't dig out refinancing your student loan debt might make sense. That's because a lower rate could free up more money in your budget. And a shorter term could help you pay down your debt faster. So reach out to the student loan refinancing experts today@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY. There you'll find helpful resources like a student loan rate table, a refinancing calculator, and other tools. Plus you can get an initial rate in just a few minutes. Laurel Road offers low competitive rates starting under 5%, and you can get your interest rate even lower if you sign up for auto pay. But if your situation is more complex, sign up for a free 30 minute consultation with one of their student loan refinancing experts to get your tough questions answered. Listen, not everybody should refinance their student loan, so make sure you run the numbers. But for some people, it is the right move. Learn more@laurelroad.com slash RAMSEY to find out more about their student loan refinancing. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY. Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association. All credit products are subject to credit approval.


This is The Ramsey Show. Welcome aboard. This is where we help you America winning your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman. He's George Kamel. And he may have the best beard in all of YouTube Now You're just trying to, but I appreciate that. No, I mean, you gotta, it's, it's well Coed, I guess in the YouTube world, they can't grow facial hair, so I'll take that. Is that Right? Yeah. You know, I just, you know, I'm making this stuff up. Yeah. The fact that you fact checked me on that is, you know, it's just a nice little, I appreciate that I, and you got a good five o'clock shadow. Happy. I'll throw a little something positive your way. You know, I mean, it was a compliment.


That's The kind of friendship we have. Folks, You couldn't receive it. I was just trying to say something nice about you. Thank you. It's Very rare. Well, let me, let me restate it alongside George Campbell, the man with the best bomber jacket collection and All of you two. Now we're Talking content there. It's, that's that Ken Coleman I know and love. Oh, So you'll receive that one? Yeah. Okay. I, I mean, I can't grow a beer, you know, I Can choose what I receive. Alright, well I have agency. You Figured it out by now. We like to have fun while we help you out because there's breakthrough on the other side of these calls. Right. So let's get to it. Julie is in Tampa, Florida. Julie, How can we help today? Hi, how's it going? Good. How are you Julie? Oh, thank you for taking my call. I prayed and God put you guys, I'm like, I'm just gonna go to the top.


My pastor's kid here, so. Oh, Hey, you're talking to a pastor's kid? I, so, yeah, I didn't know. I'm like, do I go to my dad, my brother-in-law? I'm like, no, I'm just gonna go straight to the top and about money and, and call them. So thank you for taking That call. That's brave. I'm glad you made it through. So here for a reason. What's going on Julie? Lay it on us. All Right, I'll be fast. I can feel the weight that's on you right now. I Can too. I'm really interested about what's coming our way here. Okay, go Julie. I just got through a pretty major health crisis that could have, could have killed me. Oh, major surgery. I think we stopped counting it. 17 hospitals stays last year. Oh my goodness.


Julie. So, and then I had complications. It was admitted four more times. The problem is my parents have taken on some of the medical debt and we had to move in with them while this has been going on. Now we owe them 50,000, I don't know, about 16 months ago we decided to do the financial piece, you know, the Dave RAMSEY program and, which I refuse to do because you run into so much of my dad, I didn't want to do it. I'm like, no, it's dad telling me what to do. But we paid off almost 28,000 already.


Great. And medical debt. So it works. And we have our thousand in our checking account and we're doing snowball. How much is left now? So now all that's left is my, my mom and dad put 50 grand on like six 0% credit cards and they're coming up to expire and go to 30%. They're afraid they're gonna lose their house. Oh my goodness. I, Why would they take this on It? It was, Why couldn't you just go to the hospital to pay them and be in debt to the hospital where you could actually negotiate? That's What we're thinking. And it was partially dental and cars, you know, was a little bit of cars, dental and medical, those three things.


And my dad swoops in, in health, big heart, you know, driving me to appointments when my husband's working. Just a lot of, lot of love. But we all agree. We made a terrible mistake. We just never combined it. And now here we are and we, my husband, we've been married 25 years and he has never been sick, never did a doctor. And he works a very, very dangerous job. There's been two deaths out at the plant in the last six months. And he fell with extremely high blood pressure and was put on, what is that?


Temporary disability for six weeks. So he's struggling with his health and he doesn't, my question to you is, this is where the, the rift is with my parents. He doesn't know why we can't move out. Continue Dave RAMSEY, which we have a, you know, a track record of doing it and, and be on our own. He'll, it's a lot better for him with the rotating graveyards to have a quiet, dark room Right now. We're in a small house. One little noise. You know. Why can't you move out, Julie? He, my dad's like, if you move out and you're not gonna be able to do these, he wants us to do his plan. I wanna do Dave's, What's, what's your dad?


I'm gonna go back to this. Hold on a second. Before we even go, I don't even care about dad's plan 'cause we're gonna get lost in details that don't matter. Yeah. You called, you wanted our help. Yeah. I'm gonna ask the question again. Why can't you and your husband move out? My dad wants us to stay until the death paid back to him. Okay. I'm gonna ask it a third time. I'm gonna ask it a third time and you're gonna see where I'm going. Okay. Why can't you and your husband move out of your parents' house? We can, we can afford both Then. That's what I'm money. Thank you, sir. In the lobby. He was tracking with me. Yeah. It took three times, Julie. Yeah, but listen, this is why you called. I Hurt my parents. No, no. Listen, there It is.


That's The real reason. That's the real reason. And you have a lot of respect for your dad. You also feel a massive amount of guilt. The heaviness that George, the heaviness that George felt at the top of the call is guilt. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, I got news for you. Yeah. I Deal with that. Well, I I, I I got news for you. You've done nothing illegal. No. You've done nothing unethical. No, it just happened to me. Yeah. Yeah. But you guys did some nonsensical things with the credit card. Oh, the money stuff was really big. But here's the deal. Yeah. Your dad doesn't get to tell you what to do. You guys have been married 25 years. How old are you? Yeah. Yeah. I'm 47. My husband's 51 and he hit my husband's telling my father, we have a meeting tomorrow.


So this call is perfect timing. They don't talk about it in their house. Are Are you, are you holding your husband up? In other words, if, if you had already given him the green light, would he have already moved you guys out? Yeah, I think I'm part of the problem. Maybe. 'cause I'm so concerned about my parents and I think my dad's living in the what if. Well, well, COVID happened. It's not his life. George, I wanna bring you in here. I've been, I'm just, Here's the deal. Your dad decided to take on that credit card debt in his own name. That's on him. Yep. And so he cannot guilt you or manipulate you into doing anything. So have a written agreement of how we're gonna pay this back. And it's gonna have nothing to do with your living arrangements.


He's holding you in a prison. You know what, what's gonna happen? Miserable. You know what's gonna happen? You're gonna end up hurting your husband while trying not to hurt your dad. Well, that's my fear is because my husband, he's his blood pressures because of the stress of the job. Just imagine an oil rig that on land. It's so dangerous. Julie, Then Julie, Julie, Julie. Blood pressure. You're taking on the weight of the world. Right. Stop. God bless you. I wanna give you a hug. I don't want you to feel me criticizing you, but I want you to hear me. Oh, I can take it. No, no, no, no, no. Listen, I'm not, I'm not criticizing you, but I'm trying to be so blunt with you. This is what I call Your husband needs you to support him.


Yeah. Period. There is nothing else. Well, I don't wanna lose my husband. I mean, Then move. Then he needs a new job. And that's gonna be a new chapter for you guys. I wish we could call him right now and tell him He's here right now. He is. You Wanna say Hi? Yeah. You wanna say hi to Jake? Jake. Jake, can you hear us? Hey guys, how are you doing? Hey Jake. Julie wants to support you. So you gotta make the man move. Now, we just talked to her about it. We told her she, she's got to follow you. She wants to follow you, but she's also trying not to hurt dad. So now it's time for you to go, babe. It's gonna be okay. I'll support you dealing with whatever dad's gonna throw at you. But we are gonna leave and cleave, we got plans tonight.


We're going to Home Depot. We're buying some boxes and we're, and we're going out. And by the way, we're not asking permission. Are you willing to lead, sir? Yes sir. Well, and that's been the whole Challenge. No, no. We gotta go. I'm so sorry. I got a commercial break. I'm not being rude Lead. Go get the boxes now.


You know how when you go against what society thinks is quote normal, like avoiding debt, it feels weird at first. Well, I'm here to tell you that is okay. I want you to be weird. If that means you're being intentional, including how you budget. And one way to be intentional about how you spend your healthcare dollars is with Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM isn't health insurance. They're a biblically based alternative. CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families take care of healthcare costs without sacrificing their freedom. As a CHM member, you'll share 100% of your eligible healthcare costs with a dedicated Christian community. And in return, your monthly contribution goes towards other members' medical costs. So no matter where you are in your financial journey, ch HM can help you reach your money goals and still get the care you need. Plus, programs start as low as $98 a month. So go to ch ministries.org/budget to find out more. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Running a business is freaking hard. It's easy to get caught up in the daily challenges and fears that keep you stuck. That's why I want you to reserve your copy of our new book, build a Business you love, where we share the proven system that helped us break through those challenges and build Ramsey Solutions from a card table in my living room to a $250 million company in the process. When you pre-order today, you're gonna get more than $350 in bonuses for free, including an enhanced audio audiobook experience early access to the Build a business you love, ebook and instant access to our hiring playbook so you can start transforming your business right now. Build a business you love The essential guide for every business owner like you that wants to grow yourself, lead your team, and scale your business. To reserve your copy, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman and it's Camel and Coleman. That's, That's a law firm you'd hire right There. Yeah, that is, isn't it? What would we specialize in, you think? Probably personal injury would be on like the park benches, buses, you know, Real better call saw by, I see both of us doing commercials together, talking about call us, you know? Yeah. Like that whole, it's so smarmy. Yeah, we'd be very smarmy. I think we would. And that's the vibe we put off. That's Right. Tyler is in Dallas, Texas. Let's go to Tyler. Tyler, How can we help? Hey guys, how's it going? Good. What's going on? So, I'm in a position or a predicament I guess you could call it.


I have two job opportunities. One being a former employer that I was laid off with workforce reduction and a, a new job. Both have benefits and, you know, both have a downside to 'em and me and my fiance we're just kind of stuck in the middle of which one it would be best. And I'm just trying to seek out some advice, maybe an opinion of what you think would be best. Okay, great. So give us the pros of, we'll call it job number one. And let's go with, that's going back to your previous employer. Did I understand that right? Yes, Sir. Okay. So gimme the, gimme the pros of going back there.


So the pros for that one are, is gonna be the, the pay, the pay is significantly, it's about 40, 40 to 50,000 more a year. What's the total pay? Well, it's hourly, but like I said, it was previous, so I, I cleared about a hundred, 110. Okay. The, the two details there. Okay. And they, the, the retirement's also really good. The benefits are about the same for each, but one of them doesn't have a pension and my former employer does. So that's what you mean when you say the retirement's really good is the pension program? Yes sir. Okay.


What's the second job? What, what's the difference in pay? Difference in pay? I'll probably making close to 70 there. 60 to 70. And the another thing is the shift difference. So that, that's a big one. We, we had two kids and our third's on the way. And that's kind of where, is It the same industry? It's a little different. Previous job was manufacturing automobiles and the, the new job would be repair and maintenance on aircraft. Okay.


And you're torn between this, I mean this is a massive pay difference. The shift to me, shifts can shift. Sorry for being cheesy. No, of course. But it's not like you're stuck in that shift forever. But my goodness, you're talking about the difference between 110 K and 70 K. Yeah. And there's a, there's one more thing there. Okay. So the, my previous employer, they don't, they won't pay for like school or anything like that. They, like, they have some certain programs that they'll cover. But this new job starting day one, they'll pay all tuition for any school I want to do. And so, Okay, so where do you wanna end up now this changes the entire conversation for me. Where do you wanna be? 10 years, 15, 20 years from now?


What are you doing professionally? I wanna have my own business Doing what? So More than likely construction. And would the degree that this second option would be willing to pay for, would that be a absolute must to get into construction? I, I see that there's benefits for it. I didn't ask you that. I know, I don't that I didn't ask you that. So let me, let me put it this way. My policy on any degree has always been and will always be, this is the degree. I don't care if it's undergrad or grad. Is it the only way to do what you want to do? Or is it the best way to do what you want to do? So answer the question that way.


No, Then don't freaking do it. It is wasted time, which is our greatest asset as humans is time. And it's wasted money. So man, I just saved you a lot of time and money And with three kids. Is your wife working outside the home or she went home with the kiddos? She's at home. She works from home. Okay. I would not take the new job. I'd go back to the previous Employer. Yeah. There's not enough pluses on this new one to take it. Which way were you leaning? Okay, Well I was kind of in the middle. 'cause I mean I've No you weren't. I've worked. No, you were not. You know, it's impossible to be in the middle.


There was a way that you were leaning before you made the call. Which way were you leaning? You couldn't get ahold of us and they had to, and you had to make a decision in two minutes. And you're on the phone and they go, I can't get you in with Ken and George today. And you gotta give an answer. Which, which way were you leaning? Tell the truth. Probably the money. Yeah. Because you got a brain and you got people who rely on you. And the money in this equation sets you up better to be a business owner than this degree does. The more Construction business is an expensive business to get into. That's Right. You need A lot of cash, A lot of cushion too. You know, need a fat emergency fund, you need no debt.


And George, take it away on the pension thing too 'cause we don't want him just relying on that pension. I wanted to bring you into that. Yeah, well pensions over time have way underperformed the market. And so I know it sounds alluring 'cause it's like, well it's guaranteed income, but you can do better investing on your own in any company retirement plan. So I would not make the decision just for the pension alone. That's a fine byproduct if they have it. But I would not make your decision based on that. And then financially, are you guys in a good spot? Do you have any debt? Do you have an emergency fund? So yeah, we have an emergency fund. We have about two and a half months in that debt. We have just her vehicle left. We, we've got everything pretty much What's left on her vehicle stolen As far as, say it again, I'm Sorry.


What's left on her vehicle? 30. 30,000. And how much do you have in savings? For our personal savings or the emergency? All liquid cash you have access to including the emergency fund. Probably 8,000. Okay. Well we've got some work to do here. If you're gonna follow the RAMSEY plan, we gotta knock out this car loan before we're working on that emergency fund. But you also told me you have a baby, a third baby on the way. Yes sir. So let's pause and stack up cash. But as soon as baby and mommy are home healthy, let's push play and dump that savings into the car. If you do do decide to keep it, you may decide to sell it. But that's, you know, your income supports having a $30,000 car but not a $30,000 car loan.


That's a lot. So George and I have, we have spoken, you take the better paying job because of the long term play here. And man, I just wanna reiterate this. There's a, there's a, there's a really handsome guy out in the lobby that was shaking his head when I was giving my little, is it the only way or is it the best way, degree thing. I want to just reemphasize that. 'cause I know that's new to people in the show and, and I have found, because I've coached 10,000 people on this very issue, Ken, should I get a degree? Should, should I, what should I do to grow in my, my professional development? And the degree is it when it is the only way, it's a no-brainer.


When it's the best way, it's still a no-brainer. But you may need to be patient. But this idea that, well this, I can go get a degree and they pay for it and now I got this degree and all of a sudden, you know, this piece of paper, you know I can, I can see it. It's a degree. People think it's like a Willy won of Golden Ticket. It's a, yeah. And it does not guarantee success. And I just can't say it enough George, because this comes back to borrowed future. This comes back to some of the podcasts that you've done. I mean this is what you talk about traps in your book. Yeah. Breaking free from broke. I have a whole chapter on student loans and I quote, you're very, is it the only way?


Is it the best way? Yeah. Because it's a trap so many kids fall into, 'cause they think, well this is the only path. If I don't go to college, I'm gonna be destitute in my little town. And I never make it anything for myself. And the truth is, I see more people who took on crippling student loan debt for a degree they didn't care about that had no real marketplace value, they had no passion in and now they're left picking up the, the pieces working a job because they have to to make the payment. Yeah. This is the insanity. Yeah, this is the loop. Let's go to colleges to get a job to pay off the loans with a job. Yeah. And it sold to us as it sucks, but you gotta do it. No, this getting a student loan or going to get a degree that you can't afford is not like going to the dentist. You gotta go to the dentist.


You don't have to go to college. And and I just think that that's the cultural message here and and I think it's slowly eroding as we see the crazy compound of student loan debt. Yeah. So we, Thats why people are go into the trades. They're starting small businesses. 'cause they're going, I don't wanna be like that guy. 150 grand in student loan debt. Nothing to show for it. Yeah. Ugh. That's crazy. Do you floss regularly, George? Three times a day. Do you? Yeah, probably too much. Wow. I wanna learn more about that. Very offensive. My dentist asked, do you floss? Can you not tell doing it So much? Man. Wow. I'll learn more about your flossing technique on the break. Thank you. Don't go anywhere. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. You've probably heard people talk about different kinds of flags and friendships and romantic relationships. Red flags, green flags, beige flags. Listen, it can be helpful to look for patterns or unsafe behaviors in potential relationships, but all those labels can distract from what's really important, your values. And whether you and your potential partner are willing to wake up every day and choose to honor each other's values. And look, I know it can be tough sometimes to even know what's important to you in a relationship. Therapy can help you figure out what your values actually are and decide your boundaries and your non-negotiables. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy that works with your schedule to get started. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. If it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost. So whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or working on yourself, do it with help from BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash RAMSEY radio to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/ RAMSEY radio.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Will the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget? That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you doing? Still listening to me? Go Download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money right now.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Kamel is with me. This is your show, Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. George gonna coach you up on how to save and invest your money and I'm gonna coach you up on how to make more money. So that is the combo today


time for our RAMSEY show. Question of the day. Brought to you by why refi when the payment on your defaulted private student loan is as much as some mortgages, it's hard to get ahead. That's why when why refi and it's actually win. Why refi can help refinancing to a low fixed rate loan built just for you. Find out more@whyrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Kyle and Colorado. I'm 30 years old and earn around $200,000 per year. I owe 255,000 on my house and 50,000 on my vehicle. I max out my 401k every year with a current balance of 150,000. I also have a Robinhood account with roughly 15,000 in it and invest 500 there every month. Cash on hand is around 20,000. I'm wondering if it's better to invest in the stock market or pay off my truck and home before considering any other investments outside of my 401k and monthly contributions to Robin Hood. Well He's almost there. Yeah. At least right's questioning his decisions. That's a good start. That's to wonder if you're even doing it the right way. So here's the truth, Kyle, you can do what you want.


You have an amazing salary, you can out earn your stupidity for a long time and afford that payment for as long as you want my friend. But if I'm in your shoes, I'm following the RAMSEY plan, I'm gonna get rid of that vehicle asap. It's not too much for your income. So if you wanna keep it and pay it off aggressively, I would, my guess is your Robin Hood account of 15,000 is not retirement. So you could cash that out along with your 20 K on hand and that'll get your loan down to about 15,000 and making 200,000. That thing's done within what? 90 days or less your, your vehicle loan is gone. Now regarding the house, what I put extra on the house, I would be on 15% of your income.


And so if you're talking about 200,000, that means 30,000 a year going into retirement accounts, that means you could max out a Roth 401k, you could do a back to a Roth IRA and that would get you to that 30 K and then you can move on from there to paying off the house with any extra money beyond that, which you should have plenty of when you free up that $50,000 vehicle loan payment. Goodness, that's gotta be oh yeah, probably an eight $900 payment right there, if not more. Yep. So that'll free you up to start throwing that on the mortgage and get you on track for the baby steps. Yeah, I love the advice. Couldn't agree more. I mean he's putting 500 a month in the Robinhood account, so if we just start moving that over as well to the truck, that's Of it's gonna be gone soon. So he's gonna knock the truck out quick and then, then you start working on the House.


Yeah, he's probably taken home 13, 14,000 a month. And so you could, if you just get on a real bare bones budget, you could knock that vehicle out in probably two months if you got serious. I love that. I Like this plan. I like it. Thanks for the question. Alright, back to the phones. We go Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Andrew is in Austin, Texas. Andrew, How can we help? Hi, thank you for taking the time to answer my question. Sure. What's going on? Yeah, so back when I was going to college, my parents and I took out student loans to pay for them when taking out the loans. There was no conversation about me having any responsibility for the parent portion of the loans. Now, six years later, my parents are blaming my sisters and I for not having any money in retirement and for filing bankruptcy and saying that after all of that we are gonna have to take over the loans because it's, they shouldn't have to worry about that this time in their lives.


And I told them no, but that caused a bunch of arguments and I suggested family counseling and that was rejected too. And I guess just wanna know, are we in the wrong, having tried to help them, it seems like they have no willingness to change and letting money come between the family. Now what they've done is gross to put that on you. You are not the solution to their financial mess. And they're just in a real pickle and looking at their pile of debts going, well, if the kids didn't cause all of this harm to us, we would've been in a very different place. The truth is they've been reckless for a long time with their money.


They didn't have a conversation about what was gonna happen with college and student loans. They decided to take on all of the debt in their name only with this parent plus loan with crazy high interest and now they wanna pin it on you and they're in a bind. I'm not buying it. And I'm guessing the relationship with your parents has not been great for a long time. That is correct. Yes. It's been transactional and very well, we look at what we did for you and this is what you have to do for us. And I'm also guessing there's a lot more debt laying around here than just these parent plus loans That as far as I know, yes. You know, they never, they're never open about it. So I would wouldn't know for sure.


But the bankruptcy wouldn't even impact. Yeah, bankruptcy does not discharge student loans. Right. And so, so why would they do it if it was only the student loans? Exactly. Do you know anything about their financial picture? I don't know exactly. No, they've never been open about it. Okay. This is just so warped the way you described this. I just think you need such clear and very high boundaries that are in stone, like concrete boundaries, not, not flexible plastic fencing boundaries. This is just so weird. And I think there needs to be a real clear, clean brown, a boundary established and walk away from this nonsense.


Because this isn't just coming at you, they're, they're coming at your sisters too, you said. Yeah. So this is so unhealthy and so, and I used the word warped on purpose. I I, you gotta make a clean cut for now and hope for healing. You know, hope for for something. But there's nothing you can do anyway. So them putting this guilt trip on you because they're desperate and I, and I, and I'm not, I don't wanna be too critical George of the parents. It is warped, it's crazy unhealthy, but they are hurting and they're desperate. And this, this smells of desperation, That's usually when you go to blame everyone else is when you're backed into a corner like this. And so the best thing you can do is be kind, be firm, be respectful, set the boundary and let them know, Hey listen, I'm not in a position to pay this back.


We never had this conversation. There's nothing in writing saying that we were gonna be obligated to pay this debt. You guys decided this is how we're going to help and quote pay for school. And therefore it's your responsibility. And if you're in a position to help, if you're going, Hey, we got the money sitting in savings and we want to morally do this, that's fine, but you have no legal responsibility to pay this back. And I wouldn't let them guilt trip you into saying, well if mom and dad are gonna be homeless unless you, you foot the bill. I'm not buying that either. Yeah, I agree. That just feels so manipulative. Let's see if we can get Eric in. Eric is in Atlanta, Georgia. Eric, How can we help? Hey, how are you guys doing? Good. What's going on today?


Hey, so I have a pretty personal question here. So I would say I'm pretty far well off in terms of financial stability. My question is if I should save for an extra rainy day and that extra rainy day, meaning marriage and future kids most likely. Or should I be a little bit more selfish with my spending and just kind of boost my own standards of living? Well, I wanna release you from the selfishness. Let's find option C where it's not save for a fictitious family. I don't know what we're saving for, but, or save for me to buy a nice car. What's going on financially with you?


Do you have a bunch of money laying around? Well, let's see, my net worth is right around 350,000. Okay. And I already have a house that's already paid off as well. Amazing. And And you got an emergency fund? The emergency fund is pretty much whatever is in my a high yield savings. Yeah. How much is there really? 200,000, $200,000? Yeah. That's what I put in my high yield savings for the maximum ROI on interest. Okay. But what are we, I like money to have a goal and that is way beyond a six month emergency fund for you.


And so what would be your next goal? Are you saying, Hey, I don't really have one, I have a pay for house. You're, are you investing 15% or more of your income at this point? Yeah, 15% is already invested. Timber, retire and funds each year. Okay. You sound like you're, you are the eternal saver. And so it might be time to upgrade some things in your life reasonably. We're paying cash, we're not gonna have this be a large portion of our world. But if you wanna buy a few nice toys, go for it. You know? But he's in such a position that I'm not worried about him having money for a future family. Yeah, you're fine. It's a line item on the budget. Yeah. You know, a family doesn't show up and you go, I need a hundred thousand dollars. It's just a line item That's true for a ring. You're doing good.


And then for a wedding and you, you'll have the savings ready to go my friend. I'd get out there, I'd get out of the house and start meeting some people and maybe find a nice lady. There We go. There we go. Alright, this is The Ramsey Show. We'll come up with a dating plan for Eric's life on the break.


Hey guys, our two night virtual event investing essentials is almost here. There's a lot of confusion out there about building wealth. So George Kamel and I are breaking it down and teaching you how to invest with confidence. You'll learn how to maximize your 401k and mutual funds. Plus I'll be sharing my personal playbook for real estate. But hurry time's running out investing Essentials is March 4th and fifth ticket. Start at 1 99. Grab yours today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Alright folks, welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. George Campbell's alongside me. You know, money and relationships are two of the most important parts of our life and a lot of stress, a lot of conflict around those two areas. But you can win in your money and your relationships. But if you need some help, we've got a new tour, the Money and Relationships Tour, very creative. I wonder how long the team ly named. I wonder how long the team spent on that. Sadly, They probably came up with 17 cool names and then decided, let's just make it clear. Yeah, The money and Relationships Tour. There we go. It's Dave RAMSEY and John Delony hitting the road for six nights and they're gonna be taking on all topics. They're gonna be taking questions, they're gonna be kinda live and unscripted, unfiltered, raising money, smart kids, how to fight fairly in marriage, finding contentment. The cities are Louisville on April 21, Durham, North Carolina, April 23, Atlanta, Georgia, April 25, Phoenix, may five, Fort Worth, Texas on May 7th, Kansas City on May 9th. You don't wanna miss this. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. And if you're listening via podcast or you're watching on YouTube, click on the link in the show notes.


Which by the way, I should say the show notes are a Trevor treasure trove, I should say. I didn't say it well, but I did say it. The show notes, a hidden gem, hidden gem, anything we talk about, if you didn't catch it and you're on podcast or YouTube, go to the show notes and we've got a a link for you. All Right, Jordan's up next in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Jordan, How can we help today? Happy Friday guys. How are you guys doing? Happy Friday sir. So I'm 26. I have a house that's paid off. Me and my fiance have minimum to no debt, probably the maximum we have. I have around 1100.


She has around like 14 to $1,500 in debt. I started trading options about five years ago. Wasn't successful. Sort of sat down for the past two years, three years researching, studying markets. You guys are king of investing, so I wanted to get your advice on it. I started about four, five weeks ago with $660 and my account is now sitting at 4,800 and $200. So I don't know if I should continue with the strategy that I'm using of trading options or do I move to a different strategy?


Well, you've called the right show on the wrong show. You're not gonna like what I tell you to do and you probably won't do it. I would tell you to stop day trading immediately and focus on long-term wealth building through your normal day job income. Do you have a normal day job? Yeah, so that's actually what got me back into trading because I started this current position I'm at, I work four 12 a week, so it gives me two to three days to day trade. I'm currently making 42, 35 an hour, I believe it is. Or 32 40. Okay, so you're making about 85 grand a year if you're doing that 40 hours a week. Correct. You said you're doing 48 hours a week, so it's probably a little more than that, Correct?


Yes. Okay. And what makes you go I need more? Clearly you're enjoying doing this. I And you haven't been burned by it yet. Correct. Okay, let me tell you that. Well, No, no. I, I have been burned the first two years. I wanna say I've lost close to four to $5,000 within the first two years. Okay. So here's the stat, and you fell perfectly into it. 97% of day traders who persisted for more than 300 days lost money. And many people go borrow money to make trades going into debt to leverage. Right. And we've taken some gut wrenching calls in The Ramsey Show from people who have lost 30 grand, 150 grand, even $300,000 by day trading.


And it breaks my heart. And here's the problem. It's easy to feel like you're the exception when you're winning. Correct. And it's easy to go, well, it's always gonna be, I'm good at this. It's just gambling at the end of the day. And if you do your research, it's just researched gambling, which still has a lot of risk. And I'm, I'm with Dave RAMSEY on this. I just hate losing money. And so the easiest way to avoid that is to not gamble it. And so what I do is I invest into retirement plans. If I wanna invest outside of that, I would invest into an index fund and a taxable brokerage account and call it a day. And so I would focus That's focus on what do with the Yeah, I, because I don't, here's the problem, you spending spending hours and hours a week staring at these screens trying to time the market.


And instead the better thing to do is instead of timing the market is just have time in the market through compound growth and a long-term strategy. This is the tortoise beats the hare. You've heard that? I've heard that. I've also heard the whole gambling. It's short money gains. Don't get into it. You might win now, but you're gonna lose it all later. Yeah. And I don't think it's worth the mental calories. I don't think it's worth the stress, the anxiety, the risk. Our plan is all about peace. You've heard it. Financial peace. And so can I tell you how many times I've thought about my investments over the last six months? Zero. I go, oh, market's down. All Right, I'm gonna go get a coffee.


I just don't care because I'm investing for the long term. And if you're investing for a shorter term purchase, like real estate, just park it in an index fund, let it ride. That's what Dave does. And when he finds a good piece of property, he'll cash out enough to buy the property. But I would never encourage anyone to do single stocks or even a single crypto coin and day trading falls squarely in that with even more. 'cause now it's a whole career you can make out of it of saying, I'm a day trader. And so, You know, I heard this morning, man, You're too smart to do this stuff. You Know what I heard on the news this morning? Gotta get your quick take on it. What's that? There is now there is a crypto bar in New York City. Oh, I have heard about this. Have you heard this? Yeah. And I was thinking of you. I heard it and I was like, I wonder what George knows about this.


So I guess I'll tell you, it's the worst place to meet a woman. Oh. Because find one in there. Yeah. And so if you just wanna Hang out with other crypto pros. Yeah. Stuart Varney was asking, this was on Fox businesses. Stuart Varney was asking the, the, his female co-host who was talking about it. He's like, can you pay for your beer with crypto? And she's like, yeah. And she's like, you wouldn't know how to do it. You know? So I guess Stewart is, is not jumped on the crypto train, but very interesting. Yeah, A crypto bar. I've got a dark curiosity about It. She said it's full of crypto enthusiasts. Oh Wow. So there you go. So my point is, next time you're in New York doing media, I think stop by there. Should do that for TikTok and Instagram. Just do a little drop in. Just see if anyone starts filling me soon. I saw George at a crypto bar.


Yeah, that could be fun. No, thank you. All Right, Let's go to Sarah in Denver, Colorado. Sarah, How can we help? Hi, I am excited to talk to my money heroes. How are you? Wow, You're a money Hero. Hold on a second. Let me put my cape over the chair here. There it is. There it goes. How can we help? So my husband and I are in our forties and we're doing great for ourselves. We're maxing out 4 0 1 Ks and IRAs and we're paying off the house with double payments. Wow. And we're kind of deciding, trying to decide what to do going forward, you know, once everything's paid off and exploring some options to help our adult kids.


So one of the things that we thought about was encouraging them to save even more for themselves and offering them the possibility of maybe, you know, if they put forth like a third of their Roth Mac for a year, would we double that, you know, and give them the other two thirds. And so I guess I just wanted to find out what you guys thought about that. Yeah, so essentially you want to gift your children money to help set them up for success and wealth down the road. And there's a lot of ways to do that. How old are the children? They are 23 and 24. Wonderful. And they're all working full time gainfully employed. They're, well, there's one that's doing a little better than the other employment wise, you know, money wise.


And they're still learning for sure. That's great. Well, I like the idea of sort of a, a match because that encourages them to actually do the behavior instead of you doing it for them. But there's a lot of ways to do this. You, if it's not wealth, it might be, Hey, we wanted to gift you some down payment money and it has to go toward the house. And so there's a lot of ways you could do that. I love the idea of just, you know, contributing to that. I don't know, if you just wrote 'em a check for $3,000, would you trust that they'd actually go invest that into an IRA? That's the question. Yeah. I I do think that both of them would go do that if that was the intention. Yes. Okay. I, I would demand proof as, because I'm that guy, I'd be like, All Right, here's the deal.


I'm gonna give this to you. I need proof in one week that you've actually deposited this money or else I rescind it. Right. So it's okay to give with strings attached 'cause you're, you know, they're gonna benefit from it. And here's what you should do. Sit down with an investment calculator, show them what this money will turn into there. It's when they retire of 63 and they're gonna go, oh my gosh, mom, you didn't give me $3,000. You just gave me $150,000. That's, that's Good. That get them investing. I, I love that play. I'm starting to do that with my kids and they're starting to pay attention a little bit. So I, I love that advice. Uncle George will come over. I'll show 'em the ropes. We Need more Uncle George around the house. Alright folks, appreciate you being with us. This is The Ramsey Show.


The right questions are the key to unlock personal and professional potential. It means if you're not where you want to be, you are not asking the right questions. I'm Ken Coleman and this is what my new show Front Row Seat is all about. Over my career, I've had the distinct privilege to interview successful people from all walks of life. And to coach over 10,000 professionals who wanted more. What sets successful people apart is a never ending desire to learn and grow. Each week I'll be joined by industry leaders and world class experts to have a conversation about how to get better, move up and lead well in work and life. But the best part of this show is you get to be a part of the conversation. Live in Studio will have a group of professionals just like you, who have the power to ask questions and steer the discussion in real time. It's an opportunity to get real answers to real questions, like how to make the right decisions, have hard conversations, live a balanced life, and discover your Next Steps to grow. Join us every Tuesday for conversations that are guaranteed to surprise, challenge, and inspire you. Check out Front Row Seat wherever you get your podcasts.