
Live From, Nashville, Tennessee. This is The Ramsey Show where we help people with their money, their relationships, their life building wealth, getting out of debt, all of it. I'm John Delony, joined by my good friend Jade Warshaw, and we are live taking your calls at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. It's triple eight, eight two five five two, two five. Call in from all over planet Earth and we'll do the best we can to get to your calls and answer your questions just about anything. Let's go out to Chicago, Illinois and talk to Jake. What's up Jake? How we doing brother? Hey guys, can you hear me? Yeah, I got you man. What's up? Awesome.


Thank you so much. God bless you both. Thank you. Just calling for a relationship question. I've got a girlfriend now. I've been dating just for over a month and she comes from out of the country actually, but she's been in the US for a couple, couple years now and she's trying to get rid of her debt. She's on the baby steps doing EveryDollar, but she tells me like she's being overwhelmed 'cause she's trying to also, or her family overseas is asking for money. Unfortunately they grew up kind of in poverty, so they're struggling and I'm just trying to get relationship advice from you guys on how to handle that on the sideline and be supportive and give advice.


Where's she from? I just wanna say that. South America. Okay, that's fine. Just Curious. So that's a very, very, very, very, very common thing. Millions and millions and millions and millions and millions of of dollars are sent back home when one or two or five or six family members make it to the us And so being in this new relationship for a month, I would sit with her and keep my mouth shut. I Know that's Right. And, I would say, man, I know that's really hard. I know that's tough. I know you're in a pickle. I know if like, I I want you to sit and hear her and unless she specifically says, do you have advice for me on how I can get out of this situation?


Which I doubt that question will actually come. I want you just to be present with her. 'cause she's probably pretty sharp and she's probably pretty smart and she probably needs you to be near her and needs your emotional support more than she needs your, your, your facts. Does that make sense? Yep. Yeah, I gotcha. Yeah. IG Jay, do you have anything there? Agree. I mean I guess this kind of is what it is, man. Y'all been together a month. It's different if you were married five years or something like that. Yeah, I, I agree. I think the cultural difference changes the rules slightly because that is true. Like depending on what your background is from, or even if you have family that are still there, there's a lot of cultural differences where yeah, it is kind of like a, a family household and it's like, listen, the, everybody contributes and she's probably still bringing some of that mindset here, even though she now lives in the States.


And to John's point, I 100% agree I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. And I would let her do her thing for now. And as the relationship progresses, you know, maybe there's a time where you guys talk about it when you're like engaged and that sort of thing. But right now let her do her thing. And Jake, this is a question that took me about 20 years of being married before I realized it would've been smart for me to ask. And that is, do you want me to give you a solution here or do you want me just to listen and be with you? So if you ever feel like you're getting trapped or you feel like she's asking you veiled advice, questions, whatever, just say, Hey, do you want me just to sit with you or do you actually want me to tell you what I think you should do next?


And give her an option on, on what you should, how you should proceed. Does that sound good? Yeah, I like that. Okay. All right brother. Well thanks for the call man. Best of luck to you. Let's go out to George in Tampa. What's up George? Hey guys, how's it going? We are rocking onto the breaking down brother. What's up? So well, hey, I just have some, some death stuff going on. We just bought a house and we're thinking about moving back to Texas basically. And house we bought for seven 40, currently owed six 90 on it. We have 150 K of due loans and 20 5K on car as well. Got some work stuff going on. So just trying to figure out What's the house worth.


Sold it, We think, I mean we've been talking to a realtor of lately at least we're hoping at least get seven 40 up to anywhere up to she, she wants to put it on for 7 99. But in this market, that's what we're kind of afraid of. So you think you'd only break even Worst case? Yes. Okay. You'd break even minus fees so you'd actually lose money. Right, Exactly. Yeah. So I mean plus the money. We, I mean, most of the money we've been putting into is interest. So we, you know, we only put 5% down originally. Ah, Yeah. Why are you moving so quickly? We're kinda, well two things, you know, we wanted to get around family. We have a 1-year-old, so we want to get around family and then we're trying to figure out what to do next.


We like, we actually live in Sarasota, but we kind of bored with it already. We didn't know that when we first got here. Kids kind of changed things and kind of just went into life, start buying stuff and, But you bought, yeah. You bought a house for three quarters of a million dollars. Well, I was making, I mean I was, I'm not a thing, it's happened. I, I was making a quarter million and my wife was making 60 and then didn't seem like that crazy thing at the time, which now I'm thinking about it, it was crazy. And then my job maybe did a comp plan change and then the market's kind of shifted in my field, which is, you know, I'm probably make like still good money, like 1 60, 180, but I'm just, we've been talking about making maybe resetting, going back to renting for a bit, stacking the accounts again, paying off the student loans and kind of getting back on track.


Can you tell me more about the other debt? Well, we had student loans. We went to private education. How much? You know, typical 151,000 left. Okay. Anything else? Just a car payment, which I'm still something that's 25 grand left on it. 20 5K. Okay. And there's nothing else. No credit cards, Nothing. Yeah, I have money in the account. We have about, you know, 37 K in the accounts right now. And then I got a, I got the retirement accounts too. Nothing crazy. I got like 50 grand in the retirement and then I, a weird, I know I need to sell it. My Coinbase account has 15 k. Yeah. Okay. So here's the thing. The good news is you've got some liquid cash sitting around here.


You're gonna liquidate the Coinbase. I would if I were in your shoes to make this right side up. The good news is you can turn around and pay off your car today, today, and then you can take the other 12,000, put it with the 15,000 and, and take that 27 and put it towards the student loans. And now you're back in a situ. You got $125,000 of debt and that's a lot more manageable knowing what you guys' income potential is. Yeah. Right. So, I don't, I don't think that the solution to your situation is necessarily selling the house unless you can no longer afford it. That's a Yeah, we can, but it's coming to the point where it's like, it, is it becoming more worth it in a way because we, we really want to move.


And that's another factor that's kind of playing into it. So, I don't know. So you don't Love the house. That is a big factor. If you don't love the house, I don't want you to move at a loss if you don't like the house. I'd like to wait till you got right side up and just be patient. Yeah. What percentage of your income is the house after? Oh, that's a good question. Your, of your take home pay. I mean, Take home pay. I, I mean, that's a great question. I don't know that answer to be honest on the top of my head. I should, but that's okay. Let's figure it out. Originally, let's think about it. so what are you guys taking home right now? Taking home? I, I'm getting paid biweekly and right now I'm getting paid around five grand biweekly. And then she is, That's 10 Probably pulling, yeah, she's pulling in like, you know, 2K on her checks right now.


Okay. So that's 12. Well, we working on commission, so it varies slightly, but usually around 12. She's 13, she pulling two KA week or two KA month, Two KA week, 2K every, she's semi-monthly, so two payrolls a month. Okay. Okay. So 14. 14. That's all you need to look at. Figure out what 25% of that is and then you're gonna see, okay, can we actually afford this? If you can't, that's a good indicator. It shouldn't be any more than $3,500 a month. So that's what you're looking at. I would not sell the house simply to pay off this debt if you hate the house and you're right side up, be my guest. But I don't think it's the solution that you need to get your behavior on point. There You go. And I will say, one time I took a check to closing to get out and it changed my life.


So make the right call. We'll be right back.


I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I The middle? How be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston And I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies, it doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. to get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 or go to xandr.com.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw, triple eight eight two five five two two five. We're taking your calls live. Listen, we're doing something that we've never done before. Every year, especially for the last few years, Jade, me, Rachel Cruz, we come together and we write something for every month in the Ramsey, Goal Planner. It's this, it's the way planners should be done, which is still by hand with pen and paper for all you digital people out there. It's a it holding your hand planner. We sell out every year and for the first time we've looked at the prices and it's like, everything's expensive right now, everything. And so what we did was we dropped this price for the first time ever. We're pre-selling it. It's just 35 97. It's the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner. We're pre-selling it so you can get it. This is the cheapest it'll ever be out there. You guys are gonna buy it for yourselves or for your spouses. So go ahead and get it right now. It sells out every year. Don't let everyday unimportant tasks constantly distract you. And don't pick up your phone every one and a half seconds to find out where you're supposed to be and what you're supposed to be doing. Write that stuff down. Write it down. Mm i that again, it's packed with expert guidance from Rachel, from Cruz, from me, from Jade. It's gonna help you set obtainable goals with your money and your faith and your relationships. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or the podcast. It's 36 bucks. Get it right now. It's gonna go up after September 2nd. So get it as quick as you can.


Alright, let's go out to Chicago. Let's go back to Chicago and talk to Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. What's up Mike? How we doing? Hey, real well guys and great show. Appreciate you taking my call. Question for you, So. I have a pretty gifted athlete in the family and she has the opportunity to play volleyball at the division one level. And the question really is, she's had offers to play at Ivy League schools pretty much throughout the East coast, but do we take the route and go to division one that's not Ivy. Fortunately, I'm gonna position where I could afford to send her to an Ivy League college, but do we go and send her somewhere and go for free?


Or is there a lot of value or is is there value in her pursuing that Ivy education? Would she play, would she just walk onto the Ivy League team or is she, does she an opportunity? Yeah, Yeah, great question. No, they, no, she would be, you know, a big, big member on the team. Okay. But it really comes down to I'm in business, I'm a business guy. So is there a value in her playing at one of the Ivy's and spending, you know, as a family, probably a half a million dollars for that four year education or, Well, where'd get that number? Where'd you get half a million dollars? I know, tell me about it. Well, No, no, I mean, like, my world is universities and that, that seems like a lot.


It's a hundred grand, a hundred grand a year at least. Yeah, that's what, that's what admissions has told me at like, you know, a Cornell or a, or a Brown or a Mout or a Harvard, It's up to a hundred grand a year. A hundred grand a year. Yeah. Is that tuition, room, board, everything all in travel? Yeah. That, that's all in. Yep. You bet you. Yep. Okay. I can tell you, let me give you my perspective. I play D one volleyball on scholarship. I also had the And, I had that at a couple of different universities, but one of 'em was also offering me an academic scholarship, a presidential. And the advice that I was given is choose education first.


Because if for some reason, you know, I go on And, I don't wanna play overseas, or I go on And, I decide that I don't wanna keep playing volleyball, I'll keep my scholarship, right? Like I don't have to go on the, the team scholarship. I can go on the academic side. And so part of this might play out in your situation as well, where it's go, go the route that serves what the future is. So if education and you can afford it, if if that's what you're going towards, then that's great. I don't know what her plans are for volleyball. If she's wanting to go on to be an Olympic athlete, is she wanting to go on to play overseas? If that's the case, then D one might be the, the route. But if she's got these other, I mean, John, you can speak to the educational side better than I can, but yeah, Mike, The, the, it's been several years, man.


The last study I I read said essentially this if, and again, this is before everything blew up and there's been all the drama on all these college campuses across before, all that stuff, if your kids could get into a Ivy League school and it was not gonna put your family out of business, that there was an ROI to them attending. And the ROI weirdly was less about the particular education and more about the people that they would be going to school with because those people would leave and start businesses and hire your daughter or your daughter would hire, start a business and hire these folks. And it's the creme de la creme. Right? The other side of that is I went to a tiny little NAIA school, And I, did all my grads work at a gigantic D one school, and my family's doing all right, Jade's family's doing all right, And I.


Can't imagine someone with a straight face can look with at you and say, pay me $400,000 over the next four years. That just seems outta whack to me. It, it must have gotten just insane the last 36 or 48 months. But I, yeah, I have a hard time telling you go spend half a million dollars when you have a it free right in front of you. At the same time. If I could do it without hurting my family and my kid wants to go to an Ivy League school, I'd probably send them What can, let's, let's get bigger numbers. What's your net worth? I don't know. Enough. Plenty. Yeah. Enough. I, I'd rather not get into huge detail.


Okay. But yeah, like, all right. Yeah. Enough. Tell me, tell me what the pause is on your end. There's really not a, you know, I just think that it's not a huge pause on my end, but I do work in the field of business. And, I didn't go to Ivy. And like yourself, I, I think I'm doing okay. And, I do know people that did go to Ivy and they're probably not doing as well as, as people who, like you, And I. So, So tell me about your kid. You know, I think she wants to probably go into medicine. Okay. That would probably be something that she wants to do. So that's why I'm more, I'm encouraging that direction for her to go to the Ivy, but the offers that she has from non Ivy are very reputable schools as well.


But I, I know how challenging it is to actually get into an iiv and to have the ability to use athletics. Like I've always told her to use athletics as a vehicle to do something bigger and better in your life. And this is a prime example of an opportunity that's really hard to pass up, but it's quite a bit of money. And for her, it's, I would do it for her And I would do it for all of my kids. But I just wanted to get your perspective, because you talk about money and, and deal with scenarios often Daily. So, I'll, I'll tell you the doctor that saved my life, the doctor that I call regularly and the doctor that I eat with on a regular basis went to a research, a giant research university.


Sure. Yep. And is extraordinary in medicine, is now a professor at a top tier medical school after practicing medicine for all these years. I think the only patient that continues to nag him to death is me. It sounds like you have an extraordinary daughter who knows hard work, who's also brilliant, who's also learned hard work and work ethic from her dad and learned character from her parents. And to be honest with you, those type of students are going to, you, you can send her to a local community college and she's gonna hit everything, every pitch that comes down the way outta the park, So, I think it's you're, you're one of the rare families that would actually say that. Let's talk about fit and let's talk about where your daughter wants to be.


Like what group of of young people is she gonna thrive being around? I think you made a great statement earlier in the conversation about the research as to who is at these schools and sort of like Next Steps and what happens after graduation and the network, because you can't play volleyball forever and you can't play athletics forever. So I think that's sort of the thing that's in the back of my wife and i's mind is like the, the value and sort of what will happen and who she can interact with and meet in relationships that can be formed. But I still have a little bit of reservation about, dude, You hey, you, you get it. You, I'm telling you right now, I I, I was a dean of students at a law school, at a public law school, some of the most brilliant, competent, amazing kids of character.


They were, they're amazing. So you can't just lump that into these different places. I'd actually, gosh, I'm thinking out loud here and I've got no data to back up what I'm saying, but I would almost be more tempted if there was gonna be, we're gonna go into some sort of AI field, some sort of research field, some sort of quantitative, let's go down rabbit hole. I'd be more likely to send a kid to an ivy there than in medicine. I want my kids around gritty, hardworking. Let's all study, let's all figure this thing out and serve our communities. And you can find those kids anywhere, anywhere. I don't think you're in a wrong spot.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, good folks. The Back to School Madness is upon us. It's hitting us right now. We got travel and work and all these forms to fill out now and sports, to travel to and on and on. My family's schedule is so packed and we haven't even begun talking about things like exercise and date nights and counseling and church and home projects. And those are the things that make our life even worth living. Here's what I've learned when it comes to taking care of me. I have to put on my oxygen mask first, and that means that I have to do the things that keep me well in whole And I. Know that you have to do those same things too, so don't skip the things that matter to you, including regular exercise, hanging out with your friends and regular therapy appointments. And when it comes to therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy staffed with licensed therapists. It's convenient, it's flexible, and it's suited to fit your schedule. And therapy can help you learn positive coping skills, how to set and practice boundaries, how to become the best version of yourself, and most importantly, how to find peace in all of this chaos in this upcoming season. Make sure you put on your oxygen mask first. Never skip therapy day. Call my friends at BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dooney today for 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/deone.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. Let's go out to Las Vegas and talk to Luke. Hey Luke. What's up brother? Hey, what's going on? how are you guys doing today? We're doing all right. Good man. How can we help? So I'm about to come into a large lump sum of money. I'm not sure the exact number, but a seven to 800,000. Wow. An accident settlement, What kind of accident? And It was one, two vehicle accident with me and a semi-truck interstate. Are you okay? I have two pretty serious injuries.


I've had a couple surgeries already and I'm gonna need a lot more in the future. So I, I wanna, I get your guys' advice on how I can properly manage this money. So I, don't have to worry about medical bills in the future and set up my family for success. What's the nature of your injuries? Because I know some surgeries that can cost $800,000 without, without blinking So I will need at least one spinal surgery where I'll have to fuse two of my vertebrae and then I'll need at least two full knee replacements. Oh Gosh. Geez, man. Are you, when will you be able to work?


Will you be able to work? What's, what's the prognosis on that? So the accident was actually about three years ago. Okay. I've been, I've been working for the past year and a half. Me and my wife bring home about 60,000 a year and we, we have about, I'm not sure the exact number, but now we have about $20,000 in debt. Most of it tied up with two vehicles and then just some credit cards. Okay. Okay. So the 60,000 a year, is that what you've been making or is that like a, a decrease in income since the accident?


It's actually an increase. Okay, good. Since my accident, I went to a small trade school and got certified in welding. I got, I got a job that's not too hard on, on my injuries. And my wife is a, she's a salesman or sales woman for her family business selling pools. Okay. Well, I mean, seven to $800,000 is a lot of money. Obviously you can do the basic things, clear out your debt. Right. You got $20,000 in debt, you pay that off, you make sure you set aside six months of expenses. Right. Put that in a high yield savings account. What's the, what's the situation with your home?


We're currently renting, we, I spend about a third of my income on just renting and basically all of what I make just goes to bills. Yeah. And then what, what she makes is like food, gas, and all the other necessities. And we're saving as much as we can with whatever's Left. Okay. So then that would be the next thing in the equation is to figure out, okay, what's our, what's our dream for a home? Do we want to purchase a house anytime soon? If we, if so, what's the price range? Do we want to put a really nice down payment down and invest the rest? Do we wanna buy something modest in cash? That's the type of conversation I'd be having if I were you.


If we're talking about $800,000, I probably wouldn't wanna spend more than, I don't know, 500. Well, hold on A sec. Look, I'm gonna ask Jade a question on your behalf. Is that cool? Yeah, Go ahead. So J Jade, I would, man, I, I'm overly conservative. I would wanna make sure I clear these surgeries first I would think. Right. Well what's Your insurance like? I get, I get insurance through my, through my job. They pay for a very actually significant portion of it. The only thing that I really need to worry about when it comes to medical is the high deductible. Yeah. Out Of pocket max. Pretty great man.


Yeah. Okay. I mean that's the assumption. What's your out-of-pocket Max? Is it the same as your deductible? Yeah, it's 3,500. Okay. Yeah. Honest. Amazing. And I'd like to get to the point, that's why I said I would not, if you're thinking about getting a house, choose a modest amount so you can still have a big chunk of this to invest. And if I were you, I'd go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor and get with a smart investor that's gonna help you invest this. And then I think that you're set up like this is not the type of money that I'm set for life. I never have to do anything. But if you're smart with it, it really, really, really gives you an amazing jump off And I think at that point you just keep doing what you've been doing.


You, you know, you make 60,000 a year, you, you keep getting raises. You invest 15% every single month. You know, you, you set aside for your out-of-pocket max every single year. And you just keep going. This is great in that way. I hate that you got in an accident. Yeah. The other thing I would plan for Luke is I'm assuming you work hourly as a welder. Yeah. So those, when you have spinal surgery and when you have two knee replacements, you're gonna be outta work for a season. Right. For from both knee surgeries. My doctor said roughly six months. Okay. Probably. So you may wanna hold that How physical therapy goes and You may wanna hold that amount of money that you would've potentially earned.


And would you put that in high yield savings account? Yeah. I'd maybe do a separate, since this is kind of a, this is a outlier. I'd keep your, your normal three to six months of expenses, six months of expenses, and then kind of like what we would treat if you knew you were getting laid off or something, I'd start stacking up knowing that this six months of no work is coming. And put a separate thing there and say, okay, this is for that surgery. Because you're gonna have the ability to do that. And that's, that's one of the things that going into this and saying whatever, however we choose to live, let's do it without a payment that's gonna make your life a lot less stressful knowing that you have no debt. You don't owe anybody, nobody can take your house. Nobody can. That's gonna give you a lot of peace.


Alright. Awesome. Thank you guys. Hey, we wish you a great recovery brother. We wish you health and healing my man. Yeah. Let's go out to Columbus and talk to Brina. Hey Brianna. What's up? Hey, how's it going? We're Doing all right. How can, how can we help? Oh, just trying to get past my graduate, my degree of Dumbness. So. I went to that school too. Oh yes. So. I. Have, I have a question for you Based on what do I do with my negative equity? Do I pay off my negative equity before or after I take it to CarMax and see how much they'll give it to Me?


You're not taking it to CarMax. That's number one. Tell us more about the car. I got you. Tell us what you owe and tell us what it's worth. It's A GMC terrain. I owe 16,000 and it is worth six to eight Oh. man. Did you roll negative equity into it? No, I did not. I have 13% interest rate. Wow. And I've had it for a year. Wow. Yep. Okay. Dealership said that they replaced fluids in the transmission and such when they then told me just like a month ago, that's not the case.


'cause I've been dealing with this off and on for over two months. So is the car falling apart on you? The transfer case went out on it. We got that fixed. The torque converter is starting and which is making the transmission act up. Okay. What a mess. Okay. Okay. Yeah, my husband And I are thinking of just leaving it set. My husband is actually completing a job to give us money for a hoopty for him. We've been, we've spent so much money in the past two years. This is our third vehicle in two years that we've had to drain money into.


Okay. So And the other two were paid off. What other debt do you have? Let's put this in perspective. What other debt do you have? So that terrain, A 2012 Dodge 1500, that's around the same. And then, wait, When you say around the same, you mean that you owe 16,000 and it's only worth eight? No. Oh, it's, the truck is worth the payments. Well, the loan is for 16,000. Not sure the what it's worth. Okay. Here's the thing that you need to, here's what we need to talk about when it comes to these cars.


Really quickly before we go. The key here is that we want to be in less debt. So if that means you taking out a small loan from the credit union in order to clear this difference so you can get rid of the vehicle and you're buying the cheapest cash car known to man, that's the only way that you're gonna get out of this. And you've learned a very hard but very valuable lesson to never have a car payment again. You don't want these cars to be any more than 50% of your annual salary. That's the rule going forward. And this is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey you guys, emergencies happen in life. Your dishwasher breaks and floods the kitchen. Your AC goes out in the middle of the summer. Situations like those are why we teach people to have an emergency fund. And when it comes to medical emergencies, there is a medical emergency kit from The Wellness Company. They're great for when you need medicines right away and can't wait for the pharmacy to open. And who has time to wait in line at urgent care medical emergency kits from The, Wellness, Company aren't band-aids and Tylenol. Your medical emergency kit has antibiotics and medicines for over 30 common illnesses like strep throat, pneumonia, UTIs, and more. These are doctor prepared prescriptions like Z-Pak, amoxicillin, and Ivermectin. So they're like having an urgent care in your home. Just answer a few questions@urgentcarekit.com slash ramsey and your medical emergency kit is shipped right to your door. And use the promo code Ramsey at checkout to save 15%. I have one and you should too. That's urgent care kit.com/ramsey. Use the promo code. Ramsey,


Welcome back. This is The Ramsey Show triple eight eight two five five two two five. The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. If you're in default with private student loans, contact Why Refi. And obviously we don't encourage letting your loans get to default. And we also don't encourage everybody to go consolidate everything. There's a very specific challenge and it's these private student loans and we teach responsibility. But these amounts have some of you struggling. And this is a way forward. Why Refi was created for people in your very situation. So go to Why Refi dot com slash ramsey, that's YREF y.com/ramsey.


And this may not be available in all states. Today's question comes from Evie in Massachusetts. She says, I do not feel comfortable sharing finances with my boyfriend, though he's been eager to do so. He's supposed to contribute to our monthly bills, but it is always a few months behind his truck and boat payments are set up to auto withdraw from my accounts. At any given time, he owes me around $15,000. This has been going on for five years. He works for himself, but that work is only really busy for four to six months of the year during which he makes really good money. He wants to get married, but I cannot allow myself to be legally tied to him unless he turns everything around.


I had a recent cancer diagnosis and feel like I need to make a will to protect my assets for my children. And I'm scared to let him know my wishes. Honestly. He's a good man who loves me and my children more than anything. I love him and trust him. I'm just at the end of my rope with his inability to manage money responsibly. I think in addition to Why Refi, this question is also brought to you by some sort of hemorrhoid ointment because I have those based off this call. I, this is, there's a delusion going on here. Yeah. I think the first thing Evie needs to do is go to a mirror and look in it.


He does have an inability to manage money and you do too. You've got his truck and his boat payments coming out of auto withdrawing from your account. Ooh. You're sharing money with somebody you're not married to. And you've got kids from, I'm assuming a previous marriage. My I and y'all are all tangled up in this mess with no legal protection. And it's an absolute wreck. And by the way, if you quote unquote love him and trust him, your body wouldn't be screaming at you to not have this level of vulnerability and and openness with him. There's something else here. I think you want to love him and you want to trust him and he's not proving trustworthy. And you're finding yourself in a situation that you don't wanna be in.


Jade. These things like, it just, it's like by degrees, right? Yeah. And you wake up and you are completely underwater and you can't, you can't swim. You can't breathe and you're chained to the bottom of the pool and you don't even know how to happen. And it's just easy to blame somebody else. But wow. Wow, wow, wow. I mean, I feel like just looking at, I mean obviously we could point out the obvious things like you said, you're not married and you're sharing finances, everything's coming out. Like there's some things that are very obvious, but then there's like, listen, Sky only works six months outta the year. He Only make works six months outta the year. But I'm like, the track record doesn't no fi the financial track record is terrible if you're saying it's been like this for five years. Yeah. That for me, And I, I'm not the expert here, but I'm like, that feels, that's tantamount to just using you.


Yes. That feels that's the way it feels. Yes. I'm only getting that from this, you know, one letter here. But that feels, Lemme say if behavior's a language. Yeah. And he's told you for five years, I don't care what you think, I don't care what you feel, I don't care about your kids. I care about working really hard for a couple of months outta the year after the year. I care about my truck, And I care about my boat and let's get married. Right? Like you said it best. He cares about himself. And at the end of the day, Evie's gotta care about Evie. What, what would cause her and so many of us to get comfortable with the situation that's clearly so dysfunctional Again, like it happens by degrees.


I think it can be that we, we so badly want, and sometimes we feel like we need a situation, a, a job, a marriage, a relationship to work. Because we can't see ourselves on the other side of that, that we just, we just wash over all the negativity. Other times it happens, like I said, it happens just one inch at a time. He comes home and he bought a truck and he, he auto drafted out of your account. He says, Hey, can we do this on your account? We're Just gonna put it all, I'm just gonna put it all in the account. That big check's coming next month and it'll be fine. And that check doesn't come next month. And then he's like, he gets a boat and it's fun for the kids and suddenly you wake up and it's been five years and you realize, oh, I'm building a life with somebody that I don't trust.


That doesn't work. That doesn't tell me the truth. Yeah. And I don't know how to untangle this. And the easiest way to untangle things is just to start pointing fingers at other people. And really the first place you gotta go is the mirror. Yeah. When you find yourself all wound up, you gotta go to the mirror first. So what, then what would we say are action steps for her? 'cause she wrote us a letter. She's like, I'm at the end of my rope. I don't, she thinks it's just a money thing. We know it's far beyond that. so what, what's the action steps? I think action, step number one is to sit down and say, from this point forward, I'm not auto drafting stuff out of my account. I have to protect me and my children. Yeah. So your stuff goes to your account. My, so we separate the funds. That's nuo. That's number one. Number two, if you're not gonna contribute financially, you're not living this home.


And that's a bigger question, which is you want, you keep asking me to get married. You wanna build this life and you are not showing me on a day-to-day basis that that's the world you wanna create. And I can't. I Like she's trying to, she's trying to, she's thinking logically about like, I gotta protect my family. She's just doing it in a sideways way, which I need to make a will to protect my assets. No, you need to stop letting somebody else just take money outta your account. It's almost like she fund Their's Thinking through a, a marriage lens of, Hey, we're sharing our money, we're making a will. If I'm sick, he's taking care of my kid. But they, they don't have that institution in place To protect him. Yeah. Right. It's not true in place. And she doesn't, she's not, doesn't have a person that she trusts or is a person of integrity that's doing this with her.


Right? Yeah. So, I would begin to say, what can I control outta this situation? I can control my bank account. I can control what money comes outta my account. Yeah. I can control whether I'm going to continue to play a house for five years with somebody that I don't trust. And that doesn't work even year round. I mean, those are the hard, hard conversations. And by just looking at this, I think we all know what that means. Yeah. Well, big red flag is I'm scared to let him know my wishes. Yeah. That's it. And if, if you are with somebody for five years and you can't sit across the table and be honest and vulnerable and open. Yeah. I mean that person's not for you. That's a, that's a, that's a tough situation that you find yourself in. So Evie, I'd call somebody who can walk through this with you 'cause it's a tangled mess. This is like a whiplash on a, on an open faced fishing reel.


Man, this is hard to just untangle all by yourself. And so get somebody with you and walk alongside you. And at the end of the day, you're worth more than this mess that y'all have created together. And we wish you peace in your relationships. Yeah. Let's go out to San Antonio and talk to Jesus. What's up? Jesus, I'm up against the clock, so get right to your question. All right. I got you right now. Thank you guys for taking my call. You Got it. What's up? So my, my car just poked down. I still owe 6,000 on the car loan. And I had $13,000 of student loans. I've done my first baby steps. I saved a thousand dollars as an emergency fund. I paid my credit cards off And I currently have a job that makes $87,000 a year apart from the need for a car.


I just don't know how to save. And as silly as it sounds, I just started listening to The, Ramsey Show. So my mind is changing on how to use money. Money. I guess my biggest question is what's my action step? My next action Step? I mean, so you've got the $6,000 car, but it's broken down right now. Correct. How much is it gonna cost to fix it? But maybe three K. Okay. That's, that's a lot for a $6,000 car. Have you been putting that kind of money into it a lot lately? No, not at all. Not at all. Okay then we're getting it fixed. That's for, I mean you gotta be able to get around. So how quickly could you, if you temporarily like pause the baby steps right quick, how quickly could you get that money together to get this car fixed?


Car fixed? I could, I have it already. Oh, I have it already. But I was wondering if I should So I already asked, I already been approved by my bank with a $25,000 loan. No, No, no, no, no. Yeah. You just told me the car was broken down and it costs 3000 to get it fixed. Fix it. The goal is fix it. The goal is to get outta of debt, bro. Not get more debt. Get to zero. Yeah. John makes a good point. If you don't hear anything else from this call, you can't solve a problem while simultaneously creating it. Debt is your problem. If you keep borrowing money, you're gonna continue to be in debt. So you've gotta draw a line in the sand. You say, I'm not borrowing money anymore from this point forward. Spend $3,000, get your car fixed and then it's on to baby. Step two, you list the debts out from smallest to largest. So the car comes first.


You put as much money as you can to that debt till you pay it off, then you attack the student loan. That's it. All you can do is add side hustles to this to make it happen faster. That's it for hour one here on The Ramsey Show. We'll be right back. Hope to see you soon Before we get to the next caller. I got some good news for you. Even when this portion of today's show runs out of time, there's still plenty more for you to tune into. Just head on over to The Ramsey Network app to finish today's show for free right there on the home screen. And if you don't have the app, just search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play. Or simply click the link in the show notes for an easy download.


You never know what call is coming up next. So be sure and check out The Ramsey Network app out. Live From, the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony joined by Jade Warshaw. We're here to help you with your money, your relationships, your mental and emotional health, your work, whatever you got going on in your life. We've got an opinion and it's gonna be worth a about what you pay for it, which is nothing. But give us a buzz at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are live. Let's go out to Laredo, Texas and talk to Joshua. Hey Joshua. What's up man? Hi Dr. John Delony and Jay Walham. Fanboy and so crazy right now.


I can't believe I'm talking to you guys. Dude. We're fanboy too. It's great to hear from you. What's up? Well, I'm just having a lot of trouble with how to emotionally and how to deal with my, my mother and my wife's relationship and my mother's relationship with, with my sons. What's going on? Yeah. What happened? Man, I just, I just feel like, like my mom could do a lot more for, for her own grandkids and, and to be able to fix a relationship with my wife. What happened between her and your wife? So whenever my wife And I started our high school sweethearts pretty much, and my mom didn't like me going out with her at, and then when I was, we went to go ask for her hand.


She said that she didn't want me to marry her because she thought her family was gonna take advantage of me. I asked her why And I honestly don't remember what she said. And then now that we have kids, my wife feels like she's, she could do a lot more of a grandma And I feel the same way too. How have your conversations been with your mom? Have you brought it up to her? I, I brought it up to her before and she says that that 'cause at, at first my wife sees would see favoritism between my oldest and my youngest. And Hey Josh, my wife. Hey Josh. Josh, I don't want you to offload this on your wife. I want you to take responsibility for this on this phone call with me.


Okay. What, what are you experiencing with your mom? Is she treating you, you and your kids and your wife differently? I feel like she just Stop And I but not right. Treating everybody differently. I not out of her character. She's just like that. I don't know what that means. Well I just, she always helps out everybody else before herself and her, her own family. Okay. That's what I feel. Okay.


And have you sat down and said, Hey mom, I would love for you to be more involved in our family and here's a couple of ways that you could do that. No, not, not like that? Not necessarily. Okay. I think at some point you ha you as her son, don't pawn this off on your wife, but you as her son sit down with mom and say, mom, I have this picture of you as grandma of our little ones and you've been all ride or die. And, I would love for you to show up in these ways. And then I'm gonna list these, pick 'em up, kids up from school, show up after school, come be with us, go to holidays, do Sunday lunches after church or whatever the things are instead of this amorphous Well I think that this And I feel this.


You see what I'm saying? Let's make this pretty specific and give your mom a chance to show up in the ways that you guys would like to see her show up. Or the hard part of this relationship is she might not. That's very true. I think that if you have expectations, it's unfair to at least not communicate them. And then they're just a bad guy and they don't necessarily know why. But at least if you said, here's here's what I thought it was gonna look like or here's what you know. And some of it may be fair, some of it may be unfair, but at least you're talking about it. Then at least she has a chance to say, okay, now she can do with this whatever she will. And if she decides, yeah, your expectation is different than what I thought I was gonna do, then at least you can kind of put the situation to bed as opposed to having this continuously like unmet expectation that you never talk about that feels, It is just kind of cruel.


'cause your mom doesn't know what standard to live up to. And here's the other deal, Josh, does your wife know that your mom didn't want y'all to get married? Yes. She, she knows and my wife doesn't feel comfortable with her anymore because of a lot of stuff that has happened in the past. And that's another ma another major. Like what issue on like, well, like that one time that I told you when we were gonna get engaged, my mom said that she thought her family was gonna take advantage of me and then she would, she would talk about her parents really bad 'cause she would be hanging out at the house pretty late and we weren't doing anything bad. It's just that she thought that it was, that her parents were bad parents and stuff like that. Okay. What made her think that?


Is there something specific? Is it a is it a financial thing? Is there more to that? No, not, not that I can think of. I don't know. I mean we were just teenagers and we were just hanging out. How old Are you now? Not at home. I'm 26 years old. How long are we gonna hang onto that? Mom said some dumb rude things about your girlfriend's parents when y'all were dating however many years ago. Now y'all have kids, like the situation's changed. Is she still hanging onto that or is it you guys hanging onto that? I think it's us.


Every time your wife comes in, does she look at her and go, Oh, my gosh, I can't believe you married her. Her parents and family are disgusting. They're taking advantage of you. Does she still talk like that? No. She just keeps quiet. Okay. Maybe she's ashamed of what she said about you guys when you were dating and now your wife's turned out to be a pretty amazing woman and a good mother to your kids and a good co-creator of the world y'all are creating together and she doesn't know how to reenter that conversation. Who knows? My guess is your mom saw her little boy date and falling head over here heels for some girl and she didn't know how to say, you're my baby boy. And I don't want you dating anybody. And she just ran her mouth.


Is there some, is there, is that a possibility? Yes. That that is a possibility. Okay. Have, have your wife's parents taken advantage of you? No. Okay. So I think that the time now is to stop wishing your mom would live up to a standard that you guys are kind of, it's kind of amorphous, And, I. Think it's time to let things that were said when y'all were teenagers. Go and let's sit down with mom and say, we miss you and we want you in our life in this way. And I know that you didn't want me to marry her. I did. We've got a family and we want you to be a part of it. You get to choose. 'cause I, I really don't, I mean, Jade tell me if I'm crazy.


I don't know another option, Josh than, than just to sit here and have this weird, these weird feelings and your wife's gonna have to forgive. Am I, am I crazy? No, no, no, no. I think And I also like I would never, like also as growing up, I would never defend my wife and certain things that would happen with my family, the way they would treat her, now I'm realizing what I've been doing wrong. And. I'm trying to change that and putting boundaries. So excellent. I think maybe that could be a, a thing That's Excellent. Why they would react a certain way. And you're also allowed to say, nobody is allowed to talk about my wife that way. And if y'all choose to talk about my wife that way, then y'all are choosing for me to leave.


'cause I'm gonna walk out the door and my family's coming with me. I hope you'll choose not to do that. And apologize. Take your wife's by both hands and look her in the eye or hold her face and look at her eye and say, I did not stick up for you when I was a kid. And I'm sorry, And I let things go. And I shouldn't have. And I'm really sorry, but a lot of what you're talking about sounds like y'all are trafficking in the past and you've got two kids. You're 26 years old, you're a grown man, you're creating a life together. And if you want your family with it, you gotta give 'em a chance to step up. Does that sound right, Jade? 100%. All right, let's, let's live moving forward man. And give your family a chance to step up or to step out. This is The Ramsey Show.


Dying without a will can cost your family thousands of dollars in legal fees and administrative costs. A will gives you peace of mind, knowing things will be taken care of the way you want and it saves your loved ones extra stress at a tough time. So making a will on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com should be your number one thing on your to-do list. And if you need another reason, August is National Make a Will month. You guys creating your will takes just 20 minutes on MamaBear Legal Forms dot com. Heck, you can do it during halftime of the game if you're watching, so you got no excuse. Plus you can make changes to your will for free for up to 180 days until you're completely satisfied. There are a lot of online wheel companies out there, but with Mama Bear, there are no membership fees, no subscription, and no upselling. The price you see at the beginning is the price you pay. So go to MamaBear Legal Forms dot com and save 20% with the promo code Ramsey. And now you really have no excuse not to get it done. That's 20% off at MamaBear Legal Forms dot com with the code Ramsey.


Hey, it's Rachel Cruz And. I'm pumped to tell you that the new 2025 Ramsey Goal Planner is here with all new encouragement and guidance from Dr. John, Delony, Jade Warshaw, and me. You'll get what you need to stay focused and organized to go after the life you want financially, relationally, and spiritually. Plus, this year's planner is so beautiful with a new cover, a vision board, and all the features you love. It sells out every year. So head to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warhol. Hey, take a quick minute, not a minute. Take a quick 10 seconds and wherever you happen to be listening or watching to the show, please hit the subscribe button or the like button. Leave a five star review. It just makes such a difference. It kicks the show up into the algorithms and it puts this important information in front of millions and millions of people who otherwise never would've seen it. And all of us are worried, and all of us are looking around saying, Hey, what we're doing is not working, but nobody has a, a, a, a light in the darkness. And that's what this show is. It's totally counter-cultural. Don't owe anybody anything live free.


Let your families go through life with peace inside your home. And man, just a quick like, and subscribe can help get that information and that spirit and so many more homes. So thank you so much for doing that for us and for your neighbors, for you. Let's go out to Pittsburgh and talk to Tyler. Hey Tyler. What's up brother? Hey. Hey, Tyler. Hey. I'm doing good. how are you? That's you man. I'm John. Good to see you. I can't see you. Good to talk to you. How about that? Let's just start the whole thing over. Hey Tyler. Hey, how you doing, John? Great. Great. What's up? Hey, nothing much. So looking to purchase a McLaren 600 LT spider.


The car is 200. Well, that's just a couple hundred grand Good for you. Thank you. Thank you. But it's probably gonna be the biggest purchase of my life next to the house that I live in. Can I tell you, can I tell you something hilarious. I'm currently negotiating with James over like a 98 for runner. Like literally, God, he just stuck his head into talk about it. So go ahead with your McLaren purchase. Tyler So. I really, I mean, I'm just looking for some professional advice here on the purchase because obviously it's a, it's a pretty hefty price tag. I think I'm in a good financial position to afford the car. What's a cost? But I, I wanted to turn to some experts.


The cost is 223,000. Wow. Wow. I just don't even know how to act. Okay, cool. I'm gonna act really nonchalant. Cool. Okay, cool. What's your net worth? It's around 1.4 million right now. Nice. Okay. Looking good. Let's find out. Are you paying cash for the car? I can, but I know that there's also benefits with a leasing structure. I own a small tech company, So I. I also am earning about 5.3% right now on my high yield interest savings account. Okay. So, I. You know, if I should leave some money in there or if I should pay cash for the car.


I mean, if you're calling us, the only way I would get this car is if you paid cash for it because you can afford it and it's done and done. I'm assuming that you don't have any other debt laying around. That would change my mind. Here. I've got $15,000 on another auto loan, but that's locked in at 3.5 right now. And since my savings account is earning more than that, Did you say you have a $15,000 loan laying around? I do. Why? Why? You, you could be totally free big. I could be totally free. And I know that that's what you're big on. The the big reason why I'm not is because it's locked in at 3.5, but it Be locked in at zero.


It'd be locked In us. Have you factored in the depreciation? You're losing money because you're, you're taking a 5% count against your, your three point whatever it is, but your car is going down in value, Right? And so you're, your calculation. You think you're winning and you're not. And you're saying based on depreciation only. No, I'm saying number one, you're not because there's a psychology to this and And, I, And I know that nobody wants to factor that in. But part two is, yeah, the car is worth less money every day. You drive it and you're, and you keep saying you're locked in And, I, keep going. Yeah, that's the problem.


You're locked in. No matter what happens to your finances, no matter what this car bottoms out at, you're still paying that same amount of money across the board. Dude, I, I'm just telling you what I do in my house, I would pay it off right this second. You, you're a millionaire. You have a 50,000 card. What are you doing? Well, let's keep talking 'cause I Wanna know more. I Wanna know What's your income every year? So I'm, I'm salary with my company for about 110 a year. And then I pull a bonus that's between about 90 and 120 a year. Okay. Depending On how well we Do. Okay. So that puts you at about 200,000 a year. The the, you're gonna spend, it's not looking good. I'm just letting you know right now, Tyler, it's not looking Good for you.


Let's keep, let's keep rolling out the numbers. Tell us about your Home. So it's lakefront condo. I, I visit in Cleveland with some family. It's fully owned and it's about $300,000 is the appraised value. That's what it's worth. And it's fully, fully owned. What, what other properties? Do you have any other properties that have mortgages? Nope. Nope. It's fully owned. That's the only property. Okay. So it's really just this $15,000 car and then between the, the property and your other investments, you're at 1.4 million net worth, but your income is 200,000. Yeah, you could say 200. Yep. And I'm maxing out the 401k maxing out the IRA money and savings So I think you're doing really, really, really, really, really, really well.


But here's just a couple of rule of thumbs. I have a feeling that you're gonna go and, and do what you wanna do. But let me just give you some just food for thought here. Typically we would say, if you are a net, you know, if you're a baby steps a millionaire, your net worth is a million dollars or more. You have the ability to buy a brand new vehicle outright. Like at that point, you've done well enough that if you spend the right amount, you should put, be able to put that money in a pile and burn it to the ground and your heart rate shouldn't change. Right. But then there's another parameter to that where we say, okay, but it shouldn't be any more than half of your annual salary. And if you do this McLaren, you are at more than your annual salary. So if you said, Hey, I wanna buy $100,000 car outright, or I wanna buy, you know, even if you said it was like 105 or 120, I'd probably be like, yeah, let, let's do it.


But I really do think because of your annual salary, I think that this is too much car for you. I think if we took that $223 And, I, I, you know, did a Wiley Coyote, And I put some dynamite on it and blew it up in the middle of the desert, I think that you would start sweating. Yeah, I I know what you mean. Which you're right. Absolutely. So I. Don't think it's, I respect the opinion. I mean, it's my opinion and, and it, and it it is mine. But I don't think you're quite, I wouldn't do it if I were in your shoes. Yeah. Can I ask you, like, if somebody called and they made 60 grand a year and they, they had a paid for a condo and they said they wanted to buy a $60,000 car, I would say please don't do that.


'cause you're putting yourself, you're putting yourself at a pretty significant financial risk. What is it about this 200 and a core of a million dollar car? What is it about this car that's, that's, that's got you got, got you. By the guts. And I. Think that's gonna be the, the game changing question hopefully is that they only made 345 of these cars. They're an extremely limited production. So it's rare and it's, it's pretty much being considered a collector's item at this point. And I, I think it will maintain its value or if not appreciate over time, because obviously cars with this caliber are depreciating rocks most of the time. Is It a P one? There's no denying that.


No, I, no, that'd be a million dollar car, man. I wish. Okay, which one do you have? 'cause I'm just doing a cursory look here. And it said outside of the P one, McLaren's are losing 30% of their, they depreciate pretty quick. You know what I, I won't argue with, with dude, you know, when I drive, I drive an old truck. So you, I'm clearly biased. I'm clearly bias here. Like I just, I just don't put money depreciating assets. There's, if you there, think it'll go up. I, I just can't imagine spending a whole year's salary on car. Well, there's a part of this scale though, let's be honest. There's, let's go back to that. You know, half of your yearly salary, there's a part of that equation that if your net worth, worth certain amount.


I know probably that's, that's true. Probably. I throw that. That's true. I Jade would throw that out the window. So you can hold me to that. I don't, I at 1.4 and knowing that if you were pulling out of this investment tape to, to, to make that happen and make you go down to 1.2, I just don't feel comfortable with that. If you had called me and said, Hey, my net worth is even 3 million, I might be like, oh, okay. Yeah. Alright. You know, Or what's your cash position, brother? Yeah. How much cash do you have in the bank? In the bank right now I've got about 350,000. And that's aside from the 1.4 million. That's a part of the 1.4. That's part of the one point. The 1.4 is obviously the condo that I own. And then the ebitda.


Yeah. Which I, I'm the sole owner. My, if I'm, if I'm you, if I, if I walk up in your shoes, And I loved cars the way you did, I, I feel like it's too soon. I'm still sticking to that 50% rule. If my net worth were higher, I'd probably reconsider. So do it. That what you will, I'm gonna try to convince you to get a nice new Highlander Stop. He's not getting a Highlander. John, get a Highlander. I'm not even getting a Highlander. John.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. You know, some people think budgeting means they can't have any fun with money. And I know this because that was me. But the truth is, budgeting doesn't limit your freedom. It actually gives you freedom. A budget is simply telling your money where to go. And the best way to do this is with EveryDollar, my favorite budgeting app. It'll help you create a plan for your money that fits your lifestyle. So whether it's a spontaneous date night or an epic Disney cruise budget for some fun, download EveryDollar for free today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show and right here in Nashville on the debt-free stage right inside Ramsey Solutions headquarters. Jay and Yvette are here from Raleigh, North Carolina. How much have you guys paid off? We have paid $91,168 and 80 cents in student loan debt. What? A student loan debt? Yes. Let's Go. Not that we're counting each penny. Love It. Oh, I was, Wow. How long did that Take? It took us about nine months. Holy moments. Okay. Okay. Alright. Tell me that story.


So, about a decade ago, my brother gave me this year Ramsey book. Yeah. So I opened it up. It took me a few years. I'm a little bit hardheaded sometimes, so it took me a few years. And I opened it back up, got along, got my budget sorted out a little bit better. Once we got married in December 17th, 2022, my wife, And I, my wife, And I, sat down. We had a planning and financial and planning meeting in which we laid out the plan for our next so many years, five, five years or so financially in what we wanted to do and what kind of life we want to have for how are we gonna serve, serve God.


And so we looked at, we laid out, what was it, three years worth of debt repayment that we was gonna take a and we didn't want to put life on hold just so that we can pay off debt for years and years and years and get off and stay on that treadmill. So basically we sat down, had the meeting, had a, had a planning session, And I had laid out. This'll take us maybe a year, year and a half if we Make sacrifices. So, So what were you making? Because you did this in nine months. Yes. So when we first started out, we were making about $125,000 between the two of us. Okay. I am a registered nurse and my husband is a technical engineer with Cisco.


Okay. So then once we finished the plan and we realized, wait, we need to increase our income if we wanna do this in less than three years. Yeah. Which is what we calculated it would take us to do if we stayed with the current income. So then as a registered nurse, I had some options on what I could do. Yeah, you did. So we, we talked it over and we're like, okay, let's do travel nursing. So we looked into it, he's the numbers guys. He lays out the budget and he looks into them. We researched, we looked to see what areas and what each, you know, region of the country were paying. So we decided to move to Missouri, St. Louis, Missouri for about a year. Wow. And then there increased our income drastically, I would say. And that's the reason it took us nine months. So What'd you increase it to?


Between the two of us Ended up being about two, a little over 200,000 Between the two of us. Holy crap. Yeah. Wow. That's amazing. So you dropped it from nine months, from three years to nine months. Correct. And that took though, and, and, and man, what y'all did, we talk about this off air a lot. Just like, man, somebody calls and they say, Hey, I wanna live in Manhattan. I wanna be a book editor. And I wanna pay off a hundred grand of student loans. And we always say, man, one of those variables has to give. Yeah. And y'all said, we are gonna make a one year sacrifice living in a town with a community of people we don't know, a place we don't know, but we researched it. Here's where we can get the most ahead. The most bang for our buck. Right. The lowest cost of living. Plus the highest return. And I'm assuming Jay, you can work from anywhere.


Work from home. That's amazing. And y'all just moved somewhere and did y'all still live there or have y'all now moved? We are on our way home actually. Come on. I love that. Just hold on, we're going home. That's so great. So the book you're holding is the Total Money Makeover, right. What caught, tell me, what was the, the light bulb moment? Like, what made you go, you know what, yes. This guy knows what he's talking about. I'd say over, over years of listening to the, to the program on the radio, it, it takes a while for it to sink in. It's not a distinct moment. So, and that's the same as any, any kind of journey you're on. It takes, it takes some time for things to sink in. Same for you, Yvette. I would say just looking at it and just like three years is a long time.


And we had just gotten married and of course I wanna have a baby. So yeah, I'm like, three years is a long time. We both agreed that we would wait to get out of debt before we started family planning. Okay. So I'm like three years or cut it down to a year if we move and just, you know, do what needs to be done for a year. Again, make that sacrifice for a temporary sacrifice to, to get a, a long-term goal going. Wow. It's not sustainable if you're planning on doing it for years and years and years. But Gazelle Mode is designed so that you can do it in a short period of time. That's right. Wow. So tell us what it's like. You know, paint us a picture of what it felt like before you got ahold of, you know, total Money Makeover and Ramsey principles. And then paint us a picture of what your life feels like as It man trying to leave lead a family.


You, you have a lot of pressure on your shoulders and so you don't want to be not able to provide for your family. And ultimately having a system that both tells you, yeah, there's a lot of scary things out there, but you have a way to deal with it. A system that works that's biblically based that you can actually apply and you know, you're, even if it fails, you're still trying your best. That that's, that's what mattered to me. But what it's, what's important as well is that it did not fail. We're here. That's right. Yeah. That's Right. Hey Yvette, can you speak to those who are out there? They are in love with somebody who loves themself a spreadsheet and they don't and they have dream.


I know. I can see it. And they have dreams, what they want their life to be. And if it wasn't for that spreadsheet loving friend of theirs or marriage partner of theirs, they would just go on about their life. There. There can be some shame there, there can be some, oh, I brought this dead into this marriage. There, there can be that heaviness. Right. And it sounds like you, you, yep. Here it is. It's on the table. And we're, there's a lightness about you. It was like, yep, I did. And we're gonna go make this right and we're gonna get on about our lives. What would you say to that person who doesn't want it on the table, doesn't want to talk about it? Is is carrying that, well this is my debt. I brought this into the marriage or this whatever relationship I'm in. What would you say to that person?


For me, first of all, I didn't really feel the burden that I brought the debt into the marriage. 'cause it was very clear that, okay, this is ours now before we got married through mayoral counseling. Good on Youj. That's awesome. We just, yeah, we decided that we were gonna put our things together and become one So. I didn't really have any burden on that in that regard. I love that. However, as far as bringing things into the table, when he brought it over, we had probably a two hour long business meeting that for me, And I was just like, I need a break. Can I get a little bit of a break after five minutes? Like do it and fragment for me Kind of thing. That was one of the greatest two hours of Jay's life Business meeting For me. Yeah. But after that meeting, and once I saw the numbers and it made sense, I was like, okay, let's do what we need to do.


And the most important things out of all of this is the fact that we came under one unified plan. I saw the plan, I agreed with the plan, I knew what it would take to put that plan into action, but I also saw the work that he put into it and that together we could do it. So it was just selling me on that to together we can do it together, we can do it. So we agreed, we unified ourselves and we did it, It took six months after we were married, before we actually did the travel nursing. Right. So it was not forcing it on her to, to up and leave. I can't put that on my wife. That's not, that's not, wouldn't be fair. Sure. So it took six months. So once late we laid it out and then we saw the numbers six months later, it wasn't like, Hey, we're married, we're jumping.


Right. And doing it Good for you guys. So who, who was your biggest champions through this time? I would say our families. They've been through the journey with us, just kind of like hearing's. Like, sorry guys, we can't do this. We're getting out of debt. I'm sorry, we can't, we can't do this weekend. We're trying to get outta of debt. So for, they were very patient with us just understanding as well. Just like, Hey, I'm sorry this costed a little too much. And of course the budget, we, we stuck with the budget. And even with us, if there's something that needs to be, that we need to buy or want to buy, rather, it's just like, where's the money coming from? I'm the Spender. So she keeps me a lied a little bit on that. Oh, You're the spender. I'm The spender. So, which interesting, right? Yeah. The nerd is the spender.


Interesting. But we have a question. That's a game. Yes. We have a question. Alright. Is it in, is it in the budget? There you go. There you go. Well, J in Yvette paid off 91,000. Say the number again. I'll let you say it. 91,168 80 cents In nine months. You packed up, you moved across the country. Y'all made a whole bunch of sacrifices and you knocked this out because you've got bigger dreams ahead. We're so proud of you. Thank you. Come down to it. Count it down. Let's hear your debt free scream. We're down free. Yeah.


Amazing. Amazing. Wow. So Jade, gosh, You know, when they count 1, 2, 3, it's gonna hit different Well than when they count 3, 2, 1. Yeah. Dude, We talk about this all the time. It's almost always how fast you get out. Like what kind of sacrifices are you willing to make, man, will you move? Will you sell everything? Will you take new jobs? Will you just get super, super uncomfortable? So And I, love the way you said it so we can get on with the rest of our life. Yeah, I love it. I love it. I love it. If you are listening out there in Radio Lander podcast land, this could be you too. This could be you too. We are rooting for you and we're here with you.


We'll be right back on The Ramsey Show


Listen tickets for the live like no one else. Cruisers selling fast. This is the ultimate debt-free vacation. And I can't wait to celebrate with all the folks who've worked their butts off and changed their family trees. We will be sailing through the blue waters of the Caribbean with the Ramsey personalities and other special guests. A bunch of cabin options are already sold out. So Hurry and reserve yours with a $600 deposit today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm John Delony, joined by Jade Warshaw. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Alright, we are heading into the fall and it's time. It's time. Those of you out there who went B-A-N-A-N-A-S with your money this summer, going to every summer camp and sending your kids to every whatever, traveling. We'll just pay for it later. Well later is here. So this fall, let's get your money in the right place. I want you to join Rachel Cruz in the EveryDollar team for free live training. Free live training on Wednesday, August 28th at one Eastern time, 12 Central. To help you get clarity with your money. You can register for free at www dot EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. And I have heard, if you say www, it means you're a hundred years old, go to EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. Over a hundred thousand people have registered for this free life training in the past, and now it's your turn. The number one way to eliminate debt is to budget. The number one way to build wealth is to budget. And the number one way to get on the same page with your spouse about money is to budget. The number one way to eliminate stress in your financial life, you got it, is to budget it's time. You know it's time. No shame. Let's just sit down and get this stuff squared away. EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. August 28th, free with Rachel Cruz.


Let's go out to the 5 0 5 Albuquerque, New Mexico and talk to Esmaralda. Hey Esmaralda. What's up? Hey guys. You know, I just had a question. I'm right now engaged. I've been with my, my fiance for five years and five Years. Tell him me, let's go. I know. Oh, we're, we're kind of not in a rush. We'd like to get all our debt and every, all our baggage out of the way before we kind of tie the knot. Why, why, Why? Trust me, you're gonna bring plenty of baggage into this marriage. Both of you. Well, He, he was married before and got outta the divorce some debt.


And I. Guess he just kind of wanted to start fresh in, in this new venture. Oh, so you're saying he wants to clean up his debt before marrying you. Is that it? I I, I believe so, yes. How do you feel about that? Are you fine to jump in to it, to together? You know, I'm, I've been supportive a hundred percent of the way and I'm ready to get our life started, but I I do understand where he's coming from. What's The debt? How much is it? So I. Think he's about, Hmm, 25, 30,000 in the whole right now. And I, I have a little bit of debt myself. How Much I have about 40,000, 35 is my car.


And 10 And I guess personal loans and, and credit cards. Did you know that you can go further faster together? You know, I, I've been listening to Ramsey and everybody on The, Ramsey Network for about a couple of months now. And I'm really kind of just trying to get everything in control. And I, I really want to get debt free. And I. I wanna jump into this. I'm, I'm ready. Yeah. I think you tell him that It's kind of getting him on track with me. Yeah, I think that's the conversation you need to have. 'cause it's one thing to not be in a rush, but five years is like a, like a snails pa it looks like, dang, a snail passed you.


It, it's pretty slow. Yeah. It's, it's crazy how the time has has passed. Listen, and this is not just for you, this is for anybody listening. Debt is not a reason to postpone your life together. If you're with a person that you know you wanna marry, debt is not a reason to postpone that work together. Paid off together. Yeah. Get married like that. It's not, I know a lot of people call in and they say, well, as soon as I get myself together then we'll, you know, as soon as I pay off my debt, then we'll And. I'm like, I don't think I've been with the same person for like 45 years. I'm still getting myself together. I got a long way to go. So you, you're gonna figure it out. The bigger conversation is that you're on the same page about money.


Do you see what I'm saying? Oh yeah. It's not about, Hey, I have 50,000, let me clean it up. She has $70,000. Let her clean it up the big, because you could both clean up your debt, but if the behavior hasn't changed, that same person's gonna go back into 50 or $70,000 of debt. So the most important thing is, if you wanna to get your quote, get yourself together before getting married, then decide what your views are on money and debt going forward. That's, that's the only thing that you need to get on lock, you know, financially beforehand. So I'd be asking him, I'd be saying, listen, we both have debt. You know, we both had lives before we met each other and we both made mistakes. Okay, how do you feel going forward? Because I've been listening to this Ramsey thing and may, and maybe don't even say that first.


Just say, let him say what his views are and then you go, okay, got it. And then you say, well, if they're opposing, say, well, I've been listening to this, you know, Ramsey, Network, And, I really don't wanna mess with debt anymore. I really want it outta my life. I know that we have plans to clean up our debt, but I don't even want to go into debt anymore after that. And those are the things you need to be talking about. And, I, I really wanna build wealth. And I really wanna be one of those people that invests, you know, 15% of their money into their 401k. Like, those are the things that you need to be talking about. Not paying off your debt before you say I do. And so, so We, we've been all really good about putting into our 401k getting things set up.


We're doing really well in that aspect. It's just kind of, I guess, taking control of the little bits of debt that we have outside of that, once it leaves the account and goes directly into the 401k, we don't, it doesn't bother us. It's having to pay it is, I think what kind of scares him. And he says sometimes he doesn't like to look at his bank account and see how much money he has. And he is kind of nervous about that. So I thought about maybe combining our bank accounts And No, no, no, no, no. Okay. As a great Beyonce said, not until he puts a ring on you. No, no, No.


Oh, she also said, no, no, no, no, no. That's right dude. Okay. Esmerelda, no, do not combine your bank accounts. Yeah, don't do that. Okay. What you're trying to do is fix his problem by taking control of it yourself. If his problem is he's an ostrich and he is bearing his head in the sand, he needs to be a big boy and come up and go, no, I've gotta look at this with both eyes wide open. See what it is. Okay. If you say, oh, you're afraid to look at it, I'll just put it in my account and I'll just do it for you. That is something that you definitely don't wanna start. Here's what I wanna walk through with you and before you get off the line, we're gonna give you financial peace university. I think you and him need to go through it to together and let us teach you all the parameters around this.


Because even you talking Esmeralda, I can tell that you're wanting to do the right thing, but you're doing a lot of the right things in the wrong order and it's gonna cause you to go slower. So it's gonna walk through the baby steps. Yeah. I tried the EveryDollar app too, and I haven't really gotten all the use out of it that I know I can, but I, you know, I kind of need him to be on the same page with me as well. That's true. But you do. But right now you guys are, are doing your money separately and he Won't marry you right now. So you gotta take care of you. Okay. You can't keep waiting around from him. Yeah. You really can't. Because you might also find right now, right now there in the financial side of things, I've heard nothing but yellow and red flags. Okay?


So you guys get to deal with those. But I want as marelda to come away from here and know, okay, I know what I'm doing. I'm walking these seven baby steps. The first one is I'm getting a thousand dollars saved. And I. If I have more money saved beyond that, then I'm gonna throw it at baby step two, which is I'm paying off all of my consumer debt, everything except my mortgage. And I'm not investing, by the way, until I do that. 'cause I need that money to pay off this $40,000 of debt. And then you're gonna save up Esmeralda three to six months of expenses, your expenses, what it costs to live your life and do your budget. And then Esmeralda, after you've done that, then you would begin investing 15% of your income every single month. That is your gross amount.


The amount before taxes is what I want you putting away. And So, I want you to focus on those first four baby steps on your own until this guy decides that he wants to put on a ring, put, put a ring on it, you know? And, and Esmeralda, I think you can be okay sitting down and saying, I wanna do the rest of my life with you. I, I'm, I'm, I'm ready. And Jade, I I always, it always feels like an excuse to me. Yeah. It always feels like, well, whenever this happens and then whenever this happens, It's only $25,000 a day he should have been had that paid Off. I know. And Esmeralda probably sell your car. We could dig in that on another call, but probably sell your car. Most of yours is, is that, is that vehicle I'm just saying Him? If if Oh heck yeah. If that was the problem, yeah. It's $25,000.


Bro. For all of you listening to the show on YouTuber podcast, it's about to end. But more calls are coming up in The, Ramsey, Network mobile app. The Ramsey Network app is the only place to finish full episodes of the radio. The, Ramsey Show. If you're listening to this on the radio, stay right where you are. We're gonna continue two ways to get the free app. Click the link in the show notes or search Ramsey Network in the app store or Google Play. Don't miss what's coming up next. Go finish the show in the app for completely free. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep, you heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bottom Bing, bottom B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.