
Hey guys, it's James Charles, producer of The Ramsey Show. This week, Dave and the personalities are living it up on the RAMSEY Cruise. So we've put together a compilation of some of our favorite calls and segments from the last year. Regular shows are back next week. Hope you enjoy Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Jade Warshaw. I'm joined today by bestselling author Rachel Cruz.


Thank you for being here with me today, Rachel. So great, Jay. All Right. It's be a good Show. It sure is all hour. We're gonna be taking calls about your life and your money. So give us a call. The number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll take your call and we will give you our best shot at advice. I think we do a pretty good job, but I guess at the end of the day it's up to you. So let's go straight to the phone lines where we've got Jason from San Jose, California. What's going on, Jason? All Right, Thanks for taking my call. The problem that we're having is my wife and I can't decide if we're in baby steps 3, 4, 5, or six. And we seem to be moving in and out of those, those baby steps.


Okay, Tell me more. Well, we make about $320,000 is our household income. We've got two mortgages, one on our primary home with about $220,000 left to pay on it. And then we have a rental property that we break even on every month and we've got about 300,000 left on that. We both save for our retirement and we max that out every year to, to get the matching contributions. I have ESPP along with other investments that I, that I place. And then we have college funds for our kids. And the issue is I manage, so my wife manages all the month to month, you know, daily checking operations and she wants to have the six month savings in, you know, in a savings account tied to the checking account.


And I keep explaining to her and showing her that, hey, we've got all this money elsewhere. You know, money market funds and you know, stocks and you know, you Know what's in the money market. The money market has about a hundred thousand in there. Okay. Would you say that that's more than six months of expenses? Oh yeah, definitely. Definitely. Yeah. Okay. And so you're saying she wants money on top of that? It sounds like she just wants a little slush fund so that when if you go over budget, it's all good, right? No, 'cause we, we do use the, the money app and that's working out well. She just wants to have I she access to it. Yeah. Well I don't know if it's, yeah, I don't know if it's much access. I just wonder, Jason, because in your head, yeah, there's money there, but it's kind of attributed to whatever may be needed.


And I think for her, there could be a level of safety of saying, Hey, we're gonna open up a, you know, a new account in this money market account and we're labeling it to the emergency fund and we're gonna have six months in there and that's it. And like that, that's what it's titled. That's what it's labeled and that's what it is. And nothing else. Because when you start to say, 'cause I could even feel that like, yeah, there's money here or there and there's some stocks. And it's like, okay, but how, how can I get to it if we really need it? I think it's more of a security thing for her. And I think, and I think that level of organization too is really healthy and good. And so what you could do, Jason, seriously, and, and this is what we tell people for your emergency fund, it's its own account. It's over here. You don't touch it unless you need it.


But it's designated specifically for that. And do, would that help her, do you think? If you just say, yeah, we're gonna take some of this a hundred thousand have another account, we're not touching it, but it's here if we need it. I, I think it would, but the question is, you know, the follow up question to that is, do we stop the baby steps four, five and six to get Money? No. 'cause you have a hundred thousand, you have the money, you have the money in, in that money market account, that a hundred thousand Oh, I see. Could be it. Oh, I see. Is It just because it's the same place where like all your re like where all of your retirement is and like where all your investing is, is that why she's not viewing it as an emergency fund? That's right. Yeah. And you know, we've had issues come up like last year in the rental we had a flood that we had to deal with and we went into, you know, we went into one of the accounts, we pulled the money out, we paid cash, there was no issue.


Yeah. 'cause it's, you know, we've got peace, It's, Yeah. And then did you go back and replenish that? 'cause in her head she's like, oh my gosh, we've used that. Is it here? I don't know. I could see what she's saying. 'cause that's how I am. Like we have a high yield savings account, Jason, my husband and I. And so we'll put extra savings every month in this fund. But underneath it, like when I go into ally.com, we have one line that says like savings. We have one line that says emergency fund with that amount of money. And I need those separate. Like I need to know the buckets. There's this, there's this here. And we don't touch that. But everything else is just extra savings on top of what we need. You know, if, if something happens at a rental, if we need, if we're going on a trip or something like here's money we spent, here's money we just don't touch.


And it's here just in case crap hits the fan. And that feels good to me with the distinction. Like even Jason, this may sound crazy, even to the point that I'm like, if we're talking about money, I'm like, well babe, how much is in the, is in the high yield? He'll give me the number. And I'm always like, does that count Count? Is that the emergency fund? Does it, Does that count the emergency fund? Are you adding those together? And he is like, no, I never add them together for your sanity. And I'm like, thank you. So It's so you, so you don't think we should slow down on, on paying off the mortgage early? You No, You have it. You have the Money, you have the money. So I would take that, what? That I would take part of that a hundred thousand that you have in cash or somewhere else. I don't care where you get it and get a six month emergency fund in a new account and labeled emergency fund. And I think that will ease her, her tension.


I really do. I think that would be, that's what I would do. Okay. That's what I would want personally. I I just wanna make sure we're covering this because the screen says we can't save up an emergency fund and is there something we're missing here? Is it just as simple as relabeling this money? Yeah, it is. It's because she wants, you know, in the regular checking savings account that are, you know, in the day-to-day operations, she wants to see the savings account be the six months. And I'm saying She's wrong about that. I wanna Do that. She's wrong about that and saying, if we wanna do that, then we gotta stop. You know, we gotta stop on the, you know, the extra mortgage payments we're making. We gotta stop on the 401k payment. We gotta, you know, we've gotta stop those other baby steps to rebuild that, that six month savings.


Well I think you, I think you, I think you guys both have a place where you need to concede a little bit because to her what she wants is I wouldn't keep the emergency fund with the normal checking and you know, like we have, we have Ally where we do all of our savings and then we have like Chase over here that has, you know, other things. And so I wouldn't keep it with your normal day-to-day funds. But to your point, I mean we recommend all the time you can keep it in a money market or you can keep it in a high yield savings account. So whatever feels right. But to Rachel's point, you do have that money. And so I think that you guys both have to give a little intake a little, you have to be willing to pull it out of a money market 'cause for whatever reason that's making her feel some type of way. And then she's gotta be fine with you putting it in someplace else that has a nice rate of return, you know?


Yeah. Because Ally's a great one. We Used to say back when cash was like the prevalent thing of the emergency fund. Yeah. And you would be like, you know, don't put it in the sock drawer where the pizza guy can get it. That's right. Like, like kind of that joke that like, it can't be so accessible that you just go and you can just get it. You know, You wanna forget about it. Yes. You Know, we, We feel really blessed because we don't argue about this. This is just like, you know Yeah. Never argue about money. We don't, we don't have to. Yeah. And it's just like, what's the best approach, you know? Yes. Yeah. Yep. I think, I think for her to know she can get access to it if you guys need it for an emergency, number one and number two for her, just peace of mind that there's extra money over here, it's for this, it's not gonna get tied up in some stock deal that you're doing Jason here. That Right. Like, it's like there's a level of like that's for the emergency pet and we don't touch it.


And I think Okay. Now one, one quick, quick question now, do you pay off your primary first or your rental first? Primary you the baby sink primary. Okay. I want the place where you guys lay your head at night to be completely debt free and peaceful. Perfect. Awesome. Thank you so much. Yep. Thank you for the call. That's a really, you know, that's an interesting thing, Rachel, because I do think that when it comes to savings, you know, you do have to keep it a little bit, it's gotta be enough out of reach to where you don't quote, accidentally spend it. But at the same time it's gotta be liquid enough to where if the water heater goes out and you can't cash flow it, you can get to it. That's right. So you don't wanna invest it. And you made a good point earlier that, and I don't think this was her, I from what he was saying, but you also don't wanna have a bunch of money so that you can be lazy with your budgeting and you spend more than you make.


But it's okay 'cause we got 10 grand over here, we'll just get it. Yeah, don't, don't let it be a cushion for your everyday expenses. It's a cushion between you and life when the big stuff happens. That's your emergency fund not to cover lifestyle. That's right. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are taking your calls at AAA 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting with Jade Warshaw and we're gonna go to Brandon in Columbus, Ohio. Hey Brandon, welcome to the show. Hey, how are you doing today? We're Doing great. How can we help? So the reason I'm calling is I can't seem to build any kinda wealth whatsoever. Hmm. Wow. What's happening? Tell us more. Well, you know, I got, I got three boys and I got a wife that stays at home and I'm the only income, but I think I'll make okay money, but every time I try to build some wealth, you know, like something happens with the kids or, yeah.


Okay. You know, something on that line. Tell us about your income. What are you making every year? Well, I'm a union electrician. Okay. So I make about 1528 if I work on Saturdays. Okay. And I usually work Saturdays. So every month. If you look at your budget, how much is on that top item? My budgets, it takes about 4,800 and some change maybe. Okay. But Is that what you're bringing in 4,800 Income wise? That's what you're bringing in? Income wise, I'm bringing in maybe about six. Okay. So 6,000.


Okay. And then do you guys have debt? Well, you know, I got, I got my Jeep and my old lady has her, her van. And is that on payments? It? I wish it wasn't, but it is. Yeah, That's fine. How much, how much do you guys owe on, on yours? Well, my Jeep, I got maybe, maybe eight, 8,000 left and on her van we just had to get, so it's around 22. Okay. How much said you just got it? Yeah, we just got it maybe about a week ago. How Much are your car payments in the, on those, both of those? Well, that's where it's eating me. Yeah, I bet T on my Jeep.


On my Jeep I'm paying about four on her van. I'm paying around six. Ooh, I bet You. Ooh. Yeah, it's thousand dollars. Okay, what else? So you got the Jeep, the van, what else do you have? Are there credit cards? Do you have any other loans? No, I really don't have loans. I mean, I mean we got, you know, groceries and we got, we got rent. Okay. So those, that's fine. Those are fixed expenses on your budget, but do you have any other debt which is, you know, a lump sum of money that you owe? I mean, maybe when I was a younger man, let's, I'll just keep it easy. I'd probably say maybe about 10 grand maybe. What would it be In credit cards?


Oh No, it it, it'd probably be a little bit of hospital and may maybe mis miscellaneous. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm kind lost. No, You're fine. That's okay. Brandon, how old are your kids? I got a 10-year-old, I got a 6-year-old and I got a one about to be 2-year-old. Okay, perfect. Okay. So here's the thing. I think you're having a hard time building wealth because your biggest wealth building tool is your income. And right now a thousand dollars of your income is going, or, and maybe a little bit more is going towards your debt payments every single month. And it sounds like, I'm not sure, but it sounds like maybe you're trying to do a little of this, a little of that, a little of that over here.


And the method that we teach you is going to give you focused intensity on one area at a time for the most part. So Right. Do you have any money saved? That's a problem. I don't. Okay. I can't seem to save a dollar. Okay. So let's go back to the, the, the essentials here. I think the first thing here is the budget. You told me that out of $6,000 a month it takes 4,800 to run your household. So that means somewhere along the way there's $1,200 left if you're doing your budget correct. Right. But you just said you, you can't find a dollar. So something about that budget isn't adding up. So let's kind of let Rachel and I give you a quick crash course with the budget.


Yeah, because the, the thing is with the budget, Brandon is like, it needs to be realistic. So you keep saying Okay, you know, which I get we, Jade has kids, I have little kids, so stuff does come up, you know, when you're a family and there's multiple people here keeping afloat. So either you need to redo the budget and say, okay, realistically we need a kids line item because stuff is gonna come up every month that we have to pay school fees, like whatever it may be Yeah. Sports Yep. That we're gonna put in. And then there also may be Brandon a, you know, a a a time that you and your wife sit down and you say, okay, we're gonna limit this budget and just because we feel like, you know, the kids need X, Y, and Z, we may tell them no right now because your goal is going to be to get outta debt.


And so that budget is really, really key. And tightening up that budget is gonna, is gonna be huge. So that's gonna automatically probably give you some of that breathing room of that $1,200 that we don't, you know, it kind of just disappears. Right. And the next piece of this I would do, okay, RA, so Rachel's telling you to tighten up the budget Yeah. And you have a lot of car. Yeah. Is that what you're going next? Yeah. You just bought this car for 22,000 I to $600 payment a month. Brandon, Sell it. Sell it. Yeah. Because, and we always say not to have anything with wheels and motors that is more than half of your annual income. Yeah. And you guys are right over that. I mean, you're making 60. Yeah. And I mean, you guys are, you're, you're, you're close to that.


You're at 30. I mean like, so you're, it's too much. Yep. You have too much car. And I think you're feeling that Brandon, you're feeling that and so looking to say, okay, what are our options? What can we do that is different? And it's probably gonna be selling that van And Yeah. And that's gonna take, so let's put this in the timeline. So the first thing you're doing what Rachel said, you're getting on your budget, you're getting a realistic budget, you're figuring out what can we cut so that this $1,200 is actually a reality and it's you and your wife agreeing to that because you need that money so you can save up a little bit to get out of this car and get into a car that you can afford because no more car, no more car payments. Right? So you need at least five, $6,000 to make this thing happen at least.


Right? So we're getting out of this car and then after that it's okay, we freed up $600, we can breathe a little bit. And maybe it's you picking up a side hustle, your wife, she's got the 2-year-old at home, but there's, you know, at least it's one at home and not the others. And so what can she do to bring in extra income? And from this point on, it really is you guys deciding how quickly you clean up this mess by deciding how much more money comes in. Because the ultimate goal is building wealth. The debt is standing in the way that you clear out the debt and then you get yourself that emergency fund of three to six months saved. Now you're gonna feel peace about day-to-day life, right? So if an emergency hits you, you're fine. And now you can actually start building wealth.


You can start investing into your 401k if you have it, start investing into a Roth IRA as an option. But we've gotta get through baby steps one through three. One through three First. Yeah. Brandon, I have you looked into, you know, other small businesses in your area and what they're paying for electricians. I just wonder even if you switch out of the union, if you could find a better gig that pays more. Well, I mean I've, I mean I've done, I did solar for seven years and you know, I I I have a little LLC with that, but I mean, and realistically until I hit a journeyman's card, you know, I'm not really, there's really nothing out there that's maybe paying more.


I may, it may be a dollar, it may be $2. Sure. But there's nothing like jumping up another 10 to $12,000. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, because I was just curious if, you know, sometimes in the private sector there's, you know, other opportunities. So I just didn't know if you had explored that because, because I think the goal too, Brandon, is, you know, you guys make 60,000 and yes, there's a level of intensity during baby steps one through three to kind of get you outta this hole. So there will be, you know, extra work here or there, all that. But I think the goal is eventually to be able to live off of your income Yeah. Comfortably and enjoy it. Be able to put some money aside for retirement. You know, do some of these things to enjoy your life. And so if that is not coming to fruition, got shift.


Yeah. Then that's where a bigger conversation is. And, and you guys are renting right now, right? So even home ownership to be in the picture eventually, which I know can probably feels very overwhelming right now to think about. But, but to be able to, to get there. But hey Brandon, I want you to hold on the line because Christian's gonna pick up and I wanna gift you guys financial Peace University, you and your wife. This is our nine lesson course and go through this and, and again, it runs the gamut. Everything from the budget to getting outta debt, all of it. And then, you know what, and hold on the line too, and Christian, we'll throw in some McKen Coleman's stuff. He has a great career assessment. That would just be interesting, Brandon. And again, being an electrician making 60 grand, that's fabulous for and wonderful.


But I think we, I think people do get to a reality of, okay, how do I sustain my life? Yeah. And if you can ever make more that's gonna help it without completely shifting your lifestyle. So just outta curiosity, maybe dig into some of that too and see if that kind of triggers anything for you. So thanks for the call, Brandon. You guys got this. Just stay on track. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it for, because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchhomemortgage.com. That's church home mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee 3 7 0 2 7.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I am Rachel Cruz hosting today with Jade Warshaw and we are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Up next is Emily in Pensacola. Hey Emily, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you so much y'all for taking my call. I appreciate It. Absolutely. How can we help? Okay, so my husband and I had gone through a financial piece, gosh, over a decade ago, but you know, life happened and five kids happened and right now we're back on it. But finishing up baby step number two, we have no consumer debt. A little bit of student loans left that we expect to be paid off by the end of this year. And then we'll just be left with our mortgage.


We are in a 30 year veteran loan, but we plan to pay it off early, within hopefully 10 to 15 years. My question is, so right now we have, my question is kind of regarding our credit score. We have four credit cards right now that are open but frozen. We have not used them in probably about a year. We're kind of, I guess not sure what to do with those accounts. We're kind of leaving them open right now so that if we close them, they don't affect our credits score. Our hope is that if we have the opportunity in the next few years to refinance to get a lower interest rate, that we would do that in order to help us pay off our mortgage even quicker.


But we're just not sure. Do we close our credit cards and if and risk that affecting our credit score we like, would that affect it drastically or do we leave them open and frozen and kind of maintain our credit score? We just don't kind of want to tank it and lose that, that chance to refinance in the future. So, so there is something to be said about when you're going through the process of paying off debt, there's kind of this spoken, or in some cases unspoken thought that okay, when we do this, we're not borrowing money again, therefore we wouldn't need our credit score again, therefore we can close our credit cards.


And so in your case, you're kind of thinking about, well we don't plan on borrowing money anymore, but we wanna refinance. And I can just tell you just from personal, personal situation, we have a mortgage and we don't have any other credit cards and we don't have anything else. And before we had our mortgage, our credit score went to zero. We purchased a home with a a loan and our credit is like almost perfect and all we have on there is our mortgage. So you might see an initial drop just because you're closing accounts, but it's not gonna go to zero and it's not gonna be terrible because you're still have something major like a mortgage that you're paying every single month on time. And so there is part of that that it's, it's going to make it okay and it's gonna keep it, you know, in the upper range.


And so I don't think you have to be worried about that. But I kind of, my question for you is, do you have any other qualms about your credit score? 'cause I I do think that when you go and set out to follow the RAMSEY plan, you have to know eventually your credit score is gonna go to zero and you kind of have to cut ties with that old way of thinking. Yeah, and I, so ultimately, like we do want our credit score to be undeterminable. Like that is our ultimate goal. We don't plan on taking out any more debt. Like you had said, like our, we have two cars, they're old, they're paid for. So we have basically our credit cards are frozen in, in a safe. So we, we haven't even kind of activated the new ones that they send us all the time.


But it's been more of a concern that because that was our extended length of credit attached to some of these cards that, you know, with wanting to potentially refinance in order to get the house paid off that we just didn't want to. What's your interest right now? Like 6.8. Okay, so you guys just recently bought in the last year or two. Okay. We had, we bought it to, If I were you, I'd canceled them sooner than later so that your score has the ability to kind of do what it's gonna do and then even out to where it's going to even out. And then when the time comes, who knows when, yeah, these interest rates get lower, then you will have a clear indicator of what it will be and it won't be in that fluctuation stage.


Yeah, and Emily, when you look at the calculations of how a credit score is even mathematically determined, one of the pieces of the pie is new debt and you guys aren't doing that. So in one sense you got everything frozen, but you're not taking on new debt, so you're not playing the game naturally anyways. So there is a chance even because of that, mathematically speaking, you may even see a downtick slowly because you're not playing that game. And so if you're not playing it, I would just cut ties with it and like what Jade said, even it back out or, you know, if, if all else fails, like you're gonna be fine. You know what I mean? So, so in my head it is, it's just a, because I, I don't want, I don't wanna counts out there floating around even if they're frozen. No way. So just right, just being able to get rid of 'em, getting guests, like Jade said, when everything is back then and stabilized and sadly the truth is who knows, who knows what's gonna happen in the future.


So I'd rather take things under my control and do something that I can do, which is just get rid of them, close it out, and then see how the world shakes out and then go from there. 100%. All Right, next, let's go to Kyle in Charlotte. Hey Kyle, welcome to the show. Hey, how y'all We're doing? Well, How can we help? So I got a little dilemma. I'm just been started watching The Ramsey Show probably two months ago and I'm currently in baby step one. I did get the EveryDollar app I am using that created a budget. So I have me and my fiance, we have a three month old baby girl. She has a 14-year-old daughter that actually lives with us as well.


We bought a home about two years ago. Mortgage is around one 157,000 left on it. She has two vehicle loans, one 'em around 18,000, one's around 8,000. So she also has three credit cards and she has a personal loan. So all of, so I I don't have any debt currently in my name, but her debt, all of her debt together is around 42,000. Okay. Not including the home mortgage. Okay. So she stays home, she's on a stay at home mother. I'm a full-time firefighter. I have two part-time jobs as well.


And I'm current, I'm trying to figure out, you know, I'm, I am going to snowball the debt after I do the baby step one, which that's baby step two, but I'm trying to get her on board with the, with the, the budget. When Do you get married? We, we actually aren't, I don't have a marriage date yet. That's what I was going gonna say as well. So our, our relationship is actually hanging on by thread because of, you know, we don't see eye to eye on the financial state. That's a big deal. It's a big deal. Has that For me, Kyle, has that, has that, has that changed in the last two months since you've been watching us or has it always been like that?


I, so it's been like that more since my, my daughter was born. Yeah. Okay. You know, I've, I've always been a saver and you know, now that my daughter's born, you know, I grew up, my parents separated when I was 12 Mm. So I've seen, I i I know how that affects the, the the kid and I don't want that. Yep. And you know, I I I look at the future like anything can happen. So, and she, she's not like that. Like I asked her the other day 'cause I was listening and I was like, you know, what is your 10 year goal? Where do you see yourself in 10 years? And she's, she's told me, she said, you know, I, I just, I worry about today, I don't worry about 10 years.


And I'm like, you know, So when you ask her her philosophy on, on money and you're asking her, Hey, like, are you at a point in life where you're done borrowing? How do you feel about paying off debt? Is she able to give an answer that has any promise? So she will say she don't wanna borrow any more money, but it's just like now, you know, she's made some financial decisions that I didn't agree with and, you know, I don't, I don't have, I didn't have the control over that at that point. I still don't. Well it's, listen, You know, she can go do what she wants. The hard part is you guys are in, in a, this situation is made more complex because you're not yet married, but you're kind of in this situation where you're life seems like you're married.


So you, you feel like, like listen, I have to step into office Debt. Her debt's, my debt Debt, her debt's, my debt. And so the whole thing is very confused and I think that it is, as much as you can keep it separate, put some clarity around that and either marry her or not. But I would not start paying off this debt until you've decided if this is the person that you're gonna spend your life with. Yep. Yeah. And Kyle and I would have the conversation with her from a vulnerable, you know, not just, well what are you, you, you pointing tell her you like, what's going on in Kyle? What is the fear that you have? What is going on? And, and, and, and start these conversations. And you've said this before, Jade on different shows, but like, it takes, it sometimes takes time. Yes. Right. You've had a mindset, a natural shift. And then Ramsey's probably confirmed that.


'cause we lean probably more on your side, Kyle, but you guys together need to sit down and have these conversations. But for now, keep the finances separate. You don't need to be paying on her debt. 'cause if she's not getting outta debt, she's digging herself deeper in a hole.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news knock box that's in. Okay. Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy memories not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love and every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well-organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's N OK box.com/ RAMSEY.


The Ramsey Show question of the day is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances defaulted private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. Now you guys, private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae. So to learn more about this custom refinancing option and a lump sum payoff option that you can qualify for after 24 months, go to y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's y the letter y refi.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Okay. Today's question comes from Matthew in Oregon. He says, my wife and I are debt free except our expensive town home. We bought it in 2022 with a 30 year term mortgage. Our monthly payment is about $4,200 a month, including escrow and PMI. While our net take home pay is $8,750 a month. Wow. Our annual gross income is 110,000, which means our housing costs take up about 40% of our income, which limits how much we can invest. We both have the potential for income growth, but today's high cost of living is challenging, especially with four kids. We're in baby step four, five, and six, but still feel trapped.


It's hard to see a finish line of no mortgage payment. Should we stay where we're at and wait for our income to grow or sell our house and move. Ugh. This is, this is one of those reality moments, Rachel. I think that if you're, if you're truly engaged in what's going on financially in your home, these are the moments where it's like, it's really tough because for those of you who don't know here, we teach that your payment shouldn't be any more than 25% of your take home pay. And the reason for that is once it creeps beyond that, especially beyond 30%, is you really do start to feel that. And you start to experience what we call being house poor. And your bless your blessing of a house now becomes a burden.


Right. Because you're not able to have the margin to do the things that life calls for. I mean, in this case it could be anything from childcare, it could be anything from they're wanting to pay off their mortgage and they don't have any margin. Yeah. Well, And if you're in baby step four, you're funding 15% of your income in your retirement. So automatically that's taking it. You have 45% of your income to live off of. That's before food and utilities and everything. Yeah. So it does, it starts to dwindle not always like in the, in the right spots. Right. And so, and if you Give 10%, forget about it. Like That's right. Okay, you're out. Yeah, that's right. Now you're down to 35% and for basic living. So yeah, it's almost that feeling of like, we work too hard to feel this broke. You know what I mean? Like, we shouldn't feel like this.


And it is because 40% of your income is going to housing and so Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I would be looking elsewhere 'cause you say an expensive town home, which I'm assuming is a really nice one. Probably in a nice area. Yeah. And so I would be looking for other options. You know, you may be getting an older home, it may not be near the city 'cause that's usually where prices go up. That's right. Yeah. 'cause the closer you are to the city, so you may be moving out and all of it, which I know with four kids, I know it's so easier said than done just to be like, okay, like get up and move. I know that that's like, yes, could be changing schools, all of this, but the quality of your life and going to bed at night and having peace and not stressing and not being, you know, to this point of like on a, like you just feel like, oh my gosh, I just go to, I go to a job and I have no progress in my life.


Like, that is daunting. That's for The birds. You go, yeah. Think about how much time you spend at work. You go to work all day, eight hours a day. Some people far more than that. And then you, you feel like you have nothing to show for. You can't enjoy your life. You can't do the things that make you feel like you're making progress in life. Then there's the part of this equation, Rachel, where they do see a way for their income to go up. Now there's been times people have called in the show and they're like, Hey, I'm at 30% of my income, but I know that I have a raise coming up in the next 12 months. Yeah. And if we get that raise, you know, it'll equal out. And so there's a part of that where if they said, Hey, we see a place where we're gonna get, you know, a 15% increase.


Both Of us. Both of us. Yeah. So that's, and that's gonna happen in the next 12 months. Maybe there's a part of this where you can ride it out. That's right. That's right. But only if that's 100% absolutely. Gonna be true. Yes. Yeah. Don't be on a wish and a prayer of it may be happening and then you're stuck in the cycle for the next four to five years. Because that's gonna be exhausting. Yeah. All Right, let's go to Will in Miami. Hi Will, welcome to the show. Hello. How are you Doing Great. How can we help? Yes. So my parent, my my father bought a a car two years ago. This is a Mercedes. He's a retiree surgeon and he now works as a surgical assistant here since all the recession.


That and all the, all the economic problems we've been going through the country, that area of health he hasn't been able to get a job on for the last year. He has some stuff on and off, but he hasn't been able to have a stable job. The payment for this car is $500 a month, $550 plus insurance that runs up to somewhere between six 50 to $700 a month. And because, because he doesn't have a job right now, it's been really difficult to maintain all the expenses.


What's he doing to maintain it. So I mean, right now all our family's working. We are immigrants and everybody contributes. Are you paying for your dad's car payment? No, I'm not. I'm just saying that everybody's paying their for share, but the car right now is one of those crazy expenses that I Are you in the same, are you all under the same roof? Yes. Okay. And so explain to Rachel and I kind of how that works. When you say everybody's paying their fair share, what does that mean? So between my sister and I, we, the, our rent is $3,000.


My sister and I pay about half of that. Okay. And the rest of the expenses are covered by our parents. Okay. Although we didn't start paying until recently until about six months ago. My sister just graduated from college. I'm still a student. Okay. Okay. How old are you? Will Oh, I'm, I'm 28. I'm just late bloomer student. That's Great. I was just, I was just curious. That's great. Okay. So it's just you and your sister. The the agreement is we all kind of live under one roof, but together you guys pay for half of the rent and we pay for the other half and everything else.


Yes. And so you're concerned that since your dad is not working, how is he affording to pay for this Mercedes or this expensive car that he has? I mean, to we, to be honest, like we cannot afford anything right now, even though we are able to cover the basics that doesn't cover the credit card debts my parents have. That's, that's why I, I believe that the car is one of the things that is taking them down. So The hard Oh, go ahead Rachel. Well, so, okay. A couple of things. Will, where did you guys immigrate from? I'm just curious.


Oh, we are originally from Venezuela. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We've been Here for eight years. We are. Okay. We became citizens last year. Okay. And the only reason I ask is I do find even in the Hispanic culture, there is this like gathering of family, right? There is, there is more than just the standard American. It's like, oh, it's, you know, Americans, I just feel like we're more independents and you just kind Yeah. You know, you run, you run on your own track. We're other countries, other cultures, there is more of this like family oriented life. So I'm not saying one is wrong or the other will, but as a 28-year-old guy, and I know you wanna support your parents and, and, and be there for them and all of it for your, your own dignity will as a man emotionally, I do want you to somewhat separate what your parents have chosen with their own lifestyle versus what you're choosing.


Right. So they've chosen to, or he's chosen to have a Mercedes. Okay. That's his choice. You have not done that. The credit cards. I don't know if the credit cards are paying the light bill to keep the, keep the, the, you know, the house going. That's one thing. But if it's credit card debt that's coming from your parents that charge their own cards for their own lifestyle, that is, that is their money and their choices. It does get a little bit confusing when you are living under one roof. So I think it will, emotionally I would detach myself from your parents' choices. And until they start affecting you, which they might soon will, there may be a point that you say, Hey, I'm gonna have to make a different decision for my life.


Yeah. And I may have to go get a job, pause school and do something different. 'cause I'm not gonna be taken under because of their bad choices. But here's the thing, will Jade and I joked earlier, we were like, there, it takes a lot of therapy to realize you can't change people, you can not change people. So I hope that helps, will, you're, you're an awesome son. And, and we wish you the best. Thanks to all the guys in the booth. Jade, thanks always for being a great fun co-host. Fun. Thanks to our live studio audience here in Nashville. And thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show.


Lemme tell you the God, It's holy week in Jerusalem. Crowds welcome Jesus. As king rebellion is in the air, Jesus Operates outside our jurisdiction. Rome will descend on us all, But instead of taking the throne, Jesus turns the tables. My house shall be called the house of prayer. But you make it a 10 of thieves, The world will never be the same. Coming soon to theaters the chosen Last Supper, get your tickets now Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions.


It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author Jade Warshaw. And we are here to answer your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll be talking about your life, your money, your jobs, your families relationships. So give us a call All Right up first this hour we have George in Los Angeles, LA Hey George, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Alright, so I have $148,000 in debt right now.


And also My wages are being garnished already. I've been sued from a loan I didn't pay, been taking 25% of my income every week, every two weeks. So I was just taking a lot of money. I make about 90,000 gross. I take home about 75,000 a year. My wife recently started working. I'm doing everything I possibly can to take, you know, more income, everything. But I'm, I'm already up to the point where I'm kind of thinking of filing bankruptcy or selling my house. So I'm thinking what, what's the better option? Either to sell the home or file for bankruptcy. Okay. So tell me what was what what's the debt? The one 40?


Basically it's three loans, two personal loans. They're, one of 'em is 50,000. The other one's another 50. Another one is 40. One of 'em was 20,000. One of 'em a car. But I'm thinking I'm still, I wanna pay the car off, so I'm not gonna put that one. The 20,000 is the car I like Including them. Yeah. One of 'em was 20,000. That one's still good. I'm paying that one off. And the other is just all personal loans. What Were the loans for? What'd you use 'em for? I got hurt a long time when I was working and I needed a couple, I needed some money just, just to stay afloat my mortgage. So I took out a lot of, took some loans and just kept paying it off.


But then another one I took out to consolidate debt and ended up just splurging the money. Didn't really do what I had to do. So When does your wife, Yeah, that happened. And then When does your wife start adding to the income? 'cause you're making around 6,000 a month. She started working like four months ago. And what's she making About I would say 1600 a month. Okay. Okay. What is she doing job wise? She just work, she just works at, at a, a veterinary place. Okay. Do you guys have kids? Yes, two. You have two. Okay. Okay.


And which of the loans are the ones that are garnishing your wages is, It's just from a bank. It's the personal loan. Is It one of the, one of the personal, one of the 50,000? Yeah. Okay. And are both of those personal loans with the same bank? No. No. Okay. And have you been current on the other $50,000 loan? No, I'm, I haven't paid anything for to anybody for a while already. Okay. Okay. And so you've got the house, I mean, collect, everything's, everything's in collections basically, except the car and the house. So they're, they're taking almost 2000, do a little under $2,000 a month. Right.


Garnishing from you. Yeah. And then Exactly. Yeah. What percentage of your mortgage is, what percentage of your take home pays your mortgage? I pay 1800 a month for my mortgage. Okay. Okay. Oh boy. All Right. Yeah, we need, you're, you're not able to do anything here. Okay. So the key here is we've gotta find a way to get more money coming in. And I'm wondering with the garnish if, is there any way that you can say, can we set up another payment program? Because this one is like burying me alive.


I've tried everything, already spoke to the lawyers. I, I've done everything on my part to make some adjustments. I've done pretty much all I can do. I even, even if I get another job, they're still gonna garnish. So at this point I'm, I'm already maxed out. It's just, I don't see like a, like another solution. They're, they're just not budgeting at all. How old are your kids? One of them's eight and another one is five. Okay. Is the five-year-old in kindergarten? Is anybody in daycare? Is what I'm getting at. They're both being homeschooled. Oh, that's right. Okay. It, okay.


There's part of this that, and you, you and your wife are gonna have to sit down. I mean, you're pretty much up against it and you could use all of the, the money that you can get. Right. Is there any way that, 'cause I, I don't know, I'm not gonna pretend to know a ton about homeschooling, but I know that there's some programs where even though they're not going into school, they're going into a program that's outside of your home, Like a co-op, Like a co-op type situation. Is there a way that you can still keep the value of homeschooling but it's not your wife that's actually doing it so that she can work Full-time? That that's something I haven't, I haven't thought about. I, and I'm not saying forever, but I think that you're in a, you, your back is against the wall.


And unfortunately when that happens, something you have to let go of something. Something has to change in order for you to change your situation. And usually that is a sacrifice of some nature and there's just no getting around it. Right. But, but I'd rather you keep control of this situation once you hand, and Rachel, you can speak more to this, but once you hand it over to bankruptcy, you lose control. And I don't want you to lose control of this situation. I want you to make every choice and feel like you have a say in everything that's going on. Okay. For the house, George, give me some of the numbers around that. What, how much, how much do you owe on it?


How much is left on the mortgage? The house is, right now it's three 90 is what we owe. And five, it's worth about five, almost 600,000. Almost 600. Okay. You know, the car, I would probably, I would sell the car. George, I know you're pay making payments on it, but that's something that can easily be swapped up to, to earn some money and margin back into the budget that you can go back and get later after all of this. But again, back to that sacrificial mindset, like what can you scorch earth do to have any means to be able to get ahead on some of this?


'cause some of it is in those in collections and keeping a car payment afloat is something that I, I would, because I mean, everything else is, is in collections. And if you get on that, I don't want even re you know, being repoed on like, I don't want anything like that. Like you're in a little bit of that situation that, again, back to that control that Jade's talking about. How much could you sell the car for? Have you Kelly Blue booked it? Yeah, I, I think I could sell it for like maybe 18, 18 grand around there. Okay. 18,000. It's, I, and I owe like about 18,000, so I mean I could break even Great on that one. It's, it's, it's just, you know, I mean that's not, I mean I, I guess I could do something like that.


I Mean, what's the payment on It's just 500 a month. That's A lot. Okay. I mean $500 to half that freed up is a big deal. And if you are upside down, like this is one of those cases, if you're upside down, you go down to the credit union, get a loan for the difference and a little bit more in order to get yourself a beater if you need it. And I'd rather have a $5,000 loan than a $20,000 loan. Agree. Correct. Plus you freed up $500, you know, a little bit less than that a month when you take in consideration the new payment. Yeah. You're gonna have to make some tough choices. Mama's probably going back to work. You're probably getting rid of this car and you might have to consider what's in A part-time job.


And then, and then the house. Yeah, could be, could be in the, in play. Yeah. But I just want your habits to change as well, George. But you guys got this, this is The Ramsey Show.


If you need health insurance for yourself or your family, you might be lost in a maze of confusing terms, overwhelming options and questions about networks. Not to mention high costs and bad service from insurance companies that don't care about what you want. Common concerns like those are why I'm proud to recommend how Trust Financial, they've been working with RAMSEY for over 20 years and they're the only RAMSEY trusted health insurance broker. Health Trust Financial takes an unbiased approach to finding you the best health insurance for your situation. They listen to your needs, and because they work for you, not the insurance companies, their service is free with no obligations and no pressure. Here's the best part. Health Trust financial customers typically save an average of $500 a month. Health Trust Financial is your one stop shop for unbiased advice about health insurance options to make sure you don't overpay. So get out of the maze by going to health trust financial.com today. Health trust financial.com.


Listen, I know a lot of you would rather watch paint dry in slow motion than file your taxes, but thankfully you don't have to dread filing. When you've got Ramsey Smart Tax, it comes packed with everything you need to file online before the big deadline. That means all major federal forms and deductions are covered with no hidden fees. Plus, with Ramsey Smart Tax, you can save up to 70% compared to other tax software out there. It's a no brainer. Just go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart tax and see how simple tax filing can be. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash Smart tax.


All Right, everybody, you're listening to The Ramsey Show. I'm your co-host Jade Warshaw, joined by Rachel Cruz. And during the break we were talking about non-negotiables. And so many of us face this, whether you are dating someone and you know, you have to bring up those conversations, Rachel, about money, about, you know, religious views, possibly political views. Like there's all these tough conversations to have. And when do you know when you're dating somebody, when you get to that point that's like, okay, this is, I've hit my point, right? Like, we talked to somebody who was in a relationship for three years and it's like, okay, maybe now's the time to start looking at this, talking about this. But it's hard to know, especially if you might see a little bit of progress and you're like, yes, yes, this is progress.


Maybe we're going on the right direction, but what would you say Rachel is, let's, let's, let's call out some red flags of, if you see this, this might be pump the brakes, Moneywise, moneywise. I was like, I don't know if I'm not a marriage therapist, I don't know if I, no, I'm Talking about finances. Yes. I would say I always pump the brakes with people that feel like they have all the answers. Like when it's this idea that like, I, I, I don't have any more learning to do. Oh, like I'm kind of just stuck in my, yeah, this is it. I'm good. And you're like, you don't wanna grow or stretch or like hear something different.


Like, to me in life right now, that feels so prideful. Yes. So with money, and we get this call a lot with people that I, as we're talking about, non-negotiable. So I guess this is a little bit on the other side of this, but this idea that, you know, we, we talk and they're like, well, you know, he just tells me like, he didn't wanna talk about it. He's not gonna talk about it, or she don't, she won't even, she won't even enter the discussion. Yeah. I'm like, that's exhausting. Like, that's exhausting. So you can have your non-negotiables, but be, but be humble about it. It's The That's true. The spirit that you bring to it. Well, let me be devil's advocate, because there's somebody listening in their car and they're like, listen, I'm the one who, my spouse keeps talking to me about RAMSEY this, RAMSEY that. And whenever I try to tell her my views on why I wanna keep my mortgage payment and invested, instead, she's so close-minded.


Like, she doesn't want to hear, she feels like she's found this plan and that's it. Like, there's no, like, let's talk about it from that point of view. So if I'm her, I would be like, okay, so talk me through that. Let's run some numbers. Let's look, let's have a conversation. Right? Not just you telling him, well, this is what it is. This is what you should be doing. Yes. It's like preachy mentality. Yeah. Being willing to listen Very much so, and ask questions, and ask questions, be curious. Like that whole spirit as a person I think is really important. But when you're so closed off and you don't even want a conversation, that to Me is the big, that's Exhausting. Like, you know, that would be a red flag for me. I think they won't even, they won't even talk about it. They avoid it, you know, all this stuff, and you're just like, oh man.


Yeah, I think that's a red flag. I think if you're talking about the future, like say you're dating and you're talking about, okay, like when we get married, you know, what are your views on combining money that could, like maybe they, maybe they've been very open about their money up until this point, and you're like, yes, everything's going good. But then when you start thinking about, okay, when we get married, how is this gonna work? Because I, my thoughts are that we would combine our money and kind of have our goals together. And if they're saying, oh, really, because I've worked really hard for my savings and Yep. That for me would Be tough. Would be tough, I think, and A and a non-negotiable, I think it's a non-negotiable, but there's part, I'm not gonna lie, there's part of me that wonders if there could be a journey there over time.


Yep. Yep. So these are, you know, these are tough conversations, but I, I would urge people to start having them early. If there's one thing that I can say that I kind of feel like I learned in my marriage is we didn't talk about that dating. Yeah. Yes. Like our dating time was very fun. And not a lot of, like, we, I mean, we talked about heavy stuff, but somehow the financial stuff just wasn't really in there. And then after the fact it was like, oh, wait a minute. Luckily there were certain things that we just naturally aligned on, thank goodness. Yeah. But yeah, have those conversations. Yeah. And, and I would say debt would be one of those. I mean, it would be really tough to marry somebody and they're like, Hey, I wanna go, you know, $500,000 in debt to do real estate.


And I'd be like, Oh no, I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't do that. It's like, that would stress, that would be, 'cause then you live as the spouse in the stressful state 24 7, you know? Yeah. In investment. Real, I'm saying not just primary home. No, I get it. But it's like, I, I, 'cause I see these people on Instagram, TikTok, and they're all about real estate investing Leverage to their eyeballs. Yes. And I just watch that. I'm like, oh my gosh, that would be so hard. That would be a tough, that would be a tough marriage for Me. That is, because on the one hand, and I mean, even if it's not real estate, even if it's just one person, like, I have this business goal or this aspiration, I wanna open a restaurant, whatever it is. But their viewpoint is, I go into debt to do this. Yeah. And if you're the spouse who says, Hey, I, I, I don't feel comfortable with debt, I don't like debt.


And they view that as you're not supporting my dream or you're not. You know what I'm saying? Yep. You don't believe in me. You don't believe this is gonna work, and we'll be able to pay it off. That right there. Yes. That's a very tough conversation to have. Yes. Yes. Now, don't get me wrong, I still stand my ground because I'd be like, I'm not like, can we do it over time? Is there a way to not leverage debt? Right. Yes. Yes. Oh goodness. All good things to talk about. It's hard girl. It's hard. And misty. Good stuff. All Right, let's go to the phone lines where we've got Anna in Houston, Texas. What's going on? Anna? Anna? Hello. How are you guys doing? Doing good. How are you? Sorry. I said your name wrong. It's Anna, right? You're okay? It is Anna. So I have a question, and I'm hoping that y'all can kind of help me out because I've been thinking about it for a little while.


I am expecting to get a raise here soon, within the next maybe two months at work. And it's about, I'm hoping like 20,000 extra a year. I'm not certain though, if I should save that amount every year or use it to pay off my student loan debt. That's awesome. I have about 60. Yeah. I have about $65,000 of student loan debt that I just accrued here recently, going back to school to get my master's. And it's just me and my kids.


I don't get child support. How many kids? And I have three. Okay. One, my son is 19 though now. And so he's, he wants to go to school. That's a whole nother situation and needing a little bit of money for that. Yeah. But I guess my question is just should I save that extra 20 a year for me and my kids just like for security type stuff? Or should I just use it all to pay off this student loan debt? Because I don't want it to go from 65 to $200,000. Of course. And that's a great way of thinking. Number one, congratulations on the raise. That's excellent.


So if you're kind of new to The Ramsey Show, we, we teach everything kind of through a series of baby steps, right? There's these seven baby steps that you can take that build on each other to ultimately get you to this place of financial peace, right? And so, yep. The advice that I'm gonna give you is based on that. So the first thing that we want to kind of create this secure platform for you is you just need a thousand dollars saved, right? So if you can just, out of that $20,000 raise or out of your bank account or whatever you have of money now, if you can just set a thousand dollars aside and just, okay, I've got that there. And then the second baby step is, yeah, you pay off your debt because when you pay off debt, you're eliminating that risk, you're eliminating that financial uncertainty that's in your life.


And that, that's usually the point of stress that people feel is, oh my gosh, I've gotta make these payments or these debt collectors are calling me, or my payment is due. Right? That's usually the source of stress that people feel when it relates to their money. So in your case, I would say, if you've got this extra money, congratulations, let's put it to whatever baby step you're on so that you can keep going in the right direction to get to that ultimate financial piece. And it sounds like in your case, you would be on baby step two where you are paying off the debt. Anna, How much do you make in your job now? So I make about 4,000 a month. It's about 60,000 a year. Okay.


And then I also, with the $20,000 will come, so that'll be about 80. Okay, great. And I already, I have this, I have the emergency fund, and I even have about 30,000 in a CD account that I put up whenever I sold my house last year. So I have that saved. Okay, That's great. Anna. I, I would put, Anna, I, it's gonna make you nervous, but I would put that towards your debt and that will take a huge chunk out of this debt and you're gonna make great money. I mean, you're gonna make 80 grand, so you'll have $35,000 left. I mean, you could pay this off in 1824 months. Yeah. And honestly, when that CD matures, I'd probably put that on the debt too and knock it out.


65,000. I, I would do that. And then once the debt is gone, I'd save back up that money and I just keep it in a high yield to where it's like very liquid. But yeah. Listen, I'm proud of you. I think that you're doing all the right things. You've got good instincts and good intuitions. Yes. You're doing great, huh? Taking Great care of your family. Mm. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book. Build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today.


All Right, you're listening to The Ramsey Show if you wanna give us a call. It's a live show, so you can do that. The number's Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5, we'll get you on the line. Again, I'm Jade Warshaw. Next to me is Rachel Cruz. We are the ones that'll be taking your calls this hour. So let's go straight to the phone lines where we've got Samantha in Phoenix, Arizona. What's going on Samantha? Hi. Thank you guys for taking my call. You bet. I'm mute to the baby steps and I was technically on baby step two, but I left an abusive relationship and I'm going through a custody battle right now. So I've incurred additional debt for attorney fees. Okay. So I'm trying to figure out my Next Steps. Should I pause making additional payments like towards my debt and just work on saving money for additional aternity fees that might come up?


Yeah, I, I would, this is definitely a storm. Yeah. I mean, for sure we, I would categorize this as a storm and we do say that when you're in baby step two especially, there's a couple of things that would cause you to kind of pause and that would be a baby on the way or some sort of storm or major emergency that is causing you to kind of have to just hold, hold tight for A minute. Yeah. That becomes more of a priority at that point than paying off debt. Right. We're all about paying off debt, but your child is a priority there. Right. If there's a health issue that you have to pause to make sure that you can get yourself in a healthy place that is, you know, yeah. Pregnancy, like anything that is, takes precedent. Right.


Which is usually re a relational situation or a health situation. We for sure say pause and get that in order. I'm so sorry, Samantha. I'm, I'm always so impressed with women like you that, that choose to, to step out of a situation like that 'cause that cycle can be so, so hard to break out of. How long has this been going on? Just the, from the custody standpoint, fighting it with lawyers. So going on two years. The first part was when he tried to fight the restraining order. So that was the first time I took on attorney fees. And then now, and I, he was, he was in jail for a bit for violating the restraining order, but now he's out, so now he's trying to come for full custody.


Oh my Gosh. How many kids do you have? Luckily I only have one. Okay. And Me and my daughter, but it's still a Lot. How is your, like financial situation? How is your home situation? So I currently rent and I am safe. Luckily I am with family and I make about 52,000 a year. Good. But my debt went from, I got it down to 12,000 and now it's back up at 20. So. Okay. And what are you, is that just the outstanding, is that just the 20,000 is the attorney fees? No, so about 10,000 of it was attorney fees, 6,000 was about credit card three about student loans.


And then I have about 2000 left on my car loan. Okay. Do you have any, do you have any savings right now that you're pulling from or are you just pretty much occurring The debt as the attorney fees come up, So I was able to pull from like 401k to kind of help with this. 'cause it was, so, I wasn't expecting it, you know, I thought after the restraining order was standing that that was gonna be it. So I wasn't expecting this. So I was able to get a little bit of help through that. But of course I, I wanna pay all of this back as quickly as possible, but my biggest fear is I don't know what's gonna happen three to six months from now to the, you know, next year as well.


Right. Okay. So are you still in the middle of this then? I am, yeah. Okay. And has y'all, has your lawyer given you any timeframe by any chance? Like do you know, I mean, you're saying three to six months. Do you know, like does he have any conclusion of like when this will end? No, no, because we're still waiting on mediation and then more than likely that nothing's gonna happen in there because my ex is of course he's not gonna agree to anything. Does your ex have a lot of money? Is that why he's trying to, is he trying to drain you out on this? Yeah, they think so. Okay. Because yes, he comes from money, so he knows that I would do anything to protect our daughter.


So he knows that I'm willing to, you know, force, you know, figure out ways to get the money because he, he knows that I'm not gonna represent myself. I'm not in the position to do that, you know, emotionally. And so What, is there anybody around you that has the ability to help with this, that wants to, because the truth is this is costing you money and it's costing you money that you don't have. And I do believe, like I am, I believe that the custody's gonna end up with you because from what you're telling me, there's clearly track record that this is an abusive person, especially the fact that he's ended in jail for trying to violate this.


So I, I have a feeling that this will end with you, but how long can you go down this track? Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. So Samantha, so I, yeah. If I were you, if I was in your position right now, I would stay current on everything. I would not get behind. So I would say I would be paying your minimum payments on everything and then on the side, finding that margin month to month to be able to put some money aside. So as these fees come up, you do have an account that you're gonna be able to pull from. And then I would also start to evaluate as much as you can, the consistency of how often the bills are coming, how often you guys are, you're using the lawyer, if there is mediation and all of it.


Because I think a goal would be small goals would to say, okay, there's some money set aside for attorney fees. And the truth is, I may have to go into debt for that, but if I can at least maybe knock out that $2,000 car loan in the midst of this. Right. Because it's not something that's gonna be solved, it sounds like even maybe even the next 12 months. So I don't want you sitting idle financially during that time, but I do want you to put some cushion between you and life. So putting some money away kind of for an emergency fund that you can pull some of that for attorney's fees as they come up. Yeah. But then also giving yourself a goal financially to start making some progress. Because honestly too, Samantha, I think making progress in this area of your life, it, it actually might give you, you know, a that boost of confidence and there's something proactive that you're doing in your life that actually can, can start the wheels engaging in a, in a, in a positive way through the circumstance.


Absolutely. I mean, you, there's only 2000 left on the car. What's the payment on that? What will you get back in your pocket monthly when you pay that off? So I pay about 2 96 a month for the Car loan. Okay, good. So another $300. That's great. To Rachel's point, that's even more money that you, you'll be able to set aside. So yeah, like no disguising the fact that this is tough and, you know, you've got your work cut out for you in a lot of ways, but I think just being really intentional, still sticking to still creating a plan and sticking to that plan, whatever you decide that plan is, is gonna be really paramount for you walking through this. That's so, so, so, So tough. I know. I'm so sorry, Samantha. Ugh. Tough to walk through. All Right.


Do you wanna try to take another call right quick? Yes, let's try it. Caleb in Norfolk, Virginia. What's going on Caleb? Hey, thank you for taking my call me. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. How can we help? So my question is regarding life insurance. Okay. I'm currently in the military, but I'm getting out in about three months. I have life insurance through the military. It's called service members group life insurance. I pay about $31 a month for a $500,000 policy. Okay. My question is, whenever I get out, I have the option for a limited time really to roll that over into what's called Veterans Group life insurance, which is about $35 a month.


And that will, you know, increase about every five years. I'm 26 now, I have no debt, but really I'm just unsure 'cause I don't have a a wife or children yet. I don't really have anybody relying on my wage but me. So I'm just kind of looking for some guidance here. Yeah. I mean, Kim, I don't think you really have to re-up this or roll it over. I mean, I, I wouldn't, the reason really you have life insurance is if someone is dependent upon your income. So that would be a spouse or children. And as a single person, I mean, I would have some money, you know, set aside that if something were to happen to you, like covers funeral costs and that kind of thing. But I don't think you need a life insurance policy for that. So I probably would just end up canceling it once you get out.


I agree. I agree with that statement. And if you don't have to pay it now, I, I wouldn't pay it now. Forget the rollover. I would get out of it now if I could. 'cause you really don't need it. All Right. That does it for that. Yeah. I think people forget all the time, Rachel, that there's a pur purpose to life insurance. It's not necessarily to make you rich or all of these other things. Right. It's for anybody who's dependent on your income. If something happens to you, how do they make life work? That's What it's there For. Yep. Children, spouses,


And term life is so inexpensive. It sounded like some of those rates, you know, it's, it's just not expensive at all. And so yeah, if someone's dependent on your income, make sure you get life insurance. You can go to xandr insurance.com and check it out there because that's a great place to get your term life.


I talk to people every day who want to know how to do better in two areas, money and relationships. That's why I am pumped to bring the money and relationships tour to a city near you. Join me and Dr. John Delony for a night that will challenge the way you think about this stuff and possibly change how you live forever. Starting April 21st we'll be in Louisville, then on to Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour before they're gone.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Let's go to Anne in Pittsburgh. Hi Anne, welcome to the show. Hi, How are you today? Hi. We are doing well. How can we help? Well, I hope you can help. That's my question. Is there any hope for our situation? Hmm. We have been married 19 years. We're in our fifties. We have one special needs son. We're both self-employed. I have a business from home, which has been very helpful with our son and being home when he gets off the bus, all that kind of stuff. My husband has always controlled 99% of the finances. I don't have, my name is not on the bank account. My name, I don't have a login.


Our, his business and our home bills are combined on the same account, which I know probably should not be that way. We have a home loan of about 2 43 if sold, it might be worth 700,000. The big problem I, I came to realize is that our credit cards are at 209,000. Wow. We have a car loan for 21 and some of the credit cards are his business only. But as far as I'm aware, you know, in certain states your your debt is your debt and half and half debt. Debt and assets. So I guess I'm trying to figure out, I I can't get through to him.


He just blows up when I try to say, Hey, let's try a budget. Hey, here's all the credit cards on a Excel spreadsheet that shows all the percentages. Like it's just kind of banging my head on a wall and I don't know how to protect myself, how to protect my son. Yeah. The only good news is that I do have a 401k that, that is in my name from before we were married. And then we also have, I have a little bit of savings and then he does have a life insurance policy. God forbid anything happens. But he's, he's not well mentally and he's been, you know, threatening a lot of things and I thought I should try and get some advice.


Are you thinking about walking away from this At this point? I, I really can't right now. I can't, right now my business is here on the property and if I would leave, the other thing is I would be taking my autistic child away from the only home he knows. Mm. That he's had his whole life, his dogs, his everything. That's comfort to him. And your husband's not o is he? It's, I'm guessing based on what you said. I Think he know, I think that, I think he knows that, that he's in the toilet. I think he realizes, I mean he's paying the minimums on the credit cards. That's it. And where's the, where's the revenue of your business going Ann?


What account is that going into? It's going in with everything else. We, I mean, I don't make much. Okay. Last year he, I had it written down here last year. Hey, do The, do you suspect there could be IRS debt as well? 'cause when you tell me that all the business bills and all the personal bills and everything's together, that sounds like a mess. I don't, I think he's pretty OCD about keeping track of stuff. Okay. Last year's gross income was 2 33, but then by the time we got to the bottom of the income, the income is 26,000. Once he takes off depreciation, what type of vehicles, all that kind of stuff. What type of business does he have?


He's an electrical contractor. So he's making 26,000 a year. He's paying himself 26,000 Technically. Yeah. And it's just him. He doesn't have employees. And what about you? Just myself. And what, what do you bring in? What's your payment from your business? I'm, I'm lucky if I bring 10,000 or less. So you guys combined are living off of 36,000 and you've got the 21,000 in card debt and how much in credit cards? 2 0 6. 2 0 9. 2 0 9. Okay. And is there anything else that you think might be out there? Not including the mortgage, No. And of that 2 0 9 40 K is his, just for his business.


But of course I, I'm pretty sure I'm liable for that as well. Of course. But everything else. And so is he using these credit cards to keep you guys afloat just month to month? Yes. Yeah. Yep. And when you said he's not mentally well, what did, do you mind going into a little bit more detail on that? I mean, There's, there's increased alcohol, just you can tell there's depression. Yeah. Upset. We'll even mention the debt. We'll mention, my wife told me that we're this much in debt and you know, she must be full of it. I don't believe it. And he'll say this in front of his best friends and it's like, oh my God. Now he's like sharing it with folks. Mm. But I think he's embarrassed. I think he doesn't know what to do.


Yeah, I do too. Yep. So I, I think, you know, Anne, it it, it just sounds like my first protection is for you and the fact that you don't have any access to anything, Anne. I mean, there could be, there could be a whole other life he's living. Right? I mean on, on, on different levels, on different scales. Financially not, I'm like, you have no clue what's really going on because the money is kind of the paper trail to a degree on life. And, and being able to see that and you have no access to that, which is a hard line I draw. You have to be able to have access and be, have everything visual that you see. I mean, it's one thing if you're like, oh my gosh, she's a spender.


I'm a saver. I dunno what to do. It's a whole other thing. And you cross another line into another level of seriousness when you don't have the ability to access your money. Hey. And so, so this is a, it, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a more serious weight there that I, that I hold now in this conversation that, that creates more ultimatums. And I hear you say like, I can't leave all of that. And, but what what I would do is, is that there's other ultimatums in this marriage that has to change because you, you don't, you're not safe at that point. Right. Right. How'd you find out about the 209?


Just curious. Probably he did, did he tell you or you discovered it? Oh, he did not tell me. Okay. I just, I discovered it, I started going through his files. Okay. And I made like the biggest Excel spreadsheet you'd ever wanna see in your life. And I just, you know, tried talking to him and, you know, we were okay there for a while. Oh, I'm work, I'm, I'm paying it down. I'm paying it down. And then, you know, once a year I'd pull these files again and, and get everything sorted. And I did it again this year. And I said this, this is, he's to the point now where everything is minimums. Yeah. For me, this falls into what I, what I would call a level of financial abuse and infidelity because he's keeping everything on his side.


He's making moves without sharing them with you. And they're at the detriment to you and your family and your son. And I would push back on the fact that there's nowhere for you to go. There's always an option, but I can guarantee you this, it is not gonna be a comfortable option. There's gonna be no piece of it that feels comfortable or easy or Right. You know what I'm saying? So I do think that you have to give yourself an ultimatum and you need to say, All Right, what am I gonna do? What are my limits? What are my boundaries? And what is my timeframe for me to, and, and what, what is an indicator that this is moving forward or that it's staying the same like you, does that make sense?


You have to have something very real and very measurable for this situation. Yeah, Yeah. Right, Right. So Whether that's, whether that's, I'm gonna offer counseling and I'm gonna give him 60 days to agree to it, or I'm going to ask him for these account passwords and I'm gonna ask him for, you know, complete transparency and I'm gonna give him 45 days to, to wrestle with that and get to that point. You've just gotta make it very clear. Write it down on paper. If you have a friend, get a friend. If you have a pastor, find a pastor. But you need somebody who knows. Does anybody else know this is going on besides us? Two girls on the radio?


Yes. Okay. Yeah, a few, a few friends, close friends and family members. And what are they suggesting? What are they saying? Since they know the situation even more And they know him and, and they know he's not, he is not right. He's, yeah. You know, I married the, I'm so 37-year-old man who was fed in his ways and unfortunately he is a collector. He, and that's where the money has gone. He collects things and to the point I said, can we sell some stuff? You know? So Is he hoarding too? Like are you in that sort of a situation? No. Okay. No, it's just enormous collections of things that are really our only hope.


These assets that could help us get out from under this. But he's not willing to touch that. I'm not selling any of my stuff. He says like, oh, that's great because years ago he did, he would sell a stamp collection or he would sell another collection. So you're Just seeing a Deterioration. So Anne, I would, I would, I would bring in a third party in that. And, and again, and it's, it's so hard to say this on this side of the desk. 'cause now Anne, we, you know, we have to go, but you're gonna be living this life. But not only is it a secret, but you're also behind. You're trying to live on $34,000 a year as well. So there's, there's two ends of this that are really urgent. So I'm so sorry. I hope this was helpful to give to him some ultimatums, but I so, so appreciate the call.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app. Or free. Yep. You heard me Right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad bing, bad b. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.