
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app, Start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, about their profession, and about their relationships. The phone number to jump in is triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5, alongside the fabulous Jade Warshaw. I am Ken Coleman and we're here to help you. Jay's gonna help you save money And I wanna help you make some money as we work together to coach you up today. We started off with Taylor in New Orleans, as I like to say. Taylor, How can we help? Hey, good afternoon. Thank y'all for having me on. You Bet.


As I said, my name's Taylor married. I have three children. I have a 5-year-old, three and a 1-year-old. My wife And I would like to get some help and some advice from y'all in regards to our budgeting. I wouldn't so much say that we have a money problem, but I would say that we have a problem agreeing on what to do with our money. Oh, and, and I think Dave said it before, I think one of us could be considered more of a spender, whereas the other could be considered more of a saver. Lemme guess. You're the saver. That's my guess as well. Right. Trying to find a happy medium. Okay. So that we can both be happy and enjoy life while also Sure.


Saving and, and more importantly, I just, you know, possibly don't want to work forever. Sure. Now what is the, don't have to elaborate on that From Here. Well, let's get right to the problem. Where are we Not on the same page. It'd be with regard to spending specifically credit card spending per month. Ooh, How much? So individually, I spend probably on average around 2,500, 3000 a month on my credit card. And she's been closer to 5,000 plus per month. Well, wait A minute. Hold the phone. What's the, How much do you actually bring in in actual money every month? Because that, That, that for sure.


Are you all running all of your expenses on a credit card? Is that what you're doing? Not everything, for instance. So we pay our, our credit card off each month. Our house notes taken out of our checking account and our, our checking, excuse me, our house note is really our only reoccurring debt. What's Your take Pay? Fortunately, and that's kind of the hard question. So I work on commission and through a job change a few years ago, it, it's been hard for me to, because my wife, my wife's asked me the same question. Well, what's hard? What's A and a bad Amount that stays the same? What? Yeah, but what's, I'd say like a sure, a a lower month would probably be around around 6,500 to 7,500.


Okay. Take home. And then a higher month could be closer to, you know, it, it could be 20,000 plus, kind of just depends. So what, tell me, what's the purpose of the credit cards in all this? Because for me, that just creates, there's already the unknown with the fluctuating income and then adding the credit cards with no real feeling, like no real boundaries around it feels like it's just adding more chaos to the equation. So why do you and your wife, and let me also add, you make a fine income. So what's the purpose of the credit cards in your, what is it serving? It's a really good question. I've considered getting rid of them. I, I don't really have a good answer as to why we have them.


I have had a credit card since I guess I got out of college. And I've fortunately always been able to manage it, at least as far as I can tell. Like, I haven't racked up a bunch of debt. So I've just, I've just kept the credit card and when my wife And I got married, got her one too. Is It a credit building thing for you or is it a we can just spend on here and not really have to think about it until it's time to kind of tally it up sort of thing? If you had to point to one reason, what do you think It is? Even if it's not you, your wife's reasoning behind it. Right. Initially for me it was credit building. I, I just kind of got used to budgeting, comfortable budgeting with what I knew I was gonna spend on my credit card.


And, and, And I guess I'll point out a while back, like years ago when I originally had this conversation with my wife, she was paying some bills automatically on her card. And then I was paying some bills automatically on my card. We've since changed everything to be autodraft from my card for the majority of it. So a lot of, some of my, my charges are necessities like bill, but credit Cell phone bill. Okay. So, so the majority of your 2,500 is your household bills and then a little bit of spending for you. Am I to understand that the $5,000 she's spending per month is just kids clothes and all the fun things? Is that what is that what it, because you, you opened up this call and it felt like to me, Jade, correct me if I'm wrong, I was feeling like the way you were saying this, you're very kind man, And I think you're a gentleman, but it felt like my wife is blowing a bunch of money on her credit card and I'm taking care of serious stuff.


I got some audience folks that are shaking their head in the lobby. So I is that what's going on? What is she spending the 5,000 on? For sure. Y'all, y'all, I mean, you hit the nail on the head. I, I would consider, the way I say It is I think she's buying a lot of things. I would hope, I hope that this call excites both of us and her to look at more long-term. Is she listening To This call investments? Well, here's the problem, But she knows that I'm on. Yes. Oh, she Does. Oh, this is great. And There's no, there's no boundaries. Right? And, and by boundaries, I mean there's no budget, there's no plan set ahead of the month that says, right here's what we're spending our money on and here's what we're doing with the excess after we've spent our money on the things that we want to.


Now here's the, do you see what I'm saying? And So I for sure, WI would say for you guys, I mean, I'm always gonna tell people to cut up their credit cards, but for you guys, it's like a no brainer. I feel like in many ways it's just creating more chaos around the subject of money and it's creating a free for all. Because I don't know what the limit is on these credit cards, but clearly it allows you to go out of bounds when she feels like going out of bounds. And the great thing about cold hard cash, Ken, when it's gone, It is gone. It is gone. However, like there's no more, However, I think Jade's right, but right. Taylor, I feel like the bigger issue is the fact that you guys don't have a very clear spending plan every month. And whether you're paying cash for the five grand as Jade is suggesting, or you put it on a credit card, the stressor for you is, is how much money you both are spending, whether she's spending most of it or not.


This is a we thing. I'm assuming you guys are not separate accounts. You guys are joint banking account and you guys are together on this. Is that true or false? That's that is true. We were separate when we got married And I thought it worked fine. We've since made it joint after our first child. That's good. And I do wanna mention that we, So I try to max out my 4 0 1 KI come close, or I, you know, a couple years a little short of it. She contributes the, you know, full, she's not maxing it out, but she takes advantage of her company match. Now she's working a little bit less now that we have three children. So she's not gonna be able to max out her 4 0 1. But let's, let's cut to, I'm putting in more, let me cut to the checks.


'cause we, we got about a minute left and here's what I'm thinking. Absolutely. I wanna get Jade's take on this after listening to all this, you are stressed out about how much she's spending. Yeah. And that means you guys gotta get on the same page with a real budget like Jade said. But more importantly, I think this is a marriage conversation about what you're valuing. And we don't have a lot of time to discuss this, but to me, the big question that I have for you is, And I want you to give it to me in 10 seconds or less, All Right? Just spit it out. How much money out of the 5,000 that she's spending, do you want to earmark to something else? Which is what's created stress for this call. I would like to have at least 2000 of that earmarked towards savings, investing, charitable, That's what I Thought.


Other things. Not just spending, That's the starting point. Jade, I I wanna give you the jump in here, but I think that's where he's gotta get to with Her. Yeah. And the way to do that right now, you're doing the budget the way I used to do a budget, which is I plan for all the things I know I have to pay for a house car, you know, phones, things like that. But everything else is up for grabs. Treat yourself money, you need to take that, treat yourself money and plan EveryDollar of that money as well. And yes, it can include, include some of the fun things your wife wants to do, but it also needs to include the really important things like planning for the future that you want to do. You guys gotta get together and talk this out, share your feelings around this stuff and then come together with a plan.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's.


Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill Mortgage. Churchill is Ramsey Trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps. Millionaire, get started on the American dream of home ownership today at Churchill Mortgage dot com. That's Churchill Mortgage dot com.


Let's Go to Anne who's joining us now in Dallas, Texas. Anne, How can we help today? Hi there. I am a 56-year-old woman that had decided to quit my job in DSW and come to my 92-year-old mom and be able to honor her and take care of her while living on our family farm. And I have now, as of the end of May, sold my house and emptied my retirement and savings and paid as much into credit card debt as I can. But I still have another $64,000 to pay And I have an immune system issue that causes intense and immense pain.


So during the time that I'm not taking care of my mom, I am having to more or less lay down and be in bed and I'm trying to figure out how I can get the $64,000 of credit card debt paid and behind me. It's very important for both my mom And I to be right with God. Okay. Alright, so couple quick questions here for Jade And I, when you said you emptied your retirement, does that mean it's all gone? Like there's none of it left. And do you have any? None income. None. Okay. Do you have any income coming in at all?


Only my mom's government income. And how much is that every month, Ann? 2300 approximately. And and how much did you have in retirement? What, how much have you gone through? I mean, we know there's the credit card debt, but how much retirement have you gone through? I went through all of the retirement because I had a, a disease that nobody understood why I was coming up paralyzed for years. And I, I ended up emptying a lot of it then trying to get different people to tell me. But it ended up being toxic mold and toxic chemical poisoning.


Oh gosh. Causing, causing my, my immune system and my body to fight back. Oh my gosh. And So I was in hyperbaric treatments and everything the company I was with put me in a lot of those after they realized what was really going on with me. And so now I am the youngest child, the other two are estranged and my mom lives out on our family farm where my grand grandfather and grandmother built it in the thirties. Okay. And she does not want to move, she feels like, can you Tell me, can you tell me how much the farm is worth?


It's right now I can sell it on the market for half a million, Half a million. Okay. And can you tell me, can you go back, thank you for telling me all the backstory. That does help. Can you tell me how much of your retirement you went through, how much you've spent on this move taking care of your mom, trying to get the diagnosis? How much has it cost you so far? I have no idea. The move itself was 11, $12,000 from, from Dallas. Right. You And Didn didn't, the reason I'm asking, I'm trying to get a clear peg on this Ann 'cause I wanna make sure we help you in this call. That's why I am trying to stick to all facts. You said that you went through all your retirement. I'm trying to get a peg on how much that was so that I can make a fair call on this.


My okay. My guess on what I had just in retirement right before I came down, came to my mom's was about 50, 60,000. 50 or 60? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. 60,000 max. I've already used the other part. And how many years have you been taking care of her? How long has this been going on? This is only a year. Okay. One year. I, I came out here in April of 2024. What are her responsibilities Out of the 2300 that she's getting, I'm assuming this is her social security, correct? That's correct. Alright. So out of that 2300, is there a surplus after you take care of whatever bills are there for her plus you groceries?


I'm thinking everything. Do you have any surplus at all? I, I would, in her social security, I try to keep our separate and, And I and her social security, we have about 800 for groceries a month. And because of our limited eating, we don't eat that much. So we usually have three or 400, a ma a minimum leftover. Do you have a payment coming in as well? Did I hear that? No, I do not. Okay. So you're, you guys are both living off of her 2300? Well, not until this month, but that's correct. Why, and are you not, are you not eligible for any assistance, any government, any disabled, anything?


At the time I was working, I was making approximately a hundred thousand dollars and So I felt as though, and I'm a pretty tough person except for my physical issues, So I was, so no, I, I didn't, I didn't go and try to make any extra money on my disability. Okay. And there's none available to you or is it There is, but you're just not taking it? There could be something available. I just know it takes about two years to get, So I would rather try to make more money faster some other way. Okay. Well, But okay, I'm all for that. But here's what I heard and that's where my brain's been going while you've been sharing this stuff, because you told me that when you're not taking care of mom, you are so physically either exhausted or in pain, you're having to lay down.


So real. I'm so real. Okay, so realistically, could you do something from home to where at least you're sitting on the couch with a laptop or something like that? That that's my question. Yes. For a period of time I should be able to do that. How long? And If there's, I would say from five to 10 hours. Okay. Oh, okay. And each day Would be a little different. I, this is me, but my friends are afraid I'm gonna kill myself because I just am a worker bee kind of person and work and manage and, and I've run businesses before and I've been in several different kinds of HVAC plumbing.


You're saying that because you're such a hard worker, that's why they're saying that because you'll do everything they Think. They think if I go get a job that I'm never going to be able to rest. I see. And recuperate from The stress. Okay. All Right, sweetheart. Okay, so here's the deal though. Okay. I don't think it's go get a job in that situation. I'm saying thankfully it's 2025 and there are a lot of remote work from home type jobs where even if it's just customer service online, okay? Just as a cu I'm just making this up. Yeah, I mean this isn't truly made up, but I mean a customer service rep Yeah, hundred percent. You're sitting down and they give you a script and you're very intelligent and you are very capable.


And if you could do that seven to eight hours a day and you're making 15 to 20 bucks an hour, I'm just throwing this out there, that's a game changer for you. And now it's gonna take a while to pay off 63, 60 $4,000 in credit cards. However, if you can put, you know, a thousand dollars a month and start knocking that out and, and maybe your physical situation, I mean you can do this. Your, your mother's 92. Yeah. What's her health situation? Her health is huge and awesome and she, I she hasn't really gone to the doctor in over 40 years.


A medical doctor. I Love that. And she's like a freak of nature. She is. I mean, you know, she turned 92 today. Oh. And every once in a while she'll say she's 102 with 202 and I'll go, you know, I have to put those, that many out. But she has always been, I grew up with no processed sugar, no processed flour, no tv. Good. Well here's the deal. I that's how I grew up. Our time is running out. Okay. I understand. And, and so Jade, I I wanna give you the final word here. I mean, she can make money needs to start making money right now. Yeah. You're, you're only 56 years old. You've got a lot of working years. A lot of working years ahead of you. And I also wanna know about this farm.


Are you set to inherit this farm? I know you said the other kids are estranged. What's, tell me what the deal is with that. Well, we got 40 seconds. Yeah, tell me in 10 seconds. We have a trust. We have a trust and it's me. Okay, great. So here's what I want, like ideal, in an ideal world, I hope your mom does live till she's 102. But I really want you to get yourself out of this survival state and into a more like homeostasis state of being with your life. Because when the come time, time comes that you inherit this money, I don't want you be to be in this mode of like survival because then that money is gonna go like that. You're gonna sell that farm and it's not gonna be the blessing you want it to be.


So spend these next 10 years getting yourself an order like Ken Coleman just told you. And I think that that money and that farm will end up being a great blessing to you.


Rachel, do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order. Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend delete me. They help with that. Yeah, They do delete me actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and It is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find so much. But Delete Me Will delete your data. Hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you So you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean It is incredible. It's so detailed and it's beautiful. Get this so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and saved me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston And I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just Go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys.


Alright folks, buying or selling a home is a big deal. Obviously there's a lot of clickbait headlines out there that's confusing people, should I, should I stay on the sidelines? Should I get in all of that stuff? And that's why we wanna make sure that you're aware of the latest and up to date accurate trends. And so we've created Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. You can click on the link in the show notes if you're listening on podcasts or, or on YouTube. But this is a great link, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market. And what we've done here is we're giving you all the latest market trends. There's a lot of free tools to help you buy a home or sell a home with confidence. It's a massive financial decision and you just don't wanna wing that. And so a great, great link there for all of you. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash market or again, the link is in the show notes, however you are participating in the show.


Alright, let's Go to Caleb who joins us now in Orlando, Florida. Caleb, How can we help? Hey guys, thank you. I think it's taking my call. You bet. So just a quick question. Me and my wife, we just finished the, the financial coach master training. We use EveryDollar, we're very familiar with the show. Our issue isn't so much that we, I guess don't manage our money properly. It's more of an issue of the income versus the outcome. And we've minimized the outcome as much as possible. We only have $17,000 worth of student loan debt.


That's the only debt that we, that we currently have. We got rid of our credit cards, just really trying to get ahead And I don't know, we feel like we just simply need to make more money, but that's becoming very difficult. I recently tore my ECL, we recently welcomed our first child. She came five weeks early, she's only a month old. So just trying to get ahead like in this crazy market and just kind of looking for some advice about that. Alright, Well then let's take your word for it that this is an income issue. And so let's look at what your combined income is or was. If your wife is, is she deciding at this point to stay home?


Is she gonna go back? Give me the, the financial picture prior to baby, what was the income? So roughly 60,000 And I say roughly because I'm full-time at Publix, she's part-time at Publix. So her hours vary drastically week to week, but roughly 60,000 combined. Is she planning to go back? So yes, if she has to, the, the goal is she's currently putting in for remote positions, but it took us six months to find the jobs at Florida. We went six months when we moved here without a job at all. Okay. So it took Us that long to find anything.


Okay. So was 60,000 the combined income or just yours? Yes. Okay. That's the combined. So how much was hers of the 60? Closer to the 20, 25 of that. Okay. So if we don't want her to go back to work, we've gotta replace 25. Let's be aggressive in your numbers. So we've gotta replace 25. Right? And that gets you to 60 and the 60 you're saying you cut it to the nub and 60 was barely getting you guys by. Yeah. How much margin did you have in your budget when, when you're paying off debt, how much is extra going towards the debt? So right now the, we're paying the minimum payment on the student loans, which we would like to be attacking that more, but with the monthly income versus the monthly outcome between our rent car insurance, stuff like that, it's just, I mean yeah, But how did you get ahead on the other debts that you paid off on the same intent?


So We didn't have any, like we, we we, we've been very, very, very lucky to not have any like credit card debt or anything like that. We've always like managed to pay that off and then we got Rid of the credit card. So what'd you do to your leg? What'd you say that was? I tore my A-C-L-I-A Surgery. Oh yeah? Yeah. Okay. I I I heard something else. I was like, I'm not sure I've heard that one. Well, listen, have you had surgery on it? I have not yet. No. Okay, That's brutal. My oldest son went through it, So I watched him go through it. I know it's tough. However, on the other side of the surgery, after about a week, week and a half or So, you can, you can work And I don't, you're, I I assume you knew what we were gonna say, but bro, you're only making 35,000.


I'm not knocking you, but the answer to your question is more money. If you guys have taken financial coach training with us, then you know the ins and outs, you got a pretty low amount of debt. 17,000 is, is peanuts compared to what most people are carrying in debt. You said you've cut your expenses to the absolute bone. So this is an income issue and an able-bodied guy, And I know you got an ACL, but you're still able bodied be, you're gonna be fine, you gotta get a job and you are looking north of 60. That's what you're looking for because that's gonna give you some margin. You, you know, and, and you know, you guys were 60 together.


So north of 60 gives you a little bit of margin. So the question is what can you do? Can you do a trade? Yeah, we, we used to do car detailing And I also have a construction background. It's just been incredibly difficult to find connections in this area. Like I said, it took us six months just to get a job at Publix. Like the market in Orlando is ridiculous. What do you And I'm hearing that from, from What do you mean it's ridiculous? Hard to find a job? Yeah, like we're we put in, and this is no joke, like we were putting in hundreds of applications a Week. Yeah, I got news for you Caleb.


This is, you're not gonna like the sound of this at all, but sending hundreds of applications out and with no connection to anything, you might as well be trying to spit in the wind in a convertible going 90 miles an hour. That's how effective that is. It's like playing the lottery. I'm gonna put out hundreds of applications. Listen, I've coached this before and Kayla, I'm not beating up on you. I'm just telling you people think rightly so. Well I I sent all these applications, I heard nothing back because that's the only exchange. But you've gotta get out in your car and drive up to construction sites. What did you do in construction? What was the actual skillset that you had?


Mainly sheet rock Bro, don't tell me you can't hang sheet rock all over Orlando. Greater Orlando. If I came down to Orlando today, see I can catch a flight probably in about an hour. That means I'd get in around five. I could drive around construction sites with you And we will get out and say get over here Caleb. And I'm gonna walk in and I'm all s slick And I look like a city slicker. I got white tennis shoes on. I could still walk into there and go, Hey, who's in charge of this operation? I am. Some dude will tell me I'm the contractor. Okay, how's your sheet rock crew? You got a good sheet rock crew. You got any losers on there that are all drugged up and they missed three days a week over there?


How about my guy Caleb? This guy's responsible. He's got a baby at home, he's got a bum knee, but he's gonna be full speed in about three weeks. Guy can hang sheet rock with his eyes closed. You got any work for Caleb? Well I, I do or I don't, but I got a buddy who does. I'm telling you Caleb, you gotta get in the truck and start driving around to construction sites and you gotta tell your story and you will get work. Okay. None of this, I've sent out applications and it took me six months to get a job at Publix. Yeah, because you were playing the lottery. You're actually lucky you got a job at Publix. That is true. You gotta get some boots on the ground. Ken's point, I know I'm a little fired up on this Jade, but like this is an income issue and if you can hang sheet rock then you can hammer a nail and, and you can do about six other things Or even the detail, the car detail.


I feel like you've got a couple of skills and a couple of businesses that are just sitting in your pocket. You said that you detail cars. You said they did, you did the FPU or I'm sorry, the the, the coaching. I'm like put this stuff to use. You gotta go out. Well I'm gonna tell you this and make it, make it talk. I love That you did the coaching thing but you've just signed up for a straight commission job that you gotta go beat the pathway for. Yeah and as much as I love that, I think you'd be better off hanging sheet rock detailing cars while you're not at Publix. You gotta replace your wife's income bottom line, right? Like 25 grand dude now. And So you gotta go do it, right? You are. And Caleb, listen, I am for you and I'm not mad at all, but I'm gonna tell you something with a baby.


It's time for you to get out there and hustle bro. You got people relying on you and you are letting life happen to you and you need to happen to it. In fact, are you working today at Publix? No sir. Get in a truck right now or the car and drive around five different places that are building right now and stick your nose out there and give somebody your cell phone. And for all those applications you sent out, you ought to be making as many trips around. So if you did a hundred applications, make a hundred trips in the next 30 days to construction sites and watch what happens. You gotta get after it.


Now, Confession folks, when life gets really hectic, I don't take time to plan my healthy meals. Some days I can't even remember what a vegetable looks like. That's why I keep Field of Greens handy. It's a super food powder made with real fruits and veggies selected by doctors to help your heart, lungs, metabolism and more. I mix Field of Greens with water, I shake it up and I'm ready to go. And to tell you the truth, I did expect it to kind of taste like compost, but it's really delicious. Plus Field of Greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you get your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Alright, time for our Ramsey Show question of the day, which is brought to you by Why Refi default to private student loans could feel like a wall you'll never be able to climb, but Why Refi may be able to help you get over it. They'll work with you to explore a payment plan tailored to your situation. You can Go to Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter YR efy.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


All Right, today's question comes from Randy in Delaware. He says, I've been seeing a lady for over a year and she has borrowed over $1,700 from me oof that she has not paid back. I'm a single. Oh, I'm a single father with over $20,000 in debt. My wife passed away and I'm living on just my salary. I have a 9-year-old son and my daughter is 24. I am serious about this lady, but it bothers me that she has not fulfilled her promise to pay back my $1,700 after nine months. How do I approach her about this concern? Randy? Listen.


Oh man. You know I can Randy. Sometimes I read these questions ahead of time and sometimes I don't 'cause I just wanna feel the impact in the moment. What are you feeling right now? I'm feeling impacted. Yeah. How Well I it's two parts to this Randy. There's two parts to this. A you lent her the money and whenever you loan money, there's always a risk, right? There's a risk that the person's not gonna repay it. That's the biggest risk. And then the secondary risk is that because they don't repay it, or even if they do, it will affect the relationship in some adverse way, right? Those are the two biggies of why we say don't loan money and you hit the nail on the head on both of them. Number one, she's kind of being a scrub and not paying the money back.


And How are you supposed to feel good about this relationship? Because now it's has the ability to create like a little bit of bitterness. You take her out on a Randy takes, let's call her, you know Sheila? Randy takes Sheila out on a date. Let's call her Sally. Randy takes Sally out on a date. He's not gonna feel good about picking up her steak Dinner. He's already bothered. He's already bothered. I'm gonna tell you. Okay, I'm gonna talk to Randy. Like I would be talking to Randy if he showed up here And we had a cup of coffee, I would look at Randy and I'd say, Randy, I'm gonna tell you what the problem is. You are serious about this woman Sally, aren't you? And he'd go, yeah, I'm serious about her. I'd go, yeah. And she knows it doesn't she? And he would go, she knows it.


She's not paying the 1700 back ever because Sally, is that her name? Sally? Sheila. Sally. Sally. Sheila. Sally Ride. Sally is banking on closing the deal. Is this what you think? I know, I know what's going on. He has made her feel like she's the one, he told us in a simple email that he is serious about her. She knows he's serious. She thinks the 1700 is already their money and he's gonna forgive it. 'cause he's gonna put a ring on I, I don't know. Sally could be a rolling stone. Sally could be a rolling stone that's like, Hey Sally Is, I'm just here for a little while.


Alright, let me flip this for a second. I might get in trouble for this with you, but I'm gonna do it. Okay? Get in trouble. If you and Sam were dating, okay? This is not you and Sam real life, but this is you and Sam, okay? This is male, female. Got you, got you. I'm with you. And Sam loaned you $1,700 and you had not paid it back. Same deal. Nine months. You're a human being. This isn't a jade or Sally, this is a human being. And a woman who feels like her man is serious about her. Are you gonna be in a hurry? Is any woman going to be in a hurry to pay the $1,700 Back? I think I would. I think if I really was like, If you think that you guys are gonna be an item and get married.


If I was on, like if I was dating Sam, that means I'm like, I've got respect. And not that I would ever do this, but if I had borrowed money, I feel like it's a great opportunity for me to show If you think he's gonna pop the question Show of person I am, you're Gonna pay that back. If you think you're gonna be two instead of one, come on. It's hard. This is a human Question, I'll tell you. It's hard for me to put myself in that position 'cause I can't even imagine being in that position. I'm gonna tell you what's going on. This woman feels like he's, I think's The opposite. He's in love with her and because he's in love with her, she doesn't have to pay the money back 'cause it's their money. There's a guy in the lobby with his thumb up in the air. He knows I'm spitting truth right now.


But then why would they even, like, that's Why he should have never lent her the money. But why would they even come up with those terms if they were on, on that level at that point? It's just like, just some Terms. Well he's clearly saying like she was supposed to pay it off within a, within a term. 'cause it's been af it's past nine Months. No, it wasn't a term he's saying. He's saying here it's been nine months. Where's my money, honey? Yeah, but the problem is she said to him, in a moment of weakness, I need 1700. My point is this baby, my point is, and he Gave it to her and now she's never gonna pay about Ken. You don't go 2015 Rihanna talking about pay me what you owe me. Don't act like you forgot to the woman you love and wanna marry you don't do that.


I know that's what Well, but that's the point I'm making. He needs to reconcile the fact he's never getting this money back. He's not, I think so. He needs to close the deal, close the deal, and then get rid of the resentment or it's gonna end badly. So what I'm getting at my point is, is I'm not throwing shade at Sally, Sheila or whatever you called her. I'm saying Sally, I think this is a pretty typical human behavior when you're in a Pretty close relationship that's he's, he's the last person she's thinking about paying back. Oh, here's my other point. But you also, You don't, don't borrow money And I Know Yeah, he's already done it. So I has, I'm saying to him, pal, you need to marry this woman. I think I'm, I'm just going out here on the plan Because he's not getting the money back. Okay.


I'm the exact opposite. I think she's a rolling stone. I think that no, he's vulnerable and because he's gone through a lot and found a, a nice looking lady. Hundred percent. And she might, has taken a little bit of advantage, but she has no aim to And would you also, okay, would you also agree she probably has other debts Yeah. That are much bigger than what she owes this. That's I'm saying he's never getting the money back. Okay. That's, He's not getting it backs what I'm saying. He's not getting it Audience, he ain't getting it. Hands up. If you agree with me in the lobby, look at this. This is real time. Wow. You guys are really giving this lady a lot of credit. I'm giving her zero credit. No, I'm just saying she's not, she's never paying it back. That's what they agree with me. No, She's not like, I agree she's never paying it back. But I also don't think they're getting married.


Raise your hand if you think they're gonna actually end up getting married. Okay. See, there you go. Very people. There you go. Yeah. So, Well now in this case he, boy, now this changes everything. See I wasn't even going that far down the road. I was telling him to cut his losses. Yeah, Yeah. But it does to now if like they cut their relationship losses, he needs to do that sooner rather than later. Agreed. But I think he's smitten. Yeah, well she's shown a piece of, I feel like she's, if if what you're saying is true, I feel like she's shown a piece. No, it's of herself. It's 'cause there's a little integrity there. 'cause they're not married yet. He hasn't even proposed yet. It'd be one thing if it was his fiance, he doesn't even proposed. If you borrow money, you should pay it back. Whether it be to Yeah.


But you should not a credit card company. Your grandma, you know, whoever It is. If you borrow money, pay it. But relationship 1 0 1 here, you shouldn't even borrow money or lend money to your fiance. You would agree with that? I Would agree with that. I am a like, I have a hard line on that. I think that if you would like to give someone money and you have the money to give, you should give it. In his case, it doesn't even sound like he didn't, he clearly did not have the money to give. That's why he made it a loan. And I think that's when you get into hot water is if you don't have it to give, sometimes you can't give it. Yeah. And that's just hard. You know when the people you love are asking, If Stacey And I were dating and she asked me for money, I'd say, honey, you gotta marry me 'cause it's all yours at that point anyway, until then, I'm not loaning you a nickel.


I mean, I'm just telling you, I'll Tell you what Sam Warshaw did do. What did he, this is terrible. This is a bad, this is, oh this. Don't do this. This is he. Okay. My car, I was driving a Jeep Liberty and the, the, the AC and the heat on it was bad. And so when winter came, my heat wasn't working. And he got in my car and was like, you've been driving around like this. And I'm like, yeah. He's like, I'm gonna get you a car. And I thought he was being a hero. He co-signed a car for me. This is pre you guys getting outta Death. This is pre skinny. No, we weren't even married. We weren't even married. Oh, you were dating. Yeah. He co-signed a car for me. We were just, you all, we were just about This Is all part of your story.


Yeah. This is all part of you. And that's what I'm saying, like seeing the Light pay off half a Million. That's why, that's why I'm saying like, you might be right that he was smitten. 'cause I think that a guy like love goggles will make you do anything. That's What Sam did With you. Yeah. But it's a good thing I married. That's a fact. Married Him. Otherwise he'd Be a creek. See here's problem. Here's a problem with our guy. What's this guy's name? Randy. Randy, listen, here's the problem. Every guy wants to be the knight on the horse. Exactly. Knight in shining armor. Yeah. And it's, it's one of our kryptonite problems. And this girl bat her eyes at him and she's cried and he swooned and gave her $1,700 and he might as well lit it on fire. All Right. Not getting that money back, just Don't do it ever.


It muddies any relationship, whether it's romantic or any kind of relationship. Don't give friends or family alone.


Most phone plans are like bad roommates, unpredictable, always asking for money, hard to get rid of and they never do the dishes. But Boost Mobile, totally different story. It's just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data, no contracts and no weird hidden charges. Just 25 bucks a month forever. That's right. The $25 price will never go up. And if you're still skeptical, I get it. That's why Boost Mobile offers a 30 day money back guarantee. So try boost. You'll love it. Or get your money back. Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY to make the switch today. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. Restrictions Apply. See Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY for details.


This is The Ramsey Show where America comes to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. All three of those areas are very tied together. One's not working and tend to affect the others alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number is Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number. Let's Go to Lisa in Detroit. Lisa, How can we help? Hey, I'm calling in because my husband, he entered into a debt consolidation program. He has about $30,000 in debt. We are not in the program together and I was wondering if there's any alternative or way out of this to give a quick breakdown.


Again, I have about, he has 30,000, I'm not included. I have about 13,000 debt. I'm on a fixed income secondary to a disability. I'm in end stage renal failure. We have five kids, no savings and I don't know where to go from here. Oh Gosh. I'm so sorry. So I'm wonder if there's any, any way you can help. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry. You're going through what you're going through. It sounds like unbearably tough five kids. Is there a reason that yours wasn't included? Can you gimme just some more insight as to how you guys are thinking through this? Because that was my first question. Why just his and not yours? Not that it was a good choice, I'm just wondering.


Well, Yeah, first of all he didn't, I didn't know about his debt. We don't have our credit, we don't have joint accounts. Okay. He has his own credit cards. I have all mine. Okay. And he maxed out his out without my knowledge. So he tried to fix the problem and went into this program And I feel like it's made everything worse because his credit just keeps decreasing and decreasing And I feel like we're gonna be stuck for the next 10 years now. Okay. Okay. So this that there's the marriage side of it where there was a lack of trust and trust was broken there. So yeah. Right. Now you, you, you're keep still keeping the money separate. What's, it's hard for me to talk about this, this one thing and not talk about your marriage, Lisa.


So what's the deal with the marriage? Are you guys, do you forgive him? Have you guys fixed this? Are you going to counseling? Are you leaving him? Like what's, tell me what's up? Well, he has one chance left on this step that he has cured is secondary to gambling. Okay. We have involved his family, everybody's involved. And basically if he goes back one more time, we will be getting divorced. Okay. Right now we're trying to work through it. Two of our, we have older children. Two of the kids are older. He is my second marriage. But we do still have a seven and or a nine and a 12-year-old. Okay. Nine and 17-year-old.


That's younger. Okay. So So you've done the right thing in keeping the money separate because of the gambling. I think that was the right move. So let's think about knowing what we know, which is like you said, he's on, this is the last chance and if this doesn't work out, you're going to, you know, piece out. So let's first talk about this 13,000, right? Because the money is separate as of now because of the gambling. What are, what are you earning? And let's talk about what it would mean to pay that money off. Okay, right now I earn about 4,700 a month. Okay. That's take home from social security. And that's my total debt is the 13,000.


I have no other income. I don't have any retirement. I don't have any savings. And do you have margin outta that 4,700? No. After all your bills are paid. Well, I paid a mortgage, which is pretty high. It's about 3,200 a month. And he pays all the utilities. And how much does he make? He makes bring home about 500 a week. Okay. So he only makes $2,000 a month. Right. Wow. Okay. So there's the issue Is he working 40 hours a week? 40 plus. Yes. What's he do? He works at a, a steel factory.


The thing is, is that he borrowed out of his retirement without me, me knowing also. So there's $200 a week that comes out for his retirement loan. How much was the total loan? The total loan for the retirement total? He is done it over a few different times. No, how much did he take out total? So 25,000 outta that. Okay. 25,000. So what I think, and, and this is, you guys have to sit about this, but I kind of think Lisa, you're in charge of the money from now on. Not just your money but all of the money because if he even takes the 2000, he's a recovering addict.


Right. So it's not right wise for him to have even the money that he's earning in his possession to make decisions with. That's what I would say. So going from there, I think, I mean that's a decision decision you guys have to make tonight. Is that something that's possible? Well he's Sitting right there, isn't he? Yeah, he is. He's sitting right here. Can he hear us? And He, I took it off speaker phone. Oh yeah, I put it on speaker. Don't, don't. No, no, no, no. 'cause that'll affect their quality. Him for everybody else. But you know, I I he's listening to what you just told us. I, I agree with Jade. I if he wants to save this marriage and it sounds like you guys have hit some pretty nitty gritty talk.


What? You just sit in front of him like he knows he's got one more shot. I agree with Jade. I couldn't agree more actually, that he needs to relinquish all control of money. 'cause he's broken so much trust and the only way to build It is to take his hands off of it and behave and get healthy and let you manage the money. Are you guys, But I, I would just say this from an income standpoint, what did you say about your professional status? Currently I'm on disability for social security because I'm an end stage renal failure. Oh, bless your heart. So you can't do much, correct? No. No.


Okay. Okay. Now I have, I feel like I'm coming in with a wrecking ball And I, I apologize, but I really am saying this because I want you to find some peace in, in the time that you have a big issue guys, right now. So there's the gambling, right? And there's the issues going on between you guys relationally, but financially the biggest issue, like the biggest elephant in the room is your mortgage. Yeah. It's too much. It's half of your income, it's half of your combined income. And, And see we just bought the house And I had the money to put down, I had saved up the money, but I put a lot of it towards renovations, which wasn't smart when we first moved in. Instead of putting it on credit, for instance, like a new deck, I paid 20,000 cash for it.


I made some really bad decisions. Yeah. How Long ago? How long ago in the house? How long ago is just bought? What does that mean? A year? One year. So yeah, that honestly, I'm just being, I'm being your your best friend right here. Just telling you the truth. That is not going to change. Like the, the weight that you're feeling from this is not going to change because that's your mortgage. And unless you can find a giant chunk to put on this thing and you know, try to recast it so that the payment works, this, it's, it's not gonna work for you because you won't have margin to pay off the debt, whether it's the 13,000 or the 30,000.


And so there's two, there's two major pieces of this financial equation. One, the house. I think you need to consider selling it and downsizing into something that you can't afford. And then this other piece is what's your husband's name? You can make up a name if you want. Jonathan. Jonathan has got to earn more money. He's got double his income at the very least this year because he's like barely bringing anything in. And so those are, if financially speaking, those are the two big dogs that you need to, to contend with. Secondarily, yeah, both of you need to be in counseling. Obviously he needs to be in counseling and therapy for the gambling addiction. But you do too, Lisa, because this is really affecting you.


Plus you've got this end stage renal failure that is definitely taking a toll on the decisions you're making. And since he's there, you can tell him I said this. He has gotta get his income up. Part of the deal of paying you back and earning trust is he needs to go earn some more money to dig this mess out.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. CHM programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


All Right, Eric is up next in Indianapolis. Eric, How can we help? Okay, so my question is, I have a debt with Chrysler Capital. I leased a truck in 2016. I turned it in 2020. I was way over in a mileage they would not sell me the truck, which I was counting on them doing because it had over a hundred thousand miles on it. So I turned the truck in, they told me I owed them $91,255. So I started that snowball in March of 2022. I had 125,000 in debt.


And year to date, I paid off all my credit cards. And then I have 49,568. So I paid off about 60, 70,000. Okay. So I called Chrysler Capital And I wanted to make a one time payment and, you know, paid off. Say, look, if this went to debt collection, you're gonna get 10 cents on a dollar. That's, you know, if it's, if it's 49,000 debt collections are gonna give you 5,000 bucks. I said, right now I will give you $7,208. And that if I gave them that, I would've paid full sticker price for the truck plus 12,000 $156.


All my lease payments paid on time plus $79,011, which would be over 65,000. I think that's really, really fair. So they came back and they said, well we could do 20,000. I said, don't you get it? I want this over and done with. The reason I want it over and done with is being killed in October. I have to get a full knee replacement and I'll be outta work for three months. So I'm trying to wrap this up. So they, she said, well, hold on. She said, well we can do 15,000. I said, you, you're not listening. I don't have 15,000. Well you could send us $7,208 and make payments.


I said, I'm not doing that. I said, I'll call you back in a week. I'll call back in the next week. I said, So what are we doing? She goes, best I can do is 15,000 and you can make payments. I said, so send me something in writing. And they absolutely refused to send me anything in writing as a payoff that my debt's been reduced to 15,000. If I call 'em up and ask what my balance is, it's still 49,000 5 68. So, I don't Know. Can you go down there? Can you go down there to the place where you bought it and have this conversation in person? No. Well, I'm dealing with Chrysler Capital, so they're in Texas. Okay. I live in, I live in Indiana. I moved, I, I'm a native New York.


I grew up in New York And I moved to Indiana and during COVID, because my friend was working as a CNA, that's an essential job. And I didn't have any work. So I started here as A-C-N-A-I, which is a temporary, the first time how many I past the state. How many times have you gone? That's okay. How many times have you gone back and forth to get this thing in writing? I called one 15,000. Yeah. She says I can't do it. I'm sorry. You have, she's on this And I supposedly, she's a financial manager And I only talked to her. Right, right, right. So, and she can't get you something in writing.


She, she says, no, you have to pay it off first and then we'll, then I'll get it approved. I said, So you have nothing. I said, you're, you're saying me, you need all the money. I said, don't you understand, I've been paying you $600 a week since April of 2024. Yeah. What's the problem? And so when she, when when you ask her, Hey, can't, why can't you just email me? You know? Right. What does she say? She, She said she can't do it. Yeah. She doesn't wanna work. She doesn't wanna work with you. I mean, you figured that out. She does not. So can you request somebody else when you call in, can you say, I want to speak to a different agent, or I want to speak to somebody else on the phone?


Well, you know, she is the, a financial manager. So I don't know the next step up, I don't know who I have to ask for. I would tell her, I'd be like, gimme the next person on the line. 'cause you And I can't work together anymore. We've hit an impasse. Right, Right. Yeah, I could do that. That's what I would do. Lemme Tell you, we don't have any tips or tricks on this one. This is just pure belligerents. Yeah. But so they get tired of dealing with you. You know, sometimes when you call in, you can tell by the person that picks up, like, this person is not gonna help me today. You know, you can just tell they just don't have the get it factor. And it, it could be that she's made this personal for some reason and she just is not gonna help you. And so it could mean, let, let me let somebody else handle it. 'cause he, and reminder, Hey, all these calls are recorded.


I'm recording these calls too. Tell her, tell her I'm recording every single call because when this goes down, I'm gonna have my proof of everything that you've said and just remind, be as, be as much of a bully to her as she's trying to be to you, and then demand to speak to somebody else. Right. Right. And this is gonna be this, you're gonna have to pull teeth to get this done. Oh yeah. I'm gonna, yeah, I'm gonna stay on her. You might to use some of that New York charm of yours, if you know what I'm saying. Mm. Yeah. I got plenty of that. I can tell. Yeah. Do you have a cousin Vinny, by any chance? Oh, well if, just, just So you know, I grew up with all Italians, So Yeah, tell, Tell, I'm Telling you.


That's the far as I'm gonna go. I knew it. I know it. I had a feeling, Eric, I would be talking about some of these cousins of yours that are not great citizens, if you know what I'm saying? Yeah. She doesn't wanna know how you broke your knee. I got a deal you can't refuse. You know Eric, Right? Yeah. Yep. Man, listen, I wish we had seven tips and you know, this is not a term. Okay? So, so, but here, but here's my question. Should I Okay. Keep paying them. I here Well, you're on the hook for the lease. You're on the hook for the lease. So paying you don't, yeah, paying it down is only gonna, there's two sides of this. And here's the, as long as you continue to make the payment, they're like, okay, this guy's making the payment. They don't care. They just want you to pay the, the thing off.


Right. I've never had any experience with this kind of thing. So I don't have the foggiest idea of what his options are. I've not either. I mean, once, once something enters collections and it's like, hey, it's no longer with Chrysler Capital, it's with somebody else. That's when they know they're not getting their money. Right. The fact that these are still the people that you took the original loan with, that might be why they're giving you so much. A Hundred percent. They're not incentivized, Eric, to get out of this deal because you're not delinquent. Right. And I'm not, So I'm not telling you to intentionally miss payments or something like that, but I am telling you that default is usually, that's the point where it's like, we're not getting money from this guy. They sell that debt off and then at that point, anything that they get is whipped cream.


So I, I just don't think you're at that point. I think that's why they're struggling to make a deal with you. Yeah, I agree. So they told me when I said that to her, I said, I know how this works. Is it just gonna Go to collections? She said to me, And I think she was being honest, she said, well, no, it's not going to collections. We're going to handle everything in house. So they do have a legal department. And at one point I did get a lawyer to try to, you know, to get the debt reduced and my, not my, not so broke brother-in-law used to be a, a lawyer. So, But, but on what bounds would that be?


I mean, was there anything that was wrong that took place? Or did you just beat the heck out of this truck? No, I I, I, my game plan was to buy the truck, finance the truck. When the, when the lease was up. Yeah. I was like, okay, the lease is up, I wanna buy the truck, you know, I'll give you a down payment And I, I'll make payments. You know, I, that, that was my game plan. They were, oh no, it's got more than a hundred thousand. So the same people that leased me, the truck won't sell it to me after I made all my payments on time and come on. Right. But was it in the, I'm asking, was it in the con like you signed a lease contract? In the lease contract? There's nothing in there that says if it's over the miles, they're not gonna sell it to you.


Nothing. I have a copy of the contract. Okay, well then yeah, maybe you get your, your brother-in-law, who's the lawyer to help you with this. The, you know, He's retired Well, but he's got nothing else to do. I just, I'll be honest, I've never heard someone be on the hook for this much money after a lease gone bad. Well, I went way over in the mileage. I mean, if, if you read the contract, It is, you know, it's legit. You know, they, they really have, they really can enforce it if They want. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's, you're not in good Position. That's, that's why I'm saying, but you, you were saying it wasn't in the contract. I'm like, something's in that contract. It wasn't that they're holding you to. Yeah. I, I think, again, we've given you our best advice.


You gotta try to get somebody else on the phone and see if you can get 'em to work with you. She's not gonna play ball. She, and by the way, she's not incentivized to do so. And if you truly think it's an illegality, then get with a lawyer and see if they can look at it. Yeah. Yeah. I get that. Retired cousin Vinny. Vinny, we get him ve the phone veto. Yeah. All of 'em. Dude, if your name is Veto, you're a boss. I know. I wish my name was Veto, it'd be a much bigger deal.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, my friends, listen, I know it feels like the world is falling apart And I know that we're all under huge pressure to perform and to look like we're keeping it all together at the same time. Here's the statistic that blew my mind. 76% of people globally agree that mental health care can help resolve personal problems. Yet six outta 10 people still believe that society discourages people for asking for help. Here's the truth, real bravery, real strength comes when you open up about what you're carrying, how you're hurting, and learning something you can do about it. So that you can be your best for yourself and for everyone else in your life. If you're feeling the weight of the world, please talk to someone. Anyone a friend, a loved one, or Yes, a therapist. I see a therapist every week. If you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. So it's a affordable and convenient for your schedule to get started. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapist at any time easily. And for no extra cost, talk it out with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE P.com/hey,


So many of you have shared the show through, whether it be podcasts, YouTube, you're just sharing, sharing, sharing. We're so grateful for that. And that's how the show grows. It is just the algorithms and all of the things, the likes, the subscribes, the shares. So thank you for all of it. But we're very excited about it because we have made it easier. Now, here in the month of June, we have launched the RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. So our YouTube channel is very, very popular. And the Playlist is the basics. Think about, you know, your math 1 0 1. We're talking basic stuff on a college level course, if you will. And our Playlist on YouTube is what are the baby steps?


How to pay off debt with the debt snowball, how to build an emergency fund as three really practical examples. We're talking just 1 0 1, how to win with our process. And that is on YouTube. And you can share it by clicking the link, the top of the show notes to open the RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist on YouTube. You can text it, you can DM it, you can send it in a group chat and you can just say something like, Hey, thought this might help RAMSEY 1 0 1 Playlist. Super easy for people. One click and they're in. And it's very, very helpful. If you're listening on radio, by the way, you've got the Playlist featured at the top of our YouTube channel. So here's our question for you. The audience today, who's the one person you're gonna share the Playlist with?


Think about it. There's a person who's not familiar with it, with our content, with our show, but they're struggling financially. Jade, who are you thinking? Who you got? What? Put you on the Spot? I'm really, I'm really thinking through this. And I don't know very many people that don't know about RAMSEY. I'm always telling people about who Around here. You don have a friend down in South Florida. They all know. Those folks really know. Mm. All Right. I'm trying to think who it could be. What about you classmate on Facebook? Nah, I I I'm not on Facebook. Yeah, I'm not gonna, yeah. Retro back to high school for this one. Who would I Share it with? I'll tell you what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna share it with a couple of my son's buddies that are in college. That's a great idea.


Because They're new into this. They're beginning to slowly, you know, get some independence financially they're working hard. He's a, he's a rising sophomore, maybe some of his buddies. That's a great Idea. Yeah, of course. I Like that. I, I don't have their cell numbers, but I have to get 'em from him. But Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, I like that. Somebody like young, somebody young. When we get this information to somebody in their teens and early twenties and if they get it, it's a game changer. So, absolutely. That's my choice. Let's Go to Jose in Austin. Jose, How can we help today? I, my call, I'm 24. I have two kids. I make about 70 KA year and my girlfriend makes about 40 KA year.


We're currently renting at the moment, and it's pretty cheap. It's like a thousand bucks a month. It's a three bedroom, two bath. It's actually like one of our friends. But we've had some complications with like the house. There was like mold growing And we, we did, they, the owners took care of it. And then, but my girlfriend wants to buy a house now that she has a job. She, she was a stay-at-home mom for the first two years with the kids And I was the only one working. And now she got a job and she's making about 40 KA year. And now she's like persistent on getting a house and she's kind of like, kind of forced me to get a house.


And then I'm, I'm kind of in between getting a house and between all, I've been listening to Dave Ramsey for about three to four months now. It was actually one of my coworkers who told me about it. And I have about $17,000 on a card loan. I got it a year and a half ago and I was thinking about selling it, but if I sell it, I'm only gonna get like 15,000 and she needs a car to get it work. Okay. So it's kinda like for me to sell it. She doesn't have a car at all. She has a car now, which is a 17,000. I have a car, I have a truck paid off already, but she has her car and it's 17,000 left.


So that's about 400 bucks a month. And I, I've been trying to pay it off And I also have like appliances and other stuff that we got whenever we first moved into the house. How much is that? It's about, So I just paid off 800 last week, which is for our washer and dryers. I have like 600 left on like my refrigerator and a microwave. Any other debt and, and then a thousand on an Amazon gift, like a store card. Okay. Because we had a, we needed, we did, we were pretty dumb and did Christmas shopping on there and bought a lot of stuff that we did. What Else? And then all combined together, we have like 6,000 total and credit cards.


Okay. So can I ask a couple questions just to clarify for me, the two kids, that's you guys' kids together, right? Both of 'em? Yes ma'am. It's both of our kids. And that's another thing about childcare. We pay about $1,300 a month in childcare. Okay. That's not bad. That's actually really good. 'cause how old are the kids? Yeah, It's three and one. That's excellent. Usually it's double that. And how long have you guys been together? We have been together for four years now. Four years. So we, we, we were like just girl, like boyfriend and boyfriend and girlfriend. And then once we had the kids, we decided to move in together. So, Okay, so if you don't, let me, let's take this layer by layer.


'cause there's a couple layers I wanna attack one, I want to deal with the, the housing issue. 'cause you can't stay in a place where you said there's mold, right? Yeah, no, but it got fixed. It did get fixed. So it's not, it's no longer an issue. Yeah. Okay, great. It's Not an issue anymore, but she's still complaining. She is like, oh, this place is way too small. And It might be, but you're not ready to buy a house. So let's talk about that and then I'll go back to the other issues. You're not ready to buy a house for many reasons. A, you still have debt. B do you have any money saved? I have an emergency fund of $2,000 About it. Okay. That's, that's, I'm glad that you have that, but that's not nearly enough to put as a down payment on a house. So yeah, the proper time and way to buy a house is you pay off all your debt first.


You save up three to six months. So you've got that cushion, then you start saving up your down payment and you save up your down payment until that house payment is in a comfortable spot. Right. And we would recommend no more than 25% of your take home. So it's not eating your lunch every single month. Right. Got it. So you guys have a while until you get to that point. That doesn't mean that you can't move out of this tiny apartment and get a bigger apartment, but you're definitely not ready to buy a house. Now let's talk about the big elephant in the room, which is why are you with this girl for four years and have two kids together and thinking about buying a house but not marrying her? Mm. Yeah, I know. What's up With that dude? Yeah, I dunno. And honestly, I, it, it on me.


Yeah, we, we did Split. Tell me more. Split Out. So we did split up, we did split up for a while And we were split for like a year. Why? And there some, there was some things that happened in between and it's probably my fault. Okay. So it's on you. So We wouldn't get, we not not fully on me, but we, we weren't just getting along and, you know, we wouldn't say nice things to each other. So we were like, okay, you know what? I just feel like it's bad to grow like the kids in this household. Okay. And We were constantly arguing. So I think it's best if we just go both ways. Okay. And then you got back together. And then we got back together because I guess we really loved each other And we were like, you know what, we, we don't deserve to give this to our kids. You know, we decided to bring them into this life.


Yeah. And now Did you do some counseling? Yes, we did. We, we are still doing counseling at the moment. I got it. Okay. To that end, I just wanna jump in. Jade's got you on the money stuff, but I, I just am sensing something here And I'm just gonna ask you a question, man to man here. Okay. Are you taking the lead on financial stuff in the, in the home? I know you're not married And I, and it's not ideal, but I, you know, you guys are doing a lot together. You need to have separate finances. That's what we teach her. But regardless of all that are, does she follow your lead? Can you put a stop to making some unnecessary purchases at this time until you clean it up the way that Jade's led you? Or, or you feel like you've got no sway? So that's the thing.


Like, I'm hoping that she can hear this call. I'm hoping that it's all out there so she can hear it. 'cause she thinks that like, whatever you guys say, it's kinda like nonsense. And I've told her like, no, like I feel like we need to pay off. No, we can't pay off all of our debt. At least pay most of it because it takes up like a lot of our income at the end of the month. And then I also was like, I wanna have like 10 to $12,000 saved up after our don. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Do you know why she thinks it's nonsense? Can you speak to that? Do you feel like you can or, because if we know what the Y is And we can help combat that, I don't, I don't know. I I don't, I really don't know why. I feel like she's very young. She's 21. So I feel like she is a little bit immature at times and she doesn't like she things my way.


Listen, you're both young and you're both immature. Both. Both say both the two of you together, you yeah, you gotta stop participating so she doesn't have to agree with us. That's not part of the deal. This is y'all's relationship. And there's a lot of muddy lines here. And I would say one of the things that needs to get clear pretty quickly is you go, I'm no longer participating in any debt, period. Yes. That's what, so that's What we're actually doing. We're not, we're not doing anything on credit. Everything's on cash. I, I did, I've been listening to his audio books as well. So keep doing it, keep going, keep And keep your money separate. Keep until you're married. Don't put anything in her name. In your name.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


All Right, how many of you out there that are listening watching are sick and tired of being sick and tired and living paycheck to paycheck? Yeah. So the first step is you've got to get a budget to figure out where the money is coming and going. That's the deal. So we've got some free budgeting trainings this month. You can sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar EveryDollar dot com slash webinar now this is free and you're gonna learn step by step how to make a budget and then stick to it using EveryDollar. Sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar.


Alright, John is up in Denver, Colorado. John, How can we help? Hey guys, my wife has joint ownership of a property worth about $20 million. Whoa. And yeah, I wasn't sure if maybe it's time to cash that out and start putting it to work for us as a family. And how would I, if I should even have that conversation with her. Well, you gotta tread lightly. So it's her and it's it's your wife and who else, who else are the joints? It's my wife, her two sisters and her mother. Okay. And what's the deal like? What do you know about It? Is it in a trust and what's the timeframe Exactly?


It was in a trust for a while. The youngest sister just turned 18, so now it's, it can be sold. So I mean I, I just see it sitting there and it's like, may maybe we should just take it now. Well, you know, I mean, I'm not expecting it to go down to nothing, but you know, that's enough to change our lives if we just cashed out right now. What's Your wife saying? She, she thinks that this property is gonna be such a headache. She honestly almost wants nothing to do with it. And I'm just thinking, you know, for how much it's worth, it's worth dealing with. What, What's on It? Is it just land? It's just Land. It's just land. So you guys sell this, you make 5 million, everybody makes 5 million.


That's the deal, Right? Who's there? There's some capital gains, but yeah, pretty Much. Sure. Who's, who's the one that doesn't wanna pull that lever in the mix? I think they're all, my wife and all of their sisters are kind of just whatever about it. Why Are they whatever about it? Because they, they have a weird dynamic about money and their family and they, honestly, I just don't think they want to deal with the potential of making their mother angry. Why would selling it make their mother angry? Tell you're, you're Like, I feel like we're missing something. I know. This is like an onion. Tell us. Get, get, getting right to it. I'm sitting here listening and listening and listening and I'm going, I don't think I've got the full story.


So your mom, your wife's family is very wealthy. Is this it Through, through this real estate and that's pretty much it. Okay, so this is the one big nest egg. And what is, explain the part about the mom being mad about them selling this now that they're of age. Explain that Since she owns a share of it also she is just, she, she sees it as almost like her legacy and doesn't want to see it go away. And she's always been really bad with money. She's gone through bankruptcy before. She's considered doing it a second time recently. Oh my God. And part of the issue, part of the issue is that they, they are concerned that she will do some sign, find some way to put this as leverage for, you know, and or collateral for another loan or something.


Then It'll be gone Forever. All Right. So let me, so okay, so you're saying the share, if you sell this land right? What would she stand to make her share? Her share would be 5 million. 5 million. Okay. All Right. So they're your, your wife's and the, the sibling, they're all worried what she would do with the 5 million? No, they're, they're worried that she might find some way because my wife and her siblings, they've never actually sat down and talked to the lawyers or read the will or anything. So they're worried that she might have some way to like weasel it into her name. And so that's why they're almost all just like, I don't, I don't So you Do with this even know, how do you even know if, if nobody's read the will, how do you even know that this is theirs?


We've been told by the mother-in-law. Oh listen, I think that here's what I think and can please weigh in. I think that, and I'm not saying anything, please understand. If I were in your shoes, I'd be having a lot of questions too. 'cause $5 million is not a little bit of money. It's a lot. So I kind of think that you're sitting to the side, your eyes are getting big 'cause you're seeing, oh, there's some potential here. But truly there's no facts around the situation. It's odd to me that there's this major piece of possible money and no one's moving towards it. No one's reading the will. No one seems to care. I almost wonder if it, what's really going on.


And So I feel like your homework is sit down with your wife and have the conversation say, Hey, what the heck's going on with this $20 million property? Are we selling it? Are we gonna read the will? Like what's going on? Like, can you talk to your wife like that, just candidly? Yeah, And I have, and she, she's just said to me, you know, I, I don't expect to get anything from my mother when she passes. I don't expect to get anything from this. I don't, I I just assume that this is gonna be a known factor in my life, So I just want nothing to do with it now. But it's not even a thing of How did it come up? How did it come up to where you called us and told us all of this stuff? Like how did this, seems like something just popped up recently Because the mother-in-law, she talked to my wife recently who then talked to me.


She talked to my wife about potentially selling it and to pay off her debt. And of course my wife would get her share. And I wasn't around when this conversation happened or I would've been telling my wife, yeah, you should probably do this or really consider it. So when my wife finally told me And I was like, what, well why didn't you say, yeah, let's do this. And she was just like, oh, I don't know. I, I just didn't really. Okay. How many other siblings are involved? Two. Two, okay. I, first of all, we get these calls a lot. This, the details are different, but the scenario is the same. You're the brother-in-law. And by the way, it's funny you, I mean, excuse me, you're the son-in-law and you keep going. The mother-in-law, you don't go, you never once on this call said Sharon, my mother-in-law or whatever her name, Whatever her name is.


Yeah. It's like the mother-in-law. So it feels like your wife's response sounds like a person who is exhausted in the relationship with her mother. That there are probably some emotional boundaries that are there. And she's almost completely apathetic because she just, the idea of even dealing with mom on this doesn't even feel like It is worth it. Am I about right on this? Yeah, that sounds pretty accurate Because in a normal situation You'd be jumping, she Would be like, yeah mom, I'm, I'm thrilled to get my, my cut. It sounds like she's resigned herself to say even though, I guess it's the f the your father-in-law who left this land, It was their grandmother, the father-in-laws, everything, the picture.


Okay. So it sounds like when the grandmother passed, left this land, even though it sounds like your, your wife is a, like, already entitled to her percentage of it, your, it sounds like your wife is just resigned to saying, Hey, I'm not fighting this battle. I'm Doesn't even wanna look into it. I'm happier with just waiting until my mom passes and then she, and then it'll just go directly to me and then I don't have to fight her about this. That's what it sounds like. Yeah. That's pretty Accurate. I say, and by the way, okay, so based on that your position as her husband and the, or one of the son-in-laws or whatever the situation is, you don't get a vote, right? You, you get to give an opinion to your life. It's family business, but other than giving an opinion to your wife, there's nothing you can do.


So, you know, should you encourage her, sure. Be great for you guys financially, but she's gotta then corral the other siblings I guess. Or Go to her mom and go, mom, I think it's a great idea, I'm for it. And but then who knows what the other siblings are gonna say. Yeah, because at what point, the question is how much are you willing to force the sale of this and possibly for, for your wife? That's the question. And possibly really have a good mess with relationships. That's an interesting question. Do you have a good relationship with your mother-in-law? It's okay. What does that mean? That's Not an answer. We exchange, we exchange pleasantries and we're friendly with each other.


We talk. It's on a have to basis. Have you ever had a fight or anything? No. Well, okay, my point is you're a grown man and if you wanna call your mother-in-law up no, Ken, No. Hold on a second. You didn't even let me finish before you disagree. If you wanna call your mother-in-law up and go, Hey, my wife said that you said this. Oh, no kidding. But she asked me for input on this. What is the situation? And just listen, that's a normal conversation. Can she He can totally do that. No, He can't do that I don't Think. Why? Why? Without the, without the wife nose? No, She would need to be okay with that. Didn didn't say behind her back. Oh just say, Hey babe, you care if I bring the subject up and see where your mom's really at on this deal.


Of course you gotta get buy-in from the Wife. I don't know. I think this is a bad idea, Ken. No it's not. It's called being an adult and that's if your wife's okay with it just to see where it sits. This aggression. Shout out stand. Look at the audience. They're saying thumbs down Ken. Well I have a good relationship with my mother-in-law. I could absolutely do that with my wife's approval. With the wife's Approval. Did you guys not catch that? I mean even still it's, it's some dangerous territory. All Right. You know what? I reserve the right to be wrong but you all are wrong.


Buying and selling a home is a big deal and you want an expert in your corner fighting for you to get the right deal at the right price. That's why we only recommend Ramsey Trusted real estate agents. They're handpicked pros who know their stuff. Listen to your needs and have your back from the first call all the way to closing day. To find a Ramsey Trusted agent near you, visit Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession and their relationships. All of those are intertwined and if one of them's off, it can make a mess And we want to help you avoid a mess or get out of the mess alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. Phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Eric is up in Cincinnati. CI Cincinnati. Cincinnati. I'm super phone today apparently. Eric, How can we help? Yeah, so right now me and my wife are in baby step two and I'm wanting to know how long I should work a part-time job because we have a 2-year-old toddler at home and my wife is also pregnant right now.


Oh wow. So we wanting due the end of August. So we have a little bit of a nest egg saved up and I'm wanting to get a part-time job to keep tackling the debt snowball. Perfect. Just wanting to know how long should I should do that. You should do it until you don't need to do it anymore. It's a part-time job number one. So let me be more specific. Obviously when baby comes, you're gonna hopefully tell those folks, look my wife is due at such and such time and as a result that's gonna affect my ability but I need this job. Want this job. So given this whatever you're, I, I gotta be careful on this 'cause the maternity leave for dudes is something that is a thing now And I've never understood It is understood it.


I get hot water 'cause people think I'm a caveman but whatever that is on your day job and same thing. Tell 'em you gotta communicate to 'em. But my point is, you know to the extent that the wife will let you outta the house 'cause you got a marriage first, that's the deal. I'd be working as much as I could to pay off this debt, you know. And so if the baby weren't in the picture, the new one coming along, how long would you have anticipated needing to work this part-time job to get out of debt? That one would still be uncertain. We have about little less than 89 K in debt and based on the, the map on the EveryDollar app is what I really love using it would be about three years.


Okay. For us to get out of that 89 debt. What's Your income? What are you making with the part-time job Right now? Part-time job isn't solidified. I've got the interview Wednesday. Okay. Or four o'clock in the afternoon. What are you making Now? My day, my day job is about 26 an hour doing 40 hours a week minimum. And what does that And then my wife's day, Hey do that math for me right quick and tell me what that is a month for you. I bring in about 2300 a month after taxes and insurance. And what would the part-time job pay? 1175 an hour. Doing What?


It is literally just a drive through like convenience place. That's literally two minutes from my house. Okay. I understand why you did that. It's a super close job. I get it. But you need to be making more. I think you can Too. $11 an hour is not a good exchange for this extra time to be away from mama and the two little ones. Yeah. What do you know how to do? Is there something you can do on the side for people and set your price? You seem like a guy who knows how to do things. Yeah, so my daytime job at the moment is a security technician and potentially I'm worth talking to another company that if God opens all the doors I would turn into a programmer for security gamers and access control. Great. I'm just telling you to spend any extra time away above and beyond.


'cause that's putting a strain on on your wife. It's putting a strain on you. However, we're okay with this extra strain. That's why I immediately started off with, you gotta do this part-time job to bring an extra income as long as it takes. Because if mama's gonna stay home, even for the maternity leave, you need that extra income and this is gonna get you outta debt earlier while the kids are little. See the 2-year-old doesn't understand time so it's gonna hurt your heart. Let's just be real. It's gonna hurt your heart to be away from from them. But you're doing it for a season And I think a lot shorter season in three years. That's where, that's where Jade's going with this deal. She's trying to figure out your money thing.


So let's keep going with Jade, but let's acknowledge that it doesn't make any sense for you to be doing a part-time job and making $11 an hour when you're worth 26 an hour at the baseline, Then you're gonna, you'll loathe being away from your family. Yes. For $11 you're already not gonna wanna do it. I agree. But for that money you are going to hate it. Great statement. You know, so here's my thoughts on this. First off, you are in baby step two. You do have a baby on the way. So I do wanna highlight this teaching 'cause I think it's important. Any money that you do stack up during this time, you're kind of holding it and keeping it in a fund, a baby fund just to make sure everything goes right with the pregnancy, everything goes right with the delivery.


So just remember that we still want you grinding it. Yeah. But just keep that money to the side and then once the baby's born, then you throw it on whatever your smallest debt is and yeah, I think that to Ken's point, now's the time to really figure out what can you kind of crank up today that you can start making money even if it's knocking on the doors in the neighborhood, that's really nice. That's around you and starting to, it's summertime, start mowing lawn. Like anything that you can set the schedule because that's the other thing that's gonna gonna give you peace when you have a a little baby having that control Yeah. Of saying I get to set my schedule, I get to set my rate. That'll keep you doing these side hustles a little bit longer because you've got a really a three year, two and a half year train in front of you.


And so setting it up that way is, I think is gonna help you long term. Yeah, I totally agree. Head down for a season and and you guys can get there. Alright, let's, let's talk about this. Yeah. I wanna chop this up. Yeah. So let's talk about young couples, babies on the way similar to this scenario and they're in baby step two because we got a lot of new people joining us all the time. There's the intensity, we, we preach gazelle intensity. If you haven't heard us talk about that before, just a quick kind of metaphor. You ever seen one of those nature shows and you see a gazelle and the Serengeti of the savanna trying to get away from that lion, right? It is everything they got to get away and this situation comes in here.


I I want your thoughts on this 'cause I I I know my thought is just do whatever. Yeah. As long as the wife is not yelling at you and come home, help me. You know, she needs help as well. What's the level of intensity like in that scenario from your point of view, not as just a money expert as a Woman? I think it's a, it's a mental shift because, And I, I'm gonna speak on this from a little bit of a different perspective. I think what happens is we, we go, baby's on the way. Family's my first priority. Yes. Family is your first priority. Whether it be your marriage, part of the family, then your kid's part of the family, right? It's usually one and two, right? But then we really forget and our mind immediately goes to the way I show that something is a priority is I spend time with it.


When really there's this whole part of it that's like, hey, what are the different ways that you value a priority If you say your family's a priority, there are more than one ways to show that. Time is just one of the many. Another way that I show that my families are priority is I take care of my body. I eat healthy, I make sure I'm gonna be here for the long haul. Right? Another way I take care of my family and make sure that they're the priority is I go out and work and make sure the lights stay on and that there's food on the table and that tuition is paid. Right? So instead of laser focusing in on this one small aspect of what makes a priority, a priority, which is time. We have to look at the seasonal component and say, well in some seasons time could be a priority. Yeah. In other seasons going out and grinding that ax and making some money, that's the priority and that's how I prioritize my family.


And so depending on what your financial situation is, that really does speak to how you bullet point, how to make that a priority. But you gotta, the relational component is you got a wife at home with a couple of babies, you gotta smooth that one out. You gotta smooth it out. You might but have that conversation with her and then she'll start to say, oh okay, I see. Yeah, he does prioritize us. And that's a vision casting. I love that you lay that out. Just cast a vision. Short season we're gonna do this. Here's what life is gonna look like on the other side. Get some buy-in. Don't have to be a caveman about it.


You spend hours researching before making a major purchase like a home or car. But it's also a good idea to put in the work, searching for the right insurance coverage to protect your biggest assets. I recommend using Ramsey Trusted pros, whether you're looking for car home or any other type of insurance. Ramsey Trusted providers have been coached and vetted to serve you like we would find what you need at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash insurance.


Alright. Springfield, Missouri is where we're going next. Aiden is joining us there. How can we help? Hi, my name's Aiden Thompson And I need some advice on how I can control my money better and finance it better with My fianc. 'cause we are struggling to figure out ways to pay our bills the correct way. Okay. Our bills, does that mean you guys are sharing finances before getting married? In theory, yes. We have separate accounts and everything, but we're trying to in theory control 'em as one set of separate people. So you're living together? Yes.


Is this a rent or a home mortgage? This is a rent. We live in an apartment. Okay. What do you guys make? I make probably about $800 a month and she probably makes about 400 a month. Okay, well there's your problem. $1,200 a month? That is, yes sir. I don't, I mean you barely can live in a cardboard box for that. How old are you? I'm 22. 22. What Do you do for a living? Well I have three jobs. I work at two restaurants and then I just got a third job today. Okay. Time out doing some umpiring. You are not doing much work at all. $800 a month is what you're bringing in with three jobs Roughly.


It was. I just got my third job today. How many hours are you working? I'm working at one of my jobs about 30 hours and then I'm about to quit my second job. Okay. So what can you, can you tell us what they are so that we can let them know about themselves live on the air? Because anybody that's not paying you to work 30 hours and you're not even, Are you waiting tables Basically? Yes, but I just bring out the food. Okay. Listen dude. Oh gosh. How old are you again? 22. 22. Okay. You need to go get a job at a grocery store or Walmart anywhere else or somewhere else where you're making way more than you're making now.


Amazon Flex. Yeah. Anything else? Like you bringing out food? I don't know if you've done the math on that. $800 divided by 30 hours ain't much. All Right. That's crazy to me. So you call And I appreciate that you called but you need some income and so you're shooting for $15 an hour, $12 an hour, $20 an hour, I mean anything more than what you're making right now. And what is she doing for 400 bucks a month? She is an at home CNA nurse. How many hours is she working? Three.


She works about probably four to five because she only has one client right now. Okay. What is she doing with the rest of her time? She does like door dashing all to make up the extra money that we can't or we don't have. And how much does she make from that? Because you said she makes 400 bucks. Is that total? She's not Of what I'm aware of. Probably she's Not working. Aiden Can she, instead of trying to build up her own book of business, can she go work for a company that will do work for hire for her like care doc? Like She probably, she can, we've talked about trying to get her a better paying job 'cause she loves what she does.


But this job that I've tried talking to her about isn't working her of what she needs. She's not actually doing it. That's yeah, that, that's the problem. She might love the idea of doing that work, which is great. She's just gotta actually go out and be able to do that work because what you're describing is just a couple of hours a whole for the whole week. So either she needs to get with a company that will send her out on jobs or she needs to get very, very serious about getting on all the sites that would book her as, you know, individually to come out and be a care nurse. Yeah. Are you stumped right now? I'm just doing some math over here. I didn't want you to think I left you hanging.


I I I'm just doing math. He's making 26 bucks a day. Yeah, 26 bucks. Yeah, You can do that. You can triple that today just by mowing lawns. It's summertime. Just by going out and being like, can I, do you see what I'm saying? I just want you to, I don't want you to fall into just this pattern of well this is what I got and that one's not enough. I'll just go get another one just like it and just keep stacking up these, these bum jobs. I want you to go, this is not good enough for me. Like I, I'm a hard worker, I'm a smart guy. Like I deserve more than this. Yeah. And if, if, look for the opportunity and if you can't find it, start creating it for yourself.


Yeah. Get in the car and Go to construction construction sites and say I'd be willing to be a laborer. That means you're carrying bricks around. You're, you're carrying drywall shoe. I mean, excuse me, plywood and throwing it up to these guys. I did this as a 19-year-old. You can make more money as a laborer on a construction site than you can carrying out food. Do you understand what I'm saying? Aiden? I need to hear something from you. Yeah, I completely understand what you're saying. Is there a reason why you've not gone after these things? Did Jade hit the nerve here where you just think, well I'm, I live in a small town, there's not a lot there. I got what I got and it's just not getting me through.


What's going on in your mind around making more money? Well, I have a side business on my own, but I've applied to other drum companies 'cause I did work for a mowing company at the beginning of the summer, but they let me go because I got injured and they didn't want to keep me for however long I was gonna be gone from my injury. What were you making when you were mowing lawns for them? I was making $16 an hour. Boom. So you're healthy, go back to 'em and if they won't take you, Go to somebody else. But this idea of you don't need a side hustle, you don't need a side business, you're broke and you got a a, a woman that has said yes to marry you.


When's the wedding? Next year? June 28th. Great. Who's paying for it? So we actually have a free venue and we're not gonna cater any food so that we're gonna keep it on the cheaper end and more kind of like a potluck kind of thing. Okay. Love the potluck idea. And how much is Your rent by the way? Our rent is $1,000. So you guys are existing off of 200. Do how are it must be going on credit cards. Well actually we don't have any credit cards. So How are you eating and putting gas in your car? So I donate plasma every other or two days a week. Oh, okay. So that normally is for my gas.


And then for food we have to normally Go to food banks. Can I ask you why are you make, you are a 22-year-old smart, bright guy. Why are you putting yourself on a struggle slice? Why are you doing that? Why are you choosing that going down and donating plasma? That's like, that's pursuit of happiness. Next level broke. You don't have to be There. You are a fit. You are young, you are smart, you have the world is your oyster. What's the answer to that? She asked you a direct question. What's the answer? What's really going on that that's your option? I mean, I shouldn't be in theory punishing myself for these low labor jobs And I should probably go out and find these higher paying jobs that are gonna help me get through life.


Yeah, Yeah. And you can, I I I, you know, I just, I what I want you to hear from me is I think there's something in your own mind that's making you feel like maybe you're not able to, to accomplish, but I think you can. I I did not hear anything Aiden, that would make me think, well he's got a good reason for kind of having to, you know, reach lower. I, I only hear reasons that you should be reaching higher And I just think that it's your own mind that's kind of getting in the way of that. Yeah. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I wanna give you guys a pre-wet gift. It's called Find the work you're wired to do and it's got a about an 18 to 20 minute assessment in it. If I give it to you, will you promise me you'll take it?


Yes Sir. All Right. Now here's what it's gonna do. It's gonna spit out for you how you're wired. In other words, what you're really good at doing, what you enjoy doing and the results that motivate you. 'cause all work creates result. Do you agree with that? Yes or no? Yes sir. Alright, So if you could spend most of your day using the talent that you have to do something you love to produce a result that mattered, that'd pre be a pretty good day, wouldn't it? Yeah. Do you Also agree that that's your best chance of making income? Yeah, I truly believe that. Alright. I'm gonna give this to you as awareness to hopefully shake you out of this cycle of I'm just down on my luck and life got me behind the eight ball as I think Jade nailed it.


You are worth more than this. It's time to start acting like it, it's gonna change everything for you guys. You guys are subsisting on less than the poverty level and there's no reason for it other than sheer belief and the effort that comes with it. So hang on the line. We're gonna give you the book, find the work you're wired to do, please take the assessment and then read the book. It's about a 45 minute read. I'm gonna coach you to move forward. Please do it for your future. I'm telling you, you can do this, but you gotta start acting on this today.


All Right? If you are tackling debt or if you're trying to build wealth, you know what you can forget about. You get so locked in on everything you're doing there, you forget about basic protection. In other words, insurance, having the right coverage can impact how long it takes to actually get outta debt or build the wealth that you wanna build. Think of insurance as a shield around your loved ones and your wallet, your bank account, right? If disaster strikes, And we know it does. So we want you to take the coverage checkup. This is a free online resource, and it's gonna create a personalized insurance action plan. Based on where you are right now in your financial situation, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. This only takes a few minutes, and again, could save you money or it could actually actually protect you from financial disaster. That's why we want you to do it. Ooh, I can give them a quick rundown of the different insurances. Go. Why not? Why not? Well, why not? So I think this is important, Ken, because like you said, it, it can kind of, you know, fall under the radar. And a lot of us think erroneously when you start working the baby steps. You kind of get the idea that, oh, I'll do this when I'm out of debt. Yeah. And that's just not true. Yeah, baby. You know, insurance is not a baby step. It's something that you do. As soon as you find out you don't wait till you get out of debt. So obviously if you're home a homeowner, you have homeowner's insurance, but if you're a renter, kin, you need to have renter's insurance come on. Because if something happens to that place, it catches fire or whatever. You're out in the cold, somebody breaks in. Oof. If you don't have renter's insurance, you're on the hook for that. Okay? So obviously there's that. Then of course you gotta have auto insurance, but you gotta, you need to make sure that you have the right type. And so doing that, coverage insurance is really important. You gotta have collision, comprehensive liability, all that stuff. Alright? Umbrella insurance. A lot of people forget about this. When your net worth hits a certain amount, right? When you're, you know, you over 500,000 net worth, you need to have umbrella insurance And we say get 1 million in coverage. That's what you're looking for. You need to have that health insurance, right? Come on with That. If you don't have it through your job, if that's not a luxury that you have and you're self-employed, you still need to make sure that you reach out and get that. And we have health trust and some other options here, but make sure that you're covered, you have the right amount because we know bankruptcy, usually it's a result of medical bills. Okay? So make sure you're covered. Health insurance is important. Of course. We talk about long-term disability. A lot of people forget about that. I'm not gonna lie. Can long-term disability, if you don't get it through your job, it's gonna cost you a pretty penny. It can be a little expensive. That's, but just think about it. There is a very good chance that at some point throughout your working career, something will happen and you're not able to work for a while. So think through these things. What would happen if you stepped off the curve today and broke your leg? And if your mind goes blank or you realize there's nothing in place, I Personally would be in a fetal position sucking my phone and crying. Listen, I mean, but think about that. It only takes, it don't take much for you to be no, you know, at a capacity. So there's that long-term care. We don't talk about this one a whole lot, but this is about when you get older, right? When you're old and you're no longer working and someone needs to take care of you don't leave that for your kids to have to. I mean, think about the call. We got a call today, Ken. Yeah. The woman sold everything. She had to come take care of her 92 grand year old grandmother and ended up in so much debt because there was no money there to take care of grandma. So that's something you can do today. We talk about getting this in place when you, when you turn age 60, right? Make sure you're getting the right amount. If you have a high net worth, you probably don't need it because your nest egg can fund it. But these are the things that you need to be thinking about and thinking ahead. And then of course we talk about term life insurance. You can get that through Xandr. I don't think I need to go over that. If you listen to RAMSEY even for a hot minute, you know that we suggest that. And if you can get some ID theft protection, you can also get that through Xandr. That's for your identity basically being stolen on the, on the interwebs, right? And you can get that for super cheap. It's just peace of mind. Yeah. So these are the things you need to be keeping in mind. Life happens. You never know how life is gonna happen, but insurance is a shield against that. That's Right. So again, we want you to Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. This is free little quick five minute coverage checkup. You can click on the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. Jay, that was great. It's kinda like George talk nerdy segment. You know, a little bit. You, you just nerded out there and it's fantastic. People benefited from that.


Let's Go to Scott in San Diego. Scott, How can we help today? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. Appreciate that. So I am almost 73 in a month or so, debt free, but I'm paying 650 bucks a month for $350,000 worth of term life insurance. And I'm wondering, is that a good investment or should I cancel and in invest that money somewhere else? Why Is it so expensive? Well, well, once I turned 70, I had a term, I had a 30 year term all the way up to 70. And then once I hit 70 each year, last, last year, I was paying five 50.


This year it's up to six 60 I think It is. And it's only for, for three 50 of coverage. Yeah. What's your net worth? Yeah. Well my house is paid off a hundred 800,000. I've got a little over a hundred thousand in, in ira. My wife's got about 20,000 in that another IRA there. I've got about 48,000 passive income coming in from retirements. And then I'm still working actually. What's your income? I have to, but it total for about 125,000 a year. Yeah. Okay. Well, so I mean, I mean, Jade, we talk about this all the time.


Somebody your age. I mean, if you had a higher net worth, I think it'd be a no brainer. I mean, I think at this point, here's the, here's the question. If, if you were to die tomorrow, 'cause the 350 is on you, you know, would your wife need that 350,000? And you know, that's the, that's the question. That's why I'm calling it. I, I don't know. I don't think she does. Well, You know, Know all of 'em are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, of course Y yeah, no, she, she wouldn't, but I, you know, I, by the same token came out, I wouldn't want her to have to sell the house or think she had to sell the house. Exactly. My and, and all of my, you know, my kids, they're, they're, you know, they're doing well.


And so, So how long is this new term? How much is this? How long is this new term for? It's for through, it just started this in May, and it'll go a year, and then it'll go up again next, next, next year again. Oh, so it's on a 12 month rollover essentially. It keeps, yeah, it's a 12 month every because of your age. Exactly. Okay. So, yeah, exactly. All Right. So I'm thinking through this. I don't have a hard opinion on this, And I know Jade's got an opinion on this. I'm walking through this with you, Scott. So let's take the six 50 right now. Okay. And over 12 months. Okay. We know that that is close to $8,000, right? Quick math, right? A hundred percent. So if you were to take the 8,000 and invest that, you know Yep.


And you invested that for, I mean, let's play this out. How many years, let's say you were gonna keep the insurance for her. How many more years would you, in your mind, wanna pay for it? Well, if it keeps going up, I'm thinking, and really, Kim, you tell me if this is goofy, but I'm thinking, okay, hey, let my kids start paying for it because, you know, listen, when we leave, you know, obviously our kids are gonna get their inheritance. It's like, Hey, if you guys want this life insurance. No, I don't like that. I don't like that. No, no, no. Your kids, I, I think that's creative and innovative, but I'm glad you're laughing about it. I think that's a bad idea. If you, if my parents came to me and said, you gotta pay my life insurance to get the inheritances, I'd go, okay, pop.


We'll talk later. Yeah. What else? Are you putting aside monthly into your investment? Investment? Yes. That you're still working? What are you investing? You Know, we're not, not really, I've got a, I've got an IRA that I've put in a hundred bucks a month. You know, I haven't really put a lot of money into that over the last few years. So you're not investing 15%? I'm, I'm not. No, but let me ask you this, because, because last year I called a financial guy, Kim, you mentioned to get a, I heard you talking about getting a professional to help us. I called them and somebody I knew And I said, look, I wanted to take all my money outta my IRA and put it on by Costco stock. My daughter works for Costco. Oh gosh. I know Costco. This Is a terrible idea.


Well, okay, yeah, you say that, but let me tell you, if I would've done it last year, 40%. It was up last year. So, yeah, I, I know it sounds because everybody's, you know, like, oh no, you gotta diversify. You gotta do this. Well, you know it, Costco is not going anywhere. People gotta eat 30 Stock and you don't know that a smart investor diversifies their investments. That's number one. And I want you to walk away with that, because that is 100% true. If you put all of your eggs in one basket in that basket catches fire, then you're, you're on fire. Give Him real quick math on what you punched up. Yeah. Hey, don't just take this money and invest it because you're gonna be left with less and you're gonna have to do it over a TA longer term. I think for now, you need to really get on a budget. Make sure investing 15% of your income.


'cause the more that you can invest now, the quicker you can get out of this crazy expensive coverage, you need to start doing the right thing. Now,


These days the internet is chockfull of so-called investing advice from random goobs with zero qualifications. Listen, folks, you deserve guidance from someone who knows what the flip they're talking about. That's why I recommend the Smart Investor program. Smart Vests can help you find a professional financial advisor who can teach you to make your own best decisions with your own money. Get connected at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor. Again, Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart investor RAMSEY Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


All Right, our scripture of the day comes from Romans 15, two, our goal must be to empower others to do what is right and good for them, and to bring them to spiritual maturity. Our quote of the day from Harry Kemp, the poor man is not he who is without a scent, but he who is without a dream. Ooh, That was for our Aiden, our caller. Remember him? He needed That. Speaking of a cent, I don't wanna spend more than 30 seconds on this, but I gotta get your hot take on the fact that they're removing the pennies from the American money system. It just makes sense. Oh, gee. See, it even took me a second. That's like, did James write that for you?


Nope. Oh, the old sucks. Right up his alley. He loves a Pun. I know. He loves a good pun. He really does. Listen, I'm gonna miss the old penny. It's gonna be a while before we don't see them in circulation. I know. My only quick question is, And I literally know nothing about it, you are the person who told me about it earlier today. Does that mean that if I walk into a place and I've got 3000 pennies, they won't gimme money for it? No. It means they're, they're, they're, I don't have the article in front of me, but they're taking 'em out of circulation, And I think they're gonna start not creating them. So Meaning and does that No more minting. And does that also mean that it will remove the, the nomination of a penny? Yeah. So there's So things won't be 99 cents anymore.


It'll have to change that, because think about it. First they stop making 'em, and then they slowly pull them from circulation. Right. And it, that's gonna ta I mean, I don't know what the articles are saying, but that's gonna take a while because you know What? I hope they never take away what? A quarter. I Love a quarter. I got an emotional connection. I just realized just now to a Quarter. Yeah. Remember the half dollar when I was a kid, there was 50. Those were a big 50 cent pieces. Big deal. My grandfather gave me one once, and when he gave it to me, he did this number flipped it to me. Oh, Flipped it. Oh yeah. That was a, that's a serious piece of Metal. Yeah, it's, it's thick. If you get hit in the, in the cranium with that, you get hit in the dome with a half penny. Oh, you gotta, or a half a half dollar.


Yeah, the $2 bill. Remember that? Yeah. Oh yeah. Very Special. My husband keeps one in his wallet. Oh, I'll ask him next time I see him. Yeah. Let's Go to Thomas in Portland. Made Thomas, How can we help? Hey, how's it going guys? Good. How are you Today? So my, I'm, I'm doing All Right. I'm doing All Right. Well, my, my question for you guys is that I'm recently got told that I'm gonna be getting a, an inheritance upwards of 70,000 or more. And to be honest, I don't know. I wanna make the right choices with it, And I just wanna put it somewhere where it can just grow And I could just ignore it and it could just become something amazing.


Well, great. I have a few ideas that I wanna spend. Some of the money. I, I would like to do something nice for myself. Who'd You get the inheritance from? My grandmother. Okay. She had recently passed away in October of last year. So sorry for that. How much you thinking on spending? The amount that I was looking to spend would be about, probably about 20,000 of it. Okay. So spend 20 and invest 50. All Right. Well, you got the queen here to tell you what to do with that 50. What do you got for him? Jake? I Got questions. Nothing but questions. Thomas, tell me, do you have debt?


I mean, I somewhat, I have a, I have a personal debt with my brother for like $2,000. Wow. Which is part of why I was gonna take that 20,000 anyways and give 2000 of that to my brother. Good move. Other than that, no. No car note, no student loans, no nothing. No. No. I, I own my car at the moment. Cool. It's one of those $2,000 beaters that, you know, gets me to point A to point B, and it's made me happy. But that's the other part of where I wanted to use that money for is, yeah, Good man. Upgrade, Upgrade a car. This Is a good plan. I like that. I I like that. This, yeah. What about, do you have any money saved? Not, not the 70,000, just your own money saved?


No, I had a terrible mishap where I, I moved and then unfortunately, due to having to move and, well, to be honest, the people weren't very nice to me, but I had to move again after a month of living at this one place. And they basically drained me of everything that I had saved. So I was like, ugh. What's your income? I make, I get paid biweekly. I get paid about 1250 every two weeks, So about 2,500 a month. What do you do? I'm a, I'm a support provider for people with mental disabilities, down syndrome, autism, things like that.


Oh. I Go to, I go And I stay in the home. I live there for three days and Oh wow. And I basically do whatever it needs and Stuff like that. Does that mean you, what's your living situation as far as rent? So I do have my own apartment. I, because I do rent my own place, I pay 1200 a month for it. It's a nice two bedroom place that's five minutes from the local grocery store and close enough to where I don't have to spend too much time driving and spend money on gas. Okay. So I'm gonna bust your bubble just a little bit, but not too, too much. All Right. 70,000 is a nice chunk of change, but I don't think it's gonna be the lump sum.


I don't think it's gonna set you free in the way that maybe you think, 'cause I'm just going through this. I'm like, okay, you got, let me say this, you're gonna have to be very careful because you gotta pay your brother the 2000. That's, that's nothing. But that leaves you with 68. How much were you planning to spend to upgrade your car? I was trying, what I was trying to do is to spend about like 15,000 on it. And I was hoping, 'cause I have no credit, I have zero credit. I, I, I mean, So You have to buy, we're talking about buying credit card or anything? We're talking about buying it outright in cash, not financing it. Okay. Pretty, pretty much. I was looking to spend like 20, about 20, 20 to 25,000 if that.


I'd say spend 20, that leaves you with 48. Now you don't have any money saved to your name. So I think that you need to use some of this and keep it liquid as a three to six month emergency fund. And I, if I were you, I'd probably do it on the six month side, since it's just you and truthfully, your income's on the lower side right now, So I would save up six months. So for you, what's that look like? What's six months of expenses for you? About 12, 13,000? Yeah, roughly. Okay. So we'll take that out now. You know, you're at 36, you could take that money and then if you wanted to, what I would probably do is I'd maybe keep it in a high yield if you wanted to, because the next thing around the corner for you is once you start getting your income up, you could think about buying a house that's probably more than a five year horizon.


So maybe I would go ahead and invest this money. Okay. Just drop it into a brokerage account and keep it there and let it grow. So it can be your down payment on a house. I like that idea for you. Okay. And 'cause I, I, again, I, I don't know all the details about all of that. So I mean, going forward, putting it into a brokerage account, I mean, where does it go? I mean, how does that entirely work? Okay, that's a good question. So you would invest that money the way we teach to invest any money, whether it's your 401k, you know, money for retirement or money for, like I said, that's non-retirement that you can pull out at any time with no penalty other than taxes, it's across four different types of mutual funds.


So they're growth funds, growth and income funds, aggressive growth funds and international funds. And all a fund is, is just a big old group of a bunch of different companies that meet that criteria that a bunch of people are funding and investing in. So that's all It is. So if you have, I said growth in income, so these are like big companies like Walmart, they're making big bucks all the time, they've been around for a long time, they're paying dividends and they's not a whole lot of surprises going on. Then you have the international ones, which are good to have because if things aren't going so straight, so good stateside, usually things are doing better internationally. So that helps balance that out.


And you've got the aggressive growth funds. Those are usually smaller startups or usually tech companies. Things that really have, can have a really high upside but also, you know, have a little bit more risk and they can have a downside. So when you're investing in all of these, they're kind of balancing each other out. And we do find, obviously there's days that the stocks are, stock market is really high and there's days that it's low or there's weeks that it's doing well or not doing well. But we find that over the long haul, if you're a long haul investor, five years or more, you are going to see the upside of that. So that's what I'm talking about. That's what I would do. I think this is really great money that you have. Yeah.


I'm only gonna just add to this, Thomas, I want you to Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com as soon as we're wrapping up here. And I want you to just search Smart Vest Pro. It's gonna bring you to a page where you can put in your zip code and it's gonna give you a list of smart investor financial professionals that we have vetted. They're independent, but they are professionals. And they'll walk you through in several needs, meet with several to find the one you really like, and they'll help you invest the rest of that money the way that Jade has coached you.


Hey you guys, I was shocked to learn that 88% of you out there are sharing The Ramsey Show. I mean, that is so incredible. Thank you so much. And I wanna tell you that we're making it even easier to share. So this June, we have pulled together the brand new RAMSEY 1 0 1 YouTube Playlist, a quick start collection of how to get started walking the RAMSEY plan. Now this Playlist is perfect for that one person in your life who needs help winning with money and just doesn't know where to start. So here's what's inside, what the baby steps are and why they actually work. How the debt snowball helps you pay off debt fast and how to build wealth and invest for the future and so much more.


So here's what you need to do. Click the link at the top of the show notes. It'll take you straight to the YouTube Playlist, copy it, text it, send it in a group chat. Just say, Hey, I thought this might help, because one Playlist shared at the right time could be the turning point. One share one Playlist, one step could change everything for that one person in your life. So click the link, Share the Ramsey show and let's help someone out there start winning with money. I.