
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw. And we are here to answer your question. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll be talking about your, your life, your work, your relationships, your money, all the things. So give us a call. So first up this hour we have Marie in Huntsville, Alabama. Hi Marie, welcome to the show. Hey, Rachel. Thank you so much for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, I have four kids.


My oldest is 18 and looking at college this fall, I am trying to, I'm wrestling, me and my husband are wrestling with how to instill the wisdom that we want him to have. We, he's had a job since he was 16, on and off around school and things like that. But we've recently told him he is gotta start paying for his own gas. And his old truck that we, we helped him pay for halfway, like Dave teaches. And it just feels like it's a, a big burden on him. We're gonna pay for his schooling, but he's gotta pay for all extras. And after two years, he has to pay for even his schooling. So we're really trying to teach him, we want you to start learning really how to save and manage your money.


And I just, I, I don't know. Am I being too harsh? Is it too much? He's just got a door knocking job right now. He has a full-time job lined up, but it's not started yet. Yeah. For this summer. Is it, I just, it's, I'm trying to strike that balance between being too harsh and helping him. I just don't know. So I wanted your advice. I, I mean, I'm hearing, I'm listening to what you said, and I, I feel like a lot of it's on the right track. He's, you know, he's had a job since he's 16. You've got, you've been forward with him, with, Hey, we're gonna help you with education up until this point, here's what we expect. I think setting expectations is such a big part of this and a huge part of college.


Making sure we know, Hey, this is the college you can afford. Here's the percentage we're gonna pay, here's what we expect from you. And it sounds like you're doing all that. My question for you would be, what have you seen that's giving you pause? What have you seen that's making you feel uncertain about whether he's going to, you know, be able to carry this out going forward? Well, I guess what we've seen is from the beginning we've always said, we want you saving 75% has always been our rule. Wow. Okay. But Just because that, we just, just set up to be able to pay for cars and things like that. Okay. So he did real good. He bought his old truck. We met him halfway. But really since then, it's been hard for him to meet that something comes up, things like that, which is understandable.


I know. He is a teenager. 75 Percent's a high percentage of saving. I'm just letting you know, They're, I know, but they're full. Like when they have to pay for everything, I just, I want him to get there and, you know, have some spending money and maybe not have to work when they're in college. But I, right now, he doesn't have anything really. Sure. And so we've recently even said, if you can't figure it out with paying for gas and saving seven 5% and giving that, we might even pull paying for insurance and let him take a year off of having a car. Hey. And we don't Wanna do that. I, Marie Marie, you're not letting him have his full income at his disposal to do the things that you want him to do.


75% is a high amount. Like even if you think about the three things you can do with money He's giving, if he's giving the other 10%, 10%, he's got 15% of his income, Marie, to do what he needs to do. Right. So am I being is so, is it No, you're Too, yeah, you're, I think you, I think you're, I think, I think you're being a little too legalistic about it because at 18, he's At 18, he's about to be off on his own. And so he has to start to learn mistakes. And maybe one month, and I'll tell you, this happened to 16 year old Rachel. When I got my checking account, mom and dad were pretty hands off. We turned 16, we got checking accounts and they put a, they put, they did put a small amount of money in every month, but I, it was not enough to do what you're saying, even though they expected us to, that we weren't allowed to ask them for money.


So if we wanted more, we had to go work. Right. And we did. So we went and did babysitting. I started even doing live events traveling. Like, I mean, I was, you were working, we were doing stuff. And there was times Marie that Rachel, 16 year old Rachel would look up and it would be the 25th of the month. And I didn't have anything else on the calendar for work. And my tank was almost empty. Literally. And being like, I can't, I don't have enough money for gas. I'm like, well, did you budget? And I was like, no. And I had to have real life consequences of T nine texting friends. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's all we had was T nine on our, on our cricket phones to say, can you come pick me up for the football game? Right. I mean, like, so he needs to learn real life experience. And I'll say this too, Marie, I think a, a, a mistake parents make when it comes to money and kids and kids, especially launching into the real world, is I think we want to equate it and we wanna make it easy to say, and I'm not saying you're doing this, Marie, but just in general, like, I'm gonna make them pay for their schooling 'cause that's what my parents did, and it teaches 'em responsibility.


Or I'm gonna make them do this and I'm not doing this for them. 'cause it's gonna teach 'em responsibility. And that black and white thinking does not always work out because I know people that pay for their college and they're deeply in debt. That's true. And, and horrible with money. Right. Like, it does not equate responsibility. And so what I would be talking to him more and asking questions and being curious about is more of his character, right? Does he have self-discipline? Does he show up to work on time when he is supposed to? Is he responsible? Is does he have self-control when it comes to spending? Like, these are the elements that you wanna see magnified and how you money, how you manage money. Well, as a 30, 40, 50, 60 year old, that's the determination. That's right. And so, And he's gonna make mistakes.


And you can't stop it. Yes. You can't stop the mistake. Yeah. And It's, and you cant pat Him from it. Yes. So we can't like, set up enough rules where that he's gonna be perfect with money. Like, that's just not a guarantee. So I think you guys have done a fabulous job, Marie, hear me say that. You've been so intentional. You've really like you, you've worked hard. But I would, No, we're trying, but I balance, like you said, it's hard, But I would, yeah. So I would, I would loosen it only, I'm just saying that through my experience of being a teenager with Dave and Sharon RAMSEY, is they gave us more freedom to like, do figure it out. Like do what you wanna do because it's under their roof still. Right. And then at 18, yeah. I mean and beyond you, we, you had to manage and budget and be wise with money.


So you wouldn't, You wouldn't threaten to take their car insurance if they don't, aren't wise with their money this summer. I wouldn't because he's had, you've had such a very, very conservative amount of his money that he's even able to devote to that. So loosening the purse strings on JR I would say let him, But he hasn't. He let Him Budget. He had no money. Yeah. Let him, but she doesn't have it. Right. But, but what Rachel is saying is so true. I heard somebody say this and it's so true. You don't teach your kid what to think. You teach them how to think. So right now you're saying you've gotta save 75% and that's how to do it. How to do it, how to, but teach him what, which is, hey, you've got to create a budget with the budget. You've need to, you need to be able to do three things.


Give safe spend. You get to figure out how much of that that you're doing, but just know when the spending time comes. You need to have enough there. And that way you're kind of like slowly removing your, you know, kung fu grip on how much he's saving. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Yes, ma'am. And, and that is the goal. Absolutely. That's the Goal. And if you did that, Marie, if you went to him this afternoon and said, okay, we are not telling you how to manage your money anymore. We, we would encourage, we would encourage you to give safe spend and we want you to do all three things as your parents. That's an expectation. But you have to figure it out. Do you think he has the capability and the tools and the maturity to do that? Do you think he could do it? I think he definitely can, but I mean, we're still an 18 year old at times too.


Sure. You know, I mean, he 18, he's definitely light. There's ability there for sure. Yeah. I absolutely. So I think, yeah. So I would, I would say I would wanna have the confidence that he can do it under your roof on his own. Because when mistakes are made, you're there to help guide and direct, not to shame and all of that, right? But to guide and direct, because the truth is, you're not gonna have that control over him in the next few months. If he's graduating this May, that's, he's gonna be, he's gonna be long gone, you know what I mean? In four months. So it's tough. So he's gotta figure it out. And under your roof is the best safety net. Marie, you guys are doing a great job. Thanks for the call.


Hey, listen up. Everyone is at risk of identity theft. I don't care if you're a hermit living off the grid listening to the show on a battery powered radio. All of your data collected by every company you've ever done business with, lives online, your bank, your doctor's office, retailers, the apps on your phone, the gas station where you have loyalty rewards, they all store your info online, making them ripe for a cyber attack or data breach. That's why I've been telling people for almost 25 years, they need an ID theft protection plan. And the only one I've ever recommended is from Xandr Insurance. They monitor your personal and financial info, even your home title and take over the work. If you become a victim, it's the most thorough and affordable plan out there. I even have it for my family and our entire team. Visit xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82.


Up next we're going to New York. New York and we have Tony on the line. Hi Tony, welcome to the show. Hi, how are you? We're doing great. How can we help? So, I, very quickly, my question is, I'm looking to buy a new home. I would like to be putting 50% of my take home pay towards the mortgage of that home. I know you guys stated you 25%. So before you say no, I'm hoping to you hear out my, my details on the numbers. Okay. So my wife and I have a relatively high income, but we're living well below our means. Okay. So every month we're saving, you know, easily what, what it would cost to be putting 50% of our income towards a mortgage.


Okay. So combined, my wife and I are at about three 50 a year. Okay. And how much of that do you take home? Like per month? What are you guys are bringing home Right around somewhere between 18 and 19. Okay. Okay. So you wanna buy, have a mortgage that's $8,000, Probably closer to, to $9,000. Yes. Okay. And keep, keep. So we currently keep Pleading your case. So we currently, So we currently own a home, it's an apartment. The mortgage on that one is about 5,000. So we easily make those payments and then on top of that are saving another $5,000 a month.


We are, this is, you know, that 18, $19,000 that we're taking home, that's after doing our 4 0 1, you know, maxing out our 401k contributions, all of our, you know, all of that Pre-cast. When you say maxing out is deduction that 15% or you could, you could give more and still max it out is what I'm saying. It's, I mean it, the 401k contribution is like $23,000 a year. So we do both, we both do that. So it's $46,000 a year that we're contributing to our 4 0 1 ks. Okay. So that's probably right around 15%. Okay. Keep going. So that's my Question. So ba so you question basically saying we, we are doing everything we should be doing and we don't spend anything.


So we just have all this money and we'd rather spend it on a mortgage than something else. Exactly. You know, kinda what you're saying. Yeah. You know, we drive a car that's eight years old. Yeah. Fully paid off. We have no interest in another one. We don't spend money on clothes. So my question is, Tony Yeah. If you, if you guys have all this, could you put a larger down payment somewhere and then that would lower your mortgage payment? So we're still, you know, we are, we do have about $300,000 that we're looking to put as down payment. You know, in addition to the income that I gave you. That's like my W2 income. I do have a small consulting business where I make, you know, a, a very varied income every year. That's kind of unpredictable.


So like, all the money that I get from that is just going to towards like the down payment fund. And then once we do buy a second home, we would be dumping any money. I get into that towards the principal. What's The, you know, hopefully Paying it all faster. What's the split on your income? Who makes what? I make probably about two 50. And then my wife makes somewhere around 1 25. Okay. So here's where my mind goes. I I can understand what you're thinking, which is as your income goes up, the percentage feels like it goes further. Right? That 50% that you have left leftover feels like it goes further than if somebody were making $60,000 a year Right.


And said, Hey, I want this to be 50%. Right. Do you see what I'm saying? So I understand where you're going there, where my mind goes is I am of the mind where there's certain ratios that they're just locked in because if life changes, you're still protected. So if something happens and your wife is like, Hey, now I'm gonna stay home and or if, if, do you see what I'm saying? Like if something changes. Yeah. Y'all, Y'all have kids? Tony? We have two already. Okay. So both, you know, they're both actually entering schools. So my wife's thinking about, you know, being more aggressive towards her career now. Yeah. You know, they're, they're both Which hope, which I, she should I just go towards if something changes, where does this put me?


And these, these are just things to play out with your wife. Where does that put me? The other thing I think about is just in general percentage wise, okay, if I'm putting 50% towards my mortgage, and then if I'm giving 15% in my IRA contributions Roth ira, 401k retirement, and then let's say I'm a generous person, so I'm giving at least 10%. Now I'm at 75% and I haven't saved for kids college. I haven't put extra on my mortgage. I haven't done any of those other things. And so suddenly, no matter what, that pool does start to shrink a lot. And that's kind of where the methodology of that comes from. And I don't think that you have out earned that feeling, if that makes sense.


Okay. All Right. I mean, we did already take care of the kids' college, if that helps. So when they were both born, I put $70,000 into a 5 29 maxed out basically just, you know, to take that huge tax deduction. So, And so how much will they have when it's time you've played it out? I know you have. He's Run his numbers. Tony, I'm, I'm banking on them each having at least 200. Okay. You know, Go to the school they want and I won't take out any. So what do you want from us? Some sort of validation that I'm not crazy for thinking about putting half of my income towards a mortgage. It's just a, it's just a high percentage, Tony.


I mean, regardless of what you make or what you're doing, it's just a high percentage going to one factor. And granted it's going to a great factor because it's, you know, you're home and you know, you're, you know, but, but even paying it off faster is gonna be less because of how big the mortgage is gonna be. Right. So it's, it's a little bit of that idea of people like, well, I, well the banks that I can qualify for X Yeah. I'm like, well, of course they did. You know, but, but in reality, like what is the wisest with the pool of your paycheck when it hit your account to be able to live a full well-rounded life to be giving, investing, saving, traveling, paying the house off early kids college, which I know you have that taken care of. There's so many things in life to do and for half of your income to be going just to one asset.


Yeah. Just feels like it feels constraints. Right. And nothing can change. And, and Tony, you can do it if you want to, you can. Yeah. You're grown. But, but, and like to Jade's point other too, like a smaller percentage of your income going to housing, again, it frees it up to be able to, to do other things. And if life happens, or when I should say life happens, I think we're probably a little jaded because majority of the calls on this show is, oh, well I had a family deal that went south, or I Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have a kid that's sick and someone needs to stay home. The, the, the job that was supposed to always be there. Yeah. Suddenly a pandemic hits. Yeah. And now that entire industry's wiped away. And now we have to, we have to figure out you, it just puts you at a level of risk that is unnecessary.


But Tony, if you are willing to take that and you want to, I have a feeling you're going to, I think he's, it's his, It's His Life. You get to, you know, you get to decide that. Right. But what we've seen is what is the wisest way to handle your money? And that is the, that is the percentage that feels wise. So what I would probably say to you is, listen, if you guys are this disciplined and, and if you're not in a rush to move, just wait two years, pile up all that money, put in massive down payment. Yes. And then you are, you're able to pay it off faster, pay off your home quick, very quickly. And, and again, it's not eating deeply into, into your income. Yeah. You gotta play both sides of the equation. If you say to yourself, we make so much money that we could afford to have 50% Yes.


Then, then that means you also make so much money that you could save up a higher down payment. So, so fast. And Rachel, my mind always goes to obviously when people call in, when the rubber meets the road or you know, the worst happens, the thing that people are most concerned about is keeping their home home. Yes. That is the thing. Like I go back to 2020 and when everything shut down and, and yeah. I know in our life we're, we were in entertainment at the time and the first thing I thought about is, oh my gosh, like I hope we get to keep our house. 'cause there was no work for those who are in entertainment and we did the 25% rule. Yes. So Yes, I know Covid is an extreme example. It will never happen again. Like please God, I'll knocking on wood, but what Rachel, the sign of Cross, Rachel, what you're saying is right.


Like something, there's always something Yes. That comes around the corner that we don't expect. Yeah. And you know, it's interesting and again, New York and if you are in the city, you know, if you're in Manhattan or new, any of the boroughs close to, you know, in New York City it is some of the most expensive real estate in the world. True. So we do get a lot of people that are like in the Bay Area in true California through this or, and it's like we can't afford it. But what it sa But so I hear that. I understand. Which means there's gonna be more patients. And again, we always say like, you're not exempt because you live in California. Like the math is the, you know, the percentages are the percentages. Yeah. But this, but Therefore you're good. They're not. So we can win. Yeah. And that's the thing too is you know, again, we hear how much a house we do usually get people that call like it's 50% of my income is our mortgage and I am so stressed and I don't know what to do.


Right. They're in a different position financially than you guys are, Tony, for sure. Those calls. But my thing is, if that ever is a situation, I would rather be on the conservative side. 'cause at the end of the day, it's just a home. Yeah. So like, let my money be a tool to create peace and not stress. Love it.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips 'cause they taste so good. That's why I love my field of greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable infield of greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only field of greens makes this promise your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's field of greens.com/ RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and helps you get your life back. So kick your private student loan debt to the curb@yrefi.com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Okay. Okay. In honor of financial literacy month. Today's question comes from Austin at Thomas Downey High School. He says, can you successfully build wealth without attending college? Oh Yes. 100%. You can. Yes you can. Definitely. I think probably where that question comes from is, yeah, as a society, I do feel like we push everybody kind of down similar pathways. It's kind of like, yeah, you go to middle school, you go to high school, and then you go to college and then you get married and then you get a car and then you get a house. It's like, yes, all of the kind of these social targets that we try to hit. The truth is though, you don't need to attend college in order to be successful.


The truth is, you do need to be a continual learner. Right. You do need to make sure that you're extending your education in some form or fashion. That could be trade school, that could be you getting some sort of a, you know, internship or studying underneath someone or learning on the job. You know, plenty of people get a great job and they're just able to work their way up because they've got that on the job training. So whatever it is, it's just making sure that you have the skills to do the work that you say you would like to do. And that is not always a co college pathway. Matter of fact, I find a lot of times, Rachel, in creative arts, it's hard for college programs to keep up because things are always changing. Right? Yeah. If you wanna be a, you know, a photographer, it can be hard for a university to keep up with cutting edge technology.


Yes. Or you know, if you wanna be in film and things like that. So there's a lot of different ways that you can do this thing. Yeah. And college is not always the Pathway. No. And we do find trade schools have becoming even more popular. Yeah. Like, there's such a demand and what they're paying in some of those fields is, is incredible. And even to your point, like we've even had callers on here, you know, they went to code school for two years and they're making $175,000 right now. Yes. You know, you're like, it's great. So yeah, I think the life can look so different. Yes. But I will say that like that time period between 18 and 21, there still is a big growth time Right. Of deciding like, what do I even wanna do? Do I have shoes? And I think that's the hard thing about college is you do feel shoehorned into like, you gotta pick a major, which is difficult 'cause you may not know at that age, but yet it still gives you an environment to semi grow up in and start to like know responsibility and all of that without having to like fully go straight into like the corporate world.


Right? Yes. Yes. So, so there's, there's pros and cons to both. We are not against college by any means, but we are against being stupid when it comes to going to college from a financial standpoint. So don't go $200,000 in debt for an undergrad Right. In English that you, you know, you, you can't make any money. Right. So it's just, you have to be smart about the ROI That's the biggest thing. And It depends on what you might wanna do. Yeah. Some careers you have to get a degree. Right. I Read this stat that says if you're into entrepreneurship and you're like, maybe I wanna start my own business, only 44% of entrepreneurs have a college degree. Ah. Which is just an interesting little tidbit There. There you go. It's a great question. All Right. Next we're gonna go to Boston, Massachusetts. They just had the Boston Marathon last week to Paul.


Hi Paul, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, I am in baby step two. I'm paying off. I have about $10,000 left and I'm looking to be engaged. Nice. Congratulations. Thank you. I'm wondering what, what the best way is to go about setting up for a ring and whether or not I should pause my debt snowball or try to do them simultaneously. That's a great question. Okay. So how much, how much money do you make, Paul? I make about $5,000 a month after tax. Yeah.


Usually around 5,000. Yep. After debts take home. Okay, perfect. And how much debt do you have? It's 10,250 and some change. Oh, that's great. That's good. I'm glad you didn't say a hundred thousand. Right. That may change my answer a little bit. Yep. And how much are you looking at spending on an engagement ring? Well, part of the good news is I have a family heirloom, so it wouldn't be much because I just, I just want to, I just want to up change the band and maybe add something. But it's, it shouldn't be much. I'm, I'm thinking about trying to set aside 5,000 Yep. For him, But just, just to have extra in case because I really don't know how much it costs.


Yeah. So you, you haven't priced anything out and looked specifically? Yeah, I, I haven't gone in in person to, to see what it costs for, to actually change that and, and get an hourly rate or, or an estimate at least. Okay. And when do you think the engagement, when do you want it to happen? Are you, like, if I had the ring it happen tonight, or are you like, eh, we're gonna, I don't know, maybe in the next two to three months? Or what are you thinking? Well, originally I had thought at the end of this year, because then by then I'll have paid off all of my debt. But being that it's, it's not necessarily a lot of debt and, you know, I, I'd love to be engaged sooner if possible. Yeah.


But, you know, I kind of just, I want to do it the right way. I wanna do it smart so that I'm not, I'm not, I feel I almost feel guilty bringing debt into the relationship, if that makes sense. Yeah, No, I hear that totally. Well, we always tell people not to pause big life events. So getting married, getting engaged, having a baby, like all those things do those regardless of the debt. Right. The debt can always get paid off, but when those moments come in life Yeah. Like seize the moment. Right. So get engaged. But, but from like a financial standpoint, Yeah. I think, well a, there's still a big unknown, right? You need to find out how much it's gonna cost to do the things that you wanna do, and then that'll give you kind of a starting place. But yeah, the average person spends about $5,500 on an engagement ring that's kind of a national average, which really is keeping in line with what we would say here, which is to spend about a month's salary on it.


No more than two months, which is about what you make. So you're kind of right in that normal threshold there. So the next step is, yeah, go to the jeweler and find out what it would take to do the new band and everything like that. And my guess is you're probably gonna be right there, or maybe under, since you've already got the stone. Yeah. Unless You wanted to have a little, some something. Yeah. So I, I would be okay with you. PII, I don't wanna pause for too long of a period of time, so if there's like a side hustle you can pick up or something. Yeah. But, but you could be saving for that on the side, while I would say simultaneously throwing something at the debt just to keep the momentum going, but Yeah. But that, that's probably what I would do.


Just split it in half. Let let half your margin go to debt, half go to saving. And if you feel like, golly, I need to speed this up, see if there's extra income you can make to do that, and Don't feel guilty at the end of this if you still have a little bit of debt that's gonna come into Yes. Listen, it's not gonna be 10,000 and that's pretty, pretty good based on the things I hear around here. So Yes. I wouldn't beat yourself too, too much About it. Yeah, definitely. I mean, this is, it is so, it is so normal. It is. So is your fiance, will she have any debt going into the, to the marriage? No, she actually, she paid off all her student loans. Good. Well, I shouldn't say no. She does have two, two credit cards, which usually she has around a thousand dollars altogether on those.


I mean, she, I would like to, she, like, we've talked about our finances a little bit and she, she's really interested in trying to combine our finances and, and work towards, you know, being debt free. But we're trying not to, we're, we're not combining finances before we're married. Good. We want to, because we have had family members who, who unfortunately have been divorced and we, we just wanna make sure we do it correctly. Yeah, that's exactly what we would say too. Don't combine until after you're married, but have, you know, a full picture of both of you guys from a financial standpoint with numbers going into the marriage, which sounds like you guys, you know Yeah. Are talking about that.


And then just the value system too. Like that's the other thing we bump up against a lot is couples struggle getting on the same page after marriage when it comes to money. Especially if one of them has changed course and they're like, oh my gosh, now I wanna be debt free. And it's been, we've been married for 10 years and that's never been a goal and now it is. Yes. You're kind of shifting a big perspective. So the fact that you guys can start on the same track, you know, from a, from a mental standpoint Right. A value standpoint is a huge advantage, Paul, for sure. Yeah. That, that, that money piece is big. Getting married money piece is big. How you wanna raise your kids is big. Yes. What you guys believe, like, as far as like religious views, how we want to, you know, all of that stuff. If you can start digging in on that better now than later.


For sure. Yeah. So great, Paul. Well, congratulations. So exciting. It's one of the most exciting things. I think it's it's A great time of life. Yeah. The engagement and the wedding, the marriage, I know the kids, the everything that follows. Yeah. It's a beautiful life, Paul. So I'm excited that you, that you have someone. So Yeah, I wouldn't stress too much about it, I'd say Yeah, do what you can buy that band cheaply if you can. It'd be nice. Yeah. Because you got a great stone apparently. It's awesome. Thanks Paul for the call.


All Right. Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, Credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love it. The things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, You guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by NCUA,


Buying or selling your home. It's a really big deal. And you want an expert in your quarter fighting for you to get the best deal and the best price. Honestly, it's probably your largest asset that you're ever gonna Yeah. Buy or sell. So you want this to be a really smooth process. And the RAMSEY trusted program is the only way to find a top agent that you can trust, who will make sure that your home is a blessing and not a burden. And it's easy because you can compare agent profiles, interview them, and choose the right one that you want to work for you. So find a local trusted real estate pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent, or click the link in the description if you're listening to this on podcast or watching on YouTube.


We mentioned in an earlier segment, Jade, that you know about college and school and all of it. And it is Teacher Financial Literacy Month. Ooh, that's right. Or teacher appreciation month and financial literacy month. And we, we just appreciate teachers around here. I know Jade and I, we both have kids in school and when you have teachers who are part of your own story from being in school and now if you have kids that are in school, they're just such a gift. Like these teachers are just absolutely incredible. We love them. So we do want to honor them. So make sure to enter our teacher appreciation giveaway at rs.com/teacher. Yes. And we want to celebrate you. So make sure to check that out teachers.


All Right. Let's go to Sarah in Philadelphia. Hi Sarah, welcome to the show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Okay, so just really quick. So when I turned 18, I got married to a man who's about 14 years older than me. We ended up getting a divorce. It was like a really controlling situation, but in the midst I did get pregnant right as soon as I got married. Okay. So I have a baby now. Oh wow. She's gonna be five months in May and so he doesn't help financially. I did stay home after I had the baby, so I was leaning on him financially and even when we were together, I didn't go to school.


So the good part is I don't have any debt or anything, but the bad part is like, I don't have like a career path because I went right into being like wife and mother and everything. Sure. And now I just like need help with like Yeah. Do you, how I, where is your, your parents, your family situation through all of this from when you got married to now? So, So we got married and like my parents were not super happy with the idea of me getting married. Not because they didn't want me getting married young or Getting married. I can hear the circumstances. Yeah. And they probably picked up some things around town that they probably didn't like being a 34 year old.


Yeah. You know? Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. And then, So we ended up, we ended up getting a divorce. So I'm staying at my parents now. Okay. Because he kept staying at the right house. Okay. Wow. Wow. Yeah. I'm sorry, You know? Yeah. And he, it's okay. Actually, his family has been, not his family, his brother and his brother's wife have been great throughout this. They let me stay in their house for two weeks without like charting me anything. They were super helpful when everything happened. They were like, listen, whatever you need, we're here for you. Like his brother will, his brother's wife will call me every day. His brother was always like, Hey, if you need any help with the baby, like, we're here. Yeah.


We have. Yeah, that's great. You and you need that community right now. Like if you have that to depend on, I would, because the truth is, if you are going to get out of this, it's gonna require you working some hours, like working a full-time job probably to support your family and childcare is gonna be a huge piece of this. So the question then becomes is what can you do for money? Right? Yeah. So thankfully I'm staying home with my mom. Like my parents are thankfully well off. So like it's a place that I can stay and I don't have to worry about like, well what about the bills? What about, you know, my parents are like, okay with all that stuff. It's just like, I just don't know where to go from here.


What, what, you know, it's not like I'm in any danger right now, I just don't Know. Yeah. The Next Steps where go the Next Steps for you. Right. In life. Yeah. Turning. 'cause you'll be Yeah. Yep. Turning 20 and all of it. Okay. So I just, because of what you've gone through, Sarah, from a divorce standpoint, having a child and I never wanna minimize someone 'cause of their age, but I am gonna say because you're 19, I mean like you're a kid, right? You're still a teenager, technically 19. Right? So yeah, so, so the, all of those factors, I do wanna give you so much grace, like you're still a teenager, you're still figuring out how the world works, let alone the responsibility and the events that you've walked through through a divorce already. Right? So like, just, we have a lot of time here, Sarah.


There is no, i, I do not feel like this is a rushed situation. There's a lot, a lot of grace here. I just feel like I'm like sliding down. You're not Like a Hill, you know? Oh yes. Yeah. If you feel probably outta control. So I understand that. Yes. But you're not sliding down in an un responsible way financially or something. Right. You're, you're fine. Okay. So I just want you to just, no, Yeah. Like I have, I have no debt. If I have a lot on credit cards, it's like $40. Like I have no debt, I have money saved up. So I think I just don't know what to do. Yep. Is the divorce final, is all of that done? Any legal bills or anything outstanding there? So that's finished? No. And does he have any responsibility like from from the divorce, any child support coming in?


Any joint? I have to File still. I'm sorry. Oh, Okay. She has to file child to, for Child support. I, so this is only, yeah, this has only been a month I have to file still and file for Divorce or child support. Yeah. File for just divorce. Oh, So you're not, okay, so it's not even, okay. Yeah. Okay. All Right. Good to Know. And yeah, so there, yeah, that's why I'm like, I feel like everything is expired. Do you have a good lawyer? I have to, do you, do you have someone? I don't, I don't. Legal Representation. Yeah, I don't. Okay. So that would be step one. No, that's gonna be step one. Yeah. Is to find someone in your area who's, who's, who's a great divorce lawyer. I mean, you know, you're gonna want somebody there supporting you and representing you. So I would honestly, Sarah, I would make that step one is to find that person because when you file all this is about to, it's about to snowball into a lot of things and, and you're gonna probably, you or your parents will be paying Yeah.


For some of this too. So, so that would be my first goal. Find somebody and then figure out, okay, from a money standpoint, how Is this working? How Yeah. How much are we gonna have to have? Because that's gonna allow you to know if he doesn't, where He hasn't helped with the baby since she was born And he might, he might. But even while we were married, it'll probably take a court order for him too. And even still he might not. And so for you, I think, yeah, I'm Just trying to figure out like what I do without, like, I'm trying not to depend on him at all because I know Well, don't depend on him. Don't depend on him right now. Yeah. What, what Rachel says, right? Yeah. First step you get the divorce lawyer, second step, you sit down with mom and dad and say, okay, we, we we're getting the divorce lawyer, how do we pay for this?


And find out what help you have and what help you don't have. And in that same conversation, that's also a good time to figure out, okay mom and dad, like this thing is happening, I don't live with him anymore. And kind of figure out what, create a plan and a vision for the future, right? It's how long can I stay here, what's that gotta look like? And guys, everybody set really clear expectations of what that means. Do I do, can I stay here for a year? Can I stay here for, and really talk this through? Because then when you know what the plan is, you'll feel better. And then you'll know what you can actually focus on. If you know that you have 12 months and then at 12, the 12 month point, your parents expect you to either start paying some sort of rent or I don't know what you'll decide.


But then that will inform, okay, what do I need do, what do I need to do next? Yeah. And and I would say too, you know, 'cause we always do talk about that expectation, like what jus Jade's saying, and in this case Sarah, you know, maybe that expectation is dependent upon your next step. Yeah, true. And how long the divorce takes. It may even be of if you need to go back to school and while you're in school you can stay with them. Right. So it's kind of mapping out, and again, this is not in a rush, Sarah, for you, I really don't feel like you have to do all of this tonight by any means. But this is kind of your next big steps is finding the lawyer, filing, starting that process. And then in the meantime, because it's good for you Sarah, to be thinking through what does my future look like to Jade's point.


Yes. So what, what is the Next Steps? What does it look like? And just paint a broad stroke of like, okay, if I'm 23, what does it look like for me to self sustain? That's right. To pay rents. Yeah. All that. Do I need a college degree to do that? Do I love, you know, accounting and I probably need to go get, you know, you know, a degree that I've Actually worked as like a secretary for several construction businesses. I like doing That Admin. Okay. So admin. Admin, yeah. Administration is probably really a high up up in your skillset. Yeah. So finding those kind of things and then backing out from there and saying, okay, you know, would I be able just to plug in with one or two businesses around to be able just to start working, you know, maybe in the next six months. Yes. And that's great. Or do I need to go back to school?


Right. And then with your parents being that safety net for you right now, how much are they willing to be a safety net financially for you right now? And from a time housing perspective. That's right. Like what Jada said. That's right. But Sarah, stay on the line. I'm gonna get you Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do. 'cause that'll help in that, in that mindset. And I think it could just be refreshing to you to have a level of grasp and control over your future. But I'm so sorry about all of this and we just pray that it's a smooth process for you from here on out. Thanks for the call.


Rachel. Do you ever get these sketchy text messages that are like, Hey, you need to update your address and verify So we can get you the package you didn't order? Yes, I have George Sketchy and never trust them. And that's why we recommend Deleteme. They help with that. Yeah, They do. Deleteme actually goes in and removes your information from data broker websites and it is an incredible service that everyone needs. And there's a lot of shady companies out there that solely exist to sell your personal data to bad guys. And that means your info, like your email address, your home address, your kids' names, your name, everything is just out there for scammers and spams to find so much. But Delete Me will Delete your data, hence the name. It's gone. They'll wipe it out for you so you can sleep easy. That's right. And then once they remove your information, then they're gonna send you a detailed report telling you where they found your information, when they removed it, how many hours they've saved you. I mean it is incredible. So detailed and it's beautiful. Get this, so far they've reviewed 27,000 listings on my behalf. Remove me from 240 data broker sites and save me 77 hours of time. It's incredible. Absolutely amazing. And Winston and I now get fewer texts, weird emails, spam calls, all of it. I love it. So you gotta be sure to check 'em out. RAMSEY fans get 20% off their annual plans. Just go to join delete me.com/ RAMSEY that comes up to less than nine bucks a month. Super affordable. Again, that's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY. Make sure to check it out. You guys


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author Jade Warshaw. And we are answering your questions about life and money. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. And if you can't get through, we've been hearing some of that rumblings that it's just the lines are full all the time. So we have an entire messaging system that you can leave the message the producers can call you back to and hopefully even schedule you maybe for a future show. Yeah. So we'll see. Definitely. But again, the number is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5.


Alright, let's have Kate kick us off this hour in Washington DC Hi Kate, welcome to the show. Hi guys. Hello. Hello. How are you? Doing All Right. Just had a quick question about my 401k. I'm 38 years old. I was diagnosed with stage four breast cancer in 2020 and have been doing really well on maintenance therapy since then. So feeling much better now. Okay. I'm so sorry. Yeah, it's been, it's been a journey. Yeah. Are you, are you single? Do you have a family? I am married, but I don't have any children. Okay. Oh my gosh. And so how are you? And you're doing okay right now, you said?


Yeah, things are going well. I've been on a maintenance line for about four years. That seems to be doing a really good job. Really good. Oh my gosh, Kate. Yeah, that's great. That's tough. So How can we help, Well obviously with a stage four diagnosis there's a lot of questions that come up about longevity and finances and all of that. And I am just curious how to handle 401k contributions in the light of the fact that we're dealing with something that may make my life shorter than most other people.


So what, what are you doing currently? Let's start with that. Kind of give us a, a snapshot of where you are financially. Do you have any debt? If so, how much and what are you contributing so far to a 401k, if at all? Yeah, so personally I make about $80,000 a year. My husband and I have a mortgage and we have some card debt, but we'll be paying that off at the end of the year. Other than that, we don't have any credit card debt, we don't have any major outstanding issues with any of that. And I tend, I'm contributing to the 401k now, but it's not the full 15% that, that Dave recommends in his baby steps plan.


Okay. And and earlier you said you make 80,000, what's your husband make? About a hundred thousand. Okay, so 180 total. Okay. And the car's, the only thing between the two of you and you're contributing to a four one K, is he contributing to one as well? Yes, he's con significantly more than that. Like the what's recommended. Okay. For his Point. And so do you guys, as a couple, do you kind of view your, view your finances together or do you kind of do it separately and you're just telling us separately for this call? Oh no, we definitely do all of our finances together. Okay, cool. Okay. So technically if we're talking about how can we kind of set you up in the best possible way, the first thing, yeah, we would clear out that debt.


So how much do you owe on the car Between it's two cars? Between the two of them it's I think maybe $19,000. Okay. So logically, I mean you could clear those out pretty quickly. Yes, within the year they'll both be Paid off the, they're already on track to be paid before the end of the year. Perfect. And then after that, yeah. Do you guys have any money saved anywhere else? Yes. Following Dave's steps, we have our three to six months savings plan in place. Oh, so you already have that. You already have that? Yep. Okay. So essentially you could pull from there, pull, pay off these cars and then stack it back up. That's probably what I would do today.


Stack it. What do you mean stack it back up? So you said you have three to six months already set aside? Yes. So is it more than 19,000? Oh Yes. Okay. So I'd probably pull that money out today and pay these cars off and then I'd stack back up to where you had it. Okay. Does that make sense? That way you're free and clear today that is stress off of your plate that you never have to think of ever again. Right, right. Which is great. Do you need, but then The question becomes what do we do in terms of 401k contributions to my account? So at that point now we're into baby step four, where we're putting away 15% of your total income. So however you guys wanna divvy that up. If he has a better match or something like that, you could do, you know, do his first.


But the goal is of your gross total annual income, you're doing 15%. Yeah. What is the doctor, but you're saying from, from a health standpoint, Kate, right, that should I be contributing if I'm not gonna be able to use this money at 59 and a half, is that correct? Is that what you're thinking? Has the doctors given you any indication? Do you, I mean, do you have any, did they give you any expectancy of you know people live like this Right. For the next, for 20 years. Or have they give, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's tricky, right? Because we don't, in the cancer universe, it's very hard to tell. We have people who live a long time and people who don't.


And the idea of course, is that you're always wanting to be one of the people who lives a long time. Right? Right. But, you know, I'm just thinking about my husband and, and taking care of him so that if it turns out that it's not Yeah, For sure. Setting him up. So that'll Be alright. Yeah. Really tough. Well, you know what? I, from talking to you, I, and again, you are, you're in these appointments. I mean, I, I, I feel like I, I wanna be so sensitive to what you're hearing in your appointments, but if I were in your shoes and from what you've told me on this call, I think from a, a discipline standpoint, I think you guys are gonna be in a really good spot.


I mean, you guys are already, you know, have a, a great plan in place right. To, to be moving forward on the baby steps. And so if that 15%, if if you kind of just felt in the back of your head, like, ah, I don't know, like if I, if I'll see that money and I think we could maybe use that in a mutual fund or something, you know what I mean? If there's another way to invest that, and it's not specifically in a 401k or a retirement account that locks it up till you're 59 and a half without penalty and there's another investment vehicle that you would rather use thinking maybe, you know, if something were to happen and you know, something turns, you know, for turns south and we were like, we're gonna use some money to go do something with, right. That, that, that you don't feel like it's locked up where you're like, oh gosh.


'cause if it is in the 401k Yeah, it's locked away until 59 and a half. Yeah. For him. And you could take, and he could take it out or you could take it out with some penalty. So it's not the end of the world by any means, but to get the most use out of it, if you were to ever use it before 59 and a half, it would be a different investment vehicle. Does that make sense, Kate? I feel like I just talked in a circle, but No, it does. Yeah. And that's incredibly helpful. Just thinking about if it's, you know, if we're not putting it in one place, then maybe there's an option to put it somewhere else. Yeah. And I don't think there's a wrong Yeah, I don't think there's a wrong answer, Jay. I'd be curious because I see like if you did the 401k and you said, you know what, I'm gonna just have high hopes for my life and I pray that I live till I'm 75, 80, 85, right.


With this for the rest of my life and I'm gonna beat it, or I'm gonna go into re miss you. Right? And you just were like, I'm gonna go 401k. Nothing bad's gonna happen with that, right? Yeah. Like that money would there, and then if something did happen, Kate, then either you could pull it out with penalty and at that point in life, you know what I mean? It doesn't, I mean, and that didn't matter. Or you, or you pass it on to your husband and he could use it later. Yeah. My, my brain is just thinking about if some treatment popped up that your insurance didn't cover and you wanted to go for it to have some cash there that you could go to Switzer in a different investment and do Yeah. Some sort of infusion. Do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. That's where my brain goes. So decide how much that is and yeah, I put that aside And have that liquid instead of a 401k in another investment.


Not liquid, sorry, but just another investment vehicle. Like a index fund Vanguard or a mutual fund or something versus a tied up in a 401k. Thanks Kate for the call.


As moms, we have enough stuff that we're juggling without pacing through a huge grocery store for hours and paying premiums for name brands. That's why you need to try Aldi. Aldi makes shopping for groceries more affordable, saving your family nearly $4,000 a year and way easier. They take the guesswork out of shopping with better choices like their exclusive Aldi brands. So you can save money and time and focus on what really matters. So stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near you today at Aldi us. That's a ldi. Us


Big news business owners. It's here. My brand new book, build a Business You Love is officially available to start reading. Now look, running a business is tough. Some days it feels like you're just duct taping the whole thing together. I get it. That's why I put 30 years of hard earned lessons into this book to help you grow faster, make smarter decisions, and stop learning everything the hard way. Don't wing it. Get your copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and start reading today.


Up next, we have Marty in Spokane, Washington. Hi Marty, welcome to the show. Thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? I just just recently found out that when I go to file my taxes, I am going to owe roughly $140,000. Ooh. In taxes due to well early withdrawal. I took out a 401k last year. Oh, okay. And to put down on a house. So my question, I'm trying to figure out where the best place to pull money from either a home equity loan, really don't wanna do a payment plan with IRS, but I just don't know the best path forward.


Did you know that this would be, that you would have to pay taxes on that money when you pulled it out? Did you know that this was coming? So I, there's no blame. I did talk to the several individuals. The, when I pulled the money from the 401k about how I wanted to pay all the fees and taxes upfront, I didn't do my part on the research and I was misinformed that it had been paid, it was all caught up. And I didn't realize, oh, it was getting near that much and I didn't realize it hadn't been done until I went to file my taxes. Oh Gosh. Gosh. I'm sorry. You know, Marty, honestly, I'd probably go pull, pull a personal loan for it. I think I would rather owe a bank than the IRS at this point.


Absolutely. Especially for the amount it is. It's gonna take you a while to write, pay it off. 'cause how much do you make a year, Roughly? 130,000. Oh man. Take home. How much did you pull out? I pulled out 400,000. 'cause I, I wanted roughly 300,000 for a down payment. 'cause I, I wanna pay the house off. I've been going through the steps. I don't have any other debt. Did you, did you pay the house off? Is the house free and clear? No. Oh no. I still owe 2 50, 2 56 on the House. Gracious. And do you have any money in any other investments that are not retirement non-retirement investments?


I have a, no, I have a Roth and a traditional IIRA and then I have about $60,000 in savings, which is my savings fund. Okay. And I don't know if I should tap into that. Yes. I I don't wanna Not, yeah, no, I would have Savings, But I would, I would for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, Rachel's point, I would clear that down to a thousand bucks today and, and you clear That and you'd have about an $80,000 loan at that point. And I, because I was gonna say, even with your income, I don't know if you'd qualify for a personal loan and a bank. I mean, depending on the situation. So Yeah, I'd try, I'd try it though. Once you've knocked it down, I would, yeah. I would rather have an $80,000 loan than a $140,000.


So Yes, Marty, that savings is what we would say would go, because I would put this in baby step two in the debt snowball and you have no other debt. And so, but I would, I would, I would earmark this like that. I mean that, that, that's especially IRS stuff. You want them out ASAP. So yeah, I would pay down as much as I could right now. Yeah. And then take the rest out just from like a credit union or a bank and do a personal loan versus having a payment plan with the IRS. Yeah. And it's gonna be easier for you to manage. 'cause the IRS, like they're, they're hard to contact. They don't contact you via email. They, it is only mail. Like the way they do it is so, and they can Do stuff with like garnishing wage. Yes. I don't, they, it just makes me nervous. I don't like it.


And from a interest, I would not do it. I would not do in heloc, I would not put your home. No, no more debt on That. On that. I would not put the home at risk there. And with HELOCs, the interest rates are sometimes insane. So I think, I mean, my best bet would be, it would probably be a personal loan. I think that would be a Yes. The best route. Yeah. I said no more debt, but I meant no more leveraging very important things for debt. That's right. That's right. Yes. No more borrowing from your 401k and no more like leveraging your house for sure. Oh, sure. I'm sorry. Okay. Does That help? It? It does. And that was where I wasn't sure if taking the equity of the home was better or just trying to get a personal loan. Yeah, yeah, For sure. Yeah. Yeah. I would go the personal loan route.


And again, we we're not big on the, well we, we rarely talk about like borrowing money, but this would would be a case you're already in the hole. So we rather be in the hole with a bank than the IRS at that point. And, you know, and, and your credit card interest rates and stuff could be up where to 18, 20. You don't want it on a credit card. You know, like don't put it on the credit card. You know. So again, personal is probably gonna be your best bet. That's true. Oh, this is, that's tough. Terrible. I'm Sorry Marty, you've got some bad information. Yep. That's not, not fun at all. I'm sorry about that. All Right, let's go to Justin in Chicago. Hey Justin, welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you for having me on. Absolutely. How can we help? So my question is, I'm wondering when to call a quits on a struggling business.


I've been helping my uncle with the family business doing masonry restoration, a construction company for about, you know, four and a half years now. And when we're working, we do great. We're efficient, we're ahead of schedule. We're, you know, under scope on material we do great and the clients are very happy. But that's when we have the leads and often all of our profits go to chasing down more leads that then just kind of coast us to the next one or the next one. Feels like I'm a hamster on the wheel. Hmm. Never gaining that traction. Are you guys behind on anything or is it pretty much like you're just kind of making it and there's not much profit? We're, we're a hundred percent dent free. We're just Yeah. Catching up month to month.


Okay. Is it because it costs you so much to acquire leads? Is that the problem? Or it's just that you're not making enough after a job to do more? We are just struggling with lead acquisition, I guess. Okay. We, neither of us are really big experts in marketing specifically. So we've tried all sorts of avenues and over the past five years, nothing really seems to produce continuous leads. Are you working with, are you partnering with the other businesses in your area? Like are you partnering, partnering with realtors and partnering with interior designers and partnering with people who are working with people who will need your work?


Does that make sense? We've tried reaching out, but we, the type of work that we do specifically restoration work is very like residential focused. So homeowners and like current existing homeowners that need to fix their house or superintendents and occasionally general contractors that do restoration work. And we've done a lot of business to business, cold calling, cold emailing, you know, even going up to businesses and trying to build those relationships. But it feels like we have a curse on us that nothing is working out. Yeah. How much work put into, yeah. Did you guys start this four and a years ago? Or you just came on board four and a half years ago? I came on board four and a half years ago.


How, How long has the business been Going? Mylan's been doing it for 25. Oh, okay. 25 years like This. Yeah. And how's, I mean, how's he been? Has he been making a good living and then it kind of just went downhill the last few years and just like from a lead standpoint or how has he survived it? He's been, he was on the wheel long before I was, so I, I came on with some experience working with a general contractor before helping him with his estimating payroll and you know, kind of construction bookkeeping. And I thought I could help him. And while I have been able to increase our gross pro profits, the lead generation part just still isn't happening. Is still a struggle.


Yes. Is there any part of you that you want out just in general? Like, are you enjoying this or are you like, no, I wanna make this work. 'cause it's such a, it's been such a great thing. I've been, I've been doing a lot of entrepreneurial stuff, you know, since high school and I do enjoy taking part of building a business, but it is a bit exhausting. Me and my wife are on baby step three. We have a four month old and I'm starting to think about our personal financial future. Mm. Yeah. And how much longer can I go on? I mean, could building a business, Could you hire a marketer? Do you have, I mean, could you guys hire somebody to help in that area Over the past six months?


Yeah, we tried that about, we started about six months ago and we just had to let him go because it was not working. Yeah. There was no more, you weren't getting the leads you needed kind of thing. So we weren't getting leads, were needed anything. Yeah. So we partnered with, So Henry Cloud Company wrote a book called unnecessary or Unnecessary Endings. Yeah. Not unnecessary, unnecessary Endings. And it's, and basically one of the points of that book that I think is so good is like, when you just don't have hope that the future's gonna look different, that something needs to end. And so he talks about it more from a relational standpoint, but this is kind of more of a business standpoint. So if it's been the struggle for four and a half years and you don't see something changing from a marketing standpoint Yeah. And whatnot, you know, there then, then maybe that's a discussion you and your wife kind of have.


But the problem I have with it, Justin, is that like when you guys are doing the work, you're doing great. You're not losing money on the actual Yeah. Business end. Right. When you have a job, you're doing it. Yeah. And doing it within scope and smart and everything. Maybe There's just not a huge demand for the type of work that you're doing. Maybe you need to pivot into something that more people want within Masonry. Yeah. Within the same skillset. That's a great, yeah. So maybe it's more expanding and not narrowing the business idea. 'cause the business itself seems like it's doing great. It's just getting those leads that's important.


Hey you guys, health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're people you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day, find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash


Living. Paycheck to paycheck is never fun. And you wanna stop that cycle. So if you are living paycheck to paycheck and you think, okay, what can I do that is different? I would really encourage you to get on a budget and also join our team because they are hosting a free budgeting training session this month. There's a couple of them you can actually look into. So you are gonna learn the step-by-step idea of how to make and stick to a budget because it is probably the best tool to get you outta that paycheck to paycheck living. So there are spots are limited, but check it out and sign up for free at EveryDollar dot com slash webinar. And again, it's gonna give you a great tutorial through it with our team and also do a live q and a. So make sure to check that out. Nice.


All Right, Jade, we're look at that. We're gonna go all the way to Berlin. Ooh, Germany and international. Yeah. Talk to David. Hi David. Welcome to the show. Yeah, nice to meet you guys. Yes. Sorry for my English and thank you for having me. Yes, you. Yes, absolutely. How can we help today? Yeah. At first I want to, to tell you a bit about my situation. I'm at baby step three and starting for the fourth one. And I'm asking for advice living with my mom at 30 years old in one house I have asked to have to pay off the mortgage.


It's about 70 K. And yeah, should I put my energy in our re relationship and the house? Or should I live on my own and create my own, yeah. Lifestyle. Yeah. So you are contributing right now to the mortgage, is that what you said? Yes. Okay. And is that like kind of your rent for living there? Is that kinda what she's charging you or are you just doing that 'cause you think that it's, you know, a great nod to your mom to help her with the mortgage? No, no, she is helping me because the cost of living outside it's more than, than I I pay Okay.


At home. Okay, Gotcha. So we are helping each other. So I wanted to force her to, to put more payments in, into mortgage and that's, that's my goal. But I don't think it's, it's working out. And so I want to ask for advice. What should I do? Should I stay at home and build my wealth or should I, okay. It's only her name on the deed, right? And on the mortgage, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And would, would she be able to cover the mortgage on her, on her own when you move out? Yeah, but the, the, the lifestyle I would say, I would say.


So she's single and I want to, yeah, I, I'm paying a a lot of the bills. Okay. So she's dependent upon your income to a degree. Yeah. Okay. Oh, interesting. Yeah. So that can be, that can be tough. And are you wanting to move out, David? Are you like, okay, I am ready to be on my own, but I don't feel like I can and what's stopping you is that, that dynamic? Yeah, I, I wanted to, to save money. Yeah, absolutely. I, I want to be, because at the, at the debt end when anything is happening, the, the, the mortgage will be the same when I'm alone. So yeah.


I, I have one sister and, but there's some time to, to yeah. Get together and make, make the house debt debt free. But Yeah, I mean, I think you have to sit down and talk to your mom and say, here's, here's, here's what's going on. I understand that you're de dependent on me and what I've brought to the table financially for the mortgage and for lifestyle. But I gotta like, I, I need to move out and live my life. And now you guys can start now, now you put the reality on the table, right? It's not just this thing that you guys aren't talking about. You've said it, and then you guys can start a timeline of here's what I'm gonna start to do. I'm gonna start to look for other places.


Maybe she can start to look for, I don't know, maybe there's some sort of a situation where somebody could rent a room out of her house. I don't know. But I think that you guys have to start figuring out, figuring out what that is. Because the truth is, is she, is she healthy? Yeah, for sure. She, she is retiring and she has her own business. Okay. With yeah. Some, some beauty and so on. That's great. That lets me know she's an independent woman, she's able to take care of herself. She just hasn't had to yet, you know what I'm saying? Like, she has not had to bring in the extra money and she hasn't had to do that because you've been there. But if you step away, my guess is she'll figure out a way to make it work.


And that's not necessarily on you to, Yeah. 'cause you kind of mentioned earlier, her lifestyle is increased her lifestyle spending because you're taking care of the mortgage. So she's gonna have to probably shift her priorities. How much do you make a year, David? Yeah, around 60, 62 K in a dollar. I have to Okay. Write it down. Yeah. In from Euro to Sure. Sure. And out of that income per year, are you able to rent somewhere for a bit? Like are you able to self-support yourself with that amount in, in Berlin? I don't know. I don't know the economy over there. Yeah, it's a, it's a little bit other situation because the, the, the healthcare is about healthcare and the taxes are in that 60 2K.


So I get home 30, 39 or 40. The taxes year are a little bit higher. So Yeah, for sure. I I can do that. But You can self support yourself. You can, you can support yourself, Yes. But on the that end, I don't have really margin to, to put in my sales and my retirement plans at the end, at that end. Okay. So do you have any debt right now? Consumer debt? No. Good. Enthusiastic? No, I'm listen To the show. I'm staying out of debt and I, I thought about a car, but as, as long as I was thinking about it, I, in my mind, Oh no, I should, okay, Good, good for you.


Is There a track that you could start earning more money? Like do you see a career trajectory where you're, you know, in the next five years earning more money? Or is this kind of, do you feel like this is it for you and Berlin? So I re recreated my career in sales. So I, I went to ho I, I was looking for a hotel degree, I get it. And then Corona hits and I started a sales career. So I'm improving on that. I, I want to go further. I'm a sales manager for energy resources for healthcare and hospitals. So yeah, I will make more money.


Okay. But that is about 70, 80,000 here in Germany. So maybe I should go to America and make some more money. The, the numbers are killing me. Listen, that's always an option. I think the main thing to take away is I would not pay more on your mom's mortgage. And if she wants to pay extra on her own mortgage, you know, that's her prerogative. But the main thing is I would be looking for a way to move out, even if it's into a small apartment, a small one bedroom, something where it's really modest for you, but at least you're kind of able to separate yourself from that dependency that you guys have on one another. And then, yeah, it's up to you to get to decide what you do.


Yeah. I mean, the world is your oyster at that point. Yeah. Come, come to the states. Yeah. So I, yeah, David, I would have a conversation with your mom and, you know, and she's been, you know, you've contributed a lot, but also she's allowed you to live with her. That's right. So give her, you know, some, it, it would be respectful to give her Yes. At least a notice of maybe two or three months, I think. Yeah, That's, yeah. Just to say, Hey, I'm gonna be looking for a new place and by July I think I'm gonna be moving out. So I just want you to be aware. So if you need to start shifting some things, you know, and if your deal was that you go ahead. I I I will, I will be clear at, at this, at that point. So don't, Don't worry about that.


Don't worry about that, Rachel. He's gonna lay it down. I'm, I'm very open-minded, but thank you. Yes. No, you're great. Yeah. So yeah, that, that's would be my advice, David, is to yeah, have that conversation with your mom and then, yeah, get a, get a small apartment. I wouldn't probably buy anything right now, you know, just like get yourself settled. You're 30 kind of figure out, okay, this is where I'm at. Here's like the career. And like what Jade said, if you can see a trajectory of your income going up, that's wonderful. 'cause you can use some of that to maybe save and pay for a property down the road and or start investing and saving for the future for yourself. But I think this first step is, is to move out. So I would do that. But yeah, good luck to you David.


Very good. And he's very convicted. Jade. I asked him about that debt and he gave us an enthusiastic, no, we could hear it all the way here in America. David, you are doing great. We're excited for you.


Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses, download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today.


This show, I, I'm proud to say because it's all of you listening and watching continues just to grow and grow and grow. And we are so thankful for that because that means more and more people get to hear about how to take control of their money. This is why we wake up every day, this is what we want. So the fact that more people are listening and watching is so wonderful and so many times that that growth really does happen because those of you listening and watching are telling your friends and family about the show. Yeah, that's right. So please continue to do that. Word of mouth is always huge and people that trust you, trust your judgments and know that Yeah, you're a trustworthy source. That's right. So be be telling your friends and family.


Share it on social media, all the things. It really does help continue to grow the show because we want to spread the word about how to have peace with your finances, Jade. I know that's right. Yes. We want peace in this area of our life. So let's go to Tony in Philadelphia. Hi Tony, welcome to the show. Hello. Thank you. Absolutely. How can we help? I'm, I'm looking for some help in advising my daughter and son-in-law specifically. Should they take their sizable savings and use it to pay off their sizable debt or not? Did they ask you what they think they should, should do?


I think we're pretty open in our family with money. This is just a, a little bit of a, they were recently married. Okay. They're in their mid twenties and they're good young adults and thoughtful with their money. Okay. And they came to you, you and she said, you know, dad, what would you do in this situation? Well, It, it did come up in conversations with us. It was, you know, what should they do? She came, at the time of their wedding, she had about a hundred thousand dollars in savings with no debt. Her husband had about $10,000 in savings and about a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt, no other debt.


So as a young married couple put 'em together, they've got about $110,000 in savings and about a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt. I've been debt free for a while, so I'm a little unfamiliar territory with what they should do. On one hand, they could take their savings and pay off the debt and be debt free. Yeah, I mean that sounds great. That Does. On the other hand, they'd have no savings. They'd have no savings at that point. And that just makes 10, they have 10,000 of savings. But it makes you uncomfortable. Or them, yeah, Them probably more my daughter, because she's been raised on have a emergency fund and save for things before you buy it.


So yeah, she's struggling with do I take the savings that we have and take it down to nothing here, here can, along with the other side of it Debt. Can I, can I interject for a moment? Here's the thing. Yeah. We're, I feel like we're talking about the wrong thing. So Yeah, you're, you're right. If if, if, if we're talking about the money side 100%, I'd say yeah, they should take the 100,000 and pay off the 100 hundred thousand of student loans. They'll have 10,000 of savings and they can stack that up to six months of expenses really fast. Right? That's what we would say. Yeah. Like from the money standpoint, Tony, that's what they should do. Yes, they need to pay off their debt. But the, what is really striking me in this call is they're newly married and it feels like, and I listen, I don't want to over, so I'm just telling you, I'm trying to call a spade a spade.


It feels like you're the third man in the relationship and I kind of feel like that's gonna cause problems going forward. So I am of the mind of let them figure it out. And if they truly do ask you, that's different. But I don't think that it would be healthy if you're kind of in her ear over there or in his ear over here. I feel like you have to kind of let them be a new couple. That's just me, Rachel, and figure it out. Yeah. Rachel, you might say something a little differently and that's fine. I, No, I mean, yeah, I mean, again, Tony, it's the relationship standpoints always gets sticky with money when it comes to parent, adult child situations.


And we see it a lot. So I think what we're kind of just cautioning is, if this was your daughter calling, that would be one thing be a lot different. If the son-in-law was calling and we're talking to them, it's their money and their problem, right? So they need to be figuring this out. They're adults, they're old enough to get married, they're old enough to figure this out. But again, if they came to you, Tony, and said, you know, dad, we need a lot of help. Will you sit down with us? Here are our numbers, here's what we need to do. That is, yeah, but the, the, the, Yeah, I would say that's part of it. I mean, we do, we have been open and have had conversations okay About it. Okay, here's an, are you ready for this extreme story? You ready for this, Tony? So my, I remember I was married probably, we were probably right at six months and I was 21 when I got married.


So I'm 21 and a half. And Winston and I, I remember being up at mom and dad's house, I was by myself and I was having dinner with them. 'cause Winston had something that night. And I remember asking my dad, Dave RAMSEY, I love this story, a question about mutual funds. And I said, we have money in a high yield. Should we go ahead and transfer this to a mutual fund or leave it in a high yield? Like it was a very pretty simple answer. But I didn't know what he would recommend Tony. He wouldn't answer my question. Ah, Okay. He said, what would you, well, well what does Winston think? And I was like, well, we don't know. So we're we're coming to you to ask. He's like, well, you just drive down this hill and you guys decide what you think you should do. I'm like, but I'm asking you Dave RAMSEY, what to do with my money?


Do I need to call in and like scam the show and like change my name? But I think that the learning was now 15 years later, looking back, he was giving dignity to my husband to say, you and my daughter need to figure this out. I am not gonna swoop in and save the day all the time. You guys are smart. So good. You guys can figure it out. And again, it was not a, and I would say this in this situation, this was not a life or death money situation, right? They're not asking, gosh, we're gonna cash out all of us, all of our stuff and we're gonna go into crypto. And you're like, oh, can I just yell? Probably not a good idea. Right? It wasn't like it's, you're not, they're not doing something extreme. Should they pay off this debt? Is it a lot of debt? Yeah.


They also have a lot of savings. They're gonna be okay. But I just wonder from a relational standpoint, if it's, if there is something to be said, Tony of, you know, you, you gave her away and gave, you know, you decided No, it's, I I was, yeah, I was trying to get prepared for the conversation as we talk about it more. But it's an interesting, there is the Dave approach, as you did with Rachel and say, let me know what you guys do. Yeah, I love that approach. I know, I mean, I was frustrated at the time because I literally was like, well, you just say mutual funder. And I was like, just gimme the simple answer. And again, every relationship's different, right? And Winston may do something different with Amelia Felia comes and ask. I mean, I don't know. But, but I think it's the overstepping boundaries that we don't want. We want them to be developed into their own couple, giving themselves the dignity.


And there's probably a little bit of you, Tony, I'm gonna say this too, it may be a little bit of you that's like, Ugh, I don't like that he brought in all this debt facts. I was debt free. My daughter was debt free, and now she has to use her hard earned savings to clean up his mess. And that's frustrating as a dad to watch. So there could be a little bit of that brewing in you as well. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm good there. It just, it is what it is. I think I've heard Dave say lots of times on the show that, and then the preacher said, you are one. They like, it is what it is. Like it's, they view it as the two of them. They have savings and the two of them they have that. I love that. That's good. That's wonderful. What I, I'm being disciplined and feeling that way about it also. That's good. Good. I'm glad.


It's Like my son says it's a Taco Burrito conversation, not Joes Nachos. Yeah. Yes. But if she came to you, Tony, and your sweet daughter is like, dad, please, what would you do in this situation? You would answer, if you were following Ramsey's plan, yes, you would take that hundred thousand dollars you paid off, you'd have $10,000, which is pretty great compared to the normal, you know, normal people out there, normal Americans that have a negative net worth because they don't have savings. Yeah, sure. And they have a hundred thousand dollars. So they're in a great position in that way. They get to continue to build that 10,000 up to a fully funded emergency fund and go, go about their, their life and it's great. So I know we're probably a little hard on you, Tony.


I don't mean to be, but I Think it's the right thing. I think I love what you said. 'cause at the end of the day, it is kind of that dignity to Yeah, the spouse of saying, Hey, like, yes, I, especially The dad daughter's relationship, would you say? Yeah, Yeah. And, and for the, the husband coming in, like, that's, that role has gotta shift like this. And it's, yes, it's tough to do that, but I think you have to pull your hands off in order for that to make the transition it needs to make. Yep. I know, man, that's hard. I know. I think and I think that's gonna be a hard, as a parent that has to, To especially dad, hard, especially dads are very close. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And I, but I think that sets up a beautiful precedent going forward because I feel like I've, you know, known, you know, situations and that wasn't the case.


And there was true, there was a overlap a lot. And later breaking that for 10 years after therapy and trying to break that relationship, like that's even more painful. So it's a good precedent to kind of start. But Tony, I do appreciate your heart and looking out for them and all of it, but tell them to call the show and we'll chat. There you go. We'll chat with them too. So thanks Tony for the call. And that puts the sour of The Ramsey Show in the books.


Call Every Customer you For,


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.