
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Jade Washau number one, bestselling author, RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. It is a free call. Nathaniel is in New York City. Hi Nathaniel. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi there. Super happy to be here. Glad to have you. How can we help? Good. Let me try to be brief. So I'm 26 years old. I'm a law student, got no debt, got a job lined up at a big corporate law firm once I graduate.


And actually doing better than that, a few years ago I inherited about a million dollars. Wow. Nice to me. Yeah. This inheritance to me, it's like, I treat it like a sacred gift from God and I feel like I have a responsibility to be a really excellent steward of it. So I'm very safe principal protection, investment strategy for this money. It's in a trust account. Only outta control it. I got a financial advisor on it. Feeling good about that. Good. That's thing one thing. Two, I'm getting married in a few months. I've been dating my now fiance for almost four years. She's the youngest of many siblings. She has no assets or liabilities of her own, virtually no income potential.


She's a, a pianist, but we're actually happy about this arrangement. She wants to be a mom. I'll be a breadwinner. This seems good. My question was about my future in-laws. So her parents are retired, they actually live in China and they lost a lot of money by mortgaging their fully paid for apartment for leverage in a risky investment, which of course failed. And there's something like $25,000 in the hole. So I guess my question is, I, I'm thinking about how, how I should manage this. Like what's the right thing to do here vis-a-vis my future in-laws. Like on the one hand, they're a family.


I could pay off their debt like literally 40 times over. Would I be a jerk Not to. But on the other hand, part of me doesn't really feel like using my money soon to be our money to help people who in retirement, mortgage is our only safe asset for leverage in a single risky investment. It's just Are they asking you for help? No, I'm just thinking ahead. In fact, my fiance doesn't actually know about the full extent of my wealth and I haven't really been sure how to explain this to her. Interesting. So you know this about the in-laws, the in-laws don't know about your wealth, nor are they asking for you to do anything about it. Correct.


Interesting. Correct. I'm just, I'm just Yeah. Thinking ahead on what, because I, I imagine this could come up. Well, I, Yeah, I want, okay. Full, full stop. You don't go another day promising to marry somebody and you're keeping secrets from them. That's the first thing. Yep. Unhealthy dude. Unhealthy you. You guys gotta sit down with somebody and unpack what's going on between the two of you. She has to know what's going on in your life. You don't marry somebody and oh, surprise. Right. I have a million dollars in debt or surprise, I have a million dollars in high yield savings accounts 'cause I got this inheritance and I didn't want to, I didn't wanna tell you No, that, that doesn't work.


This is somebody you're gonna spend your life with and you've got to be able to trust them. If you can't trust them, you don't need to be able to marry them. Okay. Yeah. So that makes sense. We gotta work on that immediately. And while you're doing that, you could just have this discussion, not in the same breath, but a week later after you come clean. But then you just say, Hey, I'm worried about this and I'm a little bit conflicted. I kind of feel like I want to help. I kind of don't want anybody asking me to help. And I kind of don't wanna reward bad behavior and I'm conflicted.


And I think that's a wonderful thing to discuss with your spouse. Wonderful. And see what she says. And if she says, well, of course you have to help. Well, now we've got another problem. Right. That Is a, that's a good indicator Of issues. Now we got another problem. You know, so like I was a friend of mine's kids were getting married and they, the, the young man was a, his mother was a single mom who didn't have any money. And the marriage counselor, the pre-marriage counselor asked them, well, what would happen if, if you know his mom, if y'all are married and have your own life? And his mom gets in financial trouble.


And he didn't even, he just instantly said, oh, she'd move in with us. And the fiance's head spun around twice. Oh, I bet. And said, I don't think So. We Hadn't talked about that. I don't think so. You need another plan for mama. Yeah. And, you know, and you know, so that's the kind of stuff you need to get that's, that's really good healthy things to be on the same page about before you go in. And then whatever the two of you decide together that you can both work through the awkwardness on will be okay with me. There's not an ethical or legal, as, you know, mandate that you take care of them, but it is a small amount of money compared to the amount of money you're dealing with.


And so you could reach over with absolutely no impact on your life and pay off their little debt and set them up. But you don't want to do that if they're gonna turn around and do the same kind of stupid stuff again. So I want to get into the, under the, under the hood and find out what's broken that caused them to be stupid in the first place. And is it a track record? Yeah. Is this like a pattern or are we gonna do it again? Or have we learned our lesson because I I did stupid stuff and went broken and never did it again as I learned my lesson. Right. And so, you know, that that doesn't, doesn't invalidate me. We didn't talk about this, but Nathaniel, I mean, you're in law school, you've got this big chunk of money.


Are you thinking about like a prenuptial agreement? Is that, is that what's caused you to hold off on telling her this? Yeah. Maybe I should clarify that a little bit more. I think initially, so this, this came somewhat recently, it was kind of a surprise to me. I had no idea this was coming. And also I just, there was a part of me that wanted to make sure to feel secure that she's interested in me only because of me and not the fact that I happen to have the pot of gold behind me. And I, I live a lifestyle which doesn't at all reflect sure that I have the pot of gold behind me. Yeah. You can do that in about a week. Yeah. Yeah. I I you don't lead with the fact that you have a million dollars that you inherited, but I don't think that you keep it a secret for as long as you have.


Right. Yeah. I mean, she, she knows I'm not suffering. She knows I've never been struggling from having anything like Right. But that's a lot Different than knowing somebody ha just inherited a million dollars. Those are two completely different. You need to get on the phone. You guys need to sit down this in the next 24 hours and talk about this dude, if you can't talk to her about this because of this or this or this or this or this, and you got 73 reasons you don't need to marry this girl. 'cause dude, I mean, you're gonna be swapping unbelievable tragedies over the next 40 years together. Unbelievable blessings over the next 40 years together. And if you can't get, you can't even get this to come outta your mouth. 'cause you've got 73 reasons you're worried about her, then this ain't marriage material.


Dude, you gotta get this straight. You're you. No, no, you do not. If you have to deceive someone because you're worried about their authenticity, we don't marry them. Well, Honestly, that's more on his authenticity I know, than her. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I feel like she, dude, Nathaniel, you got, you are more of the problem here than your Older than they are. Yeah. Yeah. Nine out of 10 Nathaniel needs to come clean, one out of 10, pay off the 20 5K or don't x. Yeah. That, that's how this weighs out on this call. This is The Ramsey Show.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, Credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal, talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds is federally insured by NCUA,


Mark's in San Antonio. Hey Mark. What's up? Hey Dave, how are you? Better Than I deserve. How can I help? Hey, I am struggling with getting my wife and I on the same page on getting out of debt. I've been an avid listener for you guys only about two, two months. But yeah, multiple times a day. I'm, I'm trying to catch up on Spotify and I'm really buying in. I realize, you know, I think Galon says drinking the Kool-Aid. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I want to go gazelle intense and really get after everything. And I got, I got the EveryDollar EveryDollar, I did our budget and we have a lot of debt. And my wife is not as terrified about it as I'm Mm.


I just need to, wanted some advice on how I want to get her to see things my way. But I'm, I'm, I'm smart enough to know that we have to see things the same way. Not my way. That's good. Does she listen advice here? Does she listen at all to the show? She does not. Have you sent it to her just to say, Hey, I've been listening to this podcast. I really like it. You might like to see I've shared a couple things. She likes the message. She doesn't always like Dave's delivery, so it's hard to get her to to, to follow through with it. Okay. Yeah. Just, I think you know this, but the way that I'm hearing it is you're going, Wait a minute, wait a minute. You didn't send her the podcast. You sent her social media clips?


Yeah, probably. I think, you know, she overheard a podcast in the Bluetooth in my truck When Dave was on. Yeah. Because my delivery, my delivery in the social media clips is a hundred percent smart ankle. Sure. But it's different on the podcast if you listen to the whole thing in context. That's right. So, yeah. I don't, I don't like me on social media. Yeah. It's meant to be, it's meant to be controversial. It's meant to push people, you know, make them, It's meant to get 40 their million. It's meant to get 40 million views. That's, that's right. Is what it's meant to do. And it does. So, but it has nothing to do with who I really am, so, or how this message works. Sure, sure. So yeah, I would be careful with that anyway. But anyway, the, the, the thing, the mistake that most people make, including me with Sharon on some things is I would ask you, okay, you said, I'm, I'm ready to drink the Kool-Aid.


I want to get out of debt. I'm ready to do all this stuff. I'm ready to be gazelle intense. And my, my question is, why, why are you doing that? I make, I make good money. I'm a young man. I mean, I, I think I'm a young man. I'm 27. I make really good money. But we, you know, it's paycheck to paycheck. And that's how my wife and I both grew up. Why do you want to do this stuff? I want to give my kids the life I didn't have. Ah, Okay. There it is. A good why. Good wife. How many kids you got? Two. Good. Okay. So guys are worse than ladies on this.


We generally, when we come to our wives with something, we tell 'em what, instead of why, and if you'll tell her why a lot, she'll start asking about the what, because there's very few women on the planet, unless they've got psychological disorder, that when their husband looks at them and says, I want to give our children a better life, and I'm terrified, they say, oh, we don't wanna do that. So she agrees she wants to get outta debt. And she, you know, she, even I've explained the snowball and things. She, she likes the process. She just doesn't have the same intensity. Well, of course, yeah. I want you, you have about, you have about 5,000 more hours of information than she does.


Sure. What happened, can I ask you about like, the catalyst to all this? What happened that you found RAMSEY or that ma made you start listening to the show? What in your life kind of made you go, I need to look for something here? I have a long commute to work And so you're just listening. I needed something to listen to and I've seen the social media clips and I like what you say. So I started listening to the podcast. Okay. Okay. So that's Go back, go back to that then again the, you saw the social media clips and it scratched an itch. That's Jade's point. Okay. And e even if the delivery is not her style, which is perfectly acceptable, that I completely understand that my wife doesn't care for my delivery.


So that's okay. And so, but the, but it's compelling and it works. So we're gonna, we're gonna keep doing it. But the, anyway, the, the, whatever the itch was at scratch that caused you to go down this rabbit hole, this RAMSEY rabbit hole. That's what we need to just keep talking about with her. Instead of like, are we gonna do the debt snowball? Because intensity doesn't come from information. Intensity comes from buying a dream. Sure. We sacrifice, we live like no one else, so that later we can live like no one else. And we believe that if we plant corn seed in the hot sun and we get the hoe out and get callous, hoeing the weeds out that the corn is gonna come in and bring us a lot big, a bigger crop.


Otherwise we wouldn't do all that crap. You know, you don't, you're not gonna pay a price unless you think you're gonna win. I mean, nobody goes to the gym. Well, most people, but I mean, peoples, most people don't Go to the gym because it's fun. They go because they're tired of being overweight. They're tired of being outta shape win. But people tipping, they're gonna Pay price for win. People tipping point is different to get there. Yeah. Like you exactly could your tipping point, to use Dave's analogy, you step on the, the scale and you see 185 pounds. That could be like, that's it, I've had it, I'm going to the gym. That might not be somebody else's tipping point. Somebody else's tipping point might be they Go to put their jeans on and the button's too tight. Or they Go to sit on the plane and they feel like they're too squished in on the plane. Do you see what I'm saying? So you had a tipping point that scratched a niche that you had.


She's gotta feel that. And I think the way that you do that is you have these conversations, you make it very clear on the why. And this is not a light switch. Yeah. Very rarely do you have one about something major like this. Very rarely do you have one conversation and that's it. That's settled. We've decided usually this is more of a process and some of the things that I think will help along that process. To your point, if you are living paycheck to paycheck, there are going to be many symptoms that are playing out in your lives today. So as those things play out, say honey, this is just the type of thing, these are the types of things I want to make better. Do you see how much struggle that was to pay that bill? Do you, and then you can start to show her, here's some of the symptoms that we're feeling and she's gonna get on board.


But I think the idea that, hey, I'm just gonna say this. She's gonna be excited and we're gonna ride off into the sunset in one night is not, It would mean a lot to me if you would listen to this stuff and tell me if I'm, what I'm missing here with this, because I'm really excited about this idea because I've been so scared for so long and I really wanna change our family tree. I really want our kids to have a different life. And the way we've been living with the kind of money we make is not okay with me. I want us to prosper. I want us to end up with something at the end of the story. I want the kids to have a different life and just keep talking about that kind of stuff. Instead of talking about we need to sell your car and let's get on the debt snowball. Do that.


You need to be more intense and you ought to go get a job and start talking about all these what's nobody lines up on the what's until they get the why's. So you gotta talk about why, why, why, why, why. And you can talk about your why and you ask her. Okay, what would it be like for you dream together, dream in hd, high definition dreams. What, what would it be like for you if we had a million dollars? I mean, the best question I remember when I used to listen to the show long before I worked here is what would life feel like if you had no payments? You know? Yeah. That's, it Would feel like they have no debt To, I mean, we we're putting this much away. What could we do with that money? What would it feel like to get our paycheck every, you know, twice a week or once a month, whatever it is. And it's just our money and we get to decide together the fun things we want to do with it.


That's a great question to ask. Yeah. So yeah, those of you that are just picking up on this stuff, be real careful that either one of us and our personalities or the stuff that we teach or the name RAMSEY, becomes a cuss word in your house because you use it as a club on somebody. Like, you know, 'cause like suddenly you got smart and everybody else is dumb and, and you come in there swinging the bat at everybody and they're like, I don't like this RAMSEY stuff. I don't even know what it is. I don't like it. Of course I'm, they're not gonna do it. But that's you coming in and saying, you know, we're stupid and we're not doing this anymore and we're selling your car.


And what? No, I don't think so buddy. And all of a sudden you've got a spouse that's not plugged in and instead you got, and and the other thing is this, very rarely are both spouses at the same intensity level Exactly. The entire time. That's So true, Dave. So true. It's an unrealistic expectation. Yeah. You can balance each other out and push each other where one is falling off and you know what I'm saying? You got, I need, I need some level of intensity. That's right. But if, if you're, if you know, mark, if you're running at a 12, if you, if she's running at an eight and you're running in the same direction, that's, you're gonna be fine. Yeah, that's great. It's if she's running at a zero or a negative four, that's when you got a problem.


Right. But yeah, you, you're, it's okay. But all of that comes back to why not what, and listen to this guy, he's telling us we're stupid. You know, that's, yeah. 'cause I will tell you that. 'cause I love you and I want you to stop being stupid. See there's that delivery thing right there. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance. Usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Are you staying on track with the baby steps? Take a quick quiz to check your progress and receive a personalized plan just for you, which is like what a personalized plan is. So simply head to the show notes, click the link, Are you on track with the Baby Steps? And complete the quiz very easy. And then we'll ship you out a thing straight to you. That is just for you, baby. Yeah, that's fun. Devon's in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Hi Devon. What's up? Hey, how you doing? Good man. How can we help? Yeah, so I'm kind of going through something now. I'm just being sued for $15,000. Trying to figure out how to go about it.


I guess parents are telling Me Whatcha are you being sued for $15,000? What Time? I got into a car accident probably about two years ago now. I didn't have insurance on a car, so they're coming after me for damages. Oh, okay. Alright, cool. And it's been two years? Yeah. And who's the insurance company? Who's the insurance company that's coming after you? Safeco. Okay, cool. Alright. And have they sued you? Yeah. The judgment went through seventh of last month. Awesome. Okay, cool. And what do you make At this point? I'm starting a new job Monday, so it should be gross around 1800.


But at this point, 1800. What? Left? 1800. What week? A week? Yeah. Okay. All Right. And you're working 40 hours with a new job? Yeah. How old are you? 24. I'll be 25 tomorrow. Why Didn't you have insurance? Oh, well, I mean, just let it lapse then it pay the bill. And I guess just being stupid with my money. Yeah. That didn't work good, did it? No. You got insurance now? Yeah, Absolutely. Okay. You learned your lesson then, right? Yeah. Good. Okay, cool. So the new job, what are you doing?


Building RVs. Okay. You're working 40 hours? Yeah. Okay, cool. Cool. All Right. So here's the deal. A insurance company, let's put their lawyer's shoes on, their manager's shoes on for a minute. And I'm gonna look over at this guy. This guy owes me $15,000. He's not a multimillionaire, he doesn't make a lot of money. He's 24 years old. He's a young broke guy. Right? That's what I see. If I'm coming after you, you're gonna be hard to collect from 'cause you don't have anything.


Right? That's what I see if I'm looking over from their shoes at you. Is that fair? Yeah. Okay. That's to your advantage dude. Okay. And 'cause that's the card you play. So the attorney that sued you, you've got their name right? Yeah, they gave me the name and phone number. Good, good. Okay. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to scratch together by working another by two, working two extra jobs on top of the one you just got. And I want are, are you living at home? Yeah. Okay. So you don't have any expenses much? No, not really. No Going, no Going out on weekends? No happy hour, no nothing.


You're broken and being sued, you need some money. All you're gonna do is work and stack cash for a minute. Okay? Once you work three jobs, okay? Okay. And once you get $5,000 really fast, Right? How fast can you get $5,000 if you do what I'm telling you to do. Month and a half Monthly. Yeah. Month and a half. Yeah. And then I want you to call lawyer. Are you in a good church by chance? No. You, you know any good lawyers, just their personal friends or family or anything? No. Okay, then you're gonna have to take a chance, but you're gonna call the lawyer and I want you to play broke kid records for him.


Okay? I'm a broke kid. I'm 24 years old. I got no money. I was stupid. I didn't have insurance. I screwed up. I know this is a debt and I know you can come after me and I got nothing. So you're not gonna get nothing, Right? There's nothing for you to get, dude. But I did work six extra jobs 'cause my financial coach told me y'all would settle with me. I'm your financial coach and I just told you that. Okay? And I'm gonna offer you $5,000 cash right now to settle this whole thing. Lemme tell you what he is gonna do. He's gonna whine, spit, roll around the floor a little bit and he is gonna say $7,000.


And you're gonna say, I don't have seven, I have five. And he's gonna whine, he's gonna run around the floor, he's gonna spit. And you're gonna say, I got five. Do you want five? 'cause I'm a broke kid and after this phone call, I'm gonna use some of that and just go file bankruptcy and you're gonna get zero. But I'd like to just get this settled. Right? And you're gonna have to negotiate play broke kid, broke kid records and get him to take your five grand as settlement in full. Remember that phrase? Okay. Yeah. I wanna settle this in full. No, I'm not paying payments and I'm gonna settle it in full. And they'll take your money. You're gonna to work at it a little bit, okay?


But this is the price you pay for not having insurance and you're gonna go get it straightened out, right? And you'll never forget this the rest of your whole life. I did stuff when I was 24. That changed the direct trajectory of my whole life too. Then they'll take it, won't they, Jade? They'll Take it. They'll take it. They'll take it. 'cause they don't think they're gonna get anything, dude. Right? They're gonna consider this a gift from heaven. That is, That is true. Okay. Yeah, Because statistically you're a bankruptcy looking for a place to happen. But dude, there's no way you're bankrupt. You can make this kind of money and pay it off. You're gonna get it all cleared up. 'cause you just stack casual live at home and go work five jobs. You'll clear the whole thing up if you have to, but you don't have to. You call 'em and work a deal.


Get it in writing from them before you give them any money. Okay? I need it in writing that you accept $5,000 of settlement in full on this claim, on this judgment. When I get that in an email, I will wire you the money that day. But you gotta go get the money first before you make the phone call. Right? Right, Right. So are you gonna do that? You think this will work? Yeah, Absolutely. There's no reason it shouldn't. You said you're work making $1,800 a week now and you're living at home. Yeah, instantly. Yeah. I was on the verge of calling him in this morning making a payment plan. I was like, you know what, No payment plans. No payment plans. You have, you have the $5,000 Call. No, you put the $5,000 in your hand and you wave it under his nose and you play broke kid records.


Okay? And he's a lawyer. He'll bite, Right? Or she's a lawyer. She'll bite and 'cause they they know, they, they, no, there's not gonna be any payments. My financial coach said under no circumstances, bad guy off of me. Devin, just say my, my guy told me I can't do that. My Guy. I'm your guy. Okay. Because I just told you you can't do that. And, and you say, I don't, I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just a broke kid. But I got $5,000. I do know that. And, and I give you that if you wanna be done with this, but you're not getting that end payments. 'cause my guy told me I can't do that. Right? You gonna do this or not? Yep. I got you. All Right. You're not bankrupt, dude. You just need a plan. Okay?


No, I appreciate It. Go get 'em. If you need more help, you call us back. That's why we're here. Gotta have a plan. You Gotta have a plan. Yeah, I would. No way in the world would I go payments on that Or bankrupt over that. No, you can't. You don't, you don't file bankruptcy on $15,000 when you're making $1,800 a week. Come on now. And You're living at home. You don't have the biggest expenses that most folks have. Like any mama gonna cook you some meals that's I'm saying. And you're gonna go get this mess cleaned up. You don't have rent and you don't have daycare. Quit Going to happy hour and pay your dad gun insurance bill. Right, Right, right. I was gonna say, I didn't say it. I'm like, in many ways we went easy on you because we could have said, listen, you've got the money. You make 7,200 bucks a month. Pay it off in, you know, in two months, pay it. But you know, I get it. Make a Deal. Well, you know, you can go the other way too, but you just work it and it's, yeah, the whole process is gonna be good for you.


You're gonna, because you know you're, you're never gonna do it again. No, he, he Learned, you always make sure the insurance gets paid and It could have been so much worse. Oh yeah. It could have been bankruptcy. You know what I mean? Like, Well, I mean, he could have hit, he could have hit my car. That's What I'm saying. Woo. Oh Gosh. That wouldn't have been 15. I'm just saying Don't, don't, Didn't you once tell me that somebody hit one of your cars in a, in a fat, you know, in a restaurant parking lot. Yeah. He just put a little thing on about the size of a quarter, which would've cost him that More than a quarter. It would've cost more than a quarter. But A quarter of what is what The, the night I turned 16, my daddy let me have the keys to the pickup truck and I went to the Pizza Hut and I first got my driver's license that day.


First time I ever drove by myself out of, out into the wild, when I'm backing out of the thing at the Pizza Hut, I hit a Corvette with the bumper of the truck. So been there, done that, man. Been there, done that, 16 freaking years old and an idiot. Wow. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, technology has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Now the hot topic is ai and I understand that it might seem intimidating, but if you use AI the right way, it's just another tool to help you work smarter and faster, like a calculator or a cordless drill. So if you run a business, you'd better get on board with it before you get left behind. And NetSuite by Oracle offers AI powered tools that help small businesses improve efficiency and make smarter decisions by bringing all their major business processes into one platform. That way there's one source of truth for the real time data you need to take advantage of opportunities, then you can forecast better, scale more efficiently and streamline those manual tasks that take too long. So join the more than 41,000 businesses, including Ramsey Solutions that rely on NetSuite to help tackle some of their biggest challenges. And right now you can download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine Learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. That's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Thanks for joining us America. Next week I will be with Dr. John Delony in three more cities, concluding the Money and relationships tour. Monday we will be in Phoenix, Arizona. May the fifth Fort Worth on Wednesday, may the seventh. About four tickets left on that one. A handful only Kansas City sold out for Friday. Woo woo. May 9th and Fort Worth basically sold out. But you can probably get a, you can pull up the thing and see which seats are there, but it's a handful. And So we can find out what's going on. Phoenix, I think we got plenty, but it is coming up Monday, so need to get your tickets. We'll be out there. If you're tuning in on YouTuber podcast, click the link in the show notes and you can buy, there's no reason to be trapped in the same money problems, the same relationship problems.


And you get to hear Dr. John and I, I can promise you this, it'll be funny and informative. Your reluctant spouse will actually have a good time. So come make a date night out of it and come out one night. We'd love to see you. Christopher's in Knoxville. Hi Christopher, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thank you for taking my call, Dave. Sure. How can we help? I am in about $19,000 worth of debt. I have about $25,000 invested in a mutual fund. I recently moved out to Knoxville from Albuquerque and I'm just trying to get some clarity on what I should do next. I'm only making about $3,000 a month out here in Knoxville. I'm a personal trainer at a gym.


And I, me and my girlfriend that I came out here to support, we're going through a breakup right now and just trying to figure some things out. Hmm. So you moved all the way to Knoxville doing the personal training thing, not making too, too much. But what's your point of staying there? If, if, did you go just for the relationship or is there any other reason you're there? Yeah, pretty much just for the relationship. Her and I are still living together trying to work things out, but it's not super clear on if that's gonna happen. But I'm just trying to do some growth as a man right now. So I told everybody I'm gonna be out here for a year.


I'm gonna help her get through PA school and I'm still trying to stick to that even though, and I'm not like, like a stalker or anything like staying out here. No, that's, that's bull what's you absolutely do not need to help somebody get through pa school that you broke up with. And you don't need to live in the same house as somebody you broke up with. Yeah. What's that mean? Help her get through PA school. Yeah. Are you paying for it? You don't do that unless you're married. No. Emotionally, making sure all the things around the house are done. Just interesting. All those things. Yeah. And we broke up maybe a month and a half, two months ago. But you still live there. Yeah, I, we, I, Dude, you know how weird that sounds? It's Weird. Yeah, you wouldn't that it's weird.


All of it. Yeah. I would move out immediately. Basically if you can like, get out there. You guys need to separate your living situation. Oh, wait a minute. Let me, let me, I'm so confused. 'cause I, I, it's, I'm old so I don't understand this stuff, but like, I've been married 43 years, so I don't know how to do what you're doing, but, so I don't know how you go through it. You either are together or you're, you're broken up. I don't know how you kind of stand in the middle with one foot on the boat and one on the dock and the boat's leaving. I think you're just gonna get wet. So I am am I missing? I mean, listen, so I, I think it's probably healthy for you to make a call. Are you done with this relationship, Christopher?


I don't want to be, but I didn't ask that. I said, are you done with this relationship? No, sir. Okay. Is she No sir. Then Why are you telling me you're broke up? Because we are not technically boyfriend and girlfriend anymore. But here's, do you see That's kinda like being done with the relationship, dude. And here's the problem. You've created all of these high stakes that are, that are causing you to make decisions you might not otherwise make. If you were just dating somebody and you lived in your house and she lived in hers and you lived in the state that you wanted to and you didn't follow her somewhere, the things that happened in the relationship, you could very clearly filter them as what they are. But now the stakes are high.


You've moved all the way out here, you're sharing a residence. So it's not as easy to look at a situation and go, that's not for me. I'm gonna hightail it outta here. Now you have to think about where you're gonna live. Are you gonna stay in this state? What about rent? What about this? Do you see how it makes something that should have been so simple, very, very complex with a lot of weighted stakes? Yeah. So I think you're going back to Albuquerque. I Do too. Okay. I Shoot, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know what he's doing, but I think he should do that. I, yeah, I don't know what he is gonna do. I can't tell him anything about it. So Yeah, He should go back. He should not go back home. Just go back to Albuquerque. That is home, but, well, not home, home, but yeah.


Yeah. Gotcha. Yeah. Not to mama's house is what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. Do do the man thing. Have your own place, pay your own bills, work like a person, all that kind of stuff. That do, do the man thing and stand alone. And then you'll like you better and the next time you go into a relationship you'll Yeah. Be a different person. Yep. Rather than Mistakes are research. They're Good. You're a good way to learn what not to do. Figured out what works Or what doesn't figured out that leaves a mark. Yeah, that's right. Ouch. Ouch. Sam is in New York City. Hi Sam, how are you? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. I really appreciate it. Sure. What's up? So as, as you said by, you know, me living in New York City, I live in one of the most expensive cities in the world, but I have some money saved.


I'm not in any debt. I'm on baby step five, I guess I don't have kids, but I'm saving for my future kids. Okay. College, I was just wondering, with the money I do have saved, would it be better to invest with the volatility in the market? I'm a little afraid to invest right now or just to look into buying a house or something like that. The definition of of investing is you're gonna leave the money alone at least five years. Yeah. Otherwise You're parking money or you're saving money or you're speculating. So if you're investing, I don't worry about the market's volatility because the market smooths out over time. Right.


All these, all the, the new story of the day that the market does a temper tantrum with stock market's, a 4-year-old with a temper tantrum on a given week, over a given decade. The stock market's a wise old woman. Okay. So you're looking for the wise old woman, you're looking for the decade play. And then you don't worry about market volatility. I put, I, I I see the volatility, but I don't care. I put money in it every week. Yeah. I just keep, I just keep putting money in now. But, but are you gonna be leaving the money? Are you gonna be leaving it alone, Sam, for five years? Or have you got something else in mind? Well, that's, that's honestly kind of what I'm, I could, you know, it's just, it's really just a matter of like, so basically if I was to break down my, like, my money, you know, I've got like 240 that I can't touch in retirement in just like good mutual fund in investments out way a good, and then I have, and then I've got like 75 not like cash, but, you know, like investments that I could cash out.


Right. And I just don't know what that, like, first of all, I just, I constantly feel like I'm just like behind the game and I'm just like, you know, not doing enough and Oh, because I don't own any property I'm renting. Like, and then what, what are You compared to? What, what do you make? I make, like, I just switch jobs. I just switched careers and I, I do sales. What are you, What are you gonna, what are you gonna make this year, Sam? So, well, it, it's depends on, you know, if I quote us, sir, Sam, whatcha are you gonna make this year? Probably like 200. Okay. That's what I'm thinking. All Right. And so you're doing great.


And you're how old? 26. Umm 29, sir. Okay. Pretty close. All Right, good. I I appreciate the, you know, it made me feel good that No, you're, you're doing, you're doing really, really good. Really great. I mean, you're killing it. You're a great sales guy. You're confident you know what you're doing. You're a saver by nature. You're stacking cash, you're doing nothing wrong, man. Yeah. You don't have nothing wrong. I mean, you, you might be a little heavy with a 75 sitting in cash. Some of that's in investments though, right? Yeah. It's Just not, it's just not in retirement. It's not retirement. That's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's just not in, it's just not in retirement. Yeah. Yes Sir. So if you're in mutual funds with some of that and some of that's your, on your emergency fund, I think you're perfect. I just continue to stack some cash.


You're, you're not a loser 'cause you hadn't bought real estate at 29. You, you've, you already got a $300,000 net worth and you're making 200 a year. You're on your way to millionaire, man. You'll get the real estate when the right time comes and when you settle into wherever it is you're gonna be, if it's gonna be there, that's fine. But there's nothing you, you haven't done anything wrong. I think it's excellent way to go. Well, I'm proud of the guy well played, sir. Well played. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. You've heard me say it a thousand times and I'm gonna keep saying it. You are worth being. Well, and listen, therapy can help. I see a therapist and let's be honest, a lot of you should too. But let's be real. Taking that first step to see a therapist can feel overwhelming. Maybe it's the time. Maybe you have some preconceived notions about therapy. Maybe it's the cost. But we spend money on gym memberships, organic groceries, essential oils, little league practices, tracker watches. But for some reason, when it comes to our mental and emotional wellbeing, we hesitate. Your mental and emotional health are just as important as your physical health. And the good news, BetterHelp makes therapy more affordable and convenient than ever. It's online so you can talk with your therapist when it works for your schedule. No more waiting rooms, no long commutes and no six month waiting list. You just get online and fill out a short survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch at any time for no extra cost. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get started. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/delony.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave RAMSEY, your host Jade Washau RAMSEY personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today. Linda is in Detroit. Hi Linda, how are you? Good. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can We help? I'm wondering if my church should go into debt to purchase a parsonage. No. So we own a I figured that be your answer. Yeah. Could I share some more information or you wanna give short Sweet, But I mean that that's the answer.


But let's hear the details. Yeah. Okay. So we own a home that's next door to the church and we're members at that church. We've used this house as a rental, but now we'd like to sell it. And when we bought the house years ago, a few members that are on the church board had asked for first dibs if we ever decided to sell the house. So we gave the board the opportunity to purchase it for 210,000 on a cash offer. The home appraised at 233,000. So the board presented the opportunity to the church and then the congregation voted to go ahead with purchasing the home, but they left the option for how to pay for the home up to the church board. So we were then presented with a counter purchase agreement, but it's a financed offer.


And we were really clear with the board that this was an opportunity to purchase the home for $210,000 cash. We wanted to, you know, give the church a deal as a, you know, act of goodwill. And the church has the money. They have well over $400,000 in extra savings that they have in CDs right now. And You go, you attend this church regular, you attend this church, correct? Yes. Yes, that's Correct. Okay. Okay. But the board wants to keep that money in savings and not spend it on the home. And so I, we feel like we don't want to accept that mortgage offer for two reasons. One is because I don't think that the church needs to go into debt to buy the home. It's not a need. They have the money and savings to pay cash.


Frankly, I think it's completely foolish for the church to go into debt for it. And additionally, we buy and sell a lot of real estate and we know that mortgage offers can tend to drag on and on. They take longer to close. Sometimes they require dumb little stuff to be fixed on the house. And So we are willing to accept less on a cash sale just for simplicity, where like if we list it to the public, we would probably ask closer to the appraised value or even more Yeah. Yeah. To help us, you know, give, give us time and feel like we can put up with the nonsense that comes with a mortgage because we're getting more money for the house. So unfortunately a lot of our friends at church have told us that we're straight up in the wrong, that we're being absolutely ridiculous to insist on a cash sale.


And I just wondered if you agree, if you think that we're being ridiculous to say that we want it to be a cash sale. I, I mean, I'll just that first pass on this, it's your property and you get to choose what offer you accept. That's thing one. But if you're attempting to control, are you on the board at all? Are you part of that at all? Are you in leadership? No. On the No, no leadership. I, but I, you know, I think she's, she's a member of the church and she doesn't like what they're doing and she doesn't wanna participate in it. I'm fine with that. I Think I, that part I think it's fine. And it's your property. You get to choose. The only thing that I thought you do have to be careful of is like trying to manipulate it too much.


The, the side, the side of it that's on your side is your side. That's the property side. You trying to manipulate the church side to do what you specifically want them to do. I feel like you have to be careful of That. Well, if this was an independent issue and it wasn't your house, but the church was gonna buy another house and you're a member that has the same concern, then there's still the concern. It's still stupid. Right. And could you, you could voice it. Right. But you can't, can't control it. She's right. Well, you can't control it 'cause you're not, you're not part of the leadership. The only thing, you know, you can just decide whether this is a deal breaker or not. So here's the interesting thing that you're pushing against and don't even realize. Probably Larry Briquette used to say that oftentimes in churches, the, the business leaders that are members of the church end up on the church board.


And so the church board can start to look like the chamber of commerce. It's a whole life agent, a car dealer and a banker, all of which believe in borrowing money. And so then the church business starts being conducted, like the world conducts business instead of the church. Where instead maybe we ought to actually say, what does the Bible say about debt? And find me one time in scripture that there's a positive thing said about debt. You can't, it's not there. Find me one time in scripture that that debt is used as a tool for God's kingdom not in there anywhere.


So these guys are functioning like the banker that they are, or the car dealer that they are, or whoever it is, is sitting on this church board and they're thinking like they think down at the office instead of thinking about managing God's stuff God's ways. And that's, that's what, that's what the breakdown is. That's the breakdown. And so I would challenge the church board to start making decisions about the church's business through the lens of scripture, not through the lens of a finance professor. I think that's really good advice. Thank you for that. Yeah. I don't think they're gonna do it though. Yeah. I don't think they're gonna do it. And so I, I, I think what I would do if I were in your situation, I would just say, you know, we made you an offer.


We do not agree with the church going into debt to do this. And the offer was on a cash basis. And that's the only way we're going to do the deal. And if you don't wanna do that, that's okay. We'll just sell the house. We're fine with that. Yeah, I agree. You know, You know, we're not throwing a fit, not throwing a temper tantrum. And by the way, your friends, I don't know what the flip they've got to do with any of this. They don't get a vote in this. Well, friends that are on the church board Oh, that do have the vote that are making the decision. Okay. Yeah. Then, then, then I think then they're being unreasonable Okay. To dictate to someone how they deal with their own asset. Okay.


Yeah. This is, thank you. You know, so if, I guess if you've got friends on the church board, maybe you need to tell them, let's, why don't we use the Bible as our guideline since we're in church and all, ooh, there's a novel thought, you know? And instead of you telling me about how you're gonna be wise and hoard cash over here, man, This sounds like some drama. This Well, I'm, hey is some drama. You know, I didn't, I didn't start the fight. They, I mean, all you did was offer selling the house and then they got all up in your business telling you how to do stuff because they're a freaking car dealer. Which one of 'em is one of 'em a car dealer or a banker? Am I right?


Yes. Oh man. Almost like I've done this before. Oh man. Something Like that. So yeah, I mean, it it, here's the thing. I had to decide years ago that I'm not going to leave a church over this kind of stuff unless there's an integrity issue because this kind of stuff is in every church every day. Yeah. It'd be Slim Pickens that happens to be the church that I Go to now, the pastor's been a good friend for many years and he believes in the stuff we teach and, and runs the thing debt free. But the church I was at before that borrowed money and I didn't leave over them, borrowed money. And I'm freaking Dave RAMSEY, so I hear you. I mean, you know, I hear you. Come on. So we're, we're not trying to pick a fight all the time, but I do challenge pastors and church boards or elders or deacon boards or whatever you wanna call 'em at your place to use the Bible as your guideline instead of what they taught you in finance class.


And when you're handling God's assets, and by the way, they're all God's assets, including yours. But yeah. So, but I can't always get 'em to do it and I have to just be friends with 'em anyway. And I've got lots of friends that do things wrong and they're still my friends. That's true. That scene y'all were playing out though, that sounded like a movie, That sounded like a movie scene. I hope keep, keep you calm and still be smiling while you're doing it all. Huh? There you go. There you go. This is The Ramsey Show. And God bless your heart at The end. Bless your heart. Yeah.


When you go through a job loss or job change and lose your employer sponsored health insurance. There's no better time to try Christian Healthcare Ministries. That's right. There's another option besides Cobra, to take care of your family during that time. Because if you didn't know, the cost of COBRA has gone up a lot in the past few years. And CHM is an affordable, biblically based alternative to health insurance. So do your own research. CHM is a great option. That's potentially a third of the price of cobra. It's a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. And the support you get from CHM goes beyond helping you pay for medical bills. Members become part of a family that prays for them When they have a medical event. Try getting that with Cobra. So if you're going through a job loss life change or just wanna explore other options to save on healthcare, chm might be perfect for you. Chm programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more at ch ministries.org/budget at ch ministries.org/budget.


People ask me all the time, George, what's your number one money saving hack? I'm glad you asked. Nothing makes me happier than helping another frugal friend. So here's the hack. Get on a budget. Seriously, how are you supposed to save money if you don't know how much you're spending in the first place? And that's what makes the EveryDollar Budgeting app a game changer. With EveryDollar, you'll get a clear picture of your spending, and from there it's easy to see where you can get more intentional cut back and save more money. So how much money are we talking here? Well, the average EveryDollar Budgeter frees up $395 in their first budget. That's the hack. And if you ask me, I think you're way above average and you'll save even more. So what are you do when still listening to me go Download the EveryDollar app for free and start saving more money? Right now.


I am Dave RAMSEY, your host. Thanks for being with us. Samantha is in Chicago. Hey Samantha. What's up? Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. How can we help? So just to preface, I want to say that I have more views that are in accordance to you about saving, being debt free, all of that. And my husband is more on the line of investing into business. So I have a question about investing into farming for first generation farmers. So my husband and I started our own hay business three years ago because it's always been his dream. And then we've just been building it up slowly as a side business alongside our regular jobs.


Last year we bought a $12,000 tractor that we still owe on, but that is 0% interest because it's just through a farmer, not a bank. And then this year we bought a $20,000 tractor. So we would have two tractors and then just start upgrading our equipment slowly. And that tractor has a 8.4% interest rate through a bank. My husband's point of view was that the tractor's profit that it would bring in would pay itself off in two years, versus if we didn't get it right now, then we would probably be saving for about five years before we could afford it. So we wanna know if you think that it was a bad idea to invest in this equipment. And if you think that we should just be cash flowing, all of these big purchases since we're new to farming.


Farming is a business. Yes. Anytime you borrow money in business, you increase your risk, your probability of failure. Yes. The more money you borrow, the more likely you are to fail. The number one cause of small business failure is cashflow problems. And the number one cause of cashflow problems is debt. The more you borrow, the higher probability is you fail. Yeah. Simple. And he acts like there's no risk involved. And that's absolute bull crap. Of course there's risk involved. You're freaking farming.


Of course there's risk involved. I mean, the very nature of farming is we don't know what the crop's gonna be. Yeah, true. It's not predictable. He acts like it's automatic. It's not automatic that in two years it's not automatic that it's gonna take five years to buy a tractor either. So we encourage all businesses to, in the name of sustainability, in the name of probability of success to avoid debt. And I avoid that. I avoid debt. I've grown this business for 30 years with never borrowing a dime. And I've invested heavily into the business. But it was all profit that went back into the business.


Yeah. I'm sitting in a building that's, you know, the, the campus here is about $600 million. Cash. Cash, no debt. There's also the Yeah, the, the mental side of it. I think for whatever reason people break it up mentally and they go, well, personal debt is my personal debt and business debt is business debt. But at the end of the day, the same person owes both of those debts. Do you see what I'm saying? So It so that's another lie. Yeah. At the end of the day, you're still liable for it. Yeah. We all that. Yeah. You're, you're, you're liable That farmer doesn't care whether that you bought the tractor from and financed it with. He doesn't care whether the hay comes in or not. He wants his money.


That's right. That banker that's got eight and half percent on that, they don't care. They don't care if your husband falls and breaks his leg and then able to drive the tractor and bring the crop in. Yeah. They don't care if somebody else in the family gets ill. And so he's unable to because he has to take care of his family in another way and enable to cut hay. They don't care. They just want the money. Period. So you have to decide what, what, whatever your philosophy is. If you choose like, this is my philosophy in life, then this is my philosophy in life, whether personal Business, I've had this argument. I mean, I've been, I grew up in rural America. I'm not anti farm, I'm pro farm. But I've had this argument with farmers.


They act like they're like, they get somehow a pass on math because I'm a farmer. You don't get a pass on math. Math is math. Whether you run a heat and air company or whether you run a farm or whether you run a real estate business. I don't care what you run, math is gonna kick your butt if you screw with it and y'all are messing with it, you're asking for trouble. Yeah. You're begging for problems because these purchases are made only, the only way this all works in his theory is if everything goes exactly as planned and the number of thing times things go exactly as planned is precisely zero. Yeah. Luckily, I like, I'm more very much into budgeting and financing.


So I haven't worked out well, It won't help if he keeps buying tractors on credit. I know. Yeah. I have it worked out. So I'm not including any of the income from the hay business. And we can have it, both of those tractors paid off in 16 months and all of our other debt. No, now you're assuming. No, you're assuming and presuming on the future. Yeah. But I'm also assuming that we're gonna keep our jobs and be okay. Here's the thing. Yeah, you can, you spell covid. Yeah. You can't predict the future And you can't out earn bad money habits for very long. Like that's, there's gonna be an end to that. So No, I teach people to never borrow money on their business. 'cause I want their small business to thrive. I want farmers to thrive.


I love farmers and I don't want them spending their whole life paying a dadgum combine payment because it's got GPS and air conditioning. And that's necessary to ROI In today's world, bull crap, ROI is called return on investment. And that includes factoring in risk. If you're a sophisticated business person, you factor in risk and you all are ignoring risk in this. So if you keep on this track, you're gonna go broke because you're acting the track is, there's no risk. I can just, I'll always make more than the tractor payment and I'll be okay. And that is a false hood. That's What I'm saying.


It's a falsehood. It's gonna bite you, bite you hard. So no, I don't think you did a smart thing and no, I don't think you are doing smart things. Steve is in Richmond, Virginia. Hi Steve. How are you? Hi, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I have a question about risk. Okay. So I am, I am 64, I'm retired. I'm a everyday millionaire. I have a piece of commercial real estate that was part of a business that I sold that I still own. It's a Triple net lease and I've got five years left on the lease. And I'm just wondering when I should sell it.


The, the, the kind of the wrinkle anointment is that I have, it's in a rural area and it's owned by a big corporation. They're having some trouble attracting people to move out to rural areas to work. So when the lease is up in five years, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. And so, you know, I feel like I have a great deal at the moment. Things are going very well. I I don't really want to own it if it's empty in five years and I just don't, I don't know, help me out trying to frame this and, and, and, and understand the smart way to make this decision. Well, the property is gonna be valued based on the lease commercial property of the value.


We, we've placed values on the commercial property based on the income it produces. And the lease has got a fuse burning that's five years long. And so I'm gonna, if I'm buying this, I'm gonna value it based on it being empty in five years. And so if and, and that's better than if I'm buying it and it's gonna be empty in two years. Right. And that's better than if I buy it and it's gonna be empty in eight months and or we, or it's empty. Oh, now we got a real deal. Right. Okay. So if, if, you know, what I'm looking at, if I'm you is what's the probability they turn this around and they stay there? Is it 50 50?


Is it 90 10? You know, that's kind of what you gotta think about. 'cause you've got actu some actual insight into the situation, thank God. Right. And so if if you think they're, it's 50 50 or less that they're gonna be there in five years. If I'm you, I'm selling that now. Okay. Okay. Because, because you're gonna have a problem. Right. And it, and the problem, the closer the fuse gets to the bomb, the har the less value the property has and the less marketability it has. Is that right? No, that's, that's exactly right. Yeah. And, and I, and I have, honestly, I get calls all the time from some various groups who, I mean, it, it's got five years from the lease, they are very happy to buy these properties.


Yeah, yeah. You, you Probably got, you probably got some reeds lining up to take it out. What's the value of it? It was appraised a few years ago. It was 600,000. Okay. So you probably get a million out of it and you could probably do a 10 31 and roll that into something that you think has a good, a better long-term future than you think this does that, you know. But if you think there's a 90% probability they're gonna renew and stay and you wanna hold it, then I would hold it. All we're doing here is looking at the probability risk. Like you said, you, you accurately said it when you opened up the call. Good question, Steve. You're, you're thinking correctly.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me, my husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home, it's exciting, but there's a lot to think about and all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home with confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Jack is in Chicago. Hey Jack, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. How are you today, Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? Yeah, looking for some advice here. I've been in my job for about two years now and just really burning out, not sure if I should take time off and then go back to the job or should just completely quit and figure out, you know, what truly makes me happy if it's a different industry or a different job in general, you know, made around 157,000 last year. I'm 25 years old, What's the burnout? I think one, just not really believe in the product. And two being, you know, A DHD if I don't truly enjoy it, I have a time limit before I just, you know, hate it.


So that's not burnout, it's just inability to stick with something. Yeah. Could be that as well. If it's the A DHD related, how do you see that playing out long term? Will you just, and I'm, I'm not asking this to be facetious, I'm truly asking Yeah. If, if you feel like it's related to that, how will that affect other jobs? Will you experience the same thing? Yeah, I mean that, that's what I'm afraid of because, you know, you know, I've always thought about that since, you know, I had my E-P-I-E-P in fourth grade. Like, is this gonna be like something that happens constantly or is it, you know, I just gotta keep changing till I find what I truly like, so. Hmm. You know, it's, it's something that I think about every day and maybe I'm just, you know, being a WF and I should just muck it up and keep going.


Or, you know, maybe taking time off to like figure out if it truly is that or if it's, you know, more of the burnout side. I mean, have you put it out on Paper? You're, you're not burnout. Let's just establish that you need to quit using that phrase. Okay. You're, you're, you're not burnout, you're distracted maybe and maybe you don't believe in the product, but neither one of those are burnout. Okay. Burnout is, you've been working 80 hours a week and you hate everything in your life. The whole thing's toxic and none of that has come up. You just don't like the product and, and you have trouble staying on task for 40 straight hours a week.


That's what you told me, right? Yeah. I mean, similar work probably, you know, 60, 60 hours a week just because, okay. Yeah, me too. It was a tougher job. Yeah, me too. Yeah. 60 hours a week doesn't create burnout. Burnout comes, yeah. When, when you're doing something you hate with people you hate. I feel like getting this on paper and kind of having a ca i, I like things on paper where I can see it with my actual pin in my hand and having the ca category that's like, this is, these are the things that are gonna be present with any job no matter what. I'm gonna have to work 40 to 60 hours, I'm gonna have to do things that I sometimes don't like. Right. You've got that category of things that are kind of non-negotiables. They're there in any job no matter what. And then you've got the things that, you know, are related to A DHD, which is, like you said, staying on task might be a little bit tough.


And you've got that column and then you've got the column of of things that really are specific to this spec specific job that you don't Enjoy, enjoy. Lemme tell you the deal breaker in the whole conversation, you're right. Is that, and that goes on this list of things is I don't believe in the product. You should not be doing something that you don't believe in the product long term. Yeah. It's not good for you. It's not good for you. It's not good for the customer, it's not good for them For, yeah. Because for the first year and a half like top performer, I liked the product better then, but you know, I did. I haven't Why don't You like the pro? Wait a minute. Why did you lose, why did you fall outta love with the product? Yeah, well, so like the first year, year and a half I was selling a different product and that I changed teams and now I'm on this team. I just like, the reason why, I don't believe it's because there isn't enough data out there to figure out, okay, is that truly working?


Plus it's expensive and it's a big commitment. And so that's where my trouble is. Like, okay, you know, I haven't Seen that. So can you go back to the old product? No, I mean our, you have to can't, our company doesn't do that. Okay then, then. So I, I would not tell you to keep selling a product regardless of how we start the conversation or end the conversation. I would not tell you to keep a job long term where you don't believe in it. It's not, again, it's not good for you, it's not good for the company, it's not good for the customer. Nobody's winning here. So, and I, if somebody, if you work for me and you said, I don't believe in this thing, I, I'd tell you, go look for something man. Go find something you love. Go find something you believe in.


It doesn't invalidate the product just 'cause you don't like it. It just, you don't want to do it. Yes. That's okay. You know, that's totally fine. You know, there's stuff that I think is valid out there that you know, but so if you, especially especially in sales, you've got to really like it the, the thing you're selling and you gotta believe it's good for people because you feel like you're serving then rather than manipulating. Yeah, of course. Do you And if you're quickly, yeah. Do you think it's, why does it take some time off travel for a couple months and then come back to it? Or should I have my next role lined up? No, you need to go get something else and do something else. Okay. You know, I, you know, you don't get a gap year in the middle of your career.


Yeah. That's not, that's not how, I mean, you can, but that's not, that's not normal. And so no, I, I would go, you know, and take, if you wanna do some traveling, take your PTO time at the next place and go travel and that's fine. But you know, you're, you're, you're not a 21-year-old senior in college that just graduates taking a gap year. I'm gonna go hike Europe before I start my life. That's not where you are. You're like a grown man and stuff. So No, I'm, Unless he's got a bunch of money sitting somewhere we don't know about, I still wouldn't do it. I just keep, keep moving and because he's looking for happiness in all the wrong places. Yeah. And the idea that I don't have to, if I'm not working, I'm gonna be happy.


And that's bull. Yeah. Now you're working at the wrong thing. That's why you're not happy. It's not because you're working work is not evil and work doesn't kill you and work doesn't burn you out. None of those are true things, but working is stuff you don't believe in. We'll do all of that. So, hey, hang on. We're gonna give you a copy of Ken Coleman's book, find the work you're wired to do. And it has in there a wonderful assessment that is really good for self to, to do some self-analysis on. And, and you know, what is it I wanna do? And by the way, I will tell you this, the, the, is he gone? I guess he's gone. Hmm. Oh well anyway, the, the best salesman I know including me have a touch of a DD Okay.


Have a touch of, I can't stay on task because they like, they like moving from thing to thing to thing to thing to thing. And sales is a good, it's a good field for that. And you can make a ton of money and you can serve people and be proud of what you do and be tired sometimes, but not be burnt out. And so yeah, that's what I would do. What are you laughing at? I'm gonna take a gap year. Hey, you never, you never know. Like I am truly a boomer. That's what I know. It's just, it's over. I'm completely over there in the old guy column. I mean, you didn't even consider it Dave.


No, I didn't even, I if, if and and No, no I didn't. Matt. Matt's in St. Louis. Hey Matt. What's up? Hey Dave. Hey Jade. How are you guys? Great. How can we help? So basically I want to get your advice for my wife and I. So I'm self-employed. She's been a stay at home mom for, I don't know, 12 years probably at this point, being a business owner. We, we have not because we're business owners, but we did start retirement savings a little later in life. So collectively between the two of us and our Vanguard accounts, we have about $80,000.


How old are You? Over 43. What do you make? Well, my company pays me about 65 top line revenues range anywhere. 'cause there is a seasonal Component. Wait, you, you own the company? Yeah. So I is Distributions. What is your, what is your, what is your taxable income, sir? For last year was 4 95. But typically it's a where Are you get, where's all the money going? Well, we're sitting on north of 500 in cash and we have, you know, why paid for home cars? Well that's the thing, I don't like having all those soldiers sitting on the sidelines. I just don't really know what to do with it. We do max out our retirement accounts every year, but good.


I don't know that's gonna be enough. You Haven't been doing that for a long No, we have not Like two years, so Yeah. Approximately. So yeah. Okay. So it's been one of those, I don't know exactly what to do. I know enough to be dangerous, right? You're making great money. Congratulations. I'm proud of you. What's, what kind of business is this? It's a automotive restoration. You know, detailing good for You. Well done. You're working your butt off man. What's the top line? I am indeed. Last year we did 1.5. I'm proud of you. Good man. Alright, thank you. So you're making a half million dollars a year and you got a half million stashed and you need to learn how to save it and invest it, right?


Correct. Good. Now you have a new task.


So Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com and click on smart investor and sit down with one of the smart investor pros and let them teach you, not do it for you, but teach you. And then the two of you together will make the decisions and you're gonna get those soldiers off the sidelines. And now you got a half million dollars moving towards your 80,000. Ooh. And we're gonna be millionaires pretty quick with our retirement plan.


Big news business owners, it's here. My brand new book Build a Business You Love is officially available to start reading. Now look, running a business is tough. Some days it feels like you're just duct taping the whole thing together. I get it. That's why I put 30 years of hard earned lessons into this book to help you grow faster, make smarter decisions, and stop learning everything the hard way. Don't wing it. Get your copy at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store and start reading today.


Our question of today is brought to you by why refi, why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch, helps you get your life back. So kick the private student loan debt to the curb. Use y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


All Right. Today's question comes from Jenna in Nevada. She says, my husband is in the military. I'm a stay at home mom and we're in our mid thirties. He really wants to purchase a cyber truck, which will cost about 80,000. We take home roughly 150,000 a year and our net worth is just over 950,000. I drive a 2011 car, which run fines our, which runs fine. Our only debt is 250,000 on a home, which is valued at 750,000. I hope you're tracking with me. We have 420,000 in investments, 50,000 in cash and 20,000 of that is our emergency fund.


I wanna pay off the house before making luxury purchases. We'd save up to pay cash for this cyber truck and trade in his current truck, which is worth about 30. Okay. Is it unfair for me to be unsupportive of his dream and our current financial situation? Alright, let's sum it up. That was a lot of numbers. A lot of numbers. So they wanna buy the cyber truck, it's 80,000. He could trade in his current truck, get 30 for that. Plus they have 30 available, They have 50 in cash. Yeah. But 20 of it is their emergency fund, so that gives 'em 30. So now they got, they Gotta pull money out of investment. So Yeah. And I mean honestly, here's the thing. 950,000, let's go ahead and round that up to a million.


It could be there tomorrow depending on what anybody in in the offices do. So I would round that up to a million for this. I'm not gonna be a Pharisee on that. And then yeah, if you want to talk about the, the, the rule of it being no more than half of your take home. You're right on the line there. I still think it would be fine Dave, you can stop me. But I think it'd probably be fine to do it. You save up the other 20 if you want to. I I would be fine with doing this. You save the other 20. I I probably wouldn't sell off anything in order to do it. I'd probably just save it up right quick. And I think it'd be fine to do it. You guys just have to decide together because in your mind, say doing the house is the next thing.


And in his mind, you guys have worked really hard and now it's time to live a little. And I totally understand that. If I had to vote, I'd be on his side. Hmm. Well we'd be voting against each other, Would we? It's, yeah. It, it it fits with our guidelines for him to do this. Yeah, you're right about that. So I'll go with your vote on that and the guide, because the guidelines are baby steps four, five, and six to be intentional, not intense, pay cash for whatever you're doing. And and he is doing all that. Yeah. So, so in baby steps four, five, and six, there are, you're putting 15% of your income away for retirement.


You're putting kids college away and you're paying extra on the house to have the house paid off as baby steps. Six. During that time is when you would buy a new couch, a new car, go on a vacation and do some other things. And every one of those other things you do slows down the paying off of the house. That's Correct. And so the only thing that bothers me about this is the brand New factor. Well, no, there, there ain't gonna million dollars. Dollars, so they're net worth a million dollars. I'm with you on that. So I mean Yeah. But I always like to save money. So for me, I'd still maybe look for something used, but it's not Technically wrong if you did Yeah. It's hard to relate to the cyber crook thing anyway. But the but the, yeah, so the thing I'm thinking about is, okay, if I'm the guy sitting here and I'm looking at my wife and we have a mortgage 250 am I gonna buy me For you?


Yeah. A truck my dream. Yeah. Which sounds like a little boy talk, not man talk. I hear you. While my house is still sitting there with a mortgage. So I'm, I I, you know, when Sharon and I were doing this, we would've bought something nice, Maybe not that Nice, but we probably wouldn't have pushed the edge of everything and played the dream card. I see. So you're, she Play, he played the dream card. I hear that. Pissed me off. I hear You. I don't like it. I don't like him playing the dream card on his wife. I hear you. Yeah. Am I, am I wrong? Because she feels like she's the only grownup in the thing now. 'cause the little boy wants this cyber trek and mommy won't let him have it. And that's, that's the way this is framed. And And you know what Dave, I'm gonna give you a a, not that you need a check on your side, but I I am putting a check on your side of the board because they're in their mid thirties, so it's not like they've been at this for 30 years.


Yeah. And finally he's getting this thing like, yeah, I'm fine calling in a draw because you, you legally can do it under our guidelines. So that's a draw, right? Yes, yes. According to our guidelines, you are meeting the everything we teach Okay. In baby steps four, five, and six and being intentional. But then I have to put my shoes on and go, okay, if I'm in your shoes, what would I do? Which is how I Have, they have to agree about it. They, number one, you gotta agree about it. And I don't want, it's not fair for him to put you in a position that you're being unsupportive of his dreams. If your dream is a cyber trick, you need a better dream. A bigger dream. Seriously. Also true. Okay. So that's, I mean, really, I mean, if your dream is a car of any kind and, and you play this emotional card with your wife Yeah, yeah.


You need a different dream. My dream is, you know, extreme wealth, extreme generosity. It should include both of them. And you know, that's my dream. And that, and somewhere in the, in the byproduct is some great cars. We'll get some cars. I got a nice car. I'm not against that. My truck costs more than this one. So it's okay. But If Dave be honest, if we were talking about anything but a cyber truck, would you change your mind? You know, you, You probably, you probably got me there. You probably probably affected my answer, but I, I just, what I'm always looking for is the language that we're using with each other. Yeah. And I don't like where she's sitting. Is it unfair of me to be unsupportive of his dream?


It's A little manipulative. Hmm. Yeah. A little Manipulative. Yeah. On his part. Yeah. And, and you know, she, she's like, you know, it, it's like, I, I love it in the Christian world when somebody plays the God card. Well, God told me, well, I can't argue with you now. There you go, because God told you. You know, it's like, but God told you something that's not consistent with scripture. So that wasn't God His last night's pizza. You ought to go back and check that it wasn't the Holy Spirit. It might have been a spirit, but you know, that kind of stuff. They start playing the God card. It's the same thing. Right? It's this thing. So God told me, well, I'm done then you can't argue with that. So, 'cause it's God, but if it is, yeah. So that, that's the trick. And I hear you.


So that, that's always Jenna, that's the bigger problem than the cyber truck. If you both said, okay, we like doing this. I, we both wanna buy this. And it wasn't couched in the thing of it's my dream or I'm the unsupportive wife, I'm the nag and he's the hero who's in the military and I, I should let him have whatever he wants. Let's not go there. Let's say together we sat down and we both agree that this is an okay purchase in our situation. Do you guys think it's okay? Then we would go, yeah, it's okay. Yes, I'm with that. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah. And, and it's okay. Yeah. It's not what I would do, but it's okay. Yes. I, what I would do is I'd pay down on the house.


I think I would too. Or I would just, I want that house paid off, man. 'cause I gotta tell you, once you got your house paid off, you walk different, man. It's a d everything looks different. You got you. You're, you got a little swagger you didn't have before and you know, you don't have, you gotta pay for a house that's worth a million dollars or seven 50 grand here said, right. Yeah. That's a And His current truck sounds, seems like it's All Right if it's still worth 30,000. Yeah. I mean, they're okay. It is not, it really wasn't that. But it's just, it's a good discussion. It is. 'cause one of the things you wanna look for is, and I look for it, we look for it here on the air, but you need to look for it with each other. Yeah. I do the, you know, am I manipulating Sharon to get her to do something?


You know, am I, am I playing that card or is she trying to manipulate me is right. Giving me the eye roll or something. Right. You know, that kind of thing. And So we, how is this going on? Because this matters more than the actual decision because it's the framework in which you make all of your decisions. That's right. And everybody's gotta feel good about it. It's your money. So you both have to feel good about the decisions you are making with your money. Your, that's good. You know what I'm Saying? That's pure. When you guys can get aligned on something and both of you are at least moderately excited about the direction Yeah. Then you, you, that's way more important than the actual direction. That's right. That's right. 'cause you will go get, you'll go get it then you're correct. And that these couples that stand on this stage and do the debt-free screams the unity, the unity of direction that they all have is pretty incredible.


And so, but I, I had a similar discussion. Sher was driving one of those nasty old two-tone blue astro vans. You remember those things? Yes. And the kid, you know, it was like, had 900 million miles on it. Yeah. She's like, I'm like, I got 20,000 bucks. I need to do some stuff at the office. And she's like, no, I need a car. And you know what we figured out, we did both, but we did the her car first. We moved her up into a Suburban and she needed it. Yeah. She was right. So it's okay. Just talk it through. Right. Call every customer you have.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network. It's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. Go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.