
This is The Ramsey Show, where we help you win in your life, win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationship. So excited that you're with us. Triple eight, Eight two five five two two five is a phone number. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, joined by the absolutely incomparable, the fabulous Jade Warshaw. And we've got a great studio audience today. I gotta, we do just say just that the, the studio's packed. They're Lively. A lively bunch. Yeah. They look very excited to be alive. And that's always exciting. So they're here, they always give us a little extra juice. So we wanna say thank you to all of all of you who are here and let's get right to it.


It's time to coach some people up. Carly is gonna start us off in St. Louis, Missouri. Carly How, can We help today? Yeah. I reached this, well recently purchased a home, well within five years ago with my ex-boyfriend now, and we are separated. He has restraining order against me. Oh. And I'm not sure where to go at this point. So you I have violated it a few times trying to get my belongings back. Okay. And I know I've been trying to seek a partition suit or going on a, a, a route or what my rights are and we have a dog together.


Okay. That's the most important part, really. So you were in the relationship, you bought the house together. Are both of your names on the deed? They are, Yes. Okay. And he's the one still living in the house and you are the one who no longer lives in the house, correct? Yes. Okay. You're Legally not allowed to go to the house or you're just not allowed to go to the house when he's there? I am not allowed, actually, that's a really good question. I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed to go to the house at all. Listen, I'm gonna ask the question that, that's slightly more inquiring lines wanna know. No. What did you do to get your restraining Order? Can we ask? I was, I wasn't gonna do He Lied. He lied.


He lied. He just did a deposition and he lied. He lied. So you didn't do anything? He said that you did what? I didn't do anything. He lied. He lied. Okay. He, he's on a deposition and I contacted the judge and he lied. And the problem is, I'm not an attorney and I told the attorney this. I talked to law enforcement. I've contacted them at least 10 times. They don't wanna get involved. Or if they do and they're the nice police officers, they tell me what to do. Oh. And say, Hey, you need to tell the judge contacted the judge. But the judge can only do so much when I email them.


Okay. So I, I don't, I've lost my job. I've lost everything. And the only thing I have left is really my house and my dog. Really? I don't care when they closed 95% of the house. It's a very large home. I don't even care, you know about that. Yeah. I Just, where are you living now? With my parents. Okay. So you're, I'm so sorry. So you have a place to be, you're not homeless, correct? No. Okay. So sweetheart, we are so sorry for you. You've got a lot going on here. And I have a lot of legal trouble because of this. and I can't get a job now Because of the restraining order, Because I broke it.


Oh. So this is now like on Stuff and, Okay. Yes. Okay. Yeah, this is tough. I I'm sorry. You can't get a job because you broke the restraining order And he has filed property damage. Okay. He filed property damage. Well, personal property damage and theft. Okay. So let's, even Though it's from my own home Yeah. Okay. That I'm on the deed and mortgage to. Right. I just, it's, it's, so is your primary sweetheart. We gotta we gotta try to figure out what little, what little we can do here today. And so I want to help. So a couple things.


Did you call us today to figure out how to get out of this house? Is that, I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't move on. I, I wanna do something. I can't move on. I can't buy a house. Yeah, right. It's, it's a very expensive house. What is the house worth? Worth? About A million dollars. Holy Crap. And what, what do you two, what do you two owe on it? Like three 40. Okay. So I'm just trying to take some liberty here to try to get us going forward where we can help. If you could sell it today, if you could somehow get him to agree to sell it, and you got off of this loan and you started moving on and you guys came to some settlement, that would be your ideal situation on the house. Obviously I know you wanna get the dog, but I can't help with the dog.


So I'm trying to focus on what we can, and I'm so sorry. Is that, what's your idea? Is that why you called us today? I, I wanna do something. I'm, I'm just, Have you talked to a lawyer? Well, you gotta get a lawyer. I have, I have two or three lawyers. Okay. And what are they telling you? Just take a deep breath. I don Know nobody can, no, nobody knows anything. Nobody can help. No, it's just, I I don't have any money. I Do your parents have any money? My, no, they don't anymore. They're, everybody's just, So let's let, let me, let me, let me bring this down.


Let's talk about best and worst case scenario. Worst case scenario is you let this ride for a while, but since both of your names are on the deed, both of your names are on the loan. The negative side of this is if for some reason he decides to stop paying the payment, your name is on it. Right? And so it affects your credit. He He's not gonna do that. Yes. But you don't know that I'm talking, I'm talking about the worst case scenario. 15 cars. Let me talk. Did he let me talk, let me talk. I'm talking about the worst case scenario. You don't know what he's going to do. Okay. So the worst case is anything that you guys have your names together on the debt, whether it's a car or a house. If one of you, if the person who's been paying the bill stops paying the bill, it has the effect on either of you, since both of your names are on it.


That's the negative. So what the ideal scenario is, let's get our names off of this. Now you're on a restraining order. You can't go onto the property. Let's honor that. Is there a way that you can contact him and say, I want to divvy up our assets and I want to split them? Are you open to that? And just find out what has he said? Is he open to selling the property? Do you know that His attorney doesn't respond? Okay. Have you not the attorney, have you talked to him? Do you know or will he not talk to you? I'm not Allowed to contact Him. Okay. Alright. I wanna jump In there. I can ask him tomorrow. Okay, here's, here's what I think. Or within the next couple of Weeks.


Yeah. When you get a chance to whatever the arrangement is, because there's legalities here. Find out what his sentiment is. If he's out to Jackie, then yeah, you're gonna have to get a lawyer. And here's the thing, if your lawyers aren't doing anything, fire them and get somebody who will. Yeah. It sounds like you're not working with good attorneys. And so you can change that. You're overwhelmed and you should be very, but I'm, I'm here to kind of grab you by your collar and kind of shake you a little bit because please, Can I jump in there and shake a little bit? Yeah. Shake Carly, I understand about the legality of, of the restraining order, but this idea, this notion that you can't work and make money right now, you're gonna have to absolutely reject that.


That's not true. If I were you, if nothing else, you can babysit. You can walk dogs, you can do so many things. And you have the, the one benefit you got going for you right now is a place to be safe with mom and dad. Yeah. With very little expenses, sweetheart. You've gotta make money doing seven jobs. Quite frankly, your life is an absolute disaster. And the best thing for you right now is to put all of your effort into working. You can't be in pain if you're working and busy, number one. Number two, we need the income. Jade. Yes. Because she's gotta fire her lawyers and get a legitimately decent lawyer who gets you in front of the judge. And we begin to unravel this thing. You need money so you can get a good lawyer and get in front of the judge.


That's it. Those are the three things in your life right now. That's all you have time for. Do that. And you'll get outta this mess. This is The Ramsey Show.


I've been doing this Show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable. Yeah. And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, oh, it's terrible. Or people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am The middle, how gonna be next week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance. And It doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place. The cost of stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2. Or go to xander.com


Alongside Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman. And you have joined the conversation about you here on The Ramsey Show triple eight. Eight two five five two two five. It's hard to believe. I, I feel like I, I feel like I sound like my dad right now. Okay, let's Hear it. But like, where did the year go? Like, I'm that guy who says that now It's just 100%. You know what I'm saying? And The fact that it's October. Yeah. And the holidays are right around the corner. I stinking was in the mall last weekend and ran into a Christmas decoration. Ooh. Yeah. That's, that's a Whole nother rant. And it's a whole nother rant. It is. But


but I bring this up. You're probably wondering where are you going with this kid? Have your meds worn off or you got a point you tell us. And the point is, the holiday season is here and that means everybody's budgets are gonna be a little tight. We got all this pressure. We probably didn't plan for it. Some of us are in the baby steps out there that are listed and watching right now. They're going, yeah, what are we getting everybody for Christmas? And so it's, it's time for a really great and relevant webinar. How about our EveryDollar free live training coming up Thursday, October 24th, one Eastern 12 Central. You can register for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar. Click the link in the description of the podcast. Or if you're on YouTube, we got a link there for you. We've got over a hundred thousand people registered. That's bananas. That's A lot. That's a lot of people. It's what it says. Listen. Wow. Are my Eyes deceiving me or is this right? A hundred over a hundred thousand people registered for this free life train. Oh, in the past. Oh, Okay. I was about to say, these people are happens Lining up. This is what happens. This is what happens when you don't read the entire sentence and you have a DH ADHD folks, but it's over a hundred thousand people in the past, so Got you. This is a popular training again. It's coming up this Thursday. This is a lunch and learn. Yeah. And don don't know if you could do anything better with your lunchtime. So there you go. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash webinar This Thursday, October 24th one Eastern 12 Central Time.


Alright. Columbus, Ohio is where we go now. And CJ is there. CJ How. can We help today? Thank you guys for answering my call first of all. But my question is, so I bought a vehicle a couple months back, a rt, Durango and I love the vehicle, obviously, but I feel that it stops me from investing. I'm 21 years old and I watch your guys' podcast relatively often and I wanna, my biggest goal was obviously I wanna start a, a Roth ira, but I feel that the payment on my vehicle is kind of like it gets in the way of that.


That's good. What's that payment tell us. 6 25. Hey. Yeah. Yikes. Okay. Yikes. I need to get my Tums. Where are the Tums? Well Let, let's, let's make it worse for Ken. He's gonna have to go extra strength. 'cause what's your, what's your income every month? So I'm a union worker. It's, it's different every month. So What's a good month and what's a bad Month? Month I can bring home, A good month is probably around 7,500 or eight grand. Okay. That's on the, the top end. But on the lower end, four grand. So I mean minimum I'm probably bringing home a thousand a month. Okay. Yikes. Yeah, it's definitely getting in the way, Jade. Yeah. That payment's in the way, It's 100% in the way.


And I'm glad that you're realizing that because we say it all the time here. The car payment is what keeps middle class, middle class. It's what keeps you broke and it's what keeps you from getting ahead. Because that 6 25, let me tell you something that's suspiciously close to what you're supposed to be investing every single month. So let's, let's find out if you're at the point of an investing. Okay, so you've been listening for a little while. We teach a series of baby steps and investing is baby step four. Okay. And before you can invest, we talk about clearing out your debt, saving up three to six months of expenses. So my question is, have you paid off all of your debt? No. I have the loan on the, on the vehicle is, that's my only debt.


Is is the loan on the vehicle? That's it. But any other debt? Yeah, it's paid off. I, so before I, I've watched you guys probably since I got outta high school and which obviously it's only been like three years, but, so I had a, a decent emergency fund and then I, how much, how much started spending because I got bored. It was, it was like $8,000, which I was living at home at the time. So wait, wait, wait, wait. You said was, Yeah, what's it now? Nothing. Probably a thousand dollars. Well, is it nothing or is it a thousand dollars? Because that's a big difference. Don don't, I don't have anything in it right now. All my money's in my savings or not my savings.


I'm sorry, my checking. Got you. Okay. So let's clarify this. Let's make it simple. So baby, step one, you need a thousand dollars of savings. Don't keep it in your checking account. Anytime you have savings, you wanna keep it separate from where your month to month money goes because you don't want to in quote, accidentally spend it. Right? And so you're gonna take that a thousand dollars, you're gonna drop it in don don't know, just a basic savings account or a high yield savings account. Either one is fine, but you're gonna get it outta your checking account. That's thing one. That money is there for an emergency. An emergency is something that is completely unexpected, completely necessary. Like I gotta do this and there's gotta be like a a time constraint.


Like I gotta do this fast, right? If it's something that you gotta do in three months, then it's not really that much of an emergency, right? So it's gotta filter, it's gotta check those three boxes in order for you to pull from that fund. Now we focus on the car. What all do, what do you owe on the car? $36,000. 36,000. And if you were to sell it, what could you get? It definitely holds negative equity right now. All right. Because I just got it, you know, three, four months ago I could probably get 27 or 28 out of it. It dropped that much. Oh. 'cause of negative equity. Okay. And that's private sale? Or are you doing looking at trade in value?


That's trade in value. I think private sale, I might be able to push 29 or 30, but don don't think it's gonna be, well Look it up Because I got it four 30. Okay. Oh wow. Okay. Look it up on Kelly Blue book and see exactly what you could get if you sold it on your own private. Yeah, that's the best option. Okay then either way, you know, to your point, since you said I wanna get out of this car, if I were you, let's pretend you're actually $8,000 upside down. I'd probably go to my credit union and get a loan for it and a little bit more. So you can buy something in cash, maybe you spend five or six in cash. But at the end of the day, I'd rather have a loan for $16,000 than a loan for $36,000.


Agree. Right? That was my question. Yeah, that was my question is how you guys would go about it because I just feel like it's like it weighs you down a little bit. Obviously I have extra coming in every month still on top of the car payment. I can keep it if I wanted, but I feel like I could be so much better off if I just didn't pay on the car. You're a smart guy. Yeah, You're right by the way. You do exactly what Jade said, exactly what she said. That's the answer to your question. Because you're going to probably cut your payment in half and all of a sudden we have a much more manageable debt that we gotta get rid of at 16,000. And so that's gonna motivate you. It's gonna give you a little bit of breathing room. 'cause that payment's gonna come down obviously. Yeah, that's the textbook answer.


So that's what you gotta do. There's no wiggle room on this because every every week month that you delay this, this car keeps putting you in a bigger negative hole. So like this decision needs to be made today. Like we're trying to unload this car in the next week. So, okay, intensity. So the question is, if you did this, if you got off the phone today and did what we just told you to do, how quickly could you save up six months of expenses Very quickly? I have a significant other that helps me with utilities and rent and she all her cheese debt free and all that. I mean we're obviously just dating so funds aren't joined yet.


Okay. But I do have somebody helping me with half expenses at home as well, which does help. Yeah. And the other question I have is, what kind of work are you doing Construction? Do you have, I don't know, the rules where you are? Can you do side stuff or does the union prohibit that? Certain ones do? Mine doesn't because I'm just a laborer. Get after it baby. But I have looked into getting my own side gig and stuff like that. Get after it. Yeah. I got, I gotta get everything figured out. No, no, you don't just get after it. You don't have to figure out anything. you have a skill experience. You know your market, you got pretty decent on those good months.


That's a really nice paycheck. But right now you need to get out there and and and get that car paid off quickly and then get the six months emergency fund. I mean this is just a function of you working really hard And can I tell you the opportunity cost? Here's why you're smart, because you figured out early this 6 25 car payment is doing, me and I need to get rid of it. If tomorrow you do what we said and you start investing that $625, Oh boy tell us By the time you're 65 you're gonna have $5.9 million, which is suspiciously close to $6 million If you don't do anything else with your life except invest $625 a month, Mike drop. You don't have to figure anything out.


Jay just told you what to do. He figured it out. That's how smart he is. I know. But this is all about effort. Effort turns into $6 million. Wow. Alright. Quick break. We'll be right back. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey you guys. I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean. But I do like credit unions because they're nonprofit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds. Credit Union because they share the Ramsey mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they design products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to Fairwinds dot org slash Ramsey to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for Ramsey fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-D s.org/ Ramsey.


Hey folks, welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman and Jade Warshaw is in studio with me. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five is the phone number for us to coach you up. She'll be leading on the budgeting and what to do with the debt calls. and I'm gonna lead on how to make more money, how to move up in your professional life so we can make more money, more freedom. That's the theme there. So we'd love to hear from you. And how about a question from The Ramsey Network app. Jade you up for one of those? Sounds good. Let's Do it. All right. This is from Anne. She writes, I'm engaged and My fianc just bought an rv MM Four ready for this hard swallow, $240,000, but he's not sure how he's going to pay for operating it.


Yikes. What I'm concerned that he may take a loan out so he'll not only have a monthly payment, but also all the expenses and upkeep that go along with owning an rv. My question is, how do I proceed? Because we plan to get married next year and we disagree on money issues. Yikes. Oh wow. Yeah. That's a big red flag. Can I Just, dude went and bought an rv, don. Don't think I realized that RVs were this expensive. Oh Man. Yeah. That's a house. Oh yeah. On wheels basically. Oh Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Oh, but but doesn't go up in value, Right? Dropping like a rock. Yeah. Drop. There we go. Drop dropping like a rock.


Okay. You should be concerned. The fact that she's concerned that he's gonna take a loan out makes sense. He took a loan out for the rv, so yeah, he'll probably take a loan out for the upkeep. The biggest issue is they don't degree agree on the money issues. Ken, I don't know about you. I believe that money, it's one of those big overarching themes you've gotta be aligned on. It's money, politics, religion, and how you see raising your kids and family, that kind of thing. I agree. And so I agree. This is a big one. The best way I I think to call this out is just to sit 'em down and say, listen, here's what we've said. Our plans are together. Yeah. We obviously plan to get married.


I, I've started noticing that you and I have different views on how we view money and how we view debt. Can you tell me a little bit more of how you see that playing out in the future? And maybe just kind of set 'em up with some questions. Hey, in the future when we want a car, what do you think we would do? Would we get, would we try to save up in k pay cash or do you think we would take out a loan and just kind of ask him, learn more about what he would say? And then you, once you've heard his response, then you come back and say, okay, well here's my viewpoint. I think that if we were gonna buy cars, I'd like to pay cash and here's why. And here, and then lay out your side and say, I just wanna have a clear conversation and see is there a way that we can get on the same page with this because this, this feels like it could cause problems down the line.


and I don't want that for us. And you just have to have a hard conversation. Yeah, I, I agree with everything you said. I'd, I'd probably ratchet up the the, the technique here. Tell me. Yeah, I'm gonna go with the He needs a text. What do you mean? I'm gonna tell you. You're gonna text him the questions? No, I'm Gonna text him and say we need to talk Ken Now you know that, that strikes fear. If you didn't have bubbles in your tummy when you received that text, you will have Bubbles. You need bubbles. We need bubbles. This is a bubble. We need to bubbles. This is a bubbles level conversation. Oh man. So you wanna create uncomfortability going in. He needs to know how serious it is. Okay. This is not a manipulative power play.


It is a, we need to talk. It's time to define the relationship. Ah, because she says in this question, I am really concerned that we don't see eye to eye and I think I agree with everything you said. I just would put some seriousness on it. Okay. She's not a threat. Serious sauce. Yeah. She's Not manipulation. I'm just saying it needs to be, I don't know that we should be talking about getting married or No, no. I don't know. We shouldn't be talking about getting married. If we can't get this On Friday, we've gotta press pause on this. 'cause this will break us down the road. And this has nothing to do with my feelings for you. I think it's that serious. Okay, so let Me, I'm approaching this as if she were my daughter.


Okay. But here's, here's, let me push on this a little bit. There we go. This is why people show up. Let me push on this a little bit. Okay. I would be afraid because love goggles make you can make you change parts of yourself. Can you, and this is embarrassing, but gimme a real quick 15 second on what love goggles means. I think I know, but I'm not sure I've ever Used it. Love goggles are you see them and everything's perfect because you've got like these, you don't notice their back hair. Okay. You don't notice. Oof. You know the little things that you get married's, you'll start to notice. You know? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So You think she's got love goggles? Yeah, she did. She doesn't now. No, she doesn't. But my point is, if he has love goggles on, if she makes it feel like an ultimatum, then he might change some of his answers in order to get what he, and I'm not saying like maliciously or like, oh, I in a diabolical.


I'm just saying that you think Think he feels the pressure. Yes. The, because the truth is you are your best self when you're in your dating phase. You're your best. I agree. Like you, you're on your best behavior. And so he could be like, oh yeah, yeah, honey, you know, we don't have to do debt, dah, dah, dah, dah. So you think my approach help me. How is my approach not, how does she Then make it? Because I think if she makes it, I think if she just makes it a conversation and we're talking, she's more likely to get the real answer. But if she puts the stress of we need to talk, we need to define this relationship, then he could feel the need to be like, well, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No debt. No debt, that's fine, that's fine. But that may not be really where his heart is. That Just, I know. Okay, so, okay, so let's say I go with your approach.


I'm not there yet. Okay. Fair Enough. Let's say she has that conversation and, and then there's no real, there's no real outcome. Then I think she can ratchet it up. Oh, I see. I think I would Start. So you're okay with my, a little more casual. So you like my plan? You just aren't ready to, to push that button. Yeah. We're on, we're on like level two and you were coming in hot on like medium high. Alright, That's fair. and I and I. Listen, I can now say I understand that, but you know, I was truly coming at it from, If it's your Daughter, if it's my daughter and she's having this conversation, she says, dad, what would you do? I went, dad, I, I pushed the dad button. Everybody. Oh, Joe Jade, thank you for pulling me off of it a little bit. If it was my daughter, I'd be like, let me go talk to him. Oh, okay.


Hello. You just took me and said, hold my beer and I'm gonna, I'm gonna kick the door down. All right. Alright. Very good. But you get my point. Yes, I do. I do. I would say this. I think you said it well. And, and I wanna I wanna park it here. Okay. Can, can we park it? Yeah, that's a good, Because here's why you nailed it on the things that cause marriages to, to splinter and unfortunately break you. You gave a whole list. Yeah. Kids, faith, politics, money. Yeah. Yeah. And, and excuse me. And to that point, we have a lot of new people that are joining this program all the time. Yes. I'm, I'm, I'm parking it here because I think it's important that we share with people why this actually happens.


There are deep seated habits that come from beliefs, the environment on all of those issues. You could pick any of those issues. We're only talking money right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But when, when, when you have two, when you have two completely different value sets and you mentioned love goggles. Let's just talk about money goggles. Okay. If the two sets of goggles in a way you see money are so different, it literally can cause chaos in your relationship. True or false? Is that too strong of a statement? No, I think that's exactly right. How does it cause chaos? Well, you know, think about it. One is, let's, let's filter it through the question. She is a person, obviously a little bit more frugal.


She sounds like she's debt averse. She sounds like she understands the value of keeping your income every month. And that might be because it, all of that belief is because of how she's experienced the world up until this point. And then he's the opposite. I'm not saying he's a bad guy, I'm just saying that his beliefs are based on how he's experienced the world up until this point. And when you want somebody to change what they believe based on how they've experienced the world, that is a hard fought Very hard. That is a hard fought fight. Yeah. It's it's their default mode. It's their default mode. So you can, it's not just as simple as we'll change, well I gotta go back in and I gotta figure out how do I feel about this and what does that mean about me because I've always operated like this because of this.


So it's not just a surface level request. That's right. Hey, I don't wanna use debt anymore. Oh, okay. No problem. Like it's, it's never that. These are, and that's why I say when it comes to these money issues, we do say Ken, sometimes it might sound a little bit flippant. Get on the same page with your money. Yeah. And the point is, it's not a light switch that you just flip up. I agree. Or flip down one day. Yeah. It's a journey. I Agree. and I would say on all of those issues, I think all those issues should come up in premarital counseling. Can I just put that out there? Oh. But I certainly believe money ought to just press pause. Don't get married until you get on the same page with this stuff. I think you're gonna save yourself a ton of stress and, and and everything else.


My goodness. It's that important. So just a little relationship thing. Agree. We talk about this. Relationships and money folks, you just cannot untie those. They are tied together whether you like it or not. Sweet. So really good stuff. Alright. Quick break. Don't move more calls. They're all lined up folks. We're gonna get to 'em. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've been working the Ramsey plan and you've made real progress. But if something happened to you tomorrow, would your loved ones be able to access all the account info you've got stored on your computer, phone or even scraps of paper Knock box can help. That's knock box. NOK as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that organizes your important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place to help protect what you have worked for. So ditch the thumb drives and file cabinets and organize your digital and paper files with Knock box. You'll leave memories, not a mess. Get your family's knock box today@knockbox.com slash Ramsey. That's N OK box.com/ Ramsey.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman. Jade Warshaw is in studio with me. Triple eight, Eight two five five two two five. Thrilled to have you with us. We're here to coach you up. Let's go to Brandon in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Brandon How can We help today? So I just enrolled in an HSA this year and I'm wondering if it makes sense. Okay. I had a couple of a couple hospital visits pop up this year and I'm anticipating the same thing next year. Okay. So even with the compounding interest, if I'm spending thousands of dollars each year, does it make sense to still hold onto the HSA?


Well it depends. I mean, when you do know that you're gonna have qualified medical expenses, it could make sense to pay for them through the HHSA and in that way you're not, you're not taxed on that money. So that could make sense for you. So you're thinking about it more through the lens of your actual health purchases. You're not thinking about it as an investment vehicle, which a lot of our callers do. Correct? Well, no, I am looking at it as an investment vehicle. I'd like to have it, you know, in retirement. Oh, okay. Well in that case an HSA is a great idea. If you know that you don't go to the doctor much, if you're willing to have that higher deductible because maybe you know that you're not gonna meet it, that's, that could be great for you.


And then of course if you're thinking about it as a retirement vehicle, that's great. but it would not be my first choice. It would be what I would do maybe tertiary to a 401k or a Roth IRA and then I'd go in and do an HSA. Have you already maxed out those other options? I have not. Okay. So yeah, For that I've just been paying for everything out of pocket so far. Okay. So if we're looking at it through the, in the lens of strictly investing. Yeah. I'm starting with a 401k if I have it through my work, you know, start with that. If there's no match, you start with a Roth IRA first now for the use of, hey I want to filter some of my actual health expenses through this, then yeah, you could fund it up to the point of, yeah, I know that I'm gonna spend don don't know $3,000 on healthcare this year, so I'm gonna put that in there and then I'm gonna use that HSA to then pay for those expenses.


You could 100% do that, but I would not overfund it to the point of investing. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. So it's, it's set up weird where I have to have $2,000 in the regular HHSA and then everything above and beyond. Yes, I can invest. Yes. And if you, if you know, hey, at this point the $2,000 that are in there, I'm actually gonna use that on healthcare care costs this year. And this is a great funnel for it. Yeah. I'm all for that. But as far as you overfunding it to the point that you can then invest the rest, I would not do that until I've overfunded my 401k in Roth. IRA. Make sense?


Yeah. and I am, you know, giving the max up to the match for the 401k and I'm slated to max out the Roth IRA by the End of year. Okay, great. Good for you. Yeah. And if you do all three of those, you are what's known as winning at life. That's amazing. Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks for the call. Yeah, good call. By the way, speaking of winning at life, you drop tertiary out there. I wanna just give a little shout out to that. That's a great word. Tertiary. Yeah. Yeah. That's a word by the way. You figure out how to use that. Right. Drop that in a sentence this week you, you get a good brand at work. Okay. So there you go. Just call that out. Thanks for The call Out Ken Ken. I was impressed. Tertiary. Appreciate that. Yeah, very nice word of the day. Connor's up next in Boston.


Connor How, can We help? Hi Ken. Hi Jade. Hi. Love you guys. Thanks so much for taking my call. You bet. What's going on? All right, so my wife and I just got married. We're in the process of combining our finances and I basically have a retirement question. Okay. My question is, should we convert the money that we have in our traditional 4 0 1 Ks into Roth or should we just from this point forward, put money into the Roth 401k option? Okay. What baby step are you in? We're in baby step three B. We're currently renting and we're gonna be renting for the next couple of years because we're not gonna be in the city that we're in long term.


Yeah. I mean under How much do you have? Can I ask real quick? Yeah. How much do you have in your 401k? Yeah, so across my wife and my accounts, we have about 220,000 in there. Our household income is about the same. Okay. Okay, good. Very good. Typically we would wait until baby step six to make a rollover like that because the truth is you're gonna be on the hook for some taxes associated with that obviously. Right. And with the goals that you have up until this point, in this case, it's saving for a down payment. It could really eat into that goal that you have. So for this matter, you may, you know, yeah, I, from this point on, I would do Roth style.


That's what I would invest in, but I probably would wait to roll it over until you're ready to fit the tax bill and that it's, it's not gonna put a dent in your other very important goals. So yeah, you could wait till baby step six to do that. Okay, great. thank you very much. Absolutely. My question. Love, love that call. They're, they're rocking. Yeah. Love hearing that Spokane Washington near your birthplace, isn't That right? Ah, the city world. Hey, before we go to Spokane, okay, let me go back to that. 'cause somebody might be like, why do they wanna do that? What's the purpose? Ah, okay. Yeah, good call. So their, their 401k that they have now, they have not paid taxes on that money. Right. And what they're trying to set themselves up for is a situation that when they get into retirement, they can pull money and not have to pay taxes on it.


So if you do a Roth account, you're paying the taxes upfront so that when you're 59 and a half and older, you can pull money from that and you're not taxed on it. So most people would like to carry that burden now instead of waiting for later. So that's the purpose of that. And whenever you attempt to move that money that you have not yet paid taxes on it, well then you will have to pay taxes on it. Yeah, okay. Yeah, no good, good explanation there. I'm glad you did that. Alright, Randy's up in Spokane, Washington. Randy How, can We help? Hi Ken. Hey, I, I was recently let go in my mid fifties from an executive position making north of 200 grand a year. And since I'm completely debt free, everything and I have a pretty good nest egg set aside investment-wise, I'm thinking about making a career change.


But to start out, I'd be making maybe maybe 50 a year the first couple of years later on it, you know, it goes up. But it's something gets me out of the, the corporate stress and the hassle. I don't have to move. It's right down the road from my house that's completely paid for that. Does that sound weird? No, it doesn't sound weird given what you just experienced. I mean, when, when you lose a job like that, that is a, a real shot. We know from psychology studies that it's the equivalent of losing a loved one. So number one, I'm sorry that happened to you.


Number two, it's not weird for you to be thinking through this. My, my first question comes down to the transition phase. So financially, can you make ends meet, making this pivot to, to the $50,000 a year deal? And then how long would you have to live in that situation? Yeah, so I'm, I'm cash flowing it all out and I have access to about a quarter million dollars in cash outside my 401k investments, Roth, all that. So my thought is that while I learned this, learned this new career path, you know, maybe I, I pay myself three grand a month out of that month of cash that I have and you know, we just, we, So that's a Little bit more simpler than what we were doing before.


Right. So that's 36,000. Jade and I are keeping track of the money. So, so, and would that, would that then get you to a place where we've got margin if I, if you used 36,000 of the two 50 that you got set aside. That's what my, that's what my spreadsheets told me. Yeah. Okay. Now what is the, I'm just curious, what is this new path Being a surveyor. A licensed surveyor. Okay. And so how much would, is it, excuse me, is that a government job? Is that like accounting level state level or is it private? No, it's actually, it's actually, it's a, it's a little private company that they have their own law firm and you know, they run, run a little business.


Alright. And so 50,000 a year for how long before it goes up. And then what does it go up to? Probably, probably, probably the first couple years. And then, and then as you get more experience and you're running your own jobs and everything, it gets into 70, 80, 90 grand a year. Yeah. Well, But at that point it's just gonna be just just me and my wife. And you've got, and your investment situation. You started off the call saying your investment situation is good in this situation. I'm okay with this. I just wouldn't limit myself just to the, to the 50,000. I'd be doing some other stuff in the meantime. 'cause I really don't want to use any of that two 50 I've set aside. That would be my advice. If you love it and you can make that change, then I'm okay with it. It's not my favorite idea, but not a bad idea.


This is The, Ramsey Show.


Do you ever feel like you're finally making progress towards your goals only to get quickly distracted by something else in your feed? Well, that's why we created The Ramsey Network app. Your single source for content that keeps you motivated. The Ramsey Network app is designed to keep you laser focused on reaching your goals. Loaded with over 7,000 hours of Ramsey shows. This free app is the best place for uninterrupted content and no distractions. Plus you can search specific questions to get more personalized content in seconds. So for the days you need some extra motivation, you'll have proven advice at your fingertips. It's time to get serious about your goals and shut out the distractions for good. Simply search Ramsey Network in the App store or Google Play. If you're listening on a podcast, just click the link in the show notes to download our free Ramsey Network app today.


Welcome to The Ramsey show where we coach you to win in your life, specifically winning in your money or with your money winning in your work and winning in your relationships. The phone number for you to get coached up today is triple eight Eight two five five two two five. I'm Ken Coleman, Jade Warshaw is with me. And we're here for you. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. We'll start it off In the Motor City, Detroit, Michigan. Sarah is on the line. Sarah How, can We help? Hello? Hi, how are you? Hi. Good. how are you doing? Good. What can we help with? Well first of all, thank you for taking my call. I live you guys, you guys are absolutely amazing and help me so far.


What the challenge I'm facing now is I have $300,000 worth of debt and I just, I can't see a way out. Okay. I'm working three jobs and it just, it just doesn't seem to work. Wow. Well break it down for Jade here. So start off with your income through the three different jobs. Give us a range and then walk, walk her through your debt. My salary position I bring in 80. Oh, I'm sorry. My salary is 80. I gross. I'm sorry. I bring in 80 and then I net 55. Okay. When you take out tax insurance. And then I have a second job that I, I gross 40, but then I, I'm an independent contractor so I have to take out taxes and stuff. So I net about 30 to 35,000.


Good. And then I have another part-time job that brings in about 600 bucks a month. Okay. Okay. So 72 on the 85. So you're somewhere in that 92, 93 range with those numbers, is that right? Net? Yeah. I mean that sounds amazing, but that's, yeah. Yeah. But You can do something with that. Yeah. Dr. Jade is in today, so it's gonna be okay. I'm gonna pretend like you didn't say that. So the debt Doctor? No, The debt. Oh, okay. Okay. I'll think that the debt doctor, you know what I was doing? I didn't know where you were going. Sarah. Now that I know where he's going, you can do Surgery On this I can help you. There you go. So you're bringing in almost $8,000 a month, which ain't too shabby, but you've got $300,000 of debt.


So walk us through this debt. It's all student loans. Okay. Private, federal. I have $12,000 worth private. I will have those hopefully paid off by December. Good. The rest, the 300,000 is all government. Okay. What was it for? I'm just curious. I went to law school And are we practicing law? Yes. And that's the, that's the the number one amount of money you gave us. What kinda law are you doing? Yeah, I do estate planning, probate stuff. Gosh, it feels like we've got a path to be making a whole lot more than that. Am I right or are you feeling like you're capped out and why? No, you hit the nail on the head.


I, I've been looking on Indeed and stuff and I, I'm, that's actually the average pay for where I live and it's pretty, it's, it's hard to deal with 'cause I do feel that I earn should earn more, but it's, it's about average. Do you, is there anything keeping you tied to the Detroit area Family? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, All right. One other silly question, Jayden, and I'll get outta the way. No, I I I am curious with, with what you've done so far, is there a pivot or some type of additional legal work that you could do that would add to your income based on your current qualification or specialization?


So I got my real estate license about a year and a half ago. So that's my second job. Single. Yeah. I'm talking just the legal field right now. Well, the reason why I got a different type of job is I'm, I'm really burnt out practicing law, so I'm trying to expand on other things. So that's why I got my real estate license to help bring in more money. But that's extremely part-time. But I, I really wanna try to pivot out of practicing. I get it. But I'm gonna, and again, I'm, I'm about right. Hand it to you, Jade. No problem. But You got $300,000 in law school debt. I don't think you get the burnout yet. and I and I think that the greatest opportunity for you to make money is through your law, your legal work.


Yeah. You just don't have time to sell houses. That's a full-time deal. You know, so it's either or. It's like you go all in on selling homes and if, if you do that, then there's no limit to what you can make. But I, I'm just gonna make that point. You, you, you know, you gotta bring in some more income here 'cause 300,000 is doable. I'm gonna hand it over to Jade, Jade Walker through the, the process here. Okay. So the loans, did you consolidate them or are they single? Singular. They're single. Okay, good. They're singular. That's good. That's good. Okay. So as trite as this may sound, all we're doing is listing them from smallest to largest and we're paying minimum payments on all of them.


Hopefully. don don't know. Are you enrolled in any of the assistance plans? Are you in save plan or anything like that? The income driven payment? I've been on that for about 13 years. Okay. And is it gonna run out or do you still have time to be on it? I mean, honestly, I try to re-enroll and it takes months and months to get an answer. So I, I don't know. I'm kind of in limbo right now. Okay. What's your current payment for the, for the lot of them, I don't pay anything. Okay, Good. So here's what we do. The fact that your minimum payments are zero is a good thing for you right now because that means you can put the full strength of your income on the smallest debt and knock it out fast. I wish there was a way to tell you that there was an easy button here.


There's just not. And if you've listened to our show for any bit of time, you know, my husband and I had 280. Okay. And at the time we weren't making what to combined what you're making now. And so there's, there's a part of this that you have to just, you know, ride that income until the the debt is gone that, you know, once you have maxed out your money for your time and I don't know that you have yet. Ken. I agree with Ken. I think that you can do more to max out your time and get better money for it. But once you do hit that point, there is a point where you just go, okay, this is what I'm making and this is how long it's gonna take. And as I've said many times before, you gotta ride that horse to the old town road and just, that's what you gotta do.


And then when it's done, it's done. That song is gonna be in my head now all day. And I'm having you to thank for that. I'm kind of like, yeah. And I'm kind of like torn because I actually make more money selling real estate in half the amount of time versus my salary position. Of course I get that paycheck every two weeks. Well, What's that transition look like? 'cause I, that's what I'm getting at. Like if you get after and, and you could double, triple your income, then this is a game changer. Key Key word is consistently. Yeah. If you can do that consistently, then that's a great sign to Yeah. It's almost like what would have to be true for you to change your schedule, stock some money up or something to be able to then go, all right, I'm dropping one of these jobs, my gosh, you got more jobs, you know, than you, than you know what to do with right now.


So we gotta create some margin timewise, which means we gotta have some margin money wise. Right. Jade, you tracking it with me and I'm tracking with you. What, what does, what would it take for her to get to a place to where she can now go all in on real estate and that's gonna take a little bit of time to build that pipeline up? Yeah, I mean we're always looking for you to be able to re replace whatever your income was at its best. Right. And if you can do that consistently with real estate, I say more power to you. The weird thing about real estate though, is of its nature. It tends to be Yeah. Up and down. Yeah. What's the market like in Detroit area? It's slow. I get, I get consistent, at least my two listings and closings.


But it's a rollercoaster. Yeah. So, so you got it to Jade's point, we gotta factor that in the market determines what's going on in some degree. You don't just, you know, I'm gonna Tell you pay a shingle and it's, everybody wants to buy a house from Me. I'm gonna tell you, when you have this kind of debt, there is something to be said for being able to count on. I know what's coming in. I agree and I know what I'm doing with it. There's just kind of that momentum assembly line momentum Yeah. Assembly line that you can just, I'm cranking it out. I'm paying off the debt and this is temporary and when the time comes, you'll do what you love. Yeah, I agree. Full time. I, because of the market where it's at, I'm, I'm gonna go with Jade's, decide what you can do and lock in on it. And then if something changes, then the timeline changes.


But get that, that mindset for the climb, right? It's gonna take me a while to climb this mountain, but I will get there. Appreciate the call. You got this. Stay encouraged. This is The, Ramsey, Show.


Hey, good people. It's Delony. For my friends at Helix, the makers of what I think are the greatest mattresses in the entire world. I've slept on all types of mattresses. Cheap ones, really expensive ones, thin camping mattresses, you name it, I've slept on it. and I love Helix so much that now every single member of my immediate family sleeps on a Helix. And listen, everyone sleeps differently. And that's why Helix has lots of different mattress models to choose from. Each designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. They got mattresses for side sleepers, stomach sleepers, back sleepers, everyone. And Helix also has enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating at night. And if your spine needs some extra TLC, they've got you too. And Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping onto in your own home. So Helix offers a hundred night trial, plus all Helix mattresses come with either a 10 or 15 year warranty. I want you to get online and take the Helix sleep quiz. I did this and they matched me. And they'll match you with the perfect mattress for your sleep preferences. And it takes less than two minutes. And here's the best part, Helix offers our listeners 20% off all mattress orders. Go to Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. That's Helix sleep.com/ Ramsey. With Helix, better sleep starts right now.


Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here and I got a big announcement. I'm coming to a city near you, live on the Money and Relationships tour with Dr John Delony. This is the most interactive event we've ever done. You get to decide what we talk about. You do not wanna miss this. We'll be coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Phoenix, Fort Worth, and Kansas City in April and May of 2025. Get your tickets and more information at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour, Helping you win with your money, winning your work, and winning your relationships.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside Jade Warshaw.


Today's question today is brought to you by Why Refi. Private student loans are different than federal student loans like Sally Mae, but they can hurt just the same Why Refi refinances default. Its private, private student loans and builds a custom loan based on your ability to pay. So stop feeling the pain of defaulted private student loan debt. Go to Why Refi dot com slash Ramsey. That's the letter YREF y.com/ Ramsey. It may not be available in Allstate.


That's Right. Today's question comes from Dean in New Jersey. Hey, where can I find accurate market research on the salary of my current position and positions I'm considering in my field in making a case to my manager that I'm underpaid or looking at other job opportunities in the industry. What websites should I be looking at or should I talk to others in the same role? Being respectful and coming to my boss with accurate numbers is important for me, for obvious reasons. Yeah. Well, to avoid coming across, like I endorse any site, I'm not gonna give specific names, but this is very easy to look up. I would be looking at job sites. Okay. The, they're well known job sites that are all over the place. Can I say like, I don't know if Glass Door, indeed, I can see.


Yeah, that's where I would go. LinkedIn. Yeah, just pull up the research. And what you wanna do though is be very, very special. I love how you just jumped right into that. That was fantastic. You're welcome. But what, what I would do in this situation is I would make sure that I'm also doing the second thing that he asked. It's yes and yes. I would absolutely be talking to people in your area, in your field with similar skill and experience so that you get a, a real time situation. Now, here's the deal. Not all these people are gonna tell you what they make. That's What I was gonna ask Ken. So, so again, you could say to them, if you don't, they wanna tell you their situation. You say, Hey, I'm just curious based on my skill and experience, what do you think is, give me a range of what you think is market based value.


Then they will talk to you about that. 'cause then you can say, gimme a range. And they may say, and I'm making this up, 60 to 75. And they, because what you're asking for is, gimme a range, gimme a low to a high, And how, what's the interval of that range that you're looking for? Because you don't want 'em to give you a $30,000 spread, right? No, That's why it's high. I said that. Yeah. So you wanna say, gimme a low and then, and then you're asking questions and you can come up with your own number. But between the two things, the research and the feedback that you're getting, you can come up with a pretty good number. Now the the key thing that I wanna talk about is not so much the number because you can go out and get a number all you want to, but companies have budgets and this decision is rarely made directly by your superior.


Yes. It is very rare that you're just gonna go to your superior and it's all in their hands. Right? Right. So you need to, and so you know your situation in this case Dean. And so in that case, what you're gonna have to do is, is you can say, okay, I want to get to this number, but realistically, can my superior get me that number? And the answer's probably not. Which means you've gotta do as much as you can to help your superior make the case on your behalf. Right. And so what you're gonna do is you're gonna go get real market research that is, that is viable. You can verify it. You go in and go, Hey, I wanna get here. Okay. and I understand that that may or may not happen right away, but I'd really like to discuss a growth plan.


I never want somebody to go in and go, I just want to get to this number. What you wanna do is say, Hey, I want to talk growth. And, and so I want to talk about what I can do to get better. Gimme some areas where I can upskill. Gimme some areas where I have some blind spots. What if You already are there? Well, If you're already there, then you don't have to have that conversation. I'm saying on the skills but not on the money. Well, in that case, again, the growth plan is the way I'd wanna talk about it. 'cause now I want more responsibility. I see. Okay. Smart. Because you're ne you're never going just gimme more money. Right. I see, I see It. You've gotta give the leader a narrative. Yes. Got it. Okay. If in fact that I'm right and I and I, this is my supposition, that it's rare that the boss goes in and you go and they go, all right, yeah, lemme crack.


Let me, let me, let me move some numbers around. Right. I'll get back to you tomorrow. Right. That just Doesn't happen. Doesn't work like That. So in that case, we want to create a narrative where it shows some hunger, some humility. I want more responsibility. And and with more responsibility, can we measure that and and those results And and then can we tie that to comp? Love it. That's different than saying, Hey, I did some market research. I'd like a raise. Yeah. Yeah. You can't come in guns a blazing Like that. That's my take. and I like the same conversation. It's just we're not putting that leader in the defensive posture. 'cause then that never works out. So that's, that's my rule of thumb. I'm with it. Back to the phones. We go triple eight, Eight two five, five two, two five. Amy's on the line in San Francisco.


Amy How can We help? Oh hi. I called because I don't know what I guess my moral and obligations are as a, as a daughter, I am a middle child and I know that my parents gave my two sisters 40,000 more than me. But I also know that from like past experiences that I'll be the one that's more expected to be there for them when they get older. And when my aunt gets older and when my grandma is older too because I'm close by. But I just can't help to feel it's unfair that I have to work harder because if I had the same amount of money, I would just be investing in it and not have to work as hard as someone that got significantly more than me.


40 k more for, what are you talking about? 40 k more for what is this inheritance? Is this college? Why was this given out? It was Whatever we needed. And my little sister used it for her down payment for her home. I used it for down payment on my studio. And then my sister, I think she invested it in stock. But you're saying they got more money than you. Yeah. What did you get total 60. What did They get? And they got a hundred. Yeah. And you're the middle child and you feel in some type of way. Yeah. Was this the same time I do? No, it was different times. That's the thing. So my little sister, her historically has made more so she was able to buy a home sooner than me and my big sister.


So she got that money first. Obviously my mom, you know, and then my ex sister and I got 60,000 kind of in the same time. And then I know she got another 40,000. Okay. and I remember I, I found out, you know, just in the hearing conversations like, oh, then I am, I'm like my 40,000 too. I know. Stinks Stink. Did you ask, well lemme ask, lemme ask you this. When you received the monies, did your parents say, and you're gonna get this and they're gonna get that? Was there any conversation from the parents or you found out about what they got through the grapevine? Basically, I think I found out through the grapevine it was, she never sat us all down and said, I'm gonna give you each a hundred thousand.


No. It was kind of like, oh, my little sister got hundred thousand. And then I found out Like My big big sister got her full. And then when I asked for like, Listen, hold, hold it Amy, you are, you are a Lay's potato chip. You are so salty and I get it. I, well, first of all, I know exactly. I understand. I I I get what you're laying down. So we only have, we only, we only have about two minutes. So is your what? Oh, because I wanna address what you said. I didn't hear a direct question in there. So I wanna make sure that we, I think I know where you're going with this, but what's the question? My question is, I feel like when they grow older, I am You don't the one that needs to take care. You don't more of them because I live in San Francisco.


No, but I'm made to feel that way. That's not your problem. I thought that's what it was. 'cause you said that earlier. Yeah. So I'll be, I'll be quick. I want Jay to jump in. I, there's two things going on here. One I'm sure of the other, I think the one I'm sure of is your parents exercise. Poor judgment. I don't care what their reasons are. I think they're very nice people, but they just exercise poor judgment because of how this thing has played out. and I and I also, whatever's going on, I believe you that when you say they make you feel like you're gonna have to be the one that takes care. That's the thing I'm sure of.


That sucks. And that's not on you. And you've gotta shed that. The thing that I think is going on, and this will be my transition to hand it to Jade for her take, I think you're codependent and I think that you've built up some of this in your mind too. Like you're the one that has to take care of 'em. 'cause you're more responsible than the other sisters. Ah, these studio audiences agreeing with me, which tells me I might be right. I you're on money, but you gotta release both. You Gotta release mo both. Yeah. They can put something on you or you can put something on yourself about what the future holds. But what actually happens is up to you and your obligation is to you and your family. And if your parents had the money to give you all $240,000, then they should be able to take care of themselves.


And if your do, if your sisters were gifted a hundred thousand dollars, they should be able to take care of themselves. And that's the truth. And the rest, like Ken said, you're gonna have to let it go because that resentment in your heart is six. It's sickness to your body. So you gotta let it go. Maybe watch the movie Frozen Tonight and sing the song from a different perspective. Might help. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. October is the season for wearing costumes and masks. But let's be honest, a lot of us hide our true selves behind a mask in costumes all the time. We do this at work, we do this with our friends, with our families. We even do this with ourselves. I've been there multiple times in my life when I'm not being my true self. And it's the worst. If you feel like you're stuck hiding your true self, I want you to consider talking with a therapist. Therapy is a place where you can be honest with yourself so you can take off the costumes and take off the mask and learn to live an authentic life. If you're considering therapy, I want you to contact BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy. You can talk with your therapist anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. You just fill out a short online survey and you get matched with a licensed therapist. Plus you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Take off the costumes and take off the mask with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/delony.


I think we'd all agree that it's a lot harder to run a race if you don't know where the finish line is. But nearly half of all Americans have no idea how much money they'll need to retire with dignity. If you're ready to stop hoping for the best and start planning for your future, then check out the Smart Ster program. A smart Vestor Pro can teach you everything you need to know to get in the driver's seat of your own financial future. Connect with a pro at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash smart ster Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions


dot com slash smarts. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside the budget queen herself. Did you like that? I like the debt doctor. The debt doctor. Okay. Well you can just pretty me. We can keep going. Oh yeah. Okay. But speaking of which, one of the things we've been doing lately on the show, and this is so practical, we've got Philip on the line in Little Rock, Arkansas. Let's bring him on. Philip, how are you? I'm doing well sir. how are you doing? Good. Are you ready for a budget breakdown with Dr. Warshaw over here? Yes Sir. All right, take it away. Sorry that can took that to the next level. Okay. Of well that's what I do. Okay, so Philip, let me just set it up for the audience because what we asked is for people to send us their budget, you know, 'cause starting a budget for the first time can be tough and you don't know all the factors to it.


And so we wanted to give people a little leg up here. And so Philip, you sent us the budget. 32 years old, little Rock, Arkansas. You're single. Yeah. It's just you. Yes ma'am. Okay. And so what do you do for a living? I'm an actually school teacher, band director. Be exec. Okay. So band director, you're making 51,000 a year? Yes. Yes ma'am. But you're taking home 3,191. Yes ma'am. Okay. So your goals that you told me, you said, okay, my goal is I wanna save three to six months of expenses. I wanna get out of debt and I wanna purchase a car. but it looks like there's a decent amount of debt that's standing in your way according to my screen.


You've got $69,589 in all one student loan. Is that right? Yes ma'am. Okay. So that being said, I was able to take a look at your budget and we're gonna kind of go through some areas where we think that you can find some savings and some ways that we think that you can kind of get your, your head, your head and your money around this student loan. Yes ma'am. Okay. So let's go through this. First off, are you, did I ask you, are you investing at all? Not at the moment, no ma'am. Okay. Not investing. And can I ask you about your tax return? Because those are the areas where we're usually able to free up a little bit of money. When you get your tax refund every year, what does it look like?


Sometimes I think a max I've got was like 1200. Okay. So I would say there might be some room in there that if you adjust your withholding, you can get that money back in your paycheck. 'cause I, the idea is for you to break even, maybe you pay a hundred dollars. Right. As opposed to be getting, getting back money because that's money that you could have had throughout the whole rest of your budget. A hundred dollars a month. So that's something. So that's the first thing I do. I'd probably check out my withholding there and make that adjustment. But let's kind of go through this, this budget here and they're gonna bring it up on the screen. So your rent is looking good. $535 for rent, electricity, fine.


Internet looks good. Gas looks good. Let's look at groceries. $120 for groceries. What are you Eating? Not much. Nah, I do a lot of cooking 'cause I, I'm dating and so my lady, she likes to cook, so Okay. I would, yeah, but I, I would do a lot of cooking for her. Yeah. But To, to Jade's point, what are you cooking? Yeah, that's only 120 bucks. You got some meat in the freezer? Yes sir. Oh, But don't get that dollar store meat because that's, that's sketchy. Okay. Dollar Store meat and the commercial break. I need more Information on that. They sell. Okay. Groceries one 20. You are killing it. That's amazing. Restaurant's $40.


If you really wanted to go ham on this, you would knock that back. Don don't know what that means. It just means to really go hard actually. Oh, okay. Yeah, I actually hardly eat out and when I do eat out, He's just cooking for his lady. Yeah. We do most, I do more cooking than anything. Okay, Good. Keep doing that. Phone bill. $80 again, can't get much better than that. And it, you're, you're currently paying $0 on your student loans, I'm guessing you're on a save plan, something like that. I love that you're giving And then there's $2,000 in your emergency fund over here, which is pretty good. So that also shows me another thing you could do, you know, we say a thousand dollars while you're in debt is enough and so you could immediately throw that additional a thousand onto your debt.


My question about the student loan, did you consolidate it until one? No ma'am. Actually this student loan is not, my first payment is not due to December, 2025. So I kind of wanted to get ahead on the game, get a plan started so I can go ahead and get that out because my goal I don wanna get that out in two years. Yeah. So, So I want to get ahead of the game. Okay. But no, that's all one loan. So the way to get ahead, I mean, currently with your existing income and with the fact that you've got $1,800, so if you look at the top of the budget there, all the way up here, his margin is showing 1,830 1008, $1,831 of margin. I mean, you and I can do the math on that and say if you do that on the student loan, it's gonna take you quite a while to pay it off.


Right, right. And so the key is we gotta bring in some margins. So are you doing anything as a side hustle? No, I'm actually been putting in get some second jobs working so I can go ahead and we knocking this out. Okay. But no, Well if, if I were you, I, I suggest everyone do a side hustle. They need to be making at least $500 extra a month. Yeah. But for a guy like you, if you can find a way to bring in basically another, like you said, part-time job, if you can pull in $2,500 a month, if you can pull in $3,000 a month doing another second job that is gonna cut this down to a two year window for you. Yeah. What do you do or what have you done?


Tell us a little bit about your professional background. Well, I recently course got certified 'cause I've been teaching school for a little minute. Been, you know, on and off in different places. I dealt with Amazon. I used to work at Amazon. Originally left Amazon to go teach school and that's kind of where it's been from there after college has been getting into the school system. Okay. What were you doing at Amazon? At Amazon? I, I was in a store, in store session section. I was a store there, then I moved up to learning Ambassador. Okay. What were you making? That was like what I think what?


40 30? 30 30. 30 something 30. Okay. A full-time teacher right now in the public school system? Yes, sir. Okay. What are you making? I I missed that. I'm sorry. 51,826. Yeah. I wonder if the tutoring or I'm, I'm just trying to, to, to give you some ideation here on, you know, I like Jade's suggestion here. Like what would have to be true? Or in other words we could say it this way, what could you do to make an additional couple grand a month? and I'm wondering if tutoring or some type of training instruction you got all this background in as, as a teacher. You know, I wonder if you could get some part-time hours doing some type of training or something. I I would just be looking in that direction.


You're an instructor and to the extent that you could get some of that contract work, that's where you could stack up some, some decent money. That makes sense. Yes, sir. So let's look at this in, in terms of real numbers, I'm just kind of trying to do some rough math over here. So right now, with your margin $1,831 a month over the course of the year, that's almost $22,000 that you would pay off from this debt, which means you'd be debt free in about three years. But if you do what Ken and I are saying, it would give you, if you added $2,500 to your budget, that would give you $4,331 of margin.


And over the course of a year, that's $52,000. You see where I'm tracking? Yes Ma'am. And so this, this is huge. So, you know, I'm not saying tomorrow you're gonna wake up with $2,500 in margin, but let's start 500, a thousand, 2000 and let's stair step this up to get to where you want to get because that's suddenly, that's not a, that's not a big pill to swallow anymore. No. It's, it's very, very doable. Are you feeling that momentum? Yes sir. I've been feeling that for, for a minute. I've been back and forth. You supposed to talk with my pastor about things. I'm like, pastor, I'm ready. I'm ready to go. It's gotta you gotta get there. I know. That's right. And what'd your pastor say?


He said, well, yeah, he said that. He said, you a single guy. He said, faith without actions is dead. Go do It. Right. Wow. When the student is ready, the teacher appears. That's right. I think Jade did a wonderful job, Philip. We're very excited for you. I I think this is all about intentionality and I'd add some intensity into this. I think you could be making more money. That's right. I'm with Jade on that. That would be my number one. Let's go Philip Cheer is let's go make some more money and speed this timeline up. That's right. That's what I like about that. He's Got three acts of homework. And these are probably homeworks that apply for you too. If you've got additional money sitting in savings that's above a thousand dollars, you need to put it towards your debt. Number two, you need to check out your withholding.


If you're getting a tax refund, that's money that could be back into your monthly cash flow. And then finally, are you side hustling? 40% of Americans are side hustling because they know we need this extra money in our budget. Yeah. And so that includes you two America. Look out there and see what you can get. Try to put $500, a thousand dollars, $2,000 back in your budget and see what it does. And don't forget another piece of advice she just dropped in there earlier. Stay away from the dollar store meat. Ooh, I need to learn more. This is The Ramsey, Show.


I know you work hard for your money and the key to keeping more of it in your pocket is by making a plan for your spending with a budget. And EveryDollar is the budgeting app that I use personally because it's perfect for looking EveryDollar you make and it's little president face and telling it exactly where you want it to go. Just like you told that guy in traffic exactly where you wanted him to go. And even better EveryDollar walks you through the entire budgeting journey so you always know your next right step. Download EveryDollar for free in the App store or Google Play today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. So excited that you're with us. I'm Ken Coleman and I'm joined by Jade Warshaw. You learn something new every day. So learning a lot. Learning a lot on today's show. Good. Thanks to Jade. She's, she's getting me to be more and more culturally relevant. Apparently I'm very irrelevant, which I'm increasingly aware of. That's All right. Ken. That's what I'm here for. That's why you're there. I need to hang out with cool people like you. So there we go. Hey folks, time is running out to book your cabin on the Live Like No One Else Cruise Setting Sale. March 22 to 29. 2025. Anybody in the lobby going on the cruise? Oh yeah. Oh really? Oh, oh wow. People, Several people. Oh fantastic. Well this is fun.


This is not your average cruise. It's a premium Caribbean cruise. Turks and Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Thomas and The Bahamas. Holland, America's new Stada ship, incredible restaurants, great content including all of the Ramsey personalities. You got the pools, the hot tubs, the fitness center and pickleball courts where I will be the resident, whatever, cheerleader, pickle man instructor. Oh geez. And so it's gonna be a lot of fun. You don't wanna miss this Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. It's gonna sell out Ramsey Solutions dot com slash cruise. We'd love to see you there. And I'll tell these fine folks that are in there in the lobby right now.


I am going to, I'm gonna have some cruise, some cruise outfits, if you know what I'm saying. I'm gonna have the, the topsiders, I think kind of the preppy sailor look maybe. Okay. A couple of times. You're for Fun. You're giving me Gilligan's Island. I'll wear a Gilligan hat. Skipper Vibes. Yeah, yeah. No, not Skipper Gilligan's. More my speed. Really? The red shirt with the white collar? No, put that little, the, the, the bucket hat. I think I can Pull off. Oh, okay. Okay. I was about to say his. Yeah, I think I can pull the bucket hat off. We'll see. Depends if the hair's long or not at that point. Alright. Alright. We'd love to see you on the cruise is gonna be fun. Now Dave. Dave on the skipper hat. That's what people wanna see him rolling around the deck on a with a skipper hat on. Oh gosh.


So I'm not gonna say what I wanna say. Let's move on. Well, I don't think I want to now I feel like Okay. During the break and then I'll decide if we can bring that back up. Okay. Okay. We'll run it by James as well. Annie is up in Boston, Massachusetts. Annie How can We help? Hi. So I have kind of an unusual question. Question. Recently my husband inherited some money and we started calling it our money. But when it came time to decide where this should go, he kind of, let's say put his foot down and decided that it should be invested as opposed to paying down our mortgage.


How much money? And So the total that would've eventually invested was about 140,000. Okay. We are on technically step six looking to, we are debt free. Our kids are all set with their five 20 nines and there's money set aside elsewhere. We're don, we're contributing to our 4 0 1 Ks and our Roth. How much do you guys have invested or how much did you have invested? Well, I I, let me stop for a second. Have you already invested the one 40 or is this just something he said This is what we're going to do.


So he we did it. You already did. It's It's, it's in there. and I I disagreed. I wanted to pay down the mortgage and I, I'm just struggling with that. No, I get it. Like I so we'll get that in a second. So lemme just ask, He kind of need that without me. Sure. Can you tell me what that looked like when you said he put his foot down and what did that look like? Did that look like him going and doing that without telling you? Tell us how that Happened. No, we, we definitely did it jointly. I'm not a fighter so I said I'd really love to put it towards the mortgage and he said, well I'd really love to invest it. And then we looked at each other and he goes, so we're investing it. Right. And you know, he, and that was, that kind of like trumped me a little bit.


And that How Long ago was that? This was about two weeks ago. All. So real quick before we get into that, hold On one sec. Everything's Good. Alright. So, well here's what I wanna know. We'll get into that in a second. 'cause this is a relationship issue, not a money issue, but I'm just curious. Yeah. How much, how much was in the retirement accounts before you put the one 40 in? So there is a separate investment account that we started. So in his 401k, his retirement account, he has about 450,000. Okay. I have about 250,000. We're just at different contribution rates.


That's, and he's a little bit older Than me, so. That's right. And how, how old is he and how old are you? He is 53 and I AM 46. Okay. So you guys were at about 600,000 in your, your separate accounts and now we created a separate investment fund with the one 40 in it. Is that correct? Correct. How much is, we have both of our names on it. Right? How much is left on the house? About 300,000. Yeah. Okay. Well Jade, the reason I'm asking all these things is I just think all we can provide here is perspective number one because this is a relationship issue. You guys are, you guys are in great shape. I can see, I I will say this. I can see why he did what he did.


I can too, and I can also see why you wanted him to put it on the house. Yes. You're almost cutting it in half. Yeah. Fi financially speaking, nothing is broken. No, not at all. 'cause this decision was made That's right. On either if you guys had put it towards the house, yes. That's in keeping with the baby steps. And that's what I would've advised you to do by investing it. Nothing broke. You guys are in a, a great situation to Ken's point, this is, this is a relational thing. It didn't sound like it didn't sound malicious the way you talked about it. It felt a little dismissive. But if I might add, I think it might was dismissive on both ends. I think that he dismissed you when you initially brought it up, but I also think you dismissed yourself if you didn't bring it up again more intently.


So, so for that reason, I do think it's let let's, let's figure out what's at the core of both of those sides. I, I agree. And, and maybe it's because technically the inheritance was to him, so I I almost felt as if like, okay, well you know, his opinion should matter just a little bit more. I could see That than mine. I, You know what I mean? I can totally understand that. Yeah. But I, 'cause It can, I'm not saying that's right, but I can understand your way of thinking. Is he opposed to paying the house off? No, but I don't think he under, like I have a different urgency.


He wants to retire in eight years and I'm only making two extra. I I sound like a snob when I say this and I'm very sorry. I'm only making two extra mo payments on our mortgage every year. Okay. and I feel like we could do more to pay off the mortgage so that I wouldn't have a mortgage. Right. And I think, retire think that's the conversation when I say that this is a relational thing. I agree with Jade. I think you gotta go back to him and go, hey, well first of all two things. Number one, I think I love that you called us and I love that you admitted that you're resenting him right now. I I think that's important that you are expressing those feelings and I'm guessing you've expressed that to him and I think you should, I really think you should say, Hey, I'm struggling with this and I'm resenting you and don don't want to and I think we gotta get together, whether that's with a therapist or a pastor or if you two have a great relationship, this is just a, this is just a chill conversation.


It's not a big fight because you as, as Jade said so beautifully, nothing's broken here other than Yeah. Feelings are hurt and I think most of the feelings are on your side and I think you gotta address that. So here's what I would do. I would say I understand what you did. I need to get this out, but I want you to understand why I am resenting and what's going on underneath this. I'm not gonna resent you anymore, but I need you to know that I'm fearful. I'm fearful. Yeah. With this mortgage hanging over our head and not being gone eight years from now. When you plan to retire, can we please talk through this? I just need you to know why I am feeling what I'm feeling. Jay, do you agree? Yeah. I think that's the approach here. Yeah. I think you, yeah, 100%.


I think Ken covered it and just based on the way you're talking about it, I do think that you probably stepped lightly, maybe a little too lightly. I agree. Yeah. And, and yeah, this is the truth is you are in a marriage. It what's his is yours and what's yours is his. And you both get to make this decision together. That is the truth. And a healthy marriage. That is the way that should work. That's a good point. And so are you Going anywhere, Annie? You going anywhere? Are you gonna leave him? No. Is he gonna No. God no. Is he gonna leave you? No. Okay. I know that was, I know you're chuckling, but do you know why I asked that question? That's the perspective you gotta take off this call. We're in this Yeah. For the long Haul.


Yeah. This is just a little Hiccup. We're, we're, we're gonna be. Okay. So, But there was no wrong answer, Right? No, There was no, no, no, no, no, No. Nothing messed you up. You're still on a course to succeed. You are gonna pay the house off and the intensity level is determined by the two of you When you have that conversation. Yeah. Thank you for the call Annie. You're a good lady. This is The, Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on The Ramsey Network app. Right. All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play Store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen, you can watch the rest of today's show. Ba bing. Bye B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.