
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app, start budgeting for free today.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. The phone number to jump in today is Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alongside the incomparable, the fabulous, the wonderful Jade Warshaw. I'm Ken Coleman, and we're here for you. Jade's gonna help you today on how to save that money, budget that money, and I'm gonna help you on how to make more of the money. And we weigh in. We always have a good time. You never know what we're gonna agree on or disagree on. It's quite exciting. I love it. It's a bit of potpourri, I like to say. Okay. Okay. And you never know, you know, just a never wonder, wonderful little Bowl of a may launch.


Yeah, that's right. We're gonna start it off with George in Riverside, California today. George, How can we help you today? Hello. So I've been talking to my wife about whether we should pay off our vehicle or just save our money in the bank. We have about $32,000 in our savings account, and then we have about 30, we still owe about 35,000 into our CRV. We bought the vehicle because we wanted a bigger car because of our, you know, growing family. And the car that we had previously was just too small.


So that's where I'm currently at. I don't know whether I should just pay it off in full or should I just keep on making my, my payments each and every month. Is that your only debt? That's my, aside from my mortgage. Okay. Yeah. You know, let me see if I can frame this in a different way. I mean, we're always gonna tell you to pay off the debt, right? That's, that's kind of what we're known for around here. Maybe the why behind the, what will kind of help you get your head around it is, is that what it is? Like why would I do this? Yes. So for me, whenever I'm looking at debt, I am viewing debt synonymously with risk, right?


There's always this risk. As long as I have payments, as long as I have debt, there's always a risk hanging over my head and hanging over my shoulders. So in this case, it's $35,000 that you're sitting on. And if something were to happen tomorrow, let's say tomorrow the worst happened, you lost your job, or you got laid off, or you fell off the curb broke your leg, and you couldn't Go to work, right? Suddenly you would feel the weight and the risk of this C rv. Is that correct? Correct. Yeah. 'cause what's the payment? Every single month It's $600, $600. And not only would you feel the risk and the weight of that $600, but then your brain would start doing real math and you'd go, hang on a second, I don't actually have $32,000 saved.


I'm actually in the whole $3,000. Right? Correct. So that's kind of, it's easy on this side when everything is good and, you know, coming up roses to think of it and not, and not think of the debt. But when you play it out on both sides, which is wise thinking, then you suddenly realize, oh man, like this is, this is actually more of an imposition than I thought it was. So for that reason, I would reach over and I would pay this debt off. I'd keep a thousand dollars to the side like we always do, just so you've got that starter emergency fund, I'd pay off the rest of it, the, the remaining 31,000 onto the C rv, and then cash flow and pay off the rest. And then without that $600 payment can, how quickly could he save up that three to six months nest egg again?


You know, Again, very quickly and, and what the difference is, now you're on the other side of the debt. And I think it's a nerve wracking thing, Jade, when we hear from people that say, I've got all this money in savings, and do I empty it? Yeah. And again, that's the wrong mindset. It's not that I'm emptying my savings, it's that I'm, I'm paying off a car that I've been in massive debt for, and now all of a sudden you can build up and you'd be surprised how you can make your way through what we call the emergencies of life. Yeah. You can maneuver your way through until you build up that emergency fund. So I, I agree with Jade, you're asking what would we do? What should you do? And yeah, I, I think you knock the car payment out and just think about how life changes when you don't have that car payment.


Not To mention the interest, you know, you're saving on the interest rate, you know, by paying it up Early. So that's another, that's another good thing for the mindset there, because I'm gonna tell you something, the psychology's real, George, when you think about emptying the savings account, that's real. Yeah. Yeah. You know, to this day, I've said this before, Jade, I've got a, a, a, a large emergency fund. I try to never use it. Oh. Because you feel like, you feel it, even you Have to, you know, have it. Yes. And it's there for that reason. Yes. And we, yeah, we know that. And and my first reaction is, All Right, Cece, this happened, so yeah. Let's let's figure out what we're moving around. Exactly. Exactly. And I think that can serve as a, a big motivator here once you've paid off the debt to Hurry up and stack it back up.


That's right. Because the truth is it does give us peace to have money in savings, but let's make sure it really is our money. Yeah. That's in savings. And it's not until the debt is gone. That's Right. Great, great point there. Let's Go to George from one George to another. George Portland, Maine is where he is. George, How can we help? How you doing? I have, I'm 64 years old. I'm gonna be retiring at 67, and I have 300,000 and a 401k, and I'm putting 15% a week into that. I have about 120. Yes. Okay. I have about 120,000 in the bank.


My, my question is, I have, I have no debt. I'm debt free. Okay. Other than my mortgage, I own two homes. One of 'em is paid off. My question is, is I've stayed out of the market. I've been adverse to the risk, and I've completely missed this whole time where the market's going up and setting records, second records. But now I'm to the point where even in my 401k, I'm not really making any money on the money. Why? And, you know, I was, well, it's in, it's in some kind of stable fund. Is it through my work Like bonds? It's really not making like Bond funds, I guess. Yeah. Oh, Okay. I think so.


Yeah. But, but it's not really making any money. I'm not losing any money, but I'm not making any money, So, oh gosh. That's unfortunate. What, what? Yes, it Is. When did you realize that? Because I was wondering about that. 'cause you said, oh, I've, I've missed out on this, you know, this historic time or whatever. I'm like, how did you miss out? You've got 300,000 sitting in a 401k. So when did you realize that the return on it is poor? Well, I guess I pulled it, I pulled it out of the market, I don't know, five or six years ago. Oh, You pulled it Out. And I never got, I pulled, yeah, I pulled the money out because I got nervous and I never put it back in. So Where is it now? It's, It's, it's in my employer's 401k program.


I understand. But it's gotta be invested in something. It doesn't just sit there. Oh, it's in, it's in a stable value fund, but it's not Earning anything. Got you. Got you, got you. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All Right. So what, let me, let's, let's run this back. So we've got the four, the 300,000 sitting there. It's not, the return is to, you've got 120 K sitting in savings that's liquid, right? And then you've got these two houses. So I have something that I wanna say about the 401k, but what's your question today? What, what, and, you know, knowing that I'm adverse to the risk personally, what should I put this money into in the 401k and my savings? What can I put it into that's gonna earn me some money?


Doesn't have to be a lot, but some money without. Well, we Got, we've got about 40 seconds here. So here's, yeah. Drop that advice on It. Yeah. There's no reason to be risk averse. What we talk about here, which is four types of mutual funds growth, growth in income, aggressive growth in international. That's about your most middle. I mean, that is about the most conservative thing that I could tell you to put your money in. You're equally spread. Your risk is spread out. And that's the way I invest my money. That's the way Ken invest his money. It's the way Dave RAMSEY invests his money. So we're not telling you to do anything that we wouldn't do. I would do that. I would get with a smart investor pro. We'll put the information there in the show notes, and I would make that move today. You have missed out my friend on a lot of growth and I hate that for you.


But today's a new day to get started and get into it.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it. But we were able to dig ourselves out. And you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes. And if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness. Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for auto pay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


All Right, let's Go to James. Right here in our neck of the woods, Nashville area. James, How can we help today? Hi, how you doing? Good. I was wanting to ask a question about two years ago. My wife and I decided we had had enough of the debt and what you'd call, I guess, the chase of trying to keep up with credit and all that. Yeah. So we decided to start paying everything off. We have our house, of course that's still, we're still paying on that. But we had a car on a loan and we had credit card debt. The car in the loan together was somewhere around 45,000, something like that. We've got the card down to 5,000. Now the credit cards was about 25 to 28,000. But just before we heard Dave RAMSEY and we went with a company called National Debt Relief.


Ooh. And we're trying to get out of that. Yeah. Because they pretty much lied to us. They said that it's going to charge us so much for what the settlements were, and then we find out it's so much on the original cost. So by the time it's said and done, we're paying the same amount we had before. Maybe more. Can I get out of that? Can't, that's the question. Have you kind of done some due diligence to find out what it would take to get out? I mean, how much have you paid into it so far? We've been paying for two years now. What we have agreed, we started with that 27 and we agreed, it says that we've got everything settled, but then not counting what we're paying the payments on. Yeah. Yeah. But, But what's not settled is about 8,000. But if you go with the payments and everything, we're still at about 15,000.


Yeah. So if I just cut 'em off, 'cause I paid a couple off, but I still have the rest to go. So, and It was costing us 400 and $460 a month for that. And how much of that is actually going to it? Do you know? It's supposed to be 75% and they get 25%. Listen, I mean, I would get outta something like that because you don't need them to pay your bill. Like you could have done all that yourself. You could have made a deal, you could have consult. You know what I'm, do you know what I'm saying? I do. I've learned, I've learned since I've been listening to the show this past year. So when you call 'em up, I've Learned when you call 'em up and say, Hey, I don't want to do this deal anymore. I wanna get out, what do they say?


They tell me says, well, that'll be your choice, but the money you've already paid in, that'll be up to the creditors. If they get, they actually apply that to your debt or not. And if not, then I was like, well, where's the money go? Well, they get to keep it. And I was like, huh. They can't just keep the money if I've already paid so much one in particular, which I've paid on them for 18 months now. Well, how, how much is that on their, How much of it is in question? So let's say in total, did you say you paid 15,000 and in total? In total, I'd say I paid about half. Okay. That's actually went to the creditors. Okay. So I paid off two cards completely. One was 3500, 1 was 2200, and we still have a couple cards it's not even been made a deal on yet.


That's not even been touched yet Then. Yeah. Then I I 100% we it out. You might feel a loss on this, but over time it's gonna be a greater loss if you don't get out now. So if you've paid 13, well, if you've paid 13,000 on this, which you said is about half, and you said that's about right. And out of that, what, basically what I'm asking, I wanna make this clear. So of the 13,000 you've paid, you're saying that some of it obviously has gone to them in fees, but even out of that, none of it's actually gone towards the debt. Is that what you're saying? You're still p paying into a pool? Well, I'm paying into a pool. I've paid off two cars. Those are done. And then I have two more. They haven't even touched that. I have one that they're ma or two that they're making payments on.


One of 'em is a small one, but one was a big one. It was like 12, 13,000. And supposedly I've paid half of that off. And the reason I want to get out, one reason is I found out that I could have done this differently. Yes. But I also don't wanna end up in court. How, what happens if they sue you? 'cause we had one that tried, but we got 'em paid off. You're not, they're not gonna sue the creditors, aren't gonna sue you. Essentially what they did is they, your loans went into default. You didn't pay them. And they've taken the money and pooled it. And then they've offered those folks a deal and said, Hey, now that this is very far into, into for default and very far delinquent, let's make a deal. Which is basically what you would've done. And now they have full control over your money to say, Hey, you know, if you wanna get out of this.


And that's why they're giving you the runaround. And that's what you've learned is that you could have done this yourself. Oh. Only you might have been able to do it without like totally wrecking your credit. That's the thing with these places is Yeah. 'cause we we didn't miss one payment until they told us to miss payment. Exactly. And they just took and pulled that money and then they offered a deal. And so now that's why you're feeling like, Hey, if I get out of this now, can they sue me? They could. They probably won't because you have control of this. Now, once you get out of this debt relief thing, you'll have control of this. You'll be able to pay them off. You'll be able to call those same creditors and say, Hey, here's what I did. That's not what I wanted to do. Let's just make a deal and pay this off. And you'll be able to do that. So they're gonna, well, the debt relief company is gonna try to make it scary for you to get outta this deal.


Go back and look at your contract and see what it's really gonna take and just get out of it. And you're gonna lose well's trying to, you're gonna lose some skin in the game. Yeah. You're gonna lose a little something in this. But I think I'm gonna gain more in the wrong run, aren't I? 100%. Absolutely. You're fine. 100%. Yeah. What about the money? I've already paid to the one because I paid 18, I mean 18 months worth, which is about half Paid. It's still paid. The creditor still received it. The balance has still gone down. So that's, that's been paid. Your balance is not gonna suddenly shoot up because they're two separate companies. You've got the debt consolidation entity that's holding a, a small pool of your money. Then you've got the actual creditor who is accepting the money. And once that's been accepted, that's the balance. Is the balance.


If that makes sense. Yeah. See, we kind of done this wrong. We started on like step two or baby step two. But we do have baby step one done. And we're in the middle of baby step two. My car will be paid off this year. Good. And that's the only car payment I have. Good. And it's worth a lot more than I owe. Oh, I'm thinking I was thinking about selling it, but my wife's gonna still fit. Well, tell me more. Tell me more. It's, it's, well, the car okay, are told that we owe about $150 house. The car's worth about 28 to 30. I owe five on it. Oh. It's a limited edition, but it's very rare. That's the big thing about it. What is it? It's a 2012 yellow jacket. It's Challenger SRT eight.


Oh. But they only made 1300 of them. Is that like That the transformer? Is that like Bumblebee? Do you know? No, no. Noble bee. There's a lot more of those. Oh yeah. They only made this one one year and they only made 1300 of 'em. And, and you said your wife 42, you said your wife would throw a fit. So that's her car. Yes. Because she got it. No, it's my car. She got it from me. 'cause she says I work too much. She's an Alcoholic. Oh. So it was a gift. I don't think you have to to sell that though. I don't think you do this situation. You, you owe so little on it. You're gonna knock it out. Yeah. What else is there? Just the credit card. That's it. The car and my house. That's it. We make together about 85, 90 a year. And I work, when I'm off work, I'm working.


I'm trying to make EveryDollar I can, 'cause I you're doing to have this house pay. We've only had the house five years. I lost the other house. Didn't lose it for default, lost it for another reason. Believe it or not, the state of Tennessee took it from him. Oh, I'm sorry. Listen, here's the thing, James. You're doing good. Yeah. All Right. You, you have looked at your situation and said, we need to make a change. You've started down that road. You made a small mistake with this debt consolidation. But I mean, Ken, who among us hasn't made Yeah, Plenty of money mistakes, man. It's not a mistake that's gonna set you back. I hope you've heard what Jade's told you. You're okay. You, your instincts are right. You now know what to do. You've got all the intensity. My goodness, man.


I I need to take a breath just listening to you talk. You're so intense, which is great because you need, I want this over. I Know I'm too owe to this. And James, I love the intensity. I'm saying, I I'm pointing it out to say you've got all of the things that you need. You have the know knowhow now, and you've got the want to and the knowhow and the want to when they come together, unstoppable. So we're cheering you on. You've got this. Thank you. And before you know it, you guys are gonna be outta debt. And, and now the future is so very bright. So no more beating yourself up. Let's just keep moving forward. My wife does say, I worry too much, but I Can't help it. Well, She's taking good care of you. That's All Right. You, you will, you'd be surprised how much worry will go away when you're, when you're done with this process.


I know. I've been debt free once before years ago. And it was the best time of my life. There you go. Because I didn't worry about nothing. My wife has never been debt, debt-free. So I keep pushing and pushing to her, pushing nicely. But I say, we gotta get there. And she doesn't understand the feeling she's gonna get. Well, that's All Right. You're leading the way and she's supportive. She's not fighting against you. Correct. No, she is not. No. So you got a good woman, you got a great car, you got a good plan here that's gonna work. And you've got great momentum. So I'm not telling you to take the foot off the gas, but I do want you to give yourself a bit of a break and, and know now it's about intentionality. There's no panic. There's no reason to be scared. Just stay the course and you'll get there.


James, I absolutely promise you, you can hear it in his voice. You can. Ain't no stopping James. No, I, you're, I'm proud of him. Yeah. James is doing All Right. Yeah, he absolutely is. So fun. You got it, James.


All Right, Dave, you have some strong opinions Possibly? Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Okay. Because you really prefer credit unions over big banks. Well, credit unions for one thing are, are non-profit, which means that the members, the customers own the credit union. So any profits that the credit union makes goes back into customer pricing. Mm. So you get better interest rate on savings, cheaper checking and so on, that kind of thing. And, and, but that's what's more important than that though, is the fact that the customer is the owner, changes the spirit on the credit union. So I find very few credit unions that aren't very customer centric.


Well, and I think we have found one that is incredible and that's Fairwinds. They're an incredible credit union that is really out with the heart to help the Customer. They're the right kind of people with the right kind of values, and they've done a really, really good job with customer service and the deals that they're offering. The RAMSEY tribe is incredible. Yeah, Absolutely. And I love that the things that we teach, they so line up with, and you're right. Their customer service is unbelievable. Winston and I just signed up and we got an account. Yeah. And I'm not kidding, it took less than five minutes. It was so user-friendly, like the step-by-step approach was unbelievable. And then the next day, my phone rings and it says Fairwinds on my phone. So I answered it and talked to someone there, and they said, yeah, they give calls to every new customer. And so again, they just really care about your experience. And I, I so, so appreciate that. Plus, anything that you can do at a traditional branch, you can do with them@fairwinds.org or on their app, and you'll have free access to over 33,000 ATMs. Hey, you guys know how much I hate banks in general. And so for me to do this is a big deal. Talk to our friends at Fairwinds and check out the combined checking and savings bundle that they created just for the RAMSEY tribe. You guys, it's incredible. Yeah, you guys, it's so easy to join Fairwinds no matter where you live. So Go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY. Fairwinds Is federally insured by NCUA.


All Right. It's that time of year. Do you have a graduate in your life, a college grad or a high school grad? This is such a time of anxiety for those young people because they've been conditioned to do everything they can to get that college offer to then go get the major to then go get the good job. And there's so much cultural pressure to try to figure out at such a young age, what should I do with my life? And we're talking about professionally here, and that's why we created the new version of my Get Clear Career assessment. This is Find the Work you're wired to Do. Student Edition comes out today, it's actually out and flying out of the bookstore, I'm told. So very, very proud of this project. What does it do? In short, it helps answer that question for you, the parent, the grandparent, the guardian, the family friend for that young person who's trying to figure out, what do I do with my professional life? In other words, what am I wired to do? And the answer's pretty clear to use what you do best. That's your talent to do work you love. That's a sense of passion to produce results you care deeply about. That's a sense of mission. And the assessment measures all three of those distinct wires in, in these young people. And this is written for young people. The book itself is about a 45 minute guiding lesson on what to do with your assessment results. And you get a absolutely stellar assessment result with a purpose statement in it. And it'll help you, that parent, grandparent, friend, guardian, whatever coach, teacher, give guidance and confirmation to that young person. So find the work you're wired to do. Student Edition comes with the get clear career assessment all together for only 34 99. It's a great grad gift if I do say so myself. I've been sending them out, by the way, all these invites coming around. Yeah. And I'm like, All Right, we'll throw some cash at these kids, but also let's give 'em something they can use. So listen, I'm gonna get that for my babysitter. Well, I appreciate that very much. I'll sign that. But there it is. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, or the link in the show notes. If you're on YouTube or podcast, find the work you're wired to do. Student edition.


Derrick is up next in Dallas, Texas. Derrick, How can we help today? Oh, yes. How y'all doing? Good. How are you today? My question is, so right now I'm 20 years old and I work for my dad. I'm working for a glass company. I make 12 an hour, and at the moment I have almost $7,000 in my, in my personal checking account. My question is, is I wanna know what I can do to expand that amount besides just saving up working an eight to five. So the first thing that comes to mind is I'm gonna get either a better job or an additional job. First thing that comes to my mind, I'm, I'm assuming you've processed that, right?


Yes. I've, I've thought about that before. It's just, I don't, I actually really like the work that I'm doing with my dad. Okay. I like doing this hands-on work, so I don't really plan on quitting this job. All Right. What are you making per hour? I make 12, $12 an hour. Okay. So you can do this one of two ways. Tell Jade and I how much more per hour do you want to make? Or how much additional money do you wanna make per month? Okay. Tell me that number. You know what you make right now, right? So, so based on what you bring home now, and again, I don't care how you answer it, but I want you to tell us, give us a target.


I what are you looking to make? I'd like, I, I would like to be making 14 an hour. Okay. But Have you talked to Pops? We can't Complain. No, I didn't say we have to complain, but we're working through this here. So have you talked to Pops about this desire to make two more bucks an hour? No, I haven't. And the reason why is because I've been working here for a year. When I first got on, I was getting paid $10 an hour under the table, so I wasn't getting anything taken out of my, my check or anything. Right. Well, one thing we want to do going forward is not tell millions of people that your dad's been paying you under the table. We want to kind of hold back that information. Now he's paying you, he's withholding taxes.


I hope. Listen, If you hear, if you hear a knock at the door, don't answer it. I'm just kidding. The IRS is already tracking you young man. There's nothing I can do about it. The horses out of the barn. So, so first things first, you can talk to your dad. It's a unique deal. But I'm gonna give you the same advice I'd give any young person because of a very large audience listening and watching here. We don't go and ask for a raise. It's a horrible idea. I don't care if it's your dad or anybody else that puts that leader on the defensive. So what you want to do is sit down with dad and go, dad, I wanna make more money per hour. I wanna make more money per month, per year. Is there an opportunity for me to do that with you? And what does that look like? That's the conversation you have with dad outside of that, okay?


Because you don't want to quit the job with your dad, and you like the work. And the reason I was pushing you to go, how much more money do you wanna make per month? And you couldn't gimme a number. So that's your homework assignment. I want you to know tomorrow morning when you wake up, what your financial goal is as it relates to making more money. Right? Now, you need to know that as an old phrase. It's not attributed to anybody. Jade. It says the person who aims for nothing hits it every time. Ooh, that's good. And, and there's some great truth to that. So if the numbers, I wanna make an additional two grand a month, Ken, $24,000 a year, fine. But we gotta have a number. And then when we have a number, we can now say, how is it that I go about making that money?


Well, I know that I may not have the opportunity to make much money in my dad's company, so that means I gotta start my own side hustle business, or I gotta go work some overtime, or I gotta leave my dad's company altogether exactly where I'm making 18 an hour. Jay, don't wanna bring you in here 'cause you're one of the most goal-oriented people I know you've heard this young man right here. What, what say you Well, I say that we haven't heard the the big why yet. Oh, that's fair. And I think that's probably what's gonna inform this conversation the most. And probably what's gonna light your fire to actually go and pursue what Ken is telling you to do. You know, if, if, if you don't have a reason, it's like what you said, the person that aims for nothing. So what's the reason? Are you trying to move out of the house? Are you trying to buy a car?


Are you trying to get, you know, what is that why that you want your income up to go up there for your savings to go up? And I think that's gonna give you that, that fire. Let's put you on the spot. I think she makes a great point. So, Okay. What's the why? What My answer to that is, it's rather a more selfish answer is because I don't really have to pay for a lot of things right now. Right now I'm living with my parents and the only things I have to pay for is just insurance on the car, which is not a lot a month, and then a, a phone bill. So What do you want the money for? Selfish. Reason as to why, why I want more money. What is it? It's just, I like with what I have right now, I've never seen these numbers before. Yeah. And I just wanna have more of it.


It, it's really just a greedy reason. That's not greedy, g it's not greedy. You, it's, you feel that because to your point, it's the first time you're What did, how old are you? I'm 20. You're 20 years old. This is your first bout with, you know, being a career man and you're like, Hey, this is kind of nice. It's nice to earn money and it's nice to see that I have savings. And it's nice to kind of know that I, it's like, yeah, you hike your pants up, you're like, All Right, like This. And there's a little extra jingle in there. Yeah, exactly. What if we suggest a couple of why's, Derek? Okay, so, okay, my co-host here has no idea where we're going. We're gonna spontaneously go one back and forth. Okay? I'm gonna, we're gonna give him some whys Yes. Like that.


I wanna give, so one is saving up money to put a nice deposit down or to make more money to be able to afford a nice apartment so I can leave my house. I love that. Him. Another Why Another one is there's gonna be a Mrs. Derrick in the, in the picture at some point. And when you see her across the bar or across the, you know, whatever, you're gonna wanna take her out and wine and diner and convince her to be Mrs. Derek. All Right. I'll give you another why. After we've gotten an apartment, we've learned how to live on our own and sustain rent and, and show some budget discipline. We're gonna start saving up for a down payment on a house. That's another great why? Ooh, that is A great Why, why more? I'll let you wrap up The why's. Another one is to have that extra margin because we wanna save and invest for the future.


And we suggest 15% of your income. And once that 15% is gone, you're gonna want extra to live your life on and it not feel super tight. So yeah. Derek, We just gave you four why's. How do you, how do you, how do you feel about those? Whys they, they, they tend to resonate with you. I re they resonate with me. Yeah. Okay, then. So you get to come up with more why's, but, but Jaden makes a very good point. You will find yourself far more driven when there's an actual visual target, a visual destination. And she, I think, positioned it so beautifully as a why do I wanna make more money? So back to the original question. I think you gotta talk to Pops and see what a promotion looks like.


But I also think you're gonna have to look outside of that because I think for you to make 16, 18, $20 an hour, you're gonna have to expand your vision and see what's out there and get after it young man. And I would recommend, by the way, okay, as soon as possible, get outta mom and dad's house. I think that's the logical next step for you. You'll feel so yeah. Accomplished and, and a nice boost of confidence that every young adult needs. That's right. Comes from leaving the nest. Yes. He's got a good right now. He does. And he's not Complaining. Mom's probably making him three squares a day. He has no payments. Oh yeah. All Right my man. Get after it.


Let's be honest. Shopping for health insurance can be confusing with high costs, complicated terms and customer service that doesn't really serve you. Most folks just pick a plan and hope for the best. See, insurance companies don't work for you. They work for themselves, meaning they love it when you overpay. So you need a guide on your team to help you make the best choices. Health Trust, Financial works for you. They're not salespeople. They help you find the health insurance option that makes sense and saves you money. The fact is, health insurance is one of the biggest expenses in your budget. But most people who work with Health Trust Financial end up saving $500 a month. Imagine putting that kind of money toward the baby steps. My team has worked with them for over 20 years and they've served thousands of people just like you. They're the only health insurance broker that's RAMSEY trusted to help you. So stop throwing money away and get the health insurance that's right for you at Health Trust Financial dot com. That's Health Trust Financial dot com.


All Right, let's Go to Tyler in Jacksonville, Florida. Tyler, How can we help today? Hey, I'm calling. So I'm 29, my wife is 28. We, we filed, we made 152,000 last year. We're on pace to make month 75 this year. I'm a firefighter, she's in medical sales. So we bought a house a year and a half ago. We have a 350,000 mortgage, we have 28 K in a car loan debt and 18 K in student loans. My wife, when she was a a young child, her grandma started her A-U-T-M-A account. And that account currently has 225,000 in it.


We have 30 5K in a Roth IRA and about 20,000 in savings. Other than that, okay, so my question is do we use that H or UTMA to pay off the car and the student loan and then about save a six month emergency fund for the rest towards a mortgage? Wow. What a blessing to have that money just sitting there for you guys. Right? What's your income? Last year we filed 152,000 and then I just promoted and Okay. Yeah, got a raise through my job. So we're gonna do about 1 75 this year. Okay. Yeah. And you said that as soon as you called in, I just didn't write it down in time.


I Was trying to give y'all the numbers. It was a lot of numbers I was trying to keep up with you. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I think that this 2 25 sitting there, is it invested in anything? Like is it, is there is, is there a return on it that's good that you're interested in? Or how much has it grown over this time is basically what I'm wondering. So I've, when she got it started, she was young, so I think it was started at a hundred grand and it's at 2 25 now. We do get dividends in it every year, but like a couple thousand maybe. Okay. It's not, it's not much. Okay. I probably would do that. I, if I were in your shoes, you've got the 25,000 in savings that's also at your disposal.


I would not touch the Roth or any invest like any retirement money whatsoever. The only thing with this is you might wanna look into the tax implications because there's likely gonna be something there on the growth. So I would look into that and find out what that would be. 'cause you're wanting to drain the whole thing. Well, I guess, so essentially our six month emergency fund would be like 35 to $40,000, like a, a good six month emergency fund. So we would keep that. But that's another thing. Would we keep that in the UTMA or put that in like a high yield savings or I'd probably you could move it into a high yield savings.


I'd wanna know again, what the rate of return has been on this. So what about the 25,000 that you have there? Are you saying that you would add to it and put that up to 40? Is that what you're saying? Right. Okay. Yes. Yeah, I do it. I would just talk with somebody, find out what the tax implications are because there's gonna be something on that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That, I think that's a blessing. That was my Question. Yeah. Do you have a tax pro in your life that you can consult on this? We do have a tax guy that we use, but we never brought this question up to him. He just kind of, you know, those are taxes I guess, so. No, that's All Right. I, I think Jay gave you a great answer as she walked you through it. I'm just saying consult with them so you have an idea what the tax implications are so that you know Right.


The money that went into it, the money that went into it was after tax dollars. So I don't think it's gonna be taxed like the same way it would be like at your normal income rate. I don't think it is, but you'd have to check on that. Yeah. 'cause you weren't gonna be taxed on some of the growth that that's acquired. So that's important to know. I wouldn't want that to, you know, hit you upside the head, but other than that, I would do it. I think the one cautionary tale that I have on this sort of thing is, I think it's always a, a, a blessing when your gifted money, when an inheritance comes through, you know, when you're able to kind of sell one big asset to get out of debt. I'm, I don't look down on that. I think it's a great thing. I think it's a blessing. However, there is a piece of that where I wanna just say be careful and be cautious because the same guy that got into $28,000 of student loans and $18,000 of car loans and all of that is still that guy.


And you got, you were throwing a lifeline here. And so you've gotta be careful and make sure, okay, moving forward I've got to change my habits and I've gotta change my philosophy around debt or else I'll look up in five, 10 years and I'll be here again just with a different sort of debt and there won't be an upma there. Does that make sense? Right. Yes ma'am. Okay. So that's just, that's all I gotta say about it. Yeah, No, I like that. It's a, it's a good word. I wanna Go to a question from our Ramsey Network app. This is from Tariq who submitted this question. My wife and I are in our mid forties with an 11-year-old and a 14-year-old. We share general financial information with them so that they will grow up knowing how to properly manage finances.


We love it when they ask questions, but recently they've been curious about our current financial situation, specifically asking us how much money do we have? We live modestly considering our net worth and are concerned that if they knew we lived well below our means, they might begin to resent their current lifestyle or let the information slip when talking with their friends. Where do we draw the line in the sand so that we're validating their curiosity while at the same time preserving our privacy? I love this question because our youngest daughter, she's just recently came back at it once more. How Much money do we make? Yeah. Oh, well, when they, when they put the we on it? No, She knows better now. I've corrected that.


She's like, how much do you make? And, and I'm just like, babe, I'm not telling you. Yeah. And so I think there's a very clear on, on that particular one, I'll say there's a very clear boundary I think, so that They're not able, they're not mature enough to handle it. They don't even understand the value of a dollar in the first place. I agree. And letting it slip out. Certainly, you know, to friends and other family members that is a, an onion that doesn't need to be peeled. I 100% agree. If we had asked that when we were kids, if I asked my parents that man, they'd be ready to slap a taste outta our mouth. Like we, that is like the truth a no-no. Yeah. And so then the second question is, would they resent the way they live? And the answer is, I don't know if the word is resent, but they would start going, oh, and they start doing really bad math 'cause they don't understand money.


Yeah. And the value of money. Why can't we have this? Why can't, can't We have that? I, and I do think that would create a problem. So I think the answer is you're not mature enough to handle that. That's not something we discuss. Yeah. Go ride your bike. Go ride your bike or something. And if you wanna teach him something, just say, you know, your dad and I work really hard and we're good stewards of the money that we have and we're blessed and we use that to take care of you. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. That's Mike. Our my kids are not that age. What are you gonna say when, when you're downstairs? Well they already, they already think they, they know a little something. They're like, we're do, you know, they used the word we a lot and so I have to go Cliff Huxtable on 'em and explain to them that they have nothing.


Right. By the way, that's, do you remember that famous clip? It's, it's out there on YouTube. I'm sure where he does that example with Theo. Yeah, oh yeah. With the monopoly. He puts the monopoly money and he gives him all this money and he starts taking it back. That's right. As he walks through the everyday expenses classic to this day, that's probably one of the greatest, whoever came up with that and wrote that segment, that's such a brilliant, brilliant example of how kids, how they handle the realities of money. Yeah. And I, I'll just, I'll be honest with you, we got, it's been really fun to see my two boys, you know, both my boys as they've been driving when I remember when they first, when I, you know, they first went and they're like 16, I was paying their gas at the time they were in football and all this kinda stuff.


So it limited how they could work. But anyway, the point is is they would actually, even though it was my debit card, them looking at how much gas cost Oh, shocking that reaction. Yeah. When they filled up their tank. Yeah. And they were like, wow, dad, that's crazy how expensive gas is. Yes. I was like, welcome to my life, pal. Yes, Absolutely. I think as much as you can let them experience that, that's the Better lesson. You know, it's the better lesson. My kids, they get, they have a chart on the refrigerator where they do their chores and What are you paying by the way, for chores? For chores these days? Oh yeah, because I'm not in that game anymore. I'm curious. Listen, don't judge me. I'm not, I'm gonna judge you. My kids are five and seven. So Yeah, that's the context to, For my son, he gets, he earns more because he's more responsible.


Yeah. So if he unloads the dishwasher, that's a dollar. Okay. Okay. That's not bad. And then if he takes out the garbages, like there's a couple of garbages in the house, I think that's 50 cents. Nothing is more than a dollar. Everything is a dollar or 50 cents. And then my daughter, everything is 25 cents or 50 cents. Wow. So they get paid at the end of the week and if they want to go spend their money, it's impressive. They've gotta, they see now how much a toy costs. Is that a pain for you to be carrying around all that change? Because the 25 cent hits, you gotta have quarters laying Around the house. No, they, they better do enough chores to where I get even, even amounts. I was gonna say, mama doesn't want to be throwing out 75 cents Here. I'm gonna catch you next time on that. I I'll spot you A quarter next time. Oh, that's good.


Do your chores. Here's a quarter call somebody who cares. Go Travis trip.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


This is The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your profession, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. I'm Ken Coleman alongside Jade Warshaw. And we're here for you America. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Let's Go to Pittsburgh area where Tracy joins us. Tracy, How can we help today? Hi Ken and Jade. I'm so glad. Thank you for taking my call today. You bet. What is happening in your world? All Right, lots is happening, but for my call today. So my question to you is, I'll just kind of give a a little scenario here. You know, we have several family gatherings, you know, several times a year and one of my relatives always seems to turn the conversations to money, you know, like how much things cost, how much she spends, what she pays for things.


Mm. And you know, right down to kind of the very high dollar amounts. So for example, at Easter, you know, she told all of us that her bonus payment was so big that she could buy herself a brand new BMW that we all got to go take a tour of out in her garage. And so she Just up and said that out of the clear blue sky Kind of, And then said, Hey, you guys want to come out to the garage and check it out? They got Garage. Yeah. I turn out and see my new car. You know, Real quick question. I want you to keep going, but I'm just curious. Yeah. What is the relationship? Can you tell us what that is? Is it sibling? It's a cousin. It's a first cousin. First cousin. And did first cousin, did you grow up with said cousin?


Did you spend a lot of time with her as you were growing up or was it more distant? Yeah, I, yep. I would say we were very, and we're, to this day almost very much like sisters. Okay. Oh, and how does this rub you when this happens? And you just gave us one example, but this is a pattern. Yeah. Right? Yes. And so that's why I'm calling because it does bother me and you know, I, I make a very good salary. I'm a registered nurse and you know, I just, I certainly don't feel comfortable talking about, you know, how much I paid for things and, and how much things cost. And do you Think she's trying to make, do you, let me, do you think that she is trying to get a rise out of you when she says it?


Or do you think that for her she's comfortable talking about money and you're just not comfortable? Does that make sense? Which one is it? Is, is the onus more on her or more on you? I think it's more on her like maybe to kind of brag it up and Gimme some more examples of what she might do. I wanna know more. So, oh, you know, I, so when we, when we first got there, first of all, she had bought some jackets and they didn't fit and, and so she gave me one of the jackets so I was like, oh, let me, you know, I'll pay for it. You know, it was a nice jacket and she had bought one for her sister and it was like, Oh no, no, no, you know?


And I was like, oh, I really like it. Where'd you get it? And it was, you know, from this expensive denim company and it was, you know, I mean I paid $80 for it. And has she ever, you know, I feel Bit bad. Has she ever said anything bad about you? Like, has she ever done the backhanded compliment where it's like, well I know you probably couldn't afford something like this, so just take it. Like, is she giving a backhanded compliment when she does it? No, I Wouldn't, I wouldn't say that. No, not at all. It's almost like she, maybe she's a little, and I'm probably answering my own question, maybe she's insecure and maybe A hundred percent, that's the third scenario. You know how I think She wants us to know how successful she is. I think that's what's going on.


I don't, Well, I want, I wanna dig a little More, I wanna dig a little more. So far I'm gonna tell you the side of the fence I'm on so far, Tracy, I think, I think it might be more you than her so far. Okay. And I, and that I don't say like, neither of you is a bad person or neither of you is like, are you even an insecure thing? I think some people are way more confident talking about money and I do think that there's certain things that it's just like she's in a mode in her lifestyle right now. I don't, it doesn't sound like she's trying to, I don't know. Alright, let's go rewind. We, we've got your opinion. I wanna rewind. I'm sorry, but I have, let me just finish.


Oh, here's Thing. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. If my brother came home and I think he did come home with a new truck and he was like, oh, he was, I said, oh, is that a new car out in the, in the driveway? He's like, oh yeah, I just got it. Let me go see, let's go see it. And you go look at it like, I feel like that is kind of normal. And it's like, yeah, you know, I never thought I'd be able to get it, but I got a raise and I was able to get it. Like I, that I think that's okay. And then when you were telling me about the jacket, I was kind of like, well, yeah, I feel like if my, if I bought a jacket, I would give the other one to my sister. I'm pretty sure I have done that. And as long as she's not saying things like, do you know what I mean? Like, to be like, oh, well, I, I'll give it to you. I mean, I'm sure like I, I, you might not ever be able to have this, so I'm giving you, like, that would make me, that would burn me up.


Right. All Right. I gotta ask you. Okay. I gotta Ask. Let's Hear Ken. I want some more questions. All Right. So, Tracy, are you the only family member that notices this and talks about this and is good question, irritated by this? I don't know the answer to that because I haven't really talked to any of my other family members about it. And you've not seen, This is just Something that you've, All Right. Another question. Sorry, I'm not cutting you off. I'm gonna do rapid fire here. Okay. Have you, when she said that, let's talk about the BM BMW thing, and it came out of the blue. Did you see anybody else kinda look at you? Like, roll the eyes, that's the eye contact? Yeah. Or make the un like, oh, geez. Did, did any of that happen? Yeah. No, I did not.


You didn't See that? No. No. It's just kind of like, oh, wow. Great. Okay. All Right. Okay. This is great. I mean, I didn't See any, but, you know, no nonverbal, no nonverbals, nothing that, like, you know, the behind the back, rolling the eye, nothing like that. All nobody Else is saying this. Okay. Jay, this is stacking up nicely for you, but I'm not done. I'm not done. Okay. Keep going. Dig In, dig in. I'm digging. This is really fun for me. Okay. When you said to us that you think she's insecure, give us some evidence. As to you, you said she's like a sister to you. Give me one other very clear example of her insecurity and how it pops up around how much money she makes. I don't know if I can give any other examples other than the fact that it just always seems that's something that the conversation is somehow going towards.


You know, I went shopping and I spent a thousand dollars on clothes. Okay, now, All Right. So, You know, I, I, you know, I mean, to get a bonus big enough to buy a BMW. All Right. Wow. You know? All Right. One more question. I, I, I disagree with Jade. I will say, I'm gonna make a statement and a question. I disagree that, that it's just normal for somebody at an Easter gathering to bring up that they got a massive bonus. That is, that is, and went out and bought a Beamer. And I wanna show you, I gotta tell you, if one of my cousins did that, I'd be like, you are a pinhead. I wouldn't say that to him, but I'm like, I think that's obnoxious to say the absolute least. So I don't, I'm, I'm on team Tracy because of that behavior. I Would wanna know. I feel like There's, so the question is, the question is, you gotta know exactly How It happens when she's around you without discussing money.


She just always takes it to how much she spent on something. That's what I heard, it Seems. Yes. Yes. It's always like, we talk about other things, but then it always kind of gravitates back towards how much something costs. Oh, we need you to get a new roof. And It was, alright, now I'm ready to rule. Okay? But my question to you is, how do you, how do I handle that? That's Where I'm going kill Him with kindness. I, I think I wanna know what Jade says, so I'll be quick. Here's what I think. I think that a lot of this is her, and I think it's very normal for you to actually feel this way. However, you're giving her way too much power. And it's not your problem to fix. It's not your conversation to have. I think she is who she is, and I don't think you confronting her is gonna change it.


So I would go the route of putting up a boundary that every time she does that, I would change the subject on her. And I think it'll do two things for you. Okay? It'll train you to not give her power and let it irritate you. And number two, I think it puts up a natural conversational boundary to change the subject. Jade, you got 20 seconds. What would you add to That? I'd wanna know if she started from nothing. Like did she start from the bottom and now we're here and she's just looking for someone to celebrate with Because I wanna celebrate with my sister. No, and I do. This is obnoxious insecurity. I Don't think she was never mean about it. She was never backhanded. Don't Have to be mean to be obnoxious, But backhanded is obnoxious. And that's usually


Okay. You guys, 54% of Americans say it's a challenge to save on groceries without sacrificing quality. That's why I'm thrilled to tell you about Aldi. Aldi gives you simpler, better food choices that can save your family nearly $4,000 a year from the daily essentials to organic produce, fresh meat and more. Aldi has what you need at prices that won't bust your budgets. So Stop paying more and start shopping smarter at Aldi where you'll save with the lowest prices of any national grocery store. Find a store near year today at Aldi us. That's a ldi us.


Hey folks, how would winning $5,000 in cash change your life? This month we're giving $5,000 to one grand prize winner, and we're giving away a $500 prize every week in May. It takes less than 15 seconds to enter. No purchase is necessary, and you can enter daily to increase your chances of winning. Enter the RAMSEY cash giveaway until May 31st at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway.


Hey, folks, buying or selling a home is a big deal. You know, all the stress, all the emotions attached to that, it's a massive transaction and you just don't wanna do it on your own. You absolutely need an expert in your corner, whether you're selling or buying. And that's why we have our RAMSEY trusted program. It's the only way to find a top agent you can trust that will make sure the process is seamless and just not a stressor, but a win for you. So you can find a local RAMSEY, trusted Real Estate Pro for free by going to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. Or the link is in the show notes if you're on YouTube or podcast.


Ken, I wanna go, I wanna go back to this last call that we had. We're going back To it. I've Gotta go back to it. So we ran outta time and we were doing some post-analysis. This is good. If you were listening before, it was the lady calling in. She felt like her first cousin who was more like a sister. Yeah. Was a little too about her. How Much Money she makes, money she makes. And the example was she said, you know, she got a new Beamer and was saying, Hey, I got this bonus at work and I was able to get this car, come see it. And another example was like a, a jacket. She had bought the jacket and she got two of 'em. And so she gave one to her cousin who was like her sister, and was saying, Hey, I got this jacket. I spent like 80 bucks on. It doesn't, it doesn't fit. Would you like to have it? And So we were just kind of trying to come through with who, who is in the wrong, is anybody in the wrong, is she actually bragging too much?


And can you and I were a little divided on it and I, I think it's worth it. Only slightly. I think it's worth it to come back to, I know I have a couple of points I was thinking, All Right, number one is I do think that normalizing conversations about money is a good thing. Whether we're talking to people we trust about struggles that we're having or whether we're winning. And you want to be able to say like, this was a really good year for me. Right? Right. And the truth is, both of those, you have to be choosy about who that, who that person or those people are. Yeah. And it kind of sounds like maybe the sister, I'm gonna call 'em sisters 'cause she said they're more like sister.


Maybe the one sister felt, I can say this to you, and the other sister was like, ah, I don't feel comfortable with this. And that's okay. But I do think finding those people is important because, you know, when Sam and I were struggling getting out of debt, I didn't really know who I could say. It's, it's hard to know who to say, man, like we've got $460,000 of debt. Then on the flip side, it's hard to know how to say, dude, I just paid off $460,000 of debt. Like, let's go celebrate. Yeah. So finding those people is important. It's hard to find them. And then also knowing, and, and this is kind of another one, like standards of what you think of when it comes to money is gonna be different for everybody.


Somebody might think, oh my gosh, you spent $30 on a bottle of wine, you're crazy. Somebody else might go, I can't believe you only spent $30 on that bottle of wine. Right? So there's also that discrepancy that can be there when you're in conversations, especially with family. Clearly the one sister thought $80 on a jacket. She might not have thought anything of that, but the other sister thought, oh my gosh, she spent 80 do dollars. You know what I'm saying? So sometimes we think that we're on the same wavelength and we're not. And it's not anything that's intended negatively, it's just two people in different financial worlds. Alright. So My, my only, my only comment on that, what you just said is I'm fine and good with all that.


I just am a little bit more conservative. And I think there needs to be a very clear boundary with just about almost everybody in your life. Yeah. You're probably right as to who you are sharing with. That you got a big fat bonus. You're Right. You are 100% right about that. I think that's your husband or your spouse or whatever. I got a buddy. I maybe your mom or dad, Sam. But even That's tricky. I have two friends. We have two friends. Yeah. They're not family members because I think you're right. Family is, you know, we've got two family friends, not family friends, friends that I would say are do like in the same like wavelength. And so you can say, Hey, I had a great year, or whatever it is. And they can take it. Or you can say, oh my. But even Then, are you specific on money?


No, not that specific. That's My point. But you could say, man, we crushed it this year, A little fist bump at the table. But If they were to me, like, if You're not gonna be like, I just went and dropped $80,000 on a card. Oh, if he told me that, I would be like, right on. Like if I'm a, I'm a call out Ben Cler right now. If Ben Cler called up and said, you need to understand that I just made a million bucks this year. I would be like, let's Go celebrate All. But that's a very unique relationship, let's say that. But I'm saying I think that that should be normalized because how can he be out here crushing it and feel bad to, For very close friends that's normalized. Yeah. But not your first cousin who you don't see all the time. She comes over. No, she said they were Easter Like sisters. I don't think, well, again, It may Not be, again, I, I would say this about siblings.


I think you, you gotta be very careful about what you're sharing about what you make to siblings as well. Yeah. Siblings. Yeah. Especially if one of you's one of you. Yeah. What am I saying? Like, like from the New Jersey, I'll say one of you, one Of these guys, one Of you guys is like a higher rope ladder. You know what I'm saying? I just think that You're not wrong. I don't think you're wrong. I just think we gotta be very, very careful because there's so much emotion. You Have to know who is that person Who can handle it, who can handle it. Because if you throw out something that you're legitimately excited about and it's got a number and that number is foreign to them, and they got bad emotions around you or themselves or their money, but again, avoid It. You should avoid it. But I ask us as people to Also, well, you're really passionate about this.


I think this is a great campaign. I just think there's too much psychology around money to be talking about it in depth with a lot of people. Super small circle. That is so true. But I, I have a couple of really great friends and they're so good at celebrating people. I have learned celebrate Yes. To be a better celebrator of people, Die people to everything. No, No, you're right. You're Right. Like, in other words, you're right. In other words. Okay, so full disclosure. Okay. Jade and Sam and Stacey and I, we are friends. Yes. We enjoy spending time together. Yes. If we went to dinner with you and Sam Yes. And Sam said over dinner, Hey, our company, I said to Sam, how, how, how's it going? How's it going? Because I do say that How's, how's biz?


And he said, bro, banner year. Like Yeah, three x what we did last year. Okay. You would be fine and dandy. I'm absolutely, you know, celebrating it. Yes. I'm like, man, that's awesome. Yes. But two things are not happening. He's not saying exact. He's Not telling me. Yeah. That exact number. Yes. Maybe if I asked, and even then it would be a gross number. It would be like, what was your gross, like, I'm not gonna get in. I wouldn't ask him. But he's also not gonna go after I celebrate. He's not gonna go in. So, you know, but if he Said he's not, and this is a, we're making this up. If he leaned over, if he said, man, I had a banner year. And then if he leaned over, he was like, dude, I did like, and he said, I did like da da da, amount of money, you'd be like, holy.


You know? Right, right. And you'd be like, dude, yes. Like, you know, of course. So even I, Sam wouldn't do that. We're making all of this up. But if he did, I think that you'd be like, man, that's amazing. I I I would, but I'd also go, Go, when you went home, would you be like, Stacy, can you believe that? He said, And that's my point. I think it's, I think there's like the surface. I'm not gonna be a jerk. Right. But at the same time, I'm gonna be like, oh, okay. All Right. That's Interesting. Just throwing these numbers around that. I think because I coach people with their money, I think the Closer we are, I'm Used to them. I'm used to people saying amounts to me. Yeah. Therefore, if I hear it, it doesn't bo like, it's like, I'm like John Cena, like, you can't See it.


I will say this, but I'll come back to the point that we, we had with the, the cousins who are like sisters. Yes. Yes. If in your scenario, he says to me, and Sam is such a lowkey humble guy. He would, he's Humble. He's, that's why we're using Sam. 'cause he doesn't say anything to anybody. Right. And, but, but we have to, to make the point here. Yeah. If he said Yeah, and he goes, as a result, he is like, I, I, he's like, I decided, dude, it was hard. It was hard to do this. It was a lot of money, but it was a great year. I've always wanted a gwa. I'm making this up. And he says, I popped for one. That to me, that's okay. That's Good. Yeah. The specificity. Yes. You, you don't say of money I made, you know, whatever. In 2 cents. Yeah. I Just think it can, it just is too risky.


You're right. You are right. I, yes. I think you can say, I think you can celebrate in a veiled way that still gets the point across, that still makes you feel like I just shared with my, my buddy. The best thing that happens To you is, yeah. 'cause the, you put a number out there d it's a comparison deal. It's Different. It's different. Yeah. Whether you're Healthy or not. I could be completely psychologically healthy. I could be humble. I could be living in gratitude. Yeah. And I hear a number as soon and you're feeling as soon I hear a number. 'cause it's a number that means there's a number below it and there's a number above it. There's psychology around people, what they make. Yeah. You're right. You're right. A theme today. Should kids know? My point is, the minute you give me a number, I got my number and my number's either above that or my number is below It.


All Right. What's an expensive bottle of rum For me? I think over a hundred bucks, I go, okay, I gotta make sure I work that hundred bucks. Yeah. You know, expensive. I just say affordable. I said, if you said I'm gonna any, any time, I'm just kidding. That's Expensive. I'm just kidding. I'm just proving your point. Yeah, exactly. When you throw a number out there, folks, it gets dangerous. Stay away from the numbers.


I hate to admit this, but I don't always eat right. I know I need to eat more fruits and veggies, but sometimes I just have to pound some chips because they taste so good. That's why I love my Field of Greens. It helps me eat healthy when I don't have much time. And each fruit and vegetable in Field of Greens was doctor selected for a specific health benefit. Heart, lungs, kidney metabolism, even healthy weight. And folks, I ain't getting any younger. It's super easy to mix with water. And here is the great part of it. I thought it might taste like grass, but it tastes great. And only Field of Greens makes this promise. Your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. So Go to Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY for 20% off your first order. That's Field of Greens dot com slash RAMSEY to save 20% on your first order.


Hey guys. Rachel Cruz here. Alright, I'm about to say what everyone already knows, but budgeting is a good thing to do now actually starting. Well, that's where people freeze up and you guys, it doesn't have to be that way. With the EveryDollar budgeting app getting started is super easy and so is sticking to it. You can set up your first budget in less time than it takes to go through the Chick-fil-A drive through. It's fast. And the best part, with unlimited budget categories, you can customize it to fit your life. Grocery runs, coffee runs, or planning your next family trip. Whatever you have going on. EveryDollar helps you see exactly what's happening with your money. You'll know what's coming in, what's going out, and what's left over for some fun. Because let's be real, you need some fun in your budget. EveryDollar keeps budgeting simple and stress free just the way you want it. So go download the app for free and get started today. Again, go download EveryDollar today.


All Right, it's time for our question of the day. Brought to you by Y Refi. If you've got a defaulted private student loan and no one else is gonna work with you, I want you to try your friends at y refi. They help you explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate and a payment plan based on your ability to pay. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Alright, today's question comes from Hayden in Delaware. My fiance has 200,000 in student loans and that is her only debt. I am debt free and have a good amount set aside in savings. When we are married. Do we take the savings and pay off a large chunk of the loans? We also want to buy a house in the next 12 months. So I don't wanna spend it all on the loans. Uhoh. Well, we've got some very competing issues here, Hayden. We do, and I wanna just point out the word in the last sentence. We want to buy a house, so I don't want to spend it all on loans. All Right. Financial coach, Jade, what do you say when somebody hits you with that and goes, but I don't want to, I gotta bust their balloon.


Ken, unfortunately I have to rain on their parade. I feel bad about it. But if I were in your shoes, I and I have been in your shoes, you wanna start off any new marriage, new relationship, the best possible way. And to clear out this debt in, in its entirety. It is a wonderful way to start a brand new foundation so that you can buy this house later on when you save up. And it's truly is a blessing and not a burden. Not to be cliche, but when you've got this debt here, it's like, why wouldn't you finish it off? I don't know. He didn't say how much money they're working with. So would it be, you know, a hundred thousand left on the student loans? Would it be 10,000?


I, you know, I don't know what your plan was, but to pay them off in full, especially Ken, this is actually a great segue with what's going on now with student loans. Yeah. You know, there are so many Americans who were in default because student loans are a problem, you know, and you never know what may be coming around the bend. So to be able to have this cleaned up out of the way, then you've got your full disposal of your income there at, you know, your full income at your disposal to use it to now, now save up for a down payment. There's no better way to do it than that. Yeah, I agree. Cooper is up now in Knoxville, Tennessee. Cooper, How can we help today? How are you all doing? Good. Good. Well I appreciate you taking my call.


It was a, it wasn't a quick wait. Well good things come to those who wait, Cooper and my grandmother for used. You say, now I'm feeling the, the pressure. Trust Me, it was, it was worth it for me. Okay. I'm gonna run you through some numbers before I ask you my questions out there. Love It. Awesome. Well, my wife and I are 26. I make 75,000 a year. She makes 45,000 a year. I work in trucking insurance sales and she is a fourth grade teacher. So 120,000 a year. As of Friday, this upcoming Friday, I will be getting a raise of $57,000. Wow. To equal 132,000. And she will be making 48,000 next year with a total income of 180,000.


Nice. The kicker is, is she is giving birth to our first child a week from today. Oh wow. Congrats. Yeah. Yeah. It's coming quick. And we have 15,000 in savings. I have 15,000 in the car debt. I have 42,000 student loan debt. We have a beautiful home that we purchased about, about a year ago. And my question is, is do I continue to tackle this debt? 'cause I think I could get it, you know, really, really low very quickly. But I also would like to start a fund to start our, you know, our son off well to, to be able to Go to college for free or you know, when he turns 18 to have a good, have a good savings for him when you know he gets 18. Yeah. Listen, I love that. I love that you're thinking ahead, you're thinking about you guys income going up, you're thinking about this baby that's to come technically in this moment right here, you're kind of on a pause until this baby gets here.


Right? You've got, I think I heard you say you have 15,000 saved and you've got a car that's 15,000. Yeah. Between two cars. It's Between two. Okay. And so the good news is once this baby is born, when everything goes well and the baby's healthy and they both come home and everything is good, you can just reach over and pay this car off. Right. Right. And, and it'll be gone. And then you'll have your income to then knock out this student loan. Right. That's what I would do. So I'd push pause on paying anything off right now until the baby's there. Just stack up that money, add it to the 15,000 that you have saved. And yeah, when you're done, you knock out the car, then you reach over and knock out the student loans.


Is there anything that I'm missing? I mean, we'll, by that time we'll probably owe about 215,000 on our house this past year. You know, we were, we, we bought a fixerupper and put a bunch of, you know, money into it. Yeah. From our reach back in our savings, which at the time we had about 40,000, you know, when we bought the house. So we, we used a lot of the money to do the updates and stuff. I'm quite handy. So I did 'em want myself. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I might Change the order on that a little bit. Okay. I might, you know, don't get me wrong, I've done it buying a fixer upper. You do feel compelled to do the fixes very quickly. Sure. In this case, the, you know, you've kind of got some of that out of your system. You've, you know, fixed a couple of the things, made it a little nicer.


I'd pause on that until this $42,000 of student loans is cleaned up. Okay. And then I'd pause again and stack up three to six months of expenses. And then I'd say, now we can hit pause or push play on, you know, a couple of the renovations, especially since you're handy, you can do it for a lot less expense. And now we're investing 15%. So that's there. Right. You all, you, you want to be doing that. So doing this in order of priority is going to cause you to think even more critically about what you do on the house. Right. Because once you start putting 15% in investments, it's like, okay, what does that leave us?


And you mentioned wanting to put aside for your baby, which is baby step five. You do four, five, and six simultaneously. So you're doing all that now. It's causing you to say, okay, what can we do to the house? What's the most important right now? And you're able to kind of prioritize that in a different way as opposed to doing it first. Now everything you are gonna, does that make sense? Everything makes the list now, but later on it'll feel a little bit more. Yeah. And I, you know, great. She gave you great financial advice. Can't add anything to that. It's beautiful. I'm just gonna speak to you man to man, I've been where you are. That first child gets there and all of a sudden this newfound primal responsibility Yeah. Just kind of washes over you and Cooper.


I think you've gotta be very, very wise to make sure that you see what's important in the now and not pay too much attention to what's important in the next. Mm. Okay. And, and that's not unique to men or anything else. It's unique to any parent when they start parenting. But it's a primal human problem that we think so much about the next, that we miss what we need to do in the now. And that'll get you in trouble in a variety of ways. Get you in trouble financially, it'll get you in trouble emotionally, get you in trouble spiritually. I mean, I could go down the list here mentally. So my challenge to you is, and Jade gave you the step by step on what to do with the baby steps they work.


Trust the process here and you're gonna be okay. Don't let your fear about the next, or your plans about the next override what you need to do in the now. And that would be my advice to you in this time. So, you know, you stay that course, you're gonna be fine financially and you're gonna pay this thing off. And I would pay that car off with reckless abandon as soon as the baby's Reckless abandon. I like that. You know what I mean? Like as soon as the baby's here and healthy and all that, go for it. I absolutely would attack it with this newfound income and congratulations on that. But if you do that, you're gonna feel so much better. And I wanna give you a super practical reason why. What is your car payment on that car?


Or both of those cars or whatever? It's, what's your combined car payment? One of them Two 80 and four 20. So what's that? 700 bucks. $700. Now for just, just a second, I want you to just think about what happens if Jayden and I promised you a $700 a month bump, how would that make you feel? Ah, I'd be stoked. Well, you got a $700 a month raise coming as soon as you pay those cars off. Right? That's $8,400 a year if I remember my basic multiplication. Is that right? Very good. Seven times 12 is 84. I believe you. I was gonna have to take my shoes off if that was wrong. Use all my toes and my fingers to figure that one out. You just freaked out.


That's a metaphor. And I actually gonna take my shoes off. I was worried. I know I had, you would smell the foot funk right here under the desk. I hope not. Can I like to think you're better than That? I think so too. But you really, it was a visceral reaction. So bad metaphor. But Cooper, this is a great long-term play for you as well, just in getting that raise from not paying those car payments. Congrats on the little one way to go. You're gonna do great. Cooper.


The money and relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs and life-changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


All Right, let's get to Alan in Denver, Colorado. Alan, How can we help? Hey guys, Thanks for taking my call. How are you guys doing today? We're Doing great. What's going on with you? So my wife and I we're about a million dollars in debt. Whoa. Most? Yeah. Well most of it's homes I figured mortgage. Yeah, So we have two homes. Okay. We just moved into their new one a few months ago. Our last house is currently being rented out for $2,300 a month. Mortgage is 24. Or sorry, rent, they're paying 23 I or mortgage every month is 14.


And kind of my question is, if we were to sell that house, we'd probably, it's probably doubled. It's about doubled. What would you bring from it? Since we bought it about two 50 Profit. Yeah. Profit. Okay. And then your current home, it has a mortgage as well? Yes. How much? It's, we're at 4,600 a month. And what's the full, We put a hundred thousand dollars down on it and it was 745, but we owe 6 45 on it. 6 45. Okay. And anything else?


My wife has a hundred thousand dollars in student loan debt. Okay. Anything else? And then, And we have a vehicle that we just bought not too long ago. That's 23,000. Okay. And what's you guys' income Combined? About one 70. One 70. Okay. Ooh, Alan, no wonder you're taking a lot of big breaths. I am too. It's a lot going on here. Yeah. Yeah. The good news is, you know, This is simple. It is simple. I think I said the good news a little too fast.


There is good news, but yeah, the simple part is you pay off house number one that you can profit two 50. Right. And we clear out the student loans, we clear out the car. Okay. And yeah, we throw the rest of that onto your current house. That's, yeah. Okay. The cut and dry math on this, that's gonna get you to a place of peace a lot faster, easily. The, the question that I have is kind of what caused this to begin with because when you told me that just recently you bought another car and went into more debt, I kind of was like, really? That feels reckless. Yeah. Yeah. Well, probably was a little reckless. We, we have two kids and the car that we had was kind of small for just our everyday use.


And So we wanted to get something a little bigger So we got a VW atlas and you know, we just wanted something bigger. And in my, my, in my mind, like my, unfortunately my grandmother passed away a year or so ago now, and we have an inheritance coming in and I was like, okay, I'll just, we'll use that to pay for this car naturally coming in the next couple days. And it's like, okay, we can at least have an upgrade and it'd be nice to have What happened to the, to the money if you went into debt. What was that? Sorry? What Happened to the grandmother's inheritance money that only paid a partial amount of the car and you still owe 23 k?


It's, it's coming. It's, we should be getting it this week. Oh, Okay. Well that's good information though. How much is that right now? How much is that? 66,000. So total money coming to us if we sell the home, the first home plus the inheritance we're at 3 16, 300 16,000. Right. Yeah. And I think that, I felt, my Main question was like, should I sell that house? Yes. Yeah. I Would pay off all the debts And yes, You need to because Start from ground zero I or refinance. I don't think you need to refinance, but you do need to pay this down, pay this debt off and pay your house down. Because even your home payment is, it's well Above what it Should be.


It's well above what it should be. And you're probably feeling that too. So for instance, I mean, let, let's think about this. When you pay off this car, how much more is that gonna be back in your pocket? Every month? It's like three 50. Three 50. What, what, what are the student loan payments now that we're out of the Biden era? I'm not a hundred percent sure. I don't think my, we've started quite paying on it just yet. I, I'd have to ask my wife. I'm, I'm sure it's a, a decent amount. I'm sure it's maybe in the $800 range. Yeah. So that's a lot of money that you're gonna get back in your month to month and eventually get, be able to have this second house paid off because now with that 66,000, we're making even more headway to it.


Now, I know $645,000 is a lot of money and I'm not suggesting that you're gonna snap your fingers and this is gonna be gone, but it is gonna get you a lot closer to where you want to be. And I think it's gonna remove some of that weight, a lot of the weight off your shoulders. 'cause I can feel it. Yeah. And I, I'm not saying you need to refi, but I would at least talk to your mortgage pro on all of this or your bank because I'm assuming he's in a jumbo loan. And so I don't know What the, it could be like a a Yeah, I don't know what the rate difference is right off the top of my head here. And I'm not gonna spend time researching it on the air here, but I, I would at least be looking at that. 'cause you're gonna be able to put a sizable chunk on there. But this is an absolute no-brainer. And I, and it's very interesting to me that you asked a second time after Jade walked through it, you're like, so I should sell the house?


And the answer is absolutely. And I think there's gonna be people in your life who've probably already told you you shouldn't. But I want to take that on. There is, I knew it. There is, and by the way, every time everybody's called the show that I've been on and they've asked this question, same deal. Let me, let me destroy their their theory if I may. Okay? Yeah, absolutely. Well, you've got an asset and it's cashflow positive. Okay. Sound familiar? Yep. Great. Let's run the numbers. You told me that your mortgage payment on that is $1,400 a month and you're getting 2300 in rent. That is a whopping $900 a month and Right. That ain't, that ain't a lot of money. Okay.


And nine times 12 is, what is it? $10,800 a year? Sure. That's gross. That's, that's before you pay any home expenses. You are not even breaking even is my guess on some years. And if you are making a little bit of money, it's peanuts. So you remove this risk and yes, you don't have the asset anymore, but you don't have the risk And you just make more a month when you don't have it. That's my point. So I was trying to destroy their theory. Got it. Yeah. You know, this idea of, well, your cash flow positive, eh, maybe not at all, Jade. Yeah, Yeah. You could, you could be more cash flow positive by paying off this debt. Yeah.


You'd have more money in your pocket every single month. Yeah. Just with the car and student loan alone. Yeah. And then you bring that back and now you've got the, you're not paying that. Yeah. Sell the house, man. You have overextended and it's, and you're two months in. Yeah. And you might look into, yeah, like Ken said, you might look into a refi or a recast because if you're paying off hundreds of thousands on this thing Yeah. And because it is already more, you know, well above 25% of your take home, this is gonna put it in a place where you can keep it in a comfortable place, but still pay the extra payments on it as we would normally teach you to do. Yeah. Yeah. I kicked the tires on that. And to Jade's point now with now we're gonna put all this extra money and, and we're, you're in the baby step now of baby step three and all that extra money goes towards three to six months of expenses.


Talk about how that's gonna allow you to sleep. Exactly. Exactly. You know, and and I, and, and it's worth talking about that I, I can't stress this enough when it comes to houses, when people don't have them in their rightful place. 'cause you're probably a guy you want to be investing, you want to be putting 15% aside and it's really tough when you don't have your, I mean, what are you investing right now? Anything thing? Yeah, I have a, a brokerage account with Wells Fargo like advisors and there's about 80 grand in there. And I have a federal, I work for the feds. So I have a TSP account, but I mean, on a monthly basis, what percentage of your income are you putting there?


10% of my TSP 10%. So I'm glad you said that. So for this purpose, for the, for the moment, I would back that down. I would completely back that down to zero until you get this paid off. I mean, I guess essentially once you sell this house, it's not, it's gonna be a moot point, but eventually you're gonna be investing 15%. Once you've got your three to six months of expenses set up, you'll do 15%. And now it's gonna feel a lot easier to do that with all these payments freed up. So that's kind of what I'm getting at. Thinking more towards your future. Yeah, I agree. Sell it my man and sell it and never look back.


Go call every customer.


Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck. But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right. By the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay. I I, I got nowhere to go. So you need to go. Okay. Bye-Bye now move down in Truck. You had it Pull. All Right, this is, it's getting weird over there guys. So what do we do? Pull the.