
Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel RAMSEY Personality, co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. That's triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Paul is with us in Minneapolis. Hey Paul, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hey Dave, thanks for taking the call. I have another, should we pay off the house early out of our retirement question for you.


Okay. Why is this one different? Well, we're, my wife and I are both retired. I am fif, I'm 61, she's 58. We retired with the mortgage and I've got a number of differing opinions from our financial guy. I've got friends that work in the finance industry. I worked for a bank in 30 years. I guess just looking for another opinion, maybe one with a little bit more credence than some of the others, I guess. Okay. So how much do you own your home? So it's a $450,000 house. We owe 170. And how much do you have in your nest egg?


We are debt. What's that? How much, what's your net worth? What do you have in your nest? Egg Net worth is about a million and a quarter. We've got just over a million. That is investment in retirement. If your house was paid off, if your house was paid off, why would you go borrow on it? We would not. Then what's the difference? I, I guess it's just, okay, let me rephrase the question. Maybe a a a better question is if we decide to do this, is it a process over multiple years to ease a tax burden? Do we just bite the bullet and take the hit and do it once?


Or how, how would I do it? Maybe I've been doing this 30 years. I've never had anybody call me back and say they were pissed off 'cause they paid off their house. Fair enough. So one shot or would you I'd Write a check today. I'd be debt free. I'd have been debt free yesterday if I were you. And quit listening to all these idiots. There's a lot of idiots out there running around with an opinion about your money and you're a millionaire. What's, What's your mortgage payment? Alright, I'll, I'll go ahead. What's your mortgage payment right now? Mortgage payment is what? 1200? Yeah. Okay. You'd free up most of that, which then now you can invest.


So yes, you'll lose some outta that investment account, but you're gonna still invest for the next 20 years, Dude. You're just gonna sleep so much better tomorrow. Well, we're both, I mean, we're both retired. So invest is rolling. Not necessarily additional. You, you have almost zero risk in this situation because you could write a check at any minute and pay it off. If you got in a pinch. You don't really need the money in one way or the other. It's all about, you know, what is your end goal when you're 85? Do you wanna have a mortgage? You know, why would you keep it? There's no reason to keep it. You wouldn't go borrow on a paid for house in order to have more money to invest. And so write a check and sleep better tomorrow, tonight. Pay it off tonight.


Hit the submit button and then when you go and you get the mortgage release in the mail, make a copy of it. Take your shoes off, walk into the backyard, have a mortgage burning party and tell me that didn't feel good. I mean, there's just no, there's just no downside to this. You know, you're a million, you're gonna, you're gonna be okay either way if you don't follow our advice, if you follow those idiot's advice. But if I've got a financial person that's telling me to stay in debt, I'm getting a new financial person. Period. Because George, we studied 110,167 millionaires. The number of them that told us that they became wealthy because they borrowed on their home in order to invest was precisely zero.


None of them leveraged their personal residence to build their wealth. None of them. And so the idea that I continue to leverage my personal residence in the name of building Wealth is asinine based on the millionaire data. Well, we're seeing so much more of this because people have their record low mortgage rates. They don't wanna let go of Dave, why would I pay off my mortgage? You know, but I got your mortgage rate B you know what my mortgage rate is zero. I don't have one. Hello? Heck of a rate zero. I got the best rate. Come on man. Serious. So in Scenario up and down, you don't have to worry about 'em 'cause you don't need debt anymore. That's a great feeling. Instead of worrying about what the market's doing.


So yes, it hurts to write that check and lose that much money. Lose quote unquote. But you never really had it if you owed it to the lender in the first place. Yeah, Paul, pay it off, son. Pay it off you. You're, there's a bunch of intangibles that you're not even considering in this decision. You're still acting like it's primitive math or at least the idiots advising you are. So you, you're gonna sleep different. Your wife's gonna look at you like a hero. Never, never once have we had a wife said, you know, My husband borrowed deeply on our mortgage and he's my hero never came up. I love the Kermit vibe she had too there. It was great. Kinda a Miss Piggy meets Kermit. Yeah, Well it's the best I can do. I'm a hero.


It's the best I can do. Anna, as with us are, is it Anna or Anna? It's Anna, I'm sure. And she's in Grand Rapids. Is it Anna? Is that right? Yes, it's Anna. Hey, How can I help? So I recently paid off all of my student loans and in debt free. Yay. Yay. Where to go. Thank you. Yeah, So I I couldn't have done it without you, so, but I have my three, six months of expenses. I just finished that up and I'm wondering now if I should be investing my 15% or if I should be saving for a wedding that my boyfriend and I are planning to have in about a year and a half.


So I'm wondering if wedding saving for that wedding. Yeah. Okay, perfect. What Are you guys paying for this on your own? We think so We don't really want, like that's, we just wanna plan for that and then if some something comes, then we'll go for it. But yeah, we kind of just wanna plan on doing it ourselves just in case. Okay. I would set a very specific goal, a number you're trying to hit to save. And I would try to hit that before the year and a half is over and then begin investing. You got that money set aside, you know, you're not gonna have to go into debt for this wedding. That is the goal here. And so that's why we're telling you save for the wedding first. 'cause what happens is you start investing 15%, the wedding was over budget. Now we gotta put it on a credit card For sure.


Yeah. So, So what do you think you're gonna spend? We're thinking maybe between, I would say probably we were thinking between 20 and 30, depending on what rates are. But probably 25 is the goal we set. Okay, Well if you Yes, that, that, by the way, that's about an average wedding in America right now. So you're not above average. You're not below average. You're right around, there's 28,000 last year. So the, the thing is having three grown kids that all got married and I was involved in the budget 'cause I was paying for it, or at least part of it anyway, on one. All but one, all of it. But anyway, my part, the bride's part and then my son, we participated some.


So have a detailed budget, not a general goal. Lay it out. Okay, this is how much we're gonna spend on the photographer. This is how much we get on the dress. This is how much we spend on the reception and treat it, I'm sorry, but treat it like a project. You're managing a project, you are. So you have a timeline, you have a budget and you, you know, you stick to it. What must be true? Well, we can't have that. We gotta have this instead, if you don't have a very specific thing, then you'll line item, you'll, you'll get into a mess there. But that sounds reasonable. I would say for the wedding first, I've been doing this show for over 30 years and some of the saddest calls I have taken are from situations that are completely preventable.


Yeah.


And what's so hard is I feel like one of those, especially the ones that I'm like, Ugh, it's terrible air people that call in and their spouse has passed away suddenly and they don't have life insurance. When you have to think through how am I gonna pay my bills? How am I the middle? How be next Week? Yeah. How in the middle of all that grief, like it's just, it is, it's terrible. And so life insurance is the one thing, especially as a mom with three little kids that I'm like so big on for people to get because it's inexpensive. Xandr is the place that Winston and I actually get all of our life insurance And it doesn't cost much. 'cause Xandr shops among a gazillion different companies. It doesn't cost much. You just have to admit that someday you're not gonna be here. You gotta say it out loud and you gotta say, I'm gonna say I love you to my family by taking care of them and taking the time to put this stuff in place to cost those stinking pizza. To get a free quote, call 803 5 6 42 82. That's 803 5 6 4 2 8 2 Or go to xandr.com.


George Kamel, RAMSEY personality is my co-host today. Thank you for joining us. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Will is in Atlanta. I will. How are you? Good. How are you Dave? Better than I deserve. What's up? About two months ago, my grandmother passed away and I received about a 1.1 million inheritance. Wow. I'm sorry for your loss and thrilled for your blessing. What a wonderful, what a wonderful thing she did. That's amazing. Very, you're the only grandkid very Hard. No, I'm one of two grandkids. Each of you got 1.1 Yes.


Way to go, granny. Wow. But my legacy, my question today was how, how do I make the, I'm 23 years old. I was, I was just calling to find out how do I make the absolute most of this? So this is a little bit intimidating to you. Yes. Extremely Good. That's a good sign. That means you're wise. If you were having a woo-hoo I hit the lottery moment, it would mean you're a child. And so I'm glad you're a little bit, that's a great, it should take your breath away a little bit. Yeah. This kind of fear is the beginning of wisdom. So way to go.


It's a good fear. I don't want you to be panicked or anxiety ridden or anything like that. But I do want you to be aware, I just got behind the wheel of a car that is way more powerful than anything I've ever driven. And I need some driving lessons. That's what you're aware of. Good for you. So proud of you. Good, good, good, good, good. Okay. First thing is keep that mindset. Second thing is never put money in something you don't understand. No matter who says to including me anywhere you read or hear to put money in something and you can't tell somebody else how it works in detail, do not put money in it.


Okay. Okay. Which means you might be going a little bit slow at first because this money might just be sitting in a bank account. 'cause that's, that's what you grasp right now. Okay. Okay. The the third thing is in the Bible says in the multitude of counsel there is safety money. People, too many of them have a little bit of arrogance in them. And they want to tell you what to do. If you have a money person, an a financial advisor, an insurance person, a real estate person, a an estate planner that is telling you what to do instead of teaching you fire them and get another one.


You want someone with the heart of a teacher because it is not their job to manage the money. It's yours. Your grandmother didn't leave it to them, she left it to you. So it is your job to sit with a mutual fund, broker with an advisor and learn and learn and learn and learn. And, and you're doing that today. You called us. 'cause I want to learn what to do. Right. That's very good. But always look for someone with the heart of a teacher. You cannot off offload the nervousness of this responsibility by letting someone else make your decisions.


Okay. That make sense? Yes. If you have to understand it and you have to have people helping you that have the heart of a teacher, that helps you understand that those two things work together and then you're gonna move slow. You just move at the speed of your comfort at the speed of peace. When in doubt don't easy enough. Right. That is very easy. Yeah. In other words, when it, your stomach's moving up towards your throat, you wonder if this would make your grandmother angry with you. Don't do it. Which is your fourth thing. Each time you make a decision with this money, ask yourself, would this cause her sitting in heaven to smile and be proud of her grandson?


Okay. And if the answer is no, don't do it because this lady had some, this lady had some sense, she left 2 million bucks to her two grandkids. So I think we can use her as a filter for our decision making, honoring her legacy, honoring her memory, causing her to smile in heaven as our filter. And that's gonna help you also. Does that make sense to you? Yes, It does. Okay. So there's no magic formula on what to do with the money. I put mine in growth stock mutual funds, and I pay cash for real estate and I live a hundred percent debt free. And you probably already knew that. Yes, I do. And George does the exact same thing.


Absolutely. And when you look at this money as a steward or a manager of it, it changes the filter. And an easy way to do this is filter it through the baby steps, number one, but also filter it through three buckets, giving, saving, and spending. So you should give some of this and be generous, just like your grandma was. You should spend some of it and enjoy it. And you should invest probably the biggest portion of this for the future. What do you make? I currently make about 110,000 a year. Okay. So you don't need any of this? No. Yeah. And so here's an interesting thing. If you put it into something like a mutual fund and it makes 10%, it'll double every seven years. So you're, you're, you said you're 23?


Yes. 23 years old. Yeah. So it'll be 2.2 at 30 at 37, it'll be 4.4 at 44, it'll be 8.8, it'll be 16 million when you're 50 if you just don't touch it and invest it and it makes 10%. Yeah. Currently, Mind blowing. I I, I didn't get it like wired to my bank account, it just got transferred into one of the financial institutions that she was associated with. But currently it's split up about 350,000 is in personal stock choices and CDs and then 750,000 is in a managed stock account. Okay.


Well, I I don't play single stocks, So I probably wouldn't do that. Yeah. Because they're more risk. But I want you to get in there and start figuring it out. And again, there's nothing to panic about, but feeling the weight of this as a responsibility to manage is a proper philosophical, spiritual stance for you. If you do that, it'll cause your decision making to be different than just some little kid who got some money and blows it all by the time he's 26. Yeah. Okay. Because you're not, you're already more manly than that. I can tell. Very wise. Yeah. I'm very well done man. So I, I, I assume, I don't know if he said it, but no debt emergency fund in place.


That's a good spot to be investing and to buy a property with cash, a reasonable property, enjoy some of it. And then the rest I'd be investing either in more real estate if he's comfortable or just putting it in some good mutual funds. Just take your time. Just take your time. No rush. Yeah. Very, very calm. Well, good question, man. So put good people in your corner that have the heart of a teacher, they'll help you. If you want to know about the investing the way we do it and the way I personally do it and get someone with the heart of a teacher, click smart investor at Ramsey Solutions dot com, you'll find a smart investor pro or two or three in your area that, that are people that have the heart of a teacher and know the way RAMSEY does it. And they can walk you through that and teach you what you're doing.


And, and they're, they're gonna move you out of those single stocks. I can tell you that if once you understand, you're gonna move you out of those single stocks. Paul is in Cleveland, Ohio. Hey Paul, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. Thanks for having me on. How are you? Better than I deserve. What's up? I'm trying to, I recently graduated from college. I've got about $20,000 in student loan debt and about 40,000 already invested in my retirement account. Split between a Roth IRA and my company's 401k. What do you make? I'm trying to balance. What's That? What do you make? I make about $60,000 a year. Okay. You're trying to balance what?


Trying to balance, continuing to save for retirement and getting ahead on that. I'm 24 years old and just making sure that I also pay off the student loans. So obvi, I have a, got about $10,000 set aside as an emergency fund. And I'm just trying to figure out what to do next. Whether I should lump some pay down my student loans or just keep saving for retirement since the interest rates are a little bit lower than what you expect to get out of the stock market. Well Paul, I'll talk to you like I as if I went back in time 'cause I had more student loan debt than you and I made less than you. And so at 23 I was $40,000 in student loan debt. I wasn't making any progress. I was trying to play the same game. You are balancing this all.


Here's what you gotta do. Paradigm shift. Let's try a proven plan. That means we're gonna take 9,000 from this emergency fund. Pay down the debt that's gonna leave you with 11 left making 60. You're gonna knock that out quick. Pause, investing. You'll be back to investing probably in six months if you do it this way. Yeah. Investing 15%. Don't balance debt and investing. Get the debt cleared and then go whole log on the investing. That's what George is saying. And he is right. This is The Ramsey Show. This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier. And sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy.


And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. And listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy is a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about anytime and just about anywhere.


So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapist for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony. Where did you find that? George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host that was direct to the booth dudes who picked out some strange bump music there. George, That's a new one. I know them all at at this point. Pick them. The Price is right. $1, Bob.


It's like a hip game show. I would love to see you when the price is right, Dave. Ugh. It's not too late. I know. Stuck on an elevator. I don't know what happened. All right. Up next is Jacqueline in San Antonio. Hey Jacqueline, how are you? Hi guys. I'm well. Thank you. Better than we deserve. Good. How can we help? You didn't even ask, but I answered Anyway. What's up? Hey, you know, I already knew the answer. I'm on autopilot, Jacqueline. How can we help? I have a beautiful responsible 19-year-old daughter who lives with us and is about to make me a grandmother. I know. It's funny. I said responsible first, right? Except for that one time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. My, my ques well financially responsible, hardworking, excellent work ethic and, and and morally sound.


My question is how much should I be helping her throughout this pregnancy? And throughout the first month it was obviously unplanned and she's had a hard time with processing the, the whole thing and she is now unable to work. So I'm, I'm just kind of looking to you. It was sort of a light came on as I was driving and listening to you and I thought, I respect James the answers, so let's run it by him. Well, I appreciate that. Sometimes when I'm facing something like that, that is a little bit ethically or morally or I don't even know those, those aren't the right words, relationally overwhelming.


It helps me to say not what is the right answer today, but what do I do today? That is the right answer for 10 years from now. Exactly. Because we, we have a strong foundation with our kids of teaching them financial responsibility. Yeah. You know, we go by yours for years and years And so what what you got is innu Circumstance. We did Test, obviously, obviously a baby is an awesome, wonderful thing. Particularly grand babies. If I'd have known how great grand babies were gonna be, I'd have been nicer to their parents. So, you know, all of that part is wonderful. So this is a bad metaphor, but I would almost say, what if she had a car wreck and couldn't work?


She, she, she ran a red light. It was her fault and then she got hurt. Right. That's not a really good metaphor because it's not as, babies are much sweeter than that. Right. But Right. But I mean that's kind of how I think I probably would look at it. I'm just thinking like a grandpa right now or like a dad. And, and that's where my brain is stuck. This is not a 39-year-old who's done heroin for 15 years and hates me. Right. This is a 19-year-old that messed up, made a mistake that otherwise has led a, led a pretty good life is what you're describing to Me. That's correct. Yeah. When our kids graduate high school, Thank god God didn't throw all of us out in the ditch the first time we made a mistake.


Right. So I got lots of grace and mercy in this situation. If it's me, I'm just gonna take care of her like she's 17. Yeah. And Then, but, but all with the idea that we're gonna lead towards a sustainable answer when she's 25. So what's sustainable for her when she's 25? Well, obviously financial responsibility, career responsibility, mommy responsibility, living on her own and sustaining a and developing a life. Whether she does that as a single mom or later on gets married to someone. Right. You mind if I add one more thing in? Okay. When they graduate high school, we have them pay us rent immediately.


And the thing is, their grades stay up in college when they graduate, they get all that money back. So it's basically savings. If they don't, we keep it. Yeah. She was able to, in school, pay us rent $500 a month and she also saved $6,000 working full-time in six months. So she has $7,000 in her savings account. And really, my question was, do I even let her touch that? No. Are are you guys, are you guys okay financially you and your husband? We are, we're debt-free besides our house. This is not a financial lesson. This is, I'm loving my daughter through a very, very tough time. She, she had a car wreck, you know, And that's very validating.


Yeah. That, that's what I would do for my, and and I'm pretty hardcore on tough love as they call it. But this is not tough love. This is not a time for that for me. For me, this is a little scared pregnant girl and I'm gonna put my arms around her. I'm gonna love her. She's mine and we're gonna get her through this. But all not with the idea that she lives in your basement till she's 39. But the idea that she's gonna, because you gave her some room here to heal and to not, not heal, but to go through this process Well and heal. It's been traumatic, I'm sure. Yes. And, and so to go through the, and get back on her feet emotionally, relationally, make better choices going forward. This is not a pattern that represents her life.


And, and so let's get back on that track that, that she was on and, and then you got a 25-year-old. That's a, that's an amazing human being with it's an amazing mom. And, and everybody's happy and proud. Again, I'm not enabling into the distant future, but on the short term here, I just completely take care of her as if she was in ICU or something. What do you think George? Yeah, I'm with that. And I'm also wondering, you said she's unable to work. Is that just a short term thing? What does that look like? It is, she developed a pregnancy disease around five to six weeks in her pregnancy before she could even process. And she became so sick that she was hospitalized.


The good news is that it does go away the moment she delivers and she's managed now the hospitalization helps them to manage her sickness. And so she is medicated and she's managed at this point and able to function, but it's very unpredictable. Yeah. So she's not able to get another job. Yeah. Okay. This is a 19-year-old and a baby. Yeah, yeah. Take care. Just take care of her. Yeah. That's what I would do. And again, well, That's exactly what I'm going to do. Okay. You're a good mom. You got a good heart and you're not, you know, you, you, you, you've raised a, I know you're tough 'cause you raised a kid that has work ethic. You raised a kid that's make, you're making her pay rent.


You raised a kid that did this and that and this and that and, and you know, so you're, you're not a pushover enabler mom. I don't think I didn't hear that. Well I think that's where it goes into the long term ramifications. If this is still a decade from now and we're still living like this in the basement, that's where we need to go. We need to have an exit strategy out of this too. Once she's healed up and on her Feet, in my mind this is the perpendicular opposite of someone who's 31 years old and does this and is belligerent and says, if you don't help me, you'll never see your grandkid and all that kind of stuff. I have a completely different reaction to that person than I do this 19-year-old kid. And if you're 19 and you don't like me calling you a kid, I got socks older than you. So just calm down.


That's the deal I love. That just means I love you is all that means. It doesn't mean that I'm putting you down, but I got a little more rings around the tree. So that's a nice way of putting it. Little more age going here. So you know that that's the thing. So I, you know, what you're looking for in relational things period, but certainly in financial, relational things is you're looking for patterns, not singular events and patterns cause you to endorse a situation or to avoid a situation. And, and that keeps you from becoming an enabler. If you're wondering out there, and you're a mom and a dad.


So if you've got a 37-year-old that lives in your basement and will not work, that's a pattern you need to kick said butt into the street because you're not a blessing to them. You are a curse to them. You are an enabler. You have stolen their dignity, the dignity of autonomy, the dignity of standing on your own, the dignity of hard work, the dignity of killing something and dragging it home. The only thing they know how to do is play Nintendo. And it's your fault. You should be ashamed. That's a different pattern. Yeah. For moms and dads. And we got that out there 'cause we got a group of males that aren't yet men that are stuck in their mommy's basement and mommy's still doing their dad gum laundry.


And if you don't like that, that's okay. Get you a show. This is mine. So that's how this works. Wow. Well, nothing will turn you into an adult like having a baby. So the maturity, we just hit the fast forward button right there. I just getting a puppy will do it. That'll, but my gosh, a baby. Woo. That'll push it right there. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan. Request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund Services. LLC


George Kamel. RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Canada is on the line. Maggie is calling. Hi Maggie, how are you? Hi, good Dave. How are you? Better Than I deserve. What's up in your world? Well Dave, I'd like to liquidate my portfolio and be able to put it, I, I wanna trade on with cryptocurrency and I just want your opinion. Do you listen to this show? Yes, I do. Okay. What are you currently invested in? I, I have an investment account. I have TSFA and I have Arif account.


And what has caused you to go, Hey, you know what? I'm gonna trade all of that to go into crypto Because I'm losing in my portfolio drastically this year and I just know that I don't believe I'm gonna come back like for a long time. Like, I mean, they say it'll come back, but I think it's not gonna come back for 10 years and I'm already 72. So I just feel like, and I've also have experienced, like, it's not like I haven't, I have been doing crypto trading now for a, for a while. Have you seen the crypto market? It's a lot darker than the stock market.


You're trading a paper cut for a stab. Well I, I've made money in the crypto market. How much? Probably about $10,000. Is that enough to retire on? No. What's in your investments currently? But but I've also picked contracts that have been low, like lower definitely because I haven't had money that much money to, to do anything with At, at your age. I'm not gonna go to Vegas and just put it all on black and hope for the best. That's not a great retirement plan. That worries me.


Okay, lemme let's back up. Let's back up a second. Okay. You are, it worries. You're scared because your good investments went down and Yeah, right about the time I get desperate and scared is the step before I get really stupid, desperate people and highly greedy people make the worst financial mistakes. And your fear is making you do statistically or suggesting that you do statistically the equivalent of putting this money on a roulette wheel or a hand of poker because crypto is extremely volatile, extremely risky, at least 100 times more risky than your current retirement portfolio at least.


And you're telling me, oh, I put money in the slot machine and I came out with more money than I put in. Yeah, Well I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it myself. I have a, a trader that's helping me. You know, like, like, So I never close my market in a negative position. It's always in a positive position in crypto. Okay, Well Maggie, you do what you want. I'm 62. Yeah, I, my net worth is hundreds of millions of dollars and I have precisely zero in crypto. Right. And I'm not desperate and I'm not scared. Warren Buffet said, And you have, you have a, you know, the idea that you have a traitor doing it for you scares me for you even more because this is giving you false confidence.


A you've had some wins. B you have someone whispering in your ear how wonderful they are and how they are going to take care of you. Which is how people that are 72 years old lose everything they own. This is how it happens. Okay, please don't do this. But I don't think that the decision is really up in the air. I think you've already made your decision And if I told Maggie, Hey, two years from now your money's gonna be back to where it was in your retirement account. I don't know that she would do it. But it's hard to see that far out ahead when you just see your accounts bleeding out. And so you just wanna do anything to not be doing that. One of the wealthiest men in the world says be greedy when others are cautious and cautious when others are greedy.


And that's Warren Buffett. And he doesn't mean greedy, like being a, a bad person, a lack of character, greedy. He means be aggressive when others are cautious and cautious when others are aggressive. And crypto is no place to play with money that you can't afford to lose. And you're gonna lose it. And then you're gonna call me back and say, well I might, I had this guy who made me, you know, and he's singing a siren song and I I sure hope you don't do it, honey. I sure hope you don't do It. Well it sounds like this traitor's probably telling her, hey, oh I'm telling you this, it's liquidating, gimme all your money. This traitor is definitely, he's talked to her up big time. He's buttered her bread and this guy's a freaking con artist.


He's a crypto con man. Well we've also have the quote from Warren Buffett saying he wouldn't pay $25 for all of the Bitcoin in the world. Yeah. And I think he's got more money than me, you and your trader put together. So you know that. And I don't disagree with that at all. So it's just an extremely volatile market and that's being kind, it's crazy. Crazy is what it is. But I I don't have any money in it. And there's a reason crypto is way more down. Well how much is it down George? Do you Know? I mean there was, it depends on what coin. I mean a lot of 'em went bankrupt. There's Fraud, there's scams 97%. So, Oh, and by the way too, Maggie, the number it it, the number of people that have the number of dollars lost not in Bitcoin or not in crypto but in fraud associated with crypto is what I mean.


Billion in the billions. Billions. Yeah. It's two, two and a half billion dollars at this point have been lost to crypto. Sad. And, and lemme tell you who the number one target of the type of fraud and con is people over 65 people that are desperate and scared Empty Promises. And so I'm not saying your traitor is a con artist, I'm just saying there's a higher probability that he's a con artist than if he was in any other business because of the number of crypto con artists that are out there. People that are this, this thing is drawn the worst of the worst worst. And so you can do what you wanna do, but you made the mistake of calling here and asking and we will Give you our opinion and we are experts on our opinion.


Jessica is in Michigan. Hi Jessica. What's up? Hi, my name is Jessica and I am 37 years old and I'm a single mom of two. And my question is, is how do I get the momentum to, I'm on data step number one. I am about 30, or I'm sorry, $17,000 in debt between student loans. No cost. My car's completely paid off, but I'm just trying to get momentum into getting that cash shaved up for baby step number one. 'cause I always try to validate my purchases and I'm just trying to find a way to get the momentum to stop validating the what? Income purchases.


What's your Right now I make about a little over 38 a year. Okay. Alright. What has caused you to wanna do this plan in the first place? I have been listening to Dave Ramsey off and on for about, let's see, about 11 years. But I've really jumped into it more in the last couple of months, wanting to say, wanted to change my family tree. I come from a family where yeah, we're, we've all not been so great with money and my dad Actually died. I'll tell you how I did it. Jessica, as a fellow spender. Yeah. I looked at my kids, they were babies and we were broke because of my stupidity.


And I said, I'm not doing this anymore. I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired. And every time I got ready to spend, I treat, I would ask myself, if I had to not spend this money so that I had the money to save the life of my child, could I do it? Could I find the discipline? And that was an easy answer of course. And So I did stuff like I would practice going to Costco and buying nothing and walking out. And that was like a breakthrough for me because I truly thought that if you went to Sams or Costco that they check your, your receipt on the way out to that it was federal law that you had to spend $200 or you couldn't get out, they wouldn't let you out. That's why they check it. And yeah, I was that guy and, and So I just had to, I kind of had to equate it with the life of my children, which is a bit melodramatic, but it's also kind of true 'cause you wanna change your family tree, you said?


Yeah. What does 40-year-old Jessica wanna look back on and say, man, I'm so glad Jessica made those decisions. And if that means, you know, taking away your debit card information from every website that you have, hiding it, having accountability with a friend, do whatever it takes. I would think if you've got a spending problem that Amazon prime's not even a possibility. I'm cutting that outta my Life. It's gotta, you gotta turn it off. If you've got a spending problem, if you're trying to say no, I'm not gonna spend, 'cause I mean that's just so easy. It's easy for me, you know, and I teach this stuff for a living. So you just gotta, you gotta equate it with a big why. And you gotta be sick and tired of being sick and tired and then gradually you'll reform your character.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Mortgage rates have dropped. So if you're thinking about buying a home in the next year, contact your local Churchill mortgage team right now. If you wait, more people will be in the market competing for the same homes and potentially driving up prices. Churchill will help you do the math to be sure your budget is correct, making your home a blessing and helping you build lasting wealth. Learn more@churchillmortgage.com. Churchill mortgage.com. This Is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in mls consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show. We help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. The phone number is triple eight eight two five five two two five. Melanie is with us in Philadelphia. I'm Melanie, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. So excited to be here. Thank you for taking my call. We're honored. How can we help? First of all all, let me just say George, I'm reading your book. It's super awesome. Oh, thank you so much. Appreciate that. So yeah, no problem.


So my, my question is, so My husband and I are in baby step two. I'm working two full-time jobs. He's a school teacher and also has a training, like a personal training gig on the side that he does. He rents his own facility, but he's had it for four years. And my concern is that he really hasn't made any profit off of the business. He makes just enough to just pay the bills at in the business. At what point do I have that conversation that it may not be worth his time in the business just because it's just not bringing in enough? Yeah, I mean anything that doesn't make money is called a hobby.


Right. It's Not a side hustle, it's a hobby. He likes working, he likes personal training so much. He's willing to do it for free Almost. I mean, he makes some money, but not as much as I think he should. 'cause he is been doing it for about Four years now. Are you changing your tune in the middle of the call? Which is it? How much does he really make net profit on the thing? Probably it, it varies every month. So it can run range January from 1500 to like 2,500 a month Profit. Oh, well You said after he pays his bills, he's not making much. If Anything He's not, He's not What Bills, has he got the rental on this place?


Well, Yeah, just the rental on the place and then, you know, he has like that his utilities are included with the rent in the facility and then he has like, I dunno, his internet or something that he pays. Okay. So he's getting 1500 to 2,500 in what's the rent? 1600. So it almost takes everything. So If he doesn't make 1600 in a month, he loses money. Right. Okay. Well I I I don't think it's unreasonable to sit down tonight and say, honey, I I, we've got to look at this as a business and, and we need to look and see what we've got to do with your pricing and the number of clients that you have to make what you're doing over there profitable because it's not okay that you're spending all this time over there and potentially even losing money.


Right. So let's get, let's get out the numbers. Let's get out the numbers and run a p and l on this thing and just, just sit there tonight and run a spreadsheet on it. How long has he been doing it? He's had this place now for four years. Okay, well let's go back la you know, for the last 12 months. Pull, pull the revenue and then put in 1600 a month and then put in the internet fee a month and, and let's see if we've really got a profit or not Figure out what his hourly wages on this. My guess Is go what you, Jim, you know, you made 500 bucks and you spent 600 hours over there, Right? You're Making a dollar an hour. Come on man. Yeah. So, you know, as a business owner, how do you, like, at what point do you say like, it's just not viable anymore?


No, I mean, how Much he's supposed to be like an adult and stuff. He teaches children. Yeah. Yeah, he does. What Does he teach? Health and phys ed. Okay. And how, how, what, what age children Anywhere from kindergarten to high school. Okay. And so we would assume that they know how to do basic addition of subtraction. Yes. And he should If he's teaching, I mean really I, we're, we're, he needs, you know, you need to sit down with him and say, I I need you to look at this through the eyes of a business and let's look at it for a few minutes and let's see if you think this is worthwhile.


Okay. But I don't, you don't need to tell him he needs to, he ought to be able to, a logical adult, male female should be able to come to a conclusion on this without his wife or husband telling them. I mean, you ought to be able to look at it and go, I'm making a dollar hour. No. Yeah, that doesn't cut it, you know, I'm supposed to be providing for my family during this time. No, no. And you guys are in debt and So I think that's a part of this equation is we need to actually make money right now. So here's the thing. Anytime we're in a business situation with our entree leadership clients on a side hustle or a small business idea, we we do one of a couple things. One is we have to ask ourselves what can we change to make this viable?


And if the answer is there's not a change that'll make it viable, then it's time to shut it down. Okay. I mean, I think you guys are gonna look at this and figure out I can that even him enough time. I think you're gonna look at this and figure out you put $18,000 or what is $19,000 in rent into it last year? You know, and he brought in 19,500 bucks. I think that's what you're gonna find. Yeah, I think so too. And, and you know, so, and then how many hours you spend over there, divide that into 500 and you look at him and go, honey, what part of this is smart? None. Right? Right. So, You know, so we, something has to change.


This is not okay. We have to raise our prices, increase the number of clients, both, or we gotta say we're not doing this anymore. Okay. Yep. We're gonna have that conversation. I appreciate your Yeah. Your opinion on That. I guess the other thing is, you know, do you have a basement? We do. Why Don't you do it down there? Yeah. Idea. 1600 bucks ahead per month instantly. Another thing people do now is they'll go to your house and do the workout there. Oh yeah. Yeah. And the other thing they can, he can do is just go work at a gym that already has personal training and they hire him and pay him money so he doesn't have any of the overhead.


Yeah. So there's a lot of options. I think part of the equation on the business model may be getting rid of this rent and suddenly Yeah, you're, you're doing in-home work and in your homework in, in other people's homes for them, you know, personal training, you go visit Jim, then you go visit George and then you do whatever. I mean, that's the dream. And they pay you money, you know, and I have a gym in my house. We did that for a long time. And so my wife made fun of me. She said, you know, the guy's counting for you, that's what you needed. You can't count to 10 you's paying that Guy's what you needed in that moment. Paying That guy big money for counting. I was, no, I'm paying him for accountability. Ooh, there's that. But I, I, I can count to 10. I already can do one, two.


I can, I can count. But you need a guy yelling at you other than the guy in your head, no, We don't need anybody yelling at me. But, but we need, someone wouldn't, well just, I know if he's gonna come over there, then I'm gonna do the workout. Right. Otherwise I might find my little butt on the sofa. You know, that could happen. And so that's, that's what, you know, that's what a personal trainer does sometimes We know what we can google the workout. We hire the personal trainer because we need that level of handholding right now. Yeah. I mean if you, that's okay. Yeah. So I mean, do it. He could, he could provide the service, like George is saying, charge even more to come to people's homes in person and or in your basement and or if you're gonna keep the location, you gotta make the location.


Having the location needs to cause you to make more money than not having the location would cause you to make, I think you're gonna get rid of this location at a minimum. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death and predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay outta debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Are you Determined to get outta debt and build wealth this new year? Then don't leave out an important step, which is having the right insurance. Don't make the mistake of thinking you can get by with minimal coverage or no coverage at all. Because when Murphy comes knocking and he will, you'll start backsliding further into debt if you don't have the money to pay for it and if you don't have the right insurance. So take our insurance coverage checkup. We make it easy with a free tool that helps you find out if you have all of your bases covered. Check it out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my cohost today.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi? If you're in over your head with private student loans and tired of getting calls from collection agencies, you may need why refi? Why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans so that other places won't touch, they Give you a low fixed rate loan built for you. Go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY might not be in all states.


Today's question comes from Chad in South Carolina. He says, I work full-time and I have a lawn care business on the side. Part of my business income was paid in cash and partly by payment apps like Venmo, et cetera. I've been paying taxes on everything except the cash. And I was wondering morally and legally how I should handle that income. Obviously I already pay a lot of taxes and I'm trying to save money where I can, should feel, should I feel bad about this? And if so, should I clear everything up with the IRS and pay back what's due to them? You can decide if you wanna go back or not and deal with it and how far back you want to go. But income in America, regardless of how it's received, is taxed.


That's the law. And so it is a moral and an ethical thing to pay taxes on. Money you receive as cash period. And I pay taxes. I mean, if we get paid in cash for something here, it all goes into the revenue and it all goes into the calculation and we pay taxes on it just like we do everything else. So mechanically how you can do it is when you get paid in cash, just deposit it into the business bank account and then it'll be reflected there as income. And that'll help you do the totals and figure out what you're supposed to do with your quarterly estimates on your business. That's the mechanics of it. So Chad, one of the things I I read several years ago that really leans into this George as far as I'm concerned, is Tom Stanley, the great Tom Stanley who did the original book, the Millionaire Next Door.


He and I became friends before he passed away. His daughter Sarah, we interact with her now. She still does research on, on millionaires and billionaires and so forth. He did another book called The Millionaire Mindset later. There's two books by that name. But he did one by that name and or he studied billionaires that wasn't millionaires or billionaires. And he studied people who had accumulated a billion dollars from nothing. And so these were very, very billion is a thousand million. And he did, he went out this, this research a little bit different. He tried to find the correlating things in their life, you know, married, were they married one time?


Had they been married six times? What was their education? You know, what were the things in their life that led them to be in a position to do this? And he found 37 different items or things that he correlated and the then he forced ranked them in how often they appeared. Oh, so number, number 37 appeared the least often among the billionaires. And number one appeared in every one of them. And number one that appeared in these people who became billionaires from nothing was that they had fanatical levels, levels of integrity, character.


Every time he interviewed a competitor, a friend, an employee, a former employee, his kids, his wife, when they spoke of this man, they always spoke of impeccable integrity. Not just honesty, but integrity is a wholeness to it. And it's, he's the same on Sunday as he is on Monday. If he says he, if he says this guy is falling duck. I mean, this guy is impeccable, fanatical about his integrity. And, and that reinforced to me that when I don't pay my taxes, it has nothing to do with whether the taxes are just or not.


It has to do with I'm not doing the right thing. It's my integrity. It doesn't reflect on them. Anybody who has walking around since pretty much agrees that the federal government and the IRS and the income tax system is a complete moronic train wreck, it's absolutely unfair and horrible. But that doesn't say anything about my integrity. My integrity is I'm gonna follow the law. Exactly. It's what they said to do. I'm not looking for a shortcut. And so we report every stinking dime that we take in at the Ramseys because it ha makes a statement about me, not about them.


And then I'm going to also make another statement about me. I'm going to spend a lot of money with attorneys and CPA firms to try to figure out what I legally don't have to pay. And I'm not paying a stinking dime more than I got to on the other side of that. 'cause I hate. But still, my dislike of the tax system is not gonna be reflected. Not gonna change me as an, as a person of integrity. 'cause I wanna be on that list that Tom Stanley did. You know, I wanna be in that. I wanna be in that lineup with that hall of fame right there. So if you wanna build sustainable wealth and have your integrity intact, pay your Taxes, Chad. So that, that's it.


It's that simple. And you know, I'll, I'll go so far as this, lemme just, let's just carry that on out a little bit. Fanatical integrity means like when you work for someone and they pay you to work there. When you're not working, you're stealing. When you're sitting on your Facebook account for three hours while you're being paid to do work that you're not doing, that's not integrity. That's stealing. It's not cute. Everybody does it, but everybody's broke and everybody doesn't have a good life. And everybody struggles in their relationships.


And everybody can't deal with anything except their anxiety and their heart attacks and their obesity and everything else. So everybody, you don't wanna be like, so here's what's weird. Even if it's not popular with your coworkers while you're at work, work all day every day, because that makes a statement about you, not about them. It's not about, well, my bounce is toxic. Oh, kiss my butt because they wanted you to work. Now you are, you have a toxic ball. It's a toxic work environment.


They expect me to work and I can't live on Facebook. You're killing me here, dad. Come snowflakes work while you're at work. It's an integrity issue, you know? And So I it carries through every part of your life. And I'm bother, you know, get there five minutes early, get there five minutes late. Leave five minutes late. Don't be the first one. Screeching the tires outta the dad come parking lot every afternoon. You know, it's not that hard. That's a sign of integrity. It's a sign of integrity. And I figured out being on time is integrity. I hate that one. Once I figured it out though, I, I'm, I'm, I'm out trains running on time around here. We put a little clock up on things, staff meetings, got a little countdown clock and we start at eight 30.


We don't start at 8 32, we start at eight 30 and you come wandering your little butt in six minutes late. It's, you know, well there's traffic. Well there's traffic every day. There's nothing new about that. There's traffic. Of course there's traffic. You know, I had to get the kids ready for school every day. You know, it's not a surprise. You know, we do, you know, if I tell Sharon I'm gonna be home for dinner at five 30, I come walking in at 5 37. She's like, it's getting cold. Food's cold, getting cold. You said five 30. And you know, and she's not a butt about it. I'm not a butt to our team about this stuff, but these are things I had to start talking to myself about.


And that type of character is the type of character that grows billionaires, Chad. And so pay you taxes, honey, every dime of them. Hope that was clear. It is true though. It's interesting how that carries through. Every part of your life, your career, your marriage, your relationships, your finances, being on time, being the person you said you were gonna be, being On the person of character. Do what I said I was gonna do. Follow through, follow through, follow through. And, and, you know, God, I can't stand being late. 'cause it says, I didn't think they were important enough to get there on time. It's arrogance. Can't stand it. Stinking airlines unbelievable, man.


What's delta mean? When you're looking up in the creek? We ain't gonna be there. That's what it means. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean, it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories and not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will thank you. That's knock box N okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey, George Kamel here. So you're thinking about buying or selling your home. It's exciting, but there's a lot to think about. And all those decisions can feel overwhelming. Well, here's the good news. You don't have to tackle the process alone. Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base is the place to find all of your free tools and resources for help to get prepared to buy or sell your home. With confidence. You'll find calculators start to finish, guides a podcast, and even an in-depth video course hosted by yours. Truly what's not to love. So if you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Thank you for joining us America. George Kamel RAMSEY personality is my co-host. Joe is in New York City. Hi Joe, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi. My parents have recently taken out two loans to remodel their home in the amount of $55,000. And they're trying to tell me I'm responsible for it and I want to know if I should agree to this or not. I'm Sorry. Why would you be responsible for a loan on their house? I'm confused Because after I left college, I moved back in with them and I've been with them for the past five years. So That's how I see it as well.


Was there not room for you and they had to create an extra room for you and you requested this? No, it was my, it was my same room from high school. In fact, when they were looking to get the home redone, I told them no. I was part of the conversation with the contractors that came to look at the House. How old are you? I'm 31. Why do you still live at home? I have a lot of student debt. I'm working through right now. You need to move out. I agree with you. You should have moved out 10 years ago. What in the world? What In the world? I mean, I, no, you're not obligated morally, legally, ethically, anything here. I have no idea where they got this.


I don't, I don't understand the conversation even. But I also am not gonna tell you to stay there one more minute. You shouldn't be there. It's not good for you. It's Not good. I've been paying down my student loans So I can recast the Money. It doesn't, it doesn't matter. It's not good for you. Okay. Even if it slows down your debt payoff. This is stunting your growth and it's causing this relationship to be strained, which it may already be. It's too strained. Yeah. To repair, I don't know. What do you do for a living? I work with the local department of Social services. What do you make? 60 grand a year. Okay, so you, your degree is in what?


It's in environmental science. Okay. And what do you owe on this degree? Oh, when I last booked 110. Okay. Alright. Well it, it, it sounds like you probably are gonna have to make some career choices as well. And you're probably gonna to pick up some part-time income and be working like a maniac because you're not, you're not making progress. Okay? You're, you're not. You need to be paying like 30,000 bucks, 40,000 bucks a year on the loan to make it go away in two or three years. And, and you can't do that making 60 living in New York City.


And so you're probably need a different job and you need six other jobs in addition to that. And let's get your income up and get you out and get you into the world in a sustainable situation. So the the odd thing is, is the reason you stayed there was to pay down your student loans and you haven't ta-da time to go bud, time to go get you a better job, go get you lots of jobs and get you a different place to live and pay down the student loans for real this time. But, so that was mythology that you told that was a lie you told yourself so that, and, and you didn't mean to, but lots of people do this Five years with very little bills.


You should have made some serious progress on the debt. And it sounds like it's just, you get comfortable living at home. You sort of resort to your old childhood self and you don't make as much progress as you think. And I, you know, the frustration with the 31-year-old still living in your basement could boil over into a misguided toxic claim that you owe us money for us taking out debt. You know, like the parents have kinda lost their minds a little bit and this is their Resentment Starting to show this is, this is their toxic methodology to solve a failure to launch. Like, well, we can get 'em to pay us debt.


This is our way of kicking you out. But, 'cause we don't know how to do it and we're, we're all, and we're all really frustrated. So that's probably where some of this is coming from. But it, but to answer your question, no, you do not owe the money. Yes, you should be gone by the end of the month, at the end of next month for sure. And you may need a new job by that time too. And you may need a, a new state to live in by that time too. You need to live in an affordable area, make a pile of money and clean up the mess. Because while you were living with a place with no rent, you made no progress or no sustainable progress. No measurable progress. Tom is in Chicago.


Hey Tom, how are you? Dave and George? Is it, it it is an honor to speak with you both. You too. What's up? I've been renting a townhome for many, many years and the homeowners through their property manager have informed me that they now want to sell and have asked me if I'd like to purchase it before they list it. I, I don't know how to handle it in that situation without, without it being listed of course. If or just a, a house that I was looking after, going after, nor in a normal situation, I know I'd get a realtor.


Do I get a realtor in this situation? Since it's not being listed? I don't know if I'm allowed to do that. You're allowed to do anything. It's just a matter of who's gonna pay for it and whether you actually need it or not. So you need a mortgage, right? And you need someone to guide you through the contracting process and the mortgage process and the appraisal process and all of that. Are they giving you a price on the property? Yes. Okay. They've given me a price of 330 based on some comps that the property manager pulled up who is a, is a realtor.


I didn't like the cops. I wasn't, I didn't agree with those comps. They were in an area not very close to me. And when I looked at them, the were much nicer than, than this, than this home. So I don't know how to, you know, combat that. So they have, they have a real estate agent. It's called a property manager. It's a licensed real estate agent. Yes. And they're probably gonna list it with this person E eventually, but they're asking me before they list it. Yeah, but it doesn't wanna buy it. What's the benefit to you? It doesn't, there's no benefit to you. They're not getting a deal. There's no bargain. I guess the deal, I guess the benefit is that no one else would be able to make an offer on it.


Oh yeah. Okay. I mean, if you had a transaction you were comfortable with and you can go through and get your mortgage and everything, you can go to a title company, get a contract drawn up and do this. I, I don't, I think this, this transaction so far from happening that you probably do need a pro in your corner to help you navigate the negotiation and then help you navigate the closing, help you navigate the appraisal, help you navigate the getting of the mortgage and all the different things. All of things you don't know how to do. So, but if you had all those things already lined up, you could, you don't have to have a real estate agent, but you can, in this case, I think you'd benefit from one and just say, you know, they were gonna, if they list it, typically what happens is the listing agent, in this case, the property manager, they're gonna put a 6% commission on it or something about like that.


And then the, the agent that represents the buyer is going to split that with the selling agent. Typically that's a normal transaction. And so, you know, if you get a real estate agent to represent you and they work with the selling agent before it actually goes on the market, but a commission is still paid, it didn't cost you anything. It cost them something. And, and you know, the, the lemme tell you, if you just buy it right now, I think this agent is gonna get both of the commissions. They're probably gonna charge that seller a full commission.


So yes, the answer is I'd go get a real estate agent Yes. In your situation would, yes. I mean, it's kind of borderline, but I think there's, I think there's a lot of a, there's another real estate agent already involved. Okay. B, you don't like the comps, so you got some negotiating to do. C you gotta have somebody walk you through the closing process and the mortgage getting process and the appraisal process. So all of those things tell me, yeah, I put a real estate agent in your corner. It's just worth it for the stress factor at this point. Well, and The, and the money factor and the expertise to guide you through a journey that you've never been on, You might negotiate and save you 30 grand to where it was. Alright, it was worth it.


Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent will help you find a RAMSEY trusted agent in your area to help you do that.


This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey guys, no matter what your goals are in 2025, our New Year's sale has tools and resources you need to get the year started Strong with prices starting at just $9 and 99 cents. Whether you wanna make progress with your money, grow in your career, or create a more peaceful life, you can achieve your goals. And these books and products can help shop the New Year's Sale now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


George Kamel RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Open phones at triple eight eight two five five two two five. Danny is with us. Danny is in Boca Raton. Hi Ben. Danny, how are you? I'm doing all right. How are you? Better than I deserve sir. How can we help? So I have a 3-year-old and a six week old. Me and my wife would like to put some money away for them. We were wondering what the best thing would be. Okay. Are you, well we teach folks a thing called the A process for becoming wealthy and taking care of all the different components of our life called the baby steps.


You may have heard of that, you may not. But the first thing you would do is not put money aside for your kid. The first thing you would do is to set money in an emergency fund of $1,000, a beginner emergency fund. The second thing is get out of debt. Everything but the house. How much debt do you guys have? Pretty much none. We only have two credit cards, but they're, there's no debt on them. We have about $3,000 in emergency funds. Okay. No card debt? No student loan debt? Nope. Good. What's your household income Together is about 80, 85, 90.


Okay, Cool. Well once you've done baby step two, which is debt free, but the house, all that means is you need to place some scissors to cost those credit cards and cut 'em up. Start using debit cards so you don't accidentally slip into debt, which people do all the time. Then we would go on to baby step three, which is finish the emergency fund and you're short on that. You got a $3,000 now account and it needs to be three to six months of expenses. Once you have that, then you would begin investing in your retirement, 15% of your income going away for retirement. And once you got that started, then you start saving for the kids' college, which is what you're calling about. And, but the best thing you can do to stabilize the the family for the kids is to, you know, to be, to be out of debt and be building your investments.


And then in addition to that, we can start saving for kids college. If you click on smart investor at Ramsey Solutions dot com, you might find a smart investor pro that you will find a smart investor pro that we recommend. Sit down with one that you like that has the heart of a teacher and you'll wanna learn about five 20 nines and ESAs and putting money in mutual funds for your kids' future. Is that what we're talking about here? Yes sir. Okay. It says on my screen something about an IUL. Yeah, we were looking into those because my wife. But you've got a friend in the insurance business.


Yeah. Yeah. And guess guess what? Which by the way, every, the Nobody's way more commission off of that. Yeah. So I Ls are awful. It's an indexed universal life. You never do investing inside of a insurance policy. It is the world's worst place to do investing. The only people in all of the financial world that recommend that you invest inside of a life insurance policy are insurance people. Nobody else does. Nobody else believes that crap. It's so outdated, so outmoded. It's covered in fees. Horrible product. Don't do it. Was I unclear? No, sir. Okay. And by the way, your kids don't need life insurance.


Life insurance is meant, meant to replace your income in case something happens to you. So you, your wife, you both need a good term life policy, meaning it's not for your whole life. We're talking about a 15, 20 year level term life policy. 10 to 12 times your income. If you have those in place, you can rest easy at night. Yeah. And then if something happened to the two of you, kids will be taken care of. Right? Right.


But the, and you get that at Xandr Insurance dot com, they'll shop a gazillion companies get you the best deal. That's who you deal with. So, and It's way more affordable than these IUL policy. It'll Be 5%, $5 if your IU L's a hundred bucks, this'll be five bucks. It literally is 5%. It's horrible man. So just stay away from that.


So, you know, walk your way up into investing in real investments and in the meantime make sure you've got term life insurance in place and you've got the whole thing taken care of. Dave, I'm seeing this all over social media, I don't know why, but the young people are gravitating towards these universal life policies and here's how it's marketed. They go, you know it, you're supposed to use your life insurance while you're alive. Did you know that? And everyone's like, oh my gosh, this is brilliant. This investing policy inside of my whole life. Oh my gosh, this is amazing. I'm gonna become a millionaire. And the commissions and fees these guys are making, selling this crap is insane. Yeah. And the amount of time you have to spend pulling, pulling that premium every single month in order to make any amount of money is absurd.


Well, I don't know how it's legal. The indexed universal policy is, it's a newer version of an old bad idea is what it amounts to. And so what you're gonna find, if you take this product apart and look at the components of it, the insurance portion goes up every year. It's basically what we call an A RT, an annual renewable term term insurance. All life insurance gets more expensive every year that you're alive. Period. 'cause you're statistically more likely to die every year you're alive. Right? Brilliant. So if you're 51, you're more likely to die statistically than if you're 50 period. Okay. End of story. Now why would you get, how do you get then a 15 or a 20 year level term insurance?


Well, it is cheaper than the average of the 15 year of increases. The a RT would start out cheaper and it would end higher and the lines would cross right in the middle, hypothetically, if it was exactly how, you see what I'm saying? So the a RT would go, it'd go straight up and the 15 year would be level and it would cross right in the middle at seven and a half years. However, it doesn't do that because it is cheaper for an insurance company to produce a 15 year policy than because they keep you for 15 years than it's called persistence in the real insurance business than it is for them to try to get you to stay with a policy that goes up every year. Can you imagine that if you get a bill and every year it goes up, you're probably more likely to cancel that So that policy doesn't stay on the books.


So it's more expensive for them to sell aarts. So net result is a 15 year is way cheaper than the average of 15 years of a RT. Okay. Now the index universal goes up every year inside the policy, but you don't see it. So if you've got a $400 premium, a certain portion, like on your, you know, if you ever look at your mortgage, your mortgage payment, a portion goes to interest, a portion goes to principle. The further you go along, more goes to principle, less goes to interest. This is exactly the opposite. The further you go along, more goes to insurance, less goes because the AR a RT is going up every year inside there, less is going to your investments.


And so if you keep the stupid thing long enough, it will begin to be the point that the premium you're paying will not even cover the insurance cost. Oof. And so it starts to eat back into your savings just to keep the policy alive. And the thing gets what we call upside down in the insurance business. And so now you've got a real piece of crap that's that's eating itself from the inside out. But they pitch it as this really sophisticated nuanced, listen, it's so complicated. You don't understand. Just trust me. Yeah. As your insurance guy, I am gonna make you lots of money. Lemme Give you a clue. Okay? When you drive past most cities, the skyline has banks and life insurance companies. These are the two towers in every skyline.


Santa Claus didn't build those, and those people didn't build them with wealth. They inherited, they built them with money they took from you banks screwing you, life insurance companies screwing you. This has been going on for decades. Nothing new. It's not a new, it's not a new song, not a new dance. And just because you put it on TikTok for god's sakes, doesn't make it smart. As a matter of fact, that kind of dumbs it down. Oh Damn. That's a trigger word for you. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have mentioned anything. You're, I mean, It's just like What we teach is that you should take the difference that if you pay a five bucks for term life versus a hundred for whole life, life, take the 95 bucks you would've spent and invest that. And you're gonna be way better off than having touched one of these crappy policies.


Yeah. Oh, here, by the way, after you paid an extra on this all these years and you die, they only pay the face value. They'll pay the face value plus your savings that you've been paying extra to Bill. So it's like a savings account with a crummy rate of return That gets locked Up that when you die, they keep your money. I mean, what? Who would bank with that? Oh, people that buy stuff on TikTok. I think Danny needs better friends. Yeah. Well it's time. No, I Mean that happens to everybody. I I. Because that's how most particularly whole life, permanent life, crappy life insurance is sold is some old friend from college suddenly remembers You. My buddy from Northwestern Mutual said, yeah, For God sake, let's be done with that.


Oh, that's horrible. That happened to me. That happened to me. I bought it While we've all been, when I was a child, boy. Yep, I sure did. I did the same stupid stuff. And I have a decree in finance and I fell for the Crap. Now he's a grown man America. He made it. This is The Ramsey Show.