
Welcome to The Ramsey Show, America, where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, winning your work, and win with your relationships. Happy, happy New Year Live For the first time in 2025, George Kamel is alongside Happy New Year. Ken, anything you think? You think you and I'm Ken Coleman and we're here for you. Triple eight eight two five five two two five Is the phone number triple eight eight two five five two two five. Alright, George, you ready to get it started? I hope So. I'm a caller call. Call foggy. You're a little foggy. Callers are lined up and, and we're going to Australia for the first call of the show today. How fun is this? Charlene joins us.


Charlene, how can we help today? Hi guys. Happy new Year. Thanks for taking my call. You bet. What's going on today? A question about my frivolous bending is where we're at to start off The New Year, a little about my background. I'm a single mom to a toddler earning 88,000 annually and working part-time. Wow. I have a budget that I think, or at least I thought was quite strong, and there's a line item in my budget for food and spending, but without fail, I'm blowing through that allowance every month and I'm just as little to no enjoyment with the, the things that I'm spending that money on.


And so there's always kind of buyer remorse and always way more mumps than there is money. And So I, no matter how I tweak the budget, I just can't seem to fix it. And so It's not a budget issue. It sounds like it's a behavior issue. So give well, yeah, give us an idea. Yeah. Give us an idea of this, you called it food and spending. I know George wants to know this. I wanna know what do, what do you include in food and spending? And then give us an idea of the consistencies of what you're spending too much money on in that line item of food and spending Takeout.


First and foremost, I hate to cook so there's a, a lot of dining out or fast food takeout that, that's being spent. And it's shopping of any source. I I can't stop myself from just buying anything that I see online or walk past the store. Or if my son, you know, looks at something and there's a twinkle in his eye, he'll immediately get it. And, and there's just no second of thought. I, I, I just buy and then it, it's almost immediately after I've made the purchase that I get that buy it's remorse and I'm annoyed with myself that I've bought it, but, you know, damage is already done.


So, yeah. I'm trying to figure out a way to, to stop the swiping instead of feeling bad about it afterwards. Well, one way that the easiest, fastest way is to get rid of the mechanism that you are using to swipe. Is this a credit card that you're using? Yes. Yes and no. I I, I've got the cash. I just don't like using the cash because I know that I, I, history has told me I'm not gonna have enough at the end of the month. So I do use my credit card and it does get paid off every month. But yes, I use the card so that, But you see what happened there.


Say if you cut up the card and you only had the cash, which was only enough to cover your bills, you know what you would do? You would just cover your bills. But then what happens if I can't eat what you Use the cash to eat and cover your bills. There's, there's, I don't have enough to eat and then there's, I'm spending all my money on fast food and takeout. There's a big difference because you don't wanna cook. Yeah. And here's the deal. Nobody's telling you you gotta be, you know, the greatest cook in the world and all this, but you're a single mom, so we gotta take care of you in the, in the, in the toddler. And this is gonna come down to, I think it's two things, George. One, I'm, I'm seeing there's, there's an emotion that you're not handling very well and you're medicating the emotion with stuff.


And then there's the emotion of guilt or exhaustion or something along the cooking to where you go, I don't want to do it. I I despise it so much that I know I'm gonna willingly blow money just to make life a little easier. And by the way, certainly can understand that emotion. That's the emotion of convenience. It's hard. You're a single mom. I mean, you got a lot going on and it's a lot easier to just drop by, pick up some, some barbecue on the way home and not have to prepare it. It's already ready to go. So George, I I just see there's two, I think this is an emotion issue. She needs some guardrails like you're trying to tell her, but dare I say, get to the root of it.


Get to the root of this and, and, and really lock in on the son's twinkling of the eyes. And you feel guilty maybe because of the relationship status and his father's, I don't know what it is, and I'm not trying to read your mind, but the best advice I could give is, I don't think this is a money problem. I think this is an emotion problem and you're medicating. Okay. Yeah, I, yeah, I kind of feel that too because I, I know that financially I'm okay. I just don't know how to stop. Do you have debt right now? Yes. I have 13 K in a personal loan and 10 K in student loans.


Okay. What helps me is having a goal for money instead of just it existing. And so what I want you to do is start to reframe that money and go, Nope, that's not take out money and shopping money. This is get out of debt money. And I'm gonna allocate that money beyond, once my bills are paid, we're gonna prioritize our budget. So your budget's great, but it's just a plan. If you don't follow the plan, the plan's useless. I've created workout plans that I never follow. I never actually worked out on paper it would work if I did it. I'd have a six pack right now, but I don't. And the same thing applies to your money. So once you start laying out your budget going, okay, I have to cover my rent, my insurance, I need to put food on the table. Beyond that, any extra money is going to go toward debt.


And once I'm outta debt, you can start to loosen the reins a little bit. Yeah. I, and I appreciate that. And George, you're absolutely right. But Charlene, I, I have to challenge you. You just told us and a lot of people listening and watching that you don't know how to stop. And I think therein lies the problem. You do know how to stop. How do you stop not buying takeout? You tell me what's the answer. You just don't, you find another avenue for food. We start meal planning and we grocery and we budget. They quote My from Mama Camel, we have food at home. We Have food at home. I mean, this idea that I don't know how to stop Charlene, you're a really nice person.


So I, I hope you don't think this the wrong way, but that is, you are acting like a victim. Like, oh, there's some mysterious thing about me. There's something wrong with me. There's something in the universe. And you're not saying this, but I want you to sound how you hear how silly that sounds when I say that. Yeah, You're not a silly person, are you Shirley? No. Stop acting silly. Stop today. It's a daily choice, George. Let's, that's how you build discipline. Let's help her Out. What can we get to her? Ooh, she's in Australia. I don't know how we do this. We can still send, you know what? I'm gonna send you a copy of my book, breaking Free from Broke. Read that all the way through.


Read the Margin is Breathing Room chapter. Read the Spending is self-control chapter. That one was written for Charlene. It's got your name on it. So hang on the line. Kelly's gonna pick up, we'll get your address and get you that book. And I hope 2025 is the year. It's, you build the discipline to say no. Today's the day, Charlene. You're not a silly person. You told us All no games, we Believe you. So stop acting silly. Alright, serious business coming up next, we'll cover your calls and George and I will discuss, when do you stop saying Happy New Year America and the world needs to settle this. And we will next.


Hey guys, This is Jade Warshaw. Listen, I get it. The student loan situation is bananas, but it's time to make progress, not excuses. So if your payment and interest rate have you treading water, refinancing could be the solution for you. Look, if I were in your shoes, I would contact Laurel Road today and get a free 30 minute consultation. You'll work with a student loan expert and you'll go over your refinancing options. Hey, for refinancing, to make sense, you've gotta check certain boxes like making a good income. And bottom line Ramsey's advice is that you only refinance if you can get a lower rate or a shorter term. Remember, the point is to pay off debt faster. Maybe you just need to keep rocking the debt snowball. But if refinancing does make sense for you, Laurel Road offers low competitive rates and interest rate discounts are available for stuff like autopay. Listen, you can't mess around with student loans. If you want them gone, you gotta go hard. So go to laurel road.com/ RAMSEY to find out more and schedule your free 30 minute consultation. That's laurel road.com/ RAMSEY Laurel Road is a brand of Key Bank National Association Helping you win your life.


This is The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside George Kamel, and we are here for you. Triple 8 8 2 five five two two five. Triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Well, we're rested and relaxed. We've had a little bit of downtime and back live today here on The Ramsey Show, by the way, a beautiful, and I do mean beautiful studio audience today, folks from all around the country, join us in joining us rather live here in our Ramsey Solutions world headquarters. So fun to see them. And a reminder, you can always come join us. We have free coffee, free baked goods and all kinds of things. And love coming out and saying hi to the folks during commercial breaks.


Happy new year to you, George, and happy New Year to our growing audience. And, and this begs the question because I think of these things and I could certainly be called neurotic, but I think this is a conversation that serious people want to have. And you know, we're always helping people get free of debt, free of toxic relationships, free of meaningless work, right? Okay. I think people wanna be free of saying Happy New Year. Mm. Are we done with it as a society? Well, so today's my first day back in the o Office of The New Year. And So I see people, I've already had a couple meetings this morning and the obligatory Happy New Year.


Happy new Year. And, and So I, I asked the question for myself, but for you today and the American people and people watching from around the world, at what point should we stop saying or should we feel free to stop saying it? And I think that, I think that the end of this week, the very first week of January, I think you should be free of Nev never having to say it again. So we are in the first week right Now. When does a week end in your mind? Well, the first work week I'm, 'cause you're back in the professional rhythm. You See people. So are we talking Friday or Sunday? I'm gonna go Friday. Okay, so Friday end of business.


No more Happy New Year. You don't Have to and you shouldn't have to. Now the question then becomes what happens if you show up on Monday and you haven't seen some of your team, which is gonna be the case? Mm. And they say Happy New Year to you. Do you reciprocate? I think you have to reciprocate. Otherwise you're a weirdo. Yeah. I I'm not gonna offer it up past week one. So you Don't agree me. Do you agree with week one? We should all stop. Unless it's an acquaintance I haven't seen in a while and it's still within the two week window. I'm gonna give it two weeks for someone you haven't seen. Maybe it's a phone call. Wow. Very nuanced. An email. Very nuanced. George. I just think the world, we'd all be better off if we all said week one.


Happy New Year after week one. Can we move On? I will say this. It doesn't bring, I see it makes everybody's Life easier. It doesn't add any value to my life. All. It doesn't bring me any joy. All Right, before we get to the phones, one other quick thing here. 'cause I take issue with what you said. I would like to come in Monday and I told our super producer David this in a meeting and he agrees and he's one of the nicer people on the planet. So I tend to feel confident about this position. If someone says Happy New Year to me, come Monday, I'm gonna pass. I'm just gonna go, Hey, how you doing? Hey, I couldn't stomach the, the social awkwardness. Well I think if you let it sit and don't respond at all, it's weird.


But if, if, if, just try it. Say Happy New Year to me. Like it's Monday. Hey, happy New Year, Ken. Hey Man, what's going on? How was The holiday? That was smooth. See, You fooled me. So you're asking about The holiday. So I, So I model this for everybody Now you're trying to get me to go into the past. No I'm not. You instead of moving to the future, I'm having what would be normal conversation. I don't have to respond in kind. You don't care about what happened over the holidays. I'm gonna suggest that you don't care about how happy my new year is. I would agree with that. See, we're all just saying something. Why are we saying It? That's how we exist in a society. Ken. There it is. I hope we've set some of you free. If you see me in public, Don't say it On Monday. And you say Happy New Year to me. Understand I'm changing the lane, I'm changing directions.


I'm not gonna say it. And I feel very good about it. I hope you get trolled come Monday with so many happy New Years. Well, here's What's great about the trolling for all you people who disagree with me and you're taking shots at me in the YouTube comments, I'll never know 'cause I don't look at 'em. I will send them to you. I will mail them to your home Address. George, on the other hand, is in the comments. I sleep peacefully at Night. I'll screenshot it, print them out, and I sort them all in an envelope and I won't look At 'em. I, if I see a shot of texts come through, George, I'm gonna, I'm gonna ignore it. Wow. This guy's good. Alright, here we go. Fort Myers, Florida. Aaron is on the line. Aaron, how can we help? Hi Ken. Hi George. I don't know if anyone wish you happy New Year yet, but happy new year.


Ha. You get one more day and one more Day. That was the trolling by the Way you get today and tomorrow's show. Don't make me hang up this phone. I'm not going to. I said I'm gonna be a man of my word. Happy New Year Aaron. And everybody can tell I can mean that. Alright, Aaron, what's the call? Cool. All righty. So my wife, she's in flight school. She has a hundred hours. She's about to get her private pilot license. Whoa. And she has, oh yeah, she has two years left. So we sold our house. We did the whole RAMSEY thing, sold our expensive cars. My wife and I are driving a, we have two cars, but you know, we have a nice 2010 Prius and you know, we're trying to be smart with our money, but, so I have about 50,000 left in savings.


We bring in 72,000 a year for flight school costs about 50,000 a year. And we had 80,000 in savings in September. So the money's going quick. And I don't know if I'm gonna have to go into debt to, well, we are gonna have to go into debt to continue this flight school. So you currently have enough to get through one of the years in savings. So we're really concerned about the final year. Yes. When is the money due? Is it due exactly a year from now? So we pay as we go. It's about a grand a week. Every time she goes, she pays cash.


Is there a discount for paying cash? No, there isn't. Hmm. All right, so wait a second. This Seems a reasonable goal. This Seems very impossible to you, doesn't it, Aaron? The way you're presenting this feels like a mountain you can't climb. True or false? I'd say true because we went through, you know, about 20,000 in savings since September. Yeah. But you had it, you sold, you saved it. My question is, what must happen between the two of you to make the additional 50,000 above and beyond your current income? That to me is very doable. The two of you have to come up with $50,000 and you got about two years to do it or a year or so to do it.


Is that right? Yes. Did I get my math right? Is it a year or two? Two years from now, you gotta have the 50. Oh yeah. So we're, we're paying it as we go. But I, you know, my math tells me we're gonna run outta money probably within like six or seven months. But you just told me you have 50 K in savings and a whole year is 50 K. So you could catch what the entire next year. So, And that's without saving an extra penny. Yeah. So you guys can make between the two of you an additional 50,000 by selling something, picking up some odd jobs, a side job. Am I right or am I wrong? Is this possible, Aaron?


Yeah, So I was looking at getting another job. So I'm working 40 hours a week as a, an estimator for a construction company. I was looking at picking up shifts at the Olive Garden and I think I'd probably be a able to bring in maybe like another grand a week doing that deal. Well that, that that's exactly what you said. You guys were cash flowing. So it's possible it was a yes or no question. You sounded like a politician on a Sunday morning show, which I appreciate. So I'll ask again with both of you being committed to not going into debt, which is how you've lived your life to this point. Could you guys come up with the $50,000 when it's needed?


Yes or no? I think right now we're looking at maybe coming. I I think we're, I feel like we're gonna be short, but I, you should run for congress. So you should run for congress as a fantastic avoidance of two direct questions. George. I see the balance of my time to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Well aren't you're saying I feel like, I feel like, let's put it on paper and go, we have 50 grand in the bank, we need 50 more grand one year from now. Here's what that looks like. We need a grand a week. We each need to come up with 500 bucks a week. Here's what it's gonna take to get there. What Would you do? What would your hack Be? I'd go get that side job right and have her get some skin in the game too. Also working. Yeah, so that we're not missing each other. I mean She both busy can, they can schlump breadsticks together at Olive Garden.


Hey, then they're together and You're eating for free. You're eating for free. And who doesn't like the endless salad over there? I'd stick to the salad. Those breadsticks Will. Well that number on's why I said the salad. You don't want the endless breadsticks or else you know you can't fit in the plane. So that's a problem. But we digress. Hey, it's doable. A theme already in today's show, George. What's that? People don't feel like they can. Mm, you're gonna have maybe have to dress some feelings a little bit later. Alright, we'll be right back. Don't move. This is The Ramsey Show.


You've got a lot to keep organized in life. Kids and calendars and carpooling and cleaning. I mean it is so much. That's why you need a knock box. That way if something happens to you, you leave your loved ones with happy memories. Not a huge mess. Knock box is a complete system to help you organize your accounts, personal history, estate planning documents, and all your other info in one place. I'm talking about everything from life insurance policies and social media accounts to your dog's vet divided into 15 simple categories. Plus they've got checklists that tell you what to add to each folder so your family won't have to guess where everything is. So start getting organized today@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. Your family will Thank you. That's knock box N. Okay. box.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman, I'm joined in studio by my colleague George Campbell and we're thrilled to be here for you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. You got a money question. You got a a paycheck question. I want more in my paycheck. Ken. I'm your guy. So we want you to make more money and keep more money.


To that end, George, tell people the best way to make the most of their money. What would you say? Well, you gotta kind of do a financial audit of your life income. What are my expenses? And the best way to do that is through a budget. And our team created an amazing app that's free to you go download it. It's called Every Dollar Where you Can Plan your Spending, track your expenses, save for What Matters Most, all on an easy to use app. And if you've got a spouse they can be logged in full accountability, transparency. And that's what it's gonna take. If you've got money goals in 2025, I don't care what they are, the budget is the crux of controlling your money goals. So go download it for free in the App store or Google Play or click the link in the description if you're listening on YouTube or podcast, By the way, there's all kinds of gold in the show notes. And if we mention something and you think, oh, I didn't get that, just get to the show notes and everything is linked there for you. Fine folks.


Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number. Aaron is gonna start us in this segment with she's in Denver. Denver, Colorado. Aaron, how can we help? Hi Ken and George, thanks for taking my call. You Bet. What's going on today? So I have a question regarding my student loans. They're serviced by Moji and we're being mismanaged by Moji. They're still occurring interest when they should be at 0%. And So I'm just curious if I continue to fight the battle with them to get the interest correct and reapply all these payments that they've been splitting between interest and principal or if I go ahead and just, I have two loans with them and I am in a position to pay off one of the loans today.


So if I just go ahead and pay that off and just continue the interest battle on the other loan sequence. Do you have this agreement? Do you have this agreement in writing where it's super clear that you are indeed supposed to be at a 0% situation right now? Yes. I have letters from Mohe dated back to July that say I'm on 0% while the loans are in the courthouse. 'cause I'm on the save repayment plan. Wow. And So I will be at 0% until that court case is finalized, which currently my account states I'm in administrative forbearance until April 30th, 2025.


So I've continued to make payments because 0% means a hundred percent of my payment then goes to principal. But that's not what MO is doing. Yeah, I mean, have you talked to somebody up the ladder there? The highest I can get is somebody that's quote an advanced agent in their resolution team. I have talked to somebody in that department probably six times. Same person Every time I call. No, I get a different person every time. And what's the answer? I have their ID numbers. What do they say to you when you tell them what you just told us? They say, oh yes, we see that and we'll get this six and seven to 10 days.


And this has literally been going on since July. How much interest we Talk specialty, How much money is on the line here Total between the two loans to date, it's $1,800. Okay. And how long have you been fighting this? How many hours have you spent? That's my thing. Like it's, I am on the phone at least two to three hours every time I call between like whole times and actually speaking with someone, This was my gut and then I'm circling back, was that Erin is worth more than the time she's spending and the brain calories she's burning for this, I would be done with it. You said you have the cash to pay off one. We'll fight it on the back end and they'll write you a check if you wanna fight it, continue fighting it.


And I hope they, I hope they do resolve it and they'll write you a check for the difference that you were owed. But I would be done with it. I'd pay off both loans if you can today. Attack it with everything you got. Yeah, I, Yeah, unfortunately I can't, I'm not in a position to pay off the second one. It's just under 60,000. But I am in a position to pay off the smaller one. Are they gonna do the same kind of garbage to you on the 60? They are doing the same thing. So I, I'm gotta fix it every time I call, I'm fighting them about both of em. Are you in control of, of when the payments are happening? So, so currently, yes. Currently I actually don't have to make any payments.


So what I have been doing is setting money aside into my high interest savings account until I got to a position to a, either the loans had came up, had were gonna come out of the 0% and then I would dump everything on the principal or till I had enough time enough in the savings to pay off the loan in full because that, that's coming directly from Mohe because they're telling me every time I make a payment, they're, it's a consolidated loan. So they look at those loans as being one loan even though they're two separate, like subsidized versus unsubsidized. So they'll proportionately split my payments.


Can you Go in manually? And I have call and apply money to the principal on one of them? Nope. They tell me I can, but on their website I cannot. And if I call to ask them to do that, it's still the same system like this, this MO system is broken. I'd like to get the CEO on the line. That's what I, I Mean these two loan companies are inept. Si Well this Is on purpose. They're malicious at worst. They're inept at best. And So I say malicious, you're gonna have, You're gonna spend more in attorney fees trying to fight this than you are, than you should be owed an interest. So I just don't think it's worth the fight. I would aggressively pay these down. I wouldn't even wait till you have all the money in full. I would just start putting all the money you can on the principle every single month until it's gone.


Okay. So even though they're gonna continue to make the payment applied to principal and interest, Well the, because that's what they're doing right now. The faster you pay the principal down, the less interest you're gonna pay. Right. The less interest. And so if you just let it sit and they're charging interest, it's gonna be worse. I Georgia disagree with you on this one. I not about paying it off, but I would fight this. The the reason these people do this is because enough people put up with it. And Aaron, I'm not in any way casting judgment on you. I'm saying every time you get somebody on the phone, I would take their name down. Yes. I I would I take their name and Id number And I would tell 'em I'm recording the conversation and then the next time I talk to somebody and say, now listen, this is what's happened.


I've documented all this, how many times this happened, I've been lied to and, and I'm, I am gonna hold you personally accountable. Do you want to be held accountable for this? 'cause I I'm recording this and or whatever. You gotta I would get very, very serious about this because they play this game to wear people like you out. And I wouldn't quit fighting because George, here's the deal. If she does that, she's gonna keep getting ripped off. She should not be paying 1 cent of interest via agree. I agree. Agreement. And I wouldn't just throw it away. These people need to be dealt with. And the CEO of this, they, they then she needs to go public. I, you know what I would do? I would go to, is this a Canadian company?


No, sorry, Denver. You're in Denver. I'm sorry, I'm looking. I'm in Denver. So this go to Local media Out of Missouri. Go to the local media. They love this stuff. Local media. I'd call every one of 'em their hotline. I'd go, I'm getting ripped off and I'm, I represent, I would make a stink out of this. They do not want bad publicity. And I've contacted legislators and the Colorado attorney general's office, I forget this, they're worthless. Absolutely. Contact news stations. I Would go see, I would go social media and I would go, I would publish it all and I'd go to the news. You gotta fight these people. George. The other piece of this Aaron, that I would personally do, I would be researching all over the internet in Reddit threads.


I just looked 'em up. This is not just happening to you, it's happening to a lot of other people. I would see are there people who are getting resolution? What is being done? Who can I contact? And there's power in, in numbers and power in other people's experiences. So I would be doing a lot of homework to figure out how to get to the bottom of this. But at the same time, I don't want it just consuming every fiber of your being for the next six months. I agree with that. But you can take it up several notches. But I am Mr. Customer service. I am Mr. I'd like to speak to the manager So I get it. I'd like to speak to putting up a pipe. I'd put CE, that's what I'd like. It's kinda reminds me of that scene from Christmas vacation where cousin Eddie goes and gets the CEO in his pajamas. Oh yeah. Puts a bow around him.


Brings him to the living room to answer for the jelly of the month club. This, This is, that's what happens in movies. This is Aaron can't do that. I know, but this is wrong. It's, It's like trying to talk to talk to the Wizard of Oz. I'm sorry Aaron. I wouldn't quit fighting. I don't, I don't think we should let big companies steal from we the people and they're stealing from you. This is wrong. Oh my gosh. Alright, Quick. The American wave. We gotta fight Ken. Gonna get a quick little, what's the pill? I like to chew when I get into a tum, A Tums, I'm gonna take a Tums, An antacid. Okay. On Behalf of you, the people I'll call myself, we'll be ready to answer more questions coming up. This is The Ramsey Show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over, profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend fair wins because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure so you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid big bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Ken Coleman alongside George Kamel. The phone number's triple eight eight two five five two two five. We're answering your questions about your money. And that includes how do I keep it, how do I budget, how do I get outta debt? How do I make more money? George and I are combining on all those fun topics today for you.


Alright, today's question of the day is brought to you by why refi. If private student loan debt is taking away your peace of mind and you don't see a way out good news, you might need why refi? Why refi, refinances, defaulted private student loans that other places won't touch and gives you a low fixed rate loan built for you. So go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY today. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Lucas in Oregon. I was in the medical field for five years. I left that job to help my dad with his company and take care of my mom who is sick. My mom ended up passing away and I've stayed at my dad's company for three years. Recently my former boss called and made me a great offer to come back. What do I do? I'm currently making 60 K with my father, but his company isn't stable and we're trying our best to get it profitable. Again. If I went back to my former position, I'd be making 72,000. I just bought a house and need stable income. But how do I leave my dad? I've really helped his company. Hmm. Well Lucas, this is a heavy question and just reading it feels heavy to me and I'm not walking this out.


So certainly feel bad for you in that this is a tough decision, but I think it's a clear decision and, and clear decisions aren't always easy and this is a clear decision that's really tough. And what I mean by that is, is I think it's very obvious that you should go back to your former employer, you enjoyed the job, they've given you a great offer, your words not mine, and you only left them to help dad out. You've helped dad out tremendously. But it's not your responsibility to run dad's company. It's not your responsibility to grow dad's company and you're gonna have to do what is best for you.


If you do not, you will resent your dad even though he's done nothing wrong in this situation. So I think you, you, you ask the question, how do I leave my dad? I think you leave him with respect. I think you leave him with clarity and I think you leave him with confidence. If you can achieve those three things, then what will be a tough decision will be less tough. In other words, I'm, I'm gonna leave with with with respect and honor. I'm gonna, I'm going to treat him very, very well. I am going to be super clear with him as to why and when and how.


And I think again, that will then allow you to be confident that you are in fact doing the right thing. George. So that's, I don't know what you want to add to that, but please do. That's a tough situation. Well just the, the red flags with dad's company. 'cause Lucas says, Hey, I've been there three years and I've really helped his company and yet we're trying our best to get it profitable again. Yeah, that's scary. That might mean that this business has some serious flaws that you can't fix if it's been three years. That's right. And so if it's unstable, you're putting your own family in jeopardy. That's right. By staying here and you're leaving on the table a 20% pay raise with a more stable company. So it's not to say this is a forever move, maybe he gets it profitable again and five years from now you step back in or one day you take it over.


Who knows? Might be doing him a favor. But yeah, in this season My dad realizing, ah, we shouldn't try to keep this afloat. He needs to get someone who can help this business or he needs to figure it out. Yeah. And I don't think you're the secret sauce. There might be a savior complex going, I'm the one who needs to save this. And with mom passing, that adds a whole nother element of, you know, trying to stick together with the family. Yeah. But I think it, like you said, Ken, it's gonna lead to resentment. Yeah. Lucas, thank you for the question. We, we really believe in you and you gotta do what's best for you on that. And that ends up being best for everybody is what I have found. Alright. Ontario Canada is where we go next. And Emily is there. Emily, how can we, we help. Hi guys, how can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you well. Yes. So I was overpaid about $6,000 and since it's over a certain amount, I am unable to repay it in full and they're only giving me the option to garnish my wages.


Should I put this $6,000 towards debt repayment or should I store it in a high yield savings account until it's time to get my wages garnished? When will the wages be garnished and how much per month or per paycheck? I have no idea. I actually have a colleague who's in a similar spot and it's, she's been waiting about a year for those wages to be garnished and I don't know how much, it's usually between 10 and 20% of the paycheck. Okay. And will you be able to still accomplish your budget with 80 to 90% of your take home pay? I think so. Or your net pay? Yeah, if I, well right now I'm putting almost everything extra onto debt repayment, So I would just have to scale that back a little bit.


But I am living far below my means. Okay. So it's either I pay off the debt faster now knowing that it'll slow down later when the wages are garnished. Right. Okay. Yeah, I mean, you're not in a situation where you're gonna owe six grand all at once, which puts you in jeopardy if you don't have the money. So I'm okay with using this money to expedite your goals knowing that I'm gonna need to ratchet down my budget later on. Okay, that sounds good. I really needed the reassurance. Yeah. What's your total debt that you're trying to pay off? Yeah, So I have 24,000 on my car and I have 210 in a mortgage. Okay. So just really the car is your consumer debt.


Yes. And this will get it down to 18,000 and then how quickly can you pay it off at that point To my New Year's resolution? So I'm trying to get it paid off by next December. I, I really think if I buckle down I can do it. So one year? Yes. Okay. Oh, I, I see where you're going. George. Emily, do you see what we're coming up with here on this plan? If you can't knock the 18 out in one year and we believe you can love that, that's your resolution. Now all of a sudden, let's say it takes a year for them to start garnishing, what's that car payment that you're paying right now? Every month Right now I'm putting $1,000 on the car. However, I just saw, like I, I moved into a duplex that I purchased.


I just signed a tenant and I'm getting 1600 additionally, so that will all be rolling over onto the car as well. Right. But my point is, what I'm, I'm trying to make the case. I love what you're doing and what George said because by the time they start to garnish, you're gonna still be, you're Afraid of a payment, You freed up a huge amount of money to where you're not even gonna feel the garnish. So we love that plan. Okay. Yep. Thank you. Yeah, Thanks For the call. Absolutely. Thanks for the call. Really fun. Let's see, Simon in Boston, Massachusetts is next. Simon, how can we help? Hi, I'm a 22-year-old. I'm debt free. I just recently graduated from college and I'm, I have a job I really like so far in the data field at a big tech company.


Nice. And I essentially wanna figure out how to make sure I'm, I'm putting my money in the right places and being smart with my money. All right. Uncle George, I love this is right up your alley. Well It's, it's so much more fun, Simon, when you're debt free and this money can go toward building your future instead of paying for the past. Exactly. Yeah. So I love that you're thinking like this at 22 instead of how do I upgrade my life now that I'm I'm in my big boy job. Instead you're going, Hey, I wanna make sure I make the most of this and don't blow it. And so that's where the budget is going to come in handy. And so you're gonna list all your income. Do you know what your income will be? Yeah, so I'm, I'm about four months into it right now.


The base pay, this is all pre-tax is 78 KA year. And then I never know whether to kind of include this or not, but there should be a 7,800 bonus around April. Awesome. Well you'll include that in April's budget. Okay. And when that happens, you can apply it to your next goal. That might be for you getting your emergency fund in place. Do you have three to six months of expenses saved up right now? Yeah, I've got about 17,000 just in my bank account. Let's go. Okay. And then are you investing right now in the company retirement plan? Yeah, So I, right now I kinda have it at 10% because I just don't want to throw too much money and then I'm planning to move out in the next couple months.


So I don't wanna have nothing ready for that. And that will be into a rental probably around 18, 1900 a month. Okay. I would ratchet that up to 15%. You still have, you make amazing money with no debt, so you're gonna have no problem finding more margin to throw toward maybe a down payment for a savings account there, but that's gonna be your key. I would have a focus goal. And for you that might be that down payment on a house. Would you agree that's the next goal once you're investing? Yeah, I mean, I, I don't really know what kind of, where I wanna move permanently, but I, I definitely would like to invest in realistic as well at some point if I can afford, That'll come later.


Right now I want you to find a primary residence as you get older and that's gonna take a lot of money, especially in the Boston area. So I would sock it away, hang on the line. I'm gonna send you every dollar premium, our budgeting app for free so that you can get started and make a plan for this. But he's on his, he's on the, this is Amazing. Oh his way, way to go Simon. Simon says, how do I stack some cash? I didn't think of the Simon says reference. I was There for you. Good hour, don't move more. RAMSEY show coming up.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey, it's that time of year, it's starting to get a little bit colder. It's getting a little bit dark earlier and sometimes if you're like me, you just wanna stay inside and get cozy. And for me, my perfect cozy night is me and all of my family piled under blankets, watching a movie, sitting by the fire, maybe even reading a book. Listen, whatever your perfect night in looks like, sometimes therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in. Finally exhale, replenish your energy and begin to take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapist. You can talk with your therapist just about any time and just about anywhere. So it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapist for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


Welcome to The Ramsey Show where we help you win in your life. We're gonna help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman. The phone number to jump in Triple 8 8 2 5 five two two five triple eight Eight two five five two two five. Happy new year to everybody. We're only gonna say that George and I for two more days. One day only. And then you're gonna have to get over it. We won't be on the show tomorrow, so we'll see what happens tomorrow. So this is kind of your day to say happy New Year and get a response. 'cause next week when we're on, if we're on together, not happening. You're not hearing it. Not hearing it, we're done with it. Maybe happy Tuesday. That's it. Yeah, I'll do that. I like that better. Alright, let's get it started. Let's go to Phoenix, Arizona, where Kelly is waiting.


Kelly, happy New year. How can we help? Happy New Year guys. Thank you for taking my call. You bet. What's happening? My question is, where would a mastectomy reversal fit in on the baby steps? I've looked into my insurance and my fiance's and neither one covers it. It's gonna be about $10,000 And we do have consumer debt, obviously not working that together at the moment, waiting until we get married. But just kind of wanting to plan. Do we pause that and stock up the money because we wanna start a family or How much debt do you guys, how much debt do you guys have separately?


I have about 15,000 and he has about 50. Oof. And I'm assuming he, he agree He's in agreement with this reverse vasectomy? Yes. Oh boy, I gotta tell you, that's a good dude. How old is he? How old is this guy? He's 42 and I am 33. So I'm a little bit older too, so we're not wanting to wait. So Time is of the essence. That was my next question. So now I see why you're trying to do this quickly. Yes. Well not the procedure. We want this doctor to be steady and slow on that one. Just Right. Take, Take your time.


On behalf of every dude who's listening and watching this call right now, The next question is who's paying for it? Yeah, well they are, they're gonna wait until they get married Together. Yeah, we're gonna wait until we get married. Okay. When is that? The end of the summer. Okay. So we'll call it And are you wanting to immediately, you know, try to have a family at that point? That's kind of the plan. Okay. I am a little nervous just not for the financial aspect but for the medical risks involved with the procedure. But he is talked to his doctor and is is willing and all in, so. Alright. So yeah, well we're gonna wanna start as soon as possible.


Okay. And how old are you? I'm 33. Okay. So because this is a financial question, and I know George is more than ready to answer this, but I feel like we've gotta have a real conversation for a second. There's no guarantee that the, that it's gonna work. And I'm sure you guys know the medical percentages of it happening, but there's no guarantee, there's also no guarantee that even if the procedure goes fantastic that you guys are gonna be able to conceive in the timeline that you would like you acknowledge this, yes or no? Yes. And So I don't wish that on anybody. I mean I I I want everything to work in the timeline, but you know, it has to be discussed when we start talking about a $10,000 bill and, you know, we don't want you to go into debt.


So George, I I bring this up to say I, I think I wanna make the best financial move period for this couple. Not the best way to figure out how to pay for this procedure, which may or may not yield what they want it to. Yeah, I mean there's, there's risk there for sure. Does that change? I guess my point is, I'm asking you a question on behalf of Kelly. Does that change your advice? I may have a different take than you. My take is that if this is, I mean this, this is a very unique situation so I'm not gonna say this is blanket advice for anyone who called in, but for Kelly I would say let's pause the baby steps and let's both stack up as much cash as we can. Yep. Make sacrifices needed. Make minimum payments on the debts until we're married.


We have the money to do the, to do the surgery and the reversal and then we'll push play on the baby steps. Alright. That's your take, huh? That's my take. I mean this is, you know, starting a family that kind of supersedes the baby steps. If this was, let's say, you know, IVF or something like that, Dave would say, Hey, let's pause the steps and let's save up to pay for this in cash. Yeah. The goal, the A one is not go into more debt. A two is pay off existing debt. Well you do George. We do make 165,000 combined. So it shouldn't take more than no three months. So What if we aggressively said we're going to save up the 10 K and then pay off all of our debt before we're even married.


Well, but then that does that, does that change her timeline? Kelly, we have a two part question there. What's your answer? I, yeah, I mean we can, our finances obviously aren't combined and we are both working them separately. So he has, you know, a second job as well. I am, am working towards that as well. So I mean it's possible that we might be able to knock out a lot of it in the next six months. Well Now there's a total goal of, you know, obviously it's not combined 'cause you're not married, but we're looking at $75,000 paid off in, let's call it seven or eight months. So collectively can we be throwing 10 grand a month at these debts that might look, you know, you're throwing four, he's throwing six, whatever.


But the goal is can we be debt free with money in the bank to pay for this? Yeah. By the time the, and you gotta pay for a wedding, right? Is this a small courthouse situation or is this Lavish? Yeah, it's gonna be a small, yeah. What's the calendar on this courthouse? And then he's in the doctor's office the next week, Like no honeymoon straight to the emergency. It feels like what I'm hearing, am I right Kelly? Or tell me if I'm wrong. No, so it would be like an elopement situation where it'd be a five day wedding slash honeymoon and then come back and Then when is he going under the knife again? Well, he asked to meet with a specialist, a urologist, but he's talked to his general doctor about it and they see no problems with his age or the reversal, but they want him to go to the urologist to get it scheduled and Okay.


Alright. So we're on the same page. No reason for debt. I'm tweaking my advice though. I'm gonna rescind it and go, let's attack this debt and then we're gonna be able to save up for the surgery within a month at that point, once we're married, I am in agreement with that, George. I was gonna go not, I mean it's not that I disagree with you and Dave on the family first, but I, it's like, can we wait a little bit? Can we get married? Can we, you know what I mean? Before we start putting this pressure on ourselves to get pregnant that Yeah, We're not talking about waiting two years. We're talking about waiting a month or two. Yeah, at max, something like that. I just, I that's we a it's all cash. Kelly. Of course you guys don't need to go into debt for this, but to George's point, you could, we don't wanna, you could pause the baby steps in his plan, but I don't think we need to do that.


I You guys can knock the debt out and cash flow this, this procedure. Well, and the reason I like putting the debt first is it puts fuel on this debt free journey. 'cause now you have a much deeper why and when you have that deeper why you're willing to take on that second job. Yeah. You're willing to do the extra shift because you want to get to that surgery and get to Yeah. Having that family. So, And what we want for you Kelly, is debt free and baby on the way. That's, that's what we want. And I think that's what you want. Is He on board for all this? Yep. This is a good dude. Yep, He's great. Don't listen. He's willing to go through that. All you had to say was he's 42 and he's gonna go get a reverse vasectomy and this is a good man. This is a good man.


Might be slightly crazy, but he's a good man. I needed Tums after that one. Ken. No, it's the wrong pill. Oh sorry. Maybe some. And then ice pack. This is The Ramsey Show.


One of the questions I get all the time is, which life insurance company should I use for my term life policy? A valid question. Since there are hundreds of companies out there with rates all over the place and riders and add-ons that are simply a waste of money, you need to get this done and make the right decision. That's why the only company I use and have recommended for over 25 years is Xandr Insurance. Xandr is a broker who shops the top term life companies for you and finds the best rates available from the only plans I recommend. They also save you time. Whether you wanna work online, over the phone or via text, their team will cater to your needs and help you make the right decision. This is an absolute necessity and Xandr has made the process easy and convenient. Call them at (800) 356-4282 or visit xandr.com for instant Online quotes.


Hey guys, no matter what your goals are in 2025, our New Year's sale has tools and resources you need to get the year started. Strong with prices starting at just $9 and 99 cents. Whether you wanna make progress with your money, grow in your career, or create a more peaceful life, you can achieve your goals. And these books and products can help shop The New Year Sale now at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show alongside George Campbell. I'm Ken Coleman. So excited that you're with us. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5 is the number to call in.


You got a question about saving some money, getting outta debt. How about making more money in that paycheck? Well, you got the guys today to help you out with that. Thrilled to take your call. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alright, George, do you have a bit of a real estate prediction as we start The New Year? What do you think about the housing market? What do you think? Do you pay attention to it at all? Yeah, it's Been a bit of a roller coaster. I thought things would kind of just start trending nicely. You know, we're gonna see rates start to continue dipping slowly, but it's been a little bit, whoop, it's back up. Whoop. All right. It's down a little bit. Whoop. So I think we're gonna see more of the same in 2025, Not a, I Think over time we're gonna see a dip, but I think in the meantime it'll be a little bit of a rocky road.


Okay. Alright. I'm reading some stuff where some people think it's gonna be a good year. I think it'll be good. It shouldn't take longer than we would like it to. Okay. Alright. Well that's why we created Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base. That's right. It's called Ramsey's Real Estate Home Base. This is the place with all the tools and resources you, you need, whether you're buying or selling George, and half the battle is confidence. If you're buying or selling so that you're making good decisions. You're gonna find things like calculators start to finish, guide how to articles, a podcast, a book, even a video course, all with practical, easy to follow steps so that you can navigate through buying or selling. If you're ready to take the Next Steps toward your home goals with peace of mind, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Super easy to remember. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in our show notes if you're listening on YouTube or via your favorite podcast. And again, all the stuff we tell you about, if you go, I didn't hear what he said. Show notes my two favorite words, George. It's where you get everything that we talk about you don't have to stress. Alright, let's get back to the phones. Raleigh, North Carolina is where Ryan sits and waits for us. Ryan, how can we help? Hey, how I doing today? Oh, we're doing well. What's going on? I've got two. Well, I got a main point in a, a question for you. My main point is my wife and I got married in May and we are debt free.


We paid off 65 grand in less than 12 months. Congratulations man. That is big time. Yeah, yeah. Super happy about that. God is good and definitely helped us. Love it. And what's the question? Yeah, so I'm, we're just a bit concerned about my mother. She's 69, she has about $4,000 in retirement. So, you know, not a whole lot. And we're just a, a bit concerned about, you know, doing things the biblical way, honoring the Lord, honoring her, you know, when my grandparents passed, she's not gonna really have a whole lot left from them.


So, you know, we are kind of preparing ourselves for the, the financial burden of maybe having to take care of her and, you know, it's not that we don't want to, we, we definitely want to help her out, but you know, what exactly advice would you, would you give to us? You know, we, we tried to get her FPU she doesn't really seem too interested in that. So what, what advice would you give us? Does she have debt? Luckily she does not have. I think maybe she has maybe like one credit card that's got like, maybe $300 on it. Other than that, No. Does she own her home?


No, she doesn't. She rents. And does she have any kind of income outside of, give us the whole income situation. That would be if she's taking social security or not. Any other kind of pensions and then a job. What, what's her income look like? Yeah, so she, she has social security and then she, she takes that and then she also substitute teaches, but a recent kind of job event as, as maybe ruled that out. So we're trying to encourage her to, you know, just get like any job. She has a college degree, she could go be a bank teller, but she, she's very picky about what she wants to do and you know, so she's not very encouraged to go find a new job.


What's her social security benefit payment? I think it's between 12 and 16. Hmm. Is that enough to cover her bills? Barely. Did she ask you for your help? Your advice? Not really. So, you know, every now and then she'll ask me for money. And Do you give it to her? Yeah, it's my mom man. Yeah, I do. How often is she asking and how much? I would say probably once a month. And, you know, anything I can do, whether it's an extra 20 or Why would I get a job when I have Ryan?


Yeah. He's the best part-time job out there. I get to sit at home and I ask him for money and he sends the check. Do you see what's happening here? That's a good point. You're not helping her. You're enabling her. And while I'm I'm with you, it's great to, let's respect, you know, honor our mother and father. It doesn't mean we enable them and continue to let them have, you know, live lives that are of misbehavior. So the truth is, you can't, I wish we could change people. 'cause I know you love your mom and it's a very honorable thing to want to do. But I would not fund her retirement and go, oh mom, don't worry about it. We got you. We'll sacrifice her own financial future since you didn't prepare at all. And if you're gonna give her money, it's gotta be a gift, which it has been so far.


But there's no good future here. What if she lives to be 99 for the next 30 years? You're just funding her misbehavior. Yeah, it's not good. And we gotta look at the long-term future, not just how do we help her in the next year. And so we're gonna have to let her experience some pain so that she actually wants to make some changes while she still has her health. Is she healthy? Yeah, she's, she's actually no medications, you know, great health. Hmm. I, you know, I think this is, you called us, if it were me, I'd have a sit down with mom and I'd, I'd do exactly what George just said. I would, I would say it to her and you gotta be very respectful but say, mom, I realize because I love you so much 'cause of all you've done for me, I've been enabling you and I can't do this and I'm afraid I'm gonna resent you.


And you are in a situation where financially you will become a massive burden for me. And that's not how I want you to you to end. And I don't want the next season of our life to be this. I think this is a real honest but very respectful conversation to say, I don't think you wanna be this to us. And I don't want this because I, I I want the time that we have left with you to be about relationship and honor not resentment and burden. And I think that's the conversation you've gotta have. She may not respond well, may not like it, but you've gotta do this for you. 'cause I'll tell you the person we haven't discussed on this call that I, that I'm thinking about the most, and that's your wife.


This thing gets really sour pretty quick between the two of you because you, by enabling your mom, put your wife in a really, really tough situation that she didn't ask for. And I'm telling you, as a guy who's been married a long time, I'm telling you you're not thinking about that. So I'm trying to be kind of that older bro right now and say this thing is not only could create a wedge of resentment between you and your mom, even worse, a wedge of resentment between you and your wife and I, I hope this is a wake up call for you have a respectful but very clear conversation George, to where mom knows now there's a new reality and she's gotta do something about it.


Has, has you talked to your wife about this? What does she think? Yeah, we, we've talked about it. You know it. She definitely doesn't like it at all. And so that's why That would be, I'm trying to figure out the only reason I need to say, okay, yeah, if you're not comfortable with this, we're not doing it. Yeah. She's gonna have to rely on the government for the rest of her life and make peace with her decisions. George, in 30 seconds, what would you say to him about the fact that mom's only got 4,000, she needs to get a job. What is she doing on that retirement play? Let's say she's healthy. Yeah. What, what would your advice She Needs to work as long as she's physically able to create as much income as possible, save as much as she can of that income, get an emergency fund in place, invest as much as she can 'cause compound interest.


You know, she could live a better life than if she does nothing. She's not gonna have a wild retirement. But we need to paint the picture of, Hey mom, here's what the next 10, 20 years looks like if you continue down this path. Another follow up question. What do you think about long-term care given that she's healthy now? Well, she can't afford it is' the problem. I know she well, but if she works she can. Yes. No, you Don't think So? I think it'll be pretty expensive for her. She can look into it, but it might be out of the out The budget. Is that something that he may look at? Oof. It might be, Hey mom, be with God and the government, Medicare's gonna, and Medicaid's gonna have to take care of You. Wow. Alright. Good stuff. I don't, that's in the, it's in the Cards. Alright. Gotta run quick break. Be right back with more of your calls. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey y'all, it's Rachel Cruz. Just about everything costs more these days and unfortunately healthcare is no exception. So if you're looking at your healthcare options during open enrollment and finding that your costs are increasing while your number of choices are decreasing, be sure to check out Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM is not health insurance. It's a biblically based health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families just like yours cover nearly $10 billion in healthcare costs with no networks and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CHM is an affordable option that aligns with your values and makes it possible for your family to save on healthcare. Plus you can join at any time, including open enrollment. You guys, CHM has been helping RAMSEY fans for 15 years and they're the only health cost sharing provider endorsed by RAMSEY. So you can trust CHM to take care of you like we would. Programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more and join today at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Are you determined to get outta debt and build wealth this new year? Then don't leave out an important step, which is having the right insurance. Don't make the mistake of thinking you can get by with minimal coverage or no coverage at all. Because when Murphy comes knocking and he will, you'll start backsliding further into debt if you don't have the money to pay for it and if you don't have the right insurance. So take our insurance coverage checkup. We make it easy with a free tool that helps you find out if you have all of your bases covered. Check it out. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup, that's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash checkup.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Happy New Year America. So excited you're with us. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number to jump in. You got a question about your budget, you got a question about your debt? Not enough. Check left over at the end of the month. Boy oh boy. Do you have the two guys you need today? George is gonna help you manage the money and I'm gonna help you make more money. That's our goal. So give us a shout. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Zach starts us off right now in Salt Lake City. Zach, how can we help? Hi. Yeah, so my wife and I have been kind of mulling over a decision that we're, we've been trying to decide whether or not to move.


It's kind of what we're looking at. Okay. So I currently bring in probably about 130 ish thousand between two different revenue streams. And the salary from one of 'em sits at about 80 k and there's an opportunity, a couple opportunities, I have to bump that up to about a hundred KA year. The issue is we're still in baby step two, we still have about 90 K to pay down and if we did make this move to this new job, it would require me to move. And we're just not sure if we should do that because we don't necessarily want to get outta the home that we already own.


And we know that even if we did sell it, we most likely would not ha have the ability to purchase a home wherever we move to. We'd probably either have to rent it out or just, Yeah, okay. You know, makes a lot of sense. Do something else by the way, really mature because I think the, the traditional response, the human response to a job offer with more money is to go, well I feel like I gotta take it because I'm an idiot, I'm a moron. I'd be crazy not to take a big bump like that. And I think you're probably feeling some of that and that's very natural. But for you to say, well I'm not sure we wanna make that move, I think that's mature. I only have one other question on this one that I think would make it fairly obvious to me. If you were to take the new job and let's put the, the extra bump in salary aside, would that put you on the ladder that you eventually want to be at the top of?


In other words, does it fast forward your ultimate professional goals? Yeah, it moves me in the right direction for sure. It's, I work in it, so, and this would bump me more into like a network engineer versus just like network admin. So kind of a move in the right direction for me as far as career path. Well then I would consider that more than I would man, we really like our current house now that's me and I think George, you can make the case and I'm bringing you in. You could make the case and I said it was mature to go, I'm not sure we want to leave this community. I'm not sure we wanna leave this, this house. I think that's also George equally something to consider, just the kin answer.


I would always lean towards, I wanna move up the ladder if I've got a good opportunity and I gotta give something up. You know, John Maxwell, my former boss, legendary leadership guru, said, you gotta give up to go up. And so the question is, Zach, what are you willing to give up to go up the kin answer? And I'm gonna see that to you George. My answer is I'm gonna give up the comfortable home, the zip code, the friends and family. Yeah, that Was my question is how great is your life in Salt Lake and what would it be like where you're gonna move to, would you be miserable in this new area? Is cost of living any different? No family, you know, as you weigh those pieces.


'cause here's the thing, like there's gonna be a a, a nice, you're gonna find your new dream home wherever you move to. Eventually it may be a year from now when you rent for a year and you go, wow, that was a fun adventure. So I don't wanna make a long-term decision just based on, well, I like the home we're in. So where would you be moving? Right? We have a couple options because it would be for, you know, government contract work. So I could either go eh, north about an hour and a half from where we, where we're at and I'm not gonna, you know, drive two hours each way. That just doesn't make sense to me. No. So you'd be Moving there and then another option would be moving there or there are some options and opportunities with the same employer to go out to like the Kentucky, like southern Indiana area.


What does your wife think about this? She is on board for, for moving. She's been wanting to get out of our town home for a while now. Well, you Buried the lead man. Happy wife. Happy life. You Said I love my home. Your wife says, I hate this home. Well, we both wanted to get out. It's just the financial So you don't like this home, you said, I like the home we're in. You like the price point of the house you're In. Well, we like the payments. There We Go. We like payment. Yeah. Oh yeah, But you got George here. George's Mr. Budget guy. All right, so by the way, how does this not make sense to make more money? We're talking about a, about a $20,000 bump in your, in your main salary. You still got the opportunity to make extra money on the side as well, like you are now, correct?


Yes. Yes, George. And if you're making more money and moving to a lower cost of living area, you're gonna get more house. So you could get a better house for the same price for the one you're living in. You're scared of the unknown. If you move to Kentucky, for example, You're scared of the unknown. Correct. Just go to go to Indiana or Kentucky. Go visit, go a weekend visit. Yes. And go look at housing. Spend a couple hours tonight on one of those real estate sites. I love these things. They, they, you can type in literally the area, a zip code and it'll show Ken just found out about these, these apps. It's amazing. No, I'm this website, you type in a zip code, it'll show you home. That's not what I always see. I was trying not to endorse anybody.


No, I appreciate that. I've got my personal favorite. You saw me pull the plane up a little bit there. Starts With an R. Yeah, I like it. It's good information though. My point is, in the comfort of your home tonight by the fire start drinking, you guys could start looking at real houses and real prices in these areas where you could go work. This is the thing. Yeah. You're scared to death of the unknown. And the answer to that is go get some answers. Are they covering any relocation? Yeah. Expenses This particular employer wouldn't. And I guess that leads me to a follow up question. Should we keep the place we currently haven't rented out? No. No, it's not.


We thought about that. Don't do that. Just sell it. No, you don't wanna be a long distance landlord. That's our position across the board. Okay. It always sounds like a good idea in theory until you have to deal with the reality of it. And the the, I love Dave's philosophy on this. He goes, if you lived in Kentucky, would you go searching for a rental property for a town home in Salt Lake City? The answer is no. So therefore let's get rid of it. We're holding onto it for the wrong reasons. And you need that money to then roll into Yeah, your next house. Where Did scared Zach about the new house payment go Now he's a real estate guru. Yeah, now you're, now you're a real estate baron. What's going on? You're all over the place.


Yeah, no, I I get it. We're having some, we've Just been mul us over for a while Time. Trust me. We get, we're having having a good time. Listen, If you, if you take the offer and you're going to make the move and they're not covering any moving expenses, then we're pause the baby steps. Stack up cash until we make the move and we settle in. Yeah. And then we'll hit p play again and making, at that point 150 K, you're gonna knock out your debt faster and you'll likely have a home eventually, maybe you rent for a little while and just put that money from the profits and savings and you'll get a home a year from now. Once you've settled in, figure out the neighborhoods, schools, all that good stuff. Yeah, I, I gotta tell you, George and I are in full agreement. The two judges here on the panel move or not move. Move or stay.


We say move. This is a no brainer. I think this is what your heart wants. Am I right? Yeah. We, we wanna get out, we want home for our kids to be able to Grow up. This is a no-brainer. The studio audience is just waiting for you to make this decision. They're Gonna be throwing rocks at the class here in a Second. Throw rocks at the glass if you keep asking questions about this, this is a no brainer. You know what, you've done a very good job of thinking through everything, but you're overthinking now. You know? Okay, Do it. You guys have been so smart. If You get off the phone and say, Hey babe, we're moving, I'm taking the offer, would she be stoked? Yeah, but I think she'd be happy with it. The, we'd be both very happy with it.


It's a little ways away from family, which, you know, gives us her some pause. That's her biggest thing. Mine was the money part, but she'd be totally on board. She wants to she wants to move. Is She, is she near you right now? Are you guys in the same house or building or are you separate? No, we're she, she's at home. I'm actually at work right Now. All right my friend, listen, I'm putting you on hold you to hang up Zach on clock. Zach, you're on the clock. Call her right now and say, hey listen, I just talked to these two knit wits and they think we should move and she's gonna be thrilled. It's gonna be okay. It's why they make planes to fly and see family. Alright, don't move. Good work there George. Yeah, you're Tt you Feel good about yourself.


Yeah, I think I get to be Wit knit and wit. I like that. That's good. Alright, quick break. We'll be right back with more of your calls. This is The Ramsey Show.


Alright, let's cut to the chase. It's easy to get discouraged about crazy house prices and interest rates, but when you have the right real estate agent to help you buy and sell the right way, you'll have confidence to make smart decisions. RAMSEY trusted agents aren't just experts who guide you through buying or selling. They're someone you can trust to have your back from the first call to closing day. Find a RAMSEY trusted agent near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show where we help you win with your money, win in your work, and win with your relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is the phone number alongside George Kamel. I'm Ken Coleman, excited to have you with us. Dan starts us off in Tampa, Florida. Dan, how can we help Gentlemen? Good afternoon. How are Y'all? Good afternoon sir. How can we help? I've got a quick question. So I have been setting aside budgeting, you know, a couple dollars every month the last few years here towards an engagement ring. I will not likely be spending that money anytime soon.


And So I was wondering if there's a better option. I mean I'm sure there is, but I was wondering what your thoughts are on a better option for, you know, how to use this cash rather than just have it, you know, sitting in a drawer and and losing value on rising rates and everything. So there there's no one in mind. You were just saving up. I'm single as a Pringle. Wow. You're really looking ahead. Hold on a second. Did you say single as a Pringle as in like a chip? I did. Huh? I gotta tell you I've never heard that one before. It's very exciting. I apologize. My a DH ADHD was flaring. Go ahead George. Apologize. Doesn't take much to excite Ken these days. Well I like it.


I've never heard that before. It's a good line but it makes sense. I'm getting it. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so you're saving this money for a so for a future, a lady in your life you don't even, it doesn't even exist. That is, that is the plan. She exists in prayer and thought and that's about it right now. Are there other things that you should be saving for? I'm sure there are. What? Do you have any debt? Kind of. I have A oh Dan, So I oh, I had a sense that it just didn't, didn't, didn't add up. What do you, what do you have? What is, what is sort of, what does that mean?


Well I have, I have about $41,000 in vehicle debt. And I say kind of because it's technically under my, I have a full-time job, but I also have a side business cleaning, cleaning gum from public roadways and sidewalks and stadiums and all that jazz. And so the vehicle's technically under the business, but it, it is. Dan you signed the papers, not the imaginary business guy. How big of a car do you need to get gum off the road? It's a truck just to haul around the equipment. Oh, what's the truck worth? Is a truck is worth? I checked this morning $58,000.


And what size truck is this? It's a three quarter ton's ram 2,500. And you need something that big to, to haul around the gum getter, upper equipment? No, not necessarily. I can downsize You see where we're going here. Alright, George walking through getting rid of this monster. Yeah, he doesn't need this giant $58,000 truck. No, I would sell it For a side business that scoops gum up. You're Gonna make what? 16 grand in profit that you could then use to pay cash for a used truck? I could. Yep. That's what I'd be doing if I'm ding ding, ding. Listen, if we're on a first date and you're telling you about your 50,000 gum truck, I'm, it's a red flag for me.


You know what I mean? I want, I mean I, I totally understand. I then the reason I went with the, you know, I bought that vehicle as opposed to something used is just when I go to to demos and meetings. I wanted a vehicle that was clean and looked nice. Nobody Cares When you're like being presentable type of thing. Nobody Cares What I'm hiring gum guy. I am not going, he better show up with a nice Dually on that thing. Yeah. I'm hiring the one guy on the planet who's gonna get the gum off the street. They don't care what your truck looks like. In fact they kind of expect you to drive. In fact, if I'm hiring a guy today to come get gum off the street, I kind of wanna see the guy that's got a car with two-one paint on it. The, the bumper's beat up. I go Now that's a guy who, well Here's the reason Ken, who get that gum up then I go, You know, he's not charging me for his truck payment as part of this.


Yeah, I see a guy with a beat up truck. I go, he's gonna charge a fair price. I see a guy with a $50,000 truck go. I'm take getting taken to the cleaners. Yeah. Would You consider Dan getting this gum off the public streets? It's a dirty job. Have you heard of this concept? My friend Mike Rose got a very popular show called Dirty Jobs. I've, I think it's, I'm familiar with it but I don't know much about it. But Would you consider what you do? Pretty dirty job. It's not a fun job You can be. Yeah. Alright, my point is, you don't need a fancy truck. We're trying to drive this home. So get rid of that. What's the car? What's the truck payment on that? Yeah, y'all are gonna love this. About 700 bucks a month. There's your ring cost when we get the lovely lady in interested.


So Sell the truck, use the pro the proceeds to buy a used truck. You can use some of your savings if you need a, you know, a $17,000 truck if you really need it. And then whatever money's left over becomes your emergency fund and let's start stacking money on top of that to get to three to six months of expenses. Then we can start investing and any money beyond that, we can begin saving up for a ring in a separate account. But truthfully, I wouldn't even start saving until I meet this person. Yeah, I agree. 'cause you're making enough money to where you can cashflow a nice ring. That's what we're getting at. Yeah. Clearing that $700 payment. It's not gonna take you long to save up another 10 grand for a ring. Yeah, You got it Dan. That we're talking a year and a half at that point.


Damn. And you, you probably should be dating this person. Yeah. For a little while before making that kind of commitment. Yeah. Drop the truck. Go. You don't need a fancy schmancy truck. All right. Get rid of the truck. Keep scooping the gum retained earnings. More profits. Start listening to the Entree Leadership podcast. All right. He's got himself in a sticky situation, Ken. Oh there It is. I gotta say Folks, there's George. I thought it was gonna be all. Yeah, rainbows and gum drops but I'm supposed to do the dad jokes. I'm sorry. You're you're dad now, so welcome. Thank you.


By the way, the Ramsey Network app is the only place to get the full episode of The Ramsey Show. So for instance is our second hour. If you wanna get the third hour, the only place you can get it is the Ramsey Network app. You can download it for free using the link of the show notes or by searching the Ramsey Network in your app store. Now if you're on radio, stay tuned. We still got a lot of show coming to you.


And to that end, how about a question from the Ramsey Network app? What do you say George? I like it is from Scott. He asks, my wife had significant student loan debt with multiple loans we paid off most of them. The last one is a mortgage against her parents' house. It's about 29,000. They wanna move soon and we need the loan in our name. Do we take out a personal loan, refinance our house, get a HELOC or something different? What say you George. Oh yeah, y Yeah. How about those options? Mortgage against her parents' house. 29,000. They wanna move. We need the loan in our name 'cause her last student loan is a mortgage against the parent's house. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I would refinance.


That's probably your best option for the, the best rates and terms on that thing is just to refinance it. 'cause the HELOC will have a variable rate in a lot of cases and it's gonna be higher than what you'd get on a traditional mortgage rate. And the amount shouldn't be a problem to get that amount. Small Amount. Yeah. When it comes to student loans. Exactly. And personal loan, again, not gonna have a quite the terms of a mortgage.


So I'd contact our, our good friends at Church Home Mortgage and get a refinance done on this.


And it looks like they've paid off a good amount. We don't know the amount of money they've paid off. So it looks like they've got the discipline to do this and that gets 'em free and clear of the parents. Which is again, Always messy. You're always preaching about this kinda stuff where family members come to the table, they want to help so they go, Hey well you can do this, put it on our blah blah blah. And then you get in a situation like this, this one doesn't seem like it's sticky. I hate what the gum pun still going. But nonetheless, soon as They wanna move, now You're dad. That's right. That's right. So this is why we preach, just stay out of that stuff altogether. Yeah. Wow. You give me a lot to chew on today Ken. Some make it good stuff this hour this you can do this.


You, you have the ability to keep doing this. This is all my brain wants to think about. But instead we have to work. Yeah, we have to be professionals. Well, yeah, I'm trying to think right now, like this whole situation like where this young man got the truck right and he's in the gum business. You know I need to Google this business. Yeah, yeah. Scooping up the gum off and I'll bet you he's getting paid by municipalities. It sounds like these are public roads and things like that. So I was gonna come back to this. I wanted to get to the network app question, but coming back to the situation, this is a really good potential business for this guy. 'cause if he does a really good job then you know you start getting, he's the Go-to gum guy All over the state or wherever and it's pretty easy money.


'cause not everybody's lining up to do that. But he doesn't need the fancy truck. Is it relegated to just gum? That's the question. Is it any sticky substance on the road? I gotta believe if you can get gum up, you can get gunk up. Maybe it's gum and gunk. I don't know. But he doesn't need, I'm trying to come up with an analogy that you don't want to blow up in your face. Have you seen that? That business college hunks hauling junk. He could be like College hunk getting rid of gunk. I don't like where you're taking this. And with that I, we did press my case Gum and gunk and then you're Ted to bring in college hunks. Nobody knows why. It's A business. Everyone knows the business. You know this business? There's one lady in the lobby who's apparently paying attention to the college hunks. Nobody else in the lobby even knows what we're talking About.


I'll fill Kenon on this break. Alright, we'll look it up. Only on your computer though. Alright. Good hour, George. Thank you sir. This is The Ramsey Show.