
Don't miss our virtual event happening tonight. I'm sharing my personal playbook for investing and real estate. Get your ticket at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events. Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. I'm Dave Ramsey, your host Rachel Cruz.


Number one bestselling author, RAMSEY personality, co-host of the Smart Money Happy Hour with Mr. George Kamel on the RAMSEY Networks. And my daughter, she's my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Latonya is with us in Michigan. Hey, Latonya, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi, Dave and Rachel. Thank you for having me. Sure. What's up? I was calling to ask, me and my boyfriend have been together for about two years. He lives there in Springfield in Spring Hill, Tennessee, and I live in Michigan. And we've discussed getting married and he has plans on relocating to Michigan, but he's not willing to relocate without sec, securing a job first.


And he's been applying, but his lease ends in June. And I'm just wondering if you think it's a good idea to wait for him to secure a job to come to Michigan to find a place together, or if I should move out. I've, I, I live with my dad. Me and my daughter moved in after I got divorced. And so I was just wondering what you both think. So what I, I'm, I'm a little bit confused. So, so he's, do I think he ought to come to Michigan without a job? Is that the question? Well, No, he doesn't. Well, I'm asking if you think I should move out of my dad's house, like before he secures a job here, or if I should just wait until he does secure a job here and me and him move in somewhere together.


Well, I think, you know, you're asking me, so I'm gonna tell you I would get married before I move in together. I plan is to get married Well before you move in together. Yes. Like bef like, but once he, once he comes, yeah. Once he a job. Yeah. As soon as he, are you engaged? No. Okay. He hasn't asked me. Okay. Well, we're getting these things outta order as far as I'm concerned. I'm an old school guy, so my daughter is sitting next to me. If my daughter called me like this, I'd be going, Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're gonna get these things in the right order. Okay. And so we're gonna say, okay, what you, you said you have a a, you said you have a daughter?


Yes. Okay. You would not tell her to move in with a guy that she wasn't married to, would you? No, I would tell her to get married first, but that, that is our plan. It's just like I live with my dad. We're not engaged. I've been living with, we're not, It might be your plan, it ain't his. Yeah. So I think, I think, I think what's, so, to answer your question, just like point blank and then maybe we can kind of backpedal and talk through more of the why, but no, I would stay Are you, are you paying rent with your dad or are you just living there? No. Okay. Yeah, I'm just, so, I, I would live there with your daughter. He needs to come move, rent somewhere, find a job once he's stable or feels, you know, that well enough to be able to say, okay, yes, now we're gonna get engaged.


You guys have been dating for a long period of, you know, two years. You're both adults, you probably know. Yeah. We, we will, we can make this engagement faster. We don't have to be engaged for three years. Right? We can have a wedding. It may not be an extravaga wedding, but we'll get married. And then the next step then would be, okay, now we have formed a family unit and we're gonna live as the, as that. And I think the problem is so often, like we fast forward that process. And what's difficult too is we have found over and over and over and over and over again, and even more recent research has come out to show, like, even from, not even from a financial perspective, but just a quality of life perspective. The happiness among couples is higher with those who actually didn't even live together before married, married, and then lived together than those that lived together even before.


And so, you know, we're, you just see all of this play out. And I think too, what's, what's hard is we see the other end of that. We see, we get the calls of people that everything's Screwed Up, everything messed up. And you, you know, you move in together and then he can't find a job and it's been a year, and you're starting to pay his bills. Like, it just gets real messy, real fast. And so from a relational and financial perspective, the cleaner those lines can be, honestly, it, it's just, it, it makes the process smoother. And it may not be like what everyone does or, you know, fill in the blank. But it does, it just, it, it makes the process, again, from a relational and a financial perspective smoother. So, no, I would not move out of your dad's place. I think, you know, you probably have a great setup there.


If you wanted to move out with your daughter and rent somewhere on your own, you could, but I would say, I would say put, let him move here. Figure out the job and the place to live. And then, And that could all happen in a short period of time. I mean, he could get a job. Yeah. That job say, yeah, he could get a job. You could get engaged, you could get married and rent an apartment and move out. Yeah. That could happen in The next nine months, you know, Six months. Yeah. That could happen. It could happen in one month. It one, I mean, that fair, he got the job and moved up there and got married. You know, that doesn't have, it doesn't require this lengthy Right, Right. Process. But, but, but no, I would definitely not move out of your dad's place into an apartment with an unemployed guy who I I'm not married to.


No. That, that just, you know, as Rachel said, that sounds like no fun at all. There's nothing in there that sounds fun from an old dad perspective, you know, I mean, really, that's just like, no daughter don't do that. So for your sake, for the sake of your kid, you just went through hell with a divorce. I mean, come on. So last thing we wanna do is sign up. Let, let's just say, All Right, get a job, get engaged, get married. And that can all happen in, you know, a 10 day period of time. I don't care. Get out an apartment and move in that let's just line the dominoes up and push 'em down. You know, that's, but yeah, there, there's, and, and I appreciate he doesn't wanna come back there until he has something to come back to job wise. Sure. Absolute. Absolutely. Yeah. That's responsible on his part.


Very, very good stuff. Open phones here at Triple eight, eight two five five two two five. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality is my co-host George Kamel. And I did the first night of the investing Essentials last night. If you're listening to this live and today, Her, it went great. Her was a great night. George Did an amazing job. The other guy, I don't know that I don't know, He's, he's still Out. He's, he's struggling. But They'll put a survey out to the audience and, and let them grade. They will. Okay, good. How Well you've done. I'll, I'll feel better when I don't look at that. I'm kidding. Okay. Yeah. So last night was night one of our virtual event investing essentials. We covered all investing principles.


We went deep into the mutual fund discussion, talked about all the traps and the bad stuff. Tonight we're going to do, and it's primarily me tonight is gonna do, I'm gonna open my playbook on real estate, and, you know, here's how I decide to buy a piece of real estate. Here's what I want it to look like. And if you're wanting to learn how to invest in real estate, we're gonna go into more detail than you would want. I'm gonna nerd out. We're gonna unpack all the math formulas. We're gonna show you how it's really done in the big leagues and not on Tic-Tac. And so the guys on Tic-Tac, and I would Say if, if people didn't know a little insight, if you weren't doing what you're doing, you'd be in real estate full time. It's what you were doing before you were doing this.


But you love, like real estate's, your next love. You love all of this. Yeah. But your next love is, I mean, you, Oh, I, I've got a degree in real estate. Real, I had an hour meeting with your husband who runs our real estate today. Wednesday's Always like, We're looking at a piece of ground to develop right now. I mean, I had an hour meeting on it this morning. What? He'll, I love it. He'll say, my favorite Dave is real estate Dave. He just gets like real, like it's, he gets excited about it. You love it. And so you're the best. You're one of the best teachers on the planet for it. So it's Fantastic. And we actually do it. It's not theory. So we own about 600 million worth. So if you wanna talk about real estate, we're gonna do that tonight. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com. Tickets are 1 99 and slash events at Ramsey Solutions dot com. Get your ticket, join us this evening.


If you're late hearing this, there might be a way for you to do it anyway. I don't know, figure all that out. But we're gonna put the material out there so you guys can get helped. This is The Ramsey Show.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all, grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap, posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Zander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options. And they've been around for over 95 years. So, you know, they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal, and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit xandr.com for instant online quotes, or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY. Personality number one bestselling author is my co-host today, Shante is in Atlanta. Hi, Shante, how are you? I'm doing well. How are you doing? Better than I deserve. What's up in your world? Okay, sir. About year ago, my daughter was killed in a murder suicide by her husband. Whoa. I'm trying not to, I'm gonna try to get through this. Oh, so sorry. Wow. I have custody of my grandchildren. They left three children. One he had from a previous marriage, but I have two, which was theirs. Wow. Because of this.


They have a house in Texas. I've been paying on this house for almost a year. I'm trying to figure out if I should keep paying for it because it has to go through probate or continue to take care of myself and pay off my debt, which I have a student loan that is about 80,000, but I had to put that on pause to, in order to take care what This house, what is the, what is the house worth? Well, according to a young man, I had to go evaluate it is worth it has about a hundred, a little over a hundred in equity.


A hundred thousand. Okay. To 130 in Equity. And why is the probate not clear a year later in Texas? Well, I believe that's my fault because I'm living here in Atlanta and the house is in Texas. So I had to travel back and forth, of course, to take care of things there. And The babies are with you now. It was hard to find a lawyer. The Babies are with you now and, and in Atlanta, right? Yes. Okay. It was hard to find a lawyer. Well, a hundred thousand dollars is a great part-time job, Sir. I said making a hundred thousand dollars for your new part-time job called getting this house probated and sold.


That's a nice part-time job. A hundred grand. I'm already $20,000 in and I'm getting nervous. You, you, you're missing my point. If you sell the house, you get a hundred thousand dollars in your pocket's, what you told me, right? Yes. Ain't nothing else you're doing going pay you that. So I'm, I'm, I'm gonna make this a priority, but You're $20,000 in meaning from lawyer fees, travel, all of that is, that's what you're saying. You're, and you're like, I'm nervous. No, You've been, you've been paying The payment. Yes. Taking care of the house, making sure it stays. You need to go, you need to do, do you have any time off available from work or have you used it all up with this tragedy?


Okay. I'm also a caretaker from my mother-in-law. So I'm home. So I have To So you're married, Take Yes, sir. Okay. Yes, sir. Listen to me. If I waive a hundred thousand dollars, check under your nose and say, go get it. That's where you're sitting. You need to go get the a hundred thousand dollars, which means you need to prioritize and say someone else. Take care of mother-in-law for a week. I'm gonna haul my butt over to Texas, get a lawyer, get this thing, run through probate, get it on the market with a real estate agent, get it sold. Put a hundred thousand dollars in my pocket for the good of you, your family and these babies. Okay? May, may I say something else, sir? Sure. Okay.


So when it goes through probate, a lot of the, a lot of the fees were eaten into that. Am I correct? There's nine big fees in probate in Texas. Okay? No big deal. Okay? It's, it's a a few hundred dollars to get a lawyer and get the thing before the judge tell the judge, tell the lawyer to tell the judge the story. This is a tragedy. These children, these babies are dependent upon this asset to take care of them with their granny who's taken them in. We need to fast track this thing right down the rails, judge. And the judge will go, oh yeah, I'm gonna take care of this one. This one ain't dragging out. Stamp, stamp, stamp. Boom. House is on the market and you're outta here.


Hope Texas is not a difficult, I hope Texas is not a difficult state, Okay? I mean, I've been on call like 10 lawyers. I, hopefully I found one. Hopefully I have not. Okay? Here's what I, here's what I want you to do. Let's stop. Let me, let me help you with, I'll guide you through it. But what I need you to do is make this a huge priority. If I told you I would hire you for one week and pay you $100,000 and you had to go to Texas for one week, you would go do that. Yes, Sir. That's what's in front of you. Okay? So I want you to go to Ramsey Solutions dot com. I want you to find one of our smart vest. I mean, one of our LPs for real estate, or RAMSEY, trusted real estate LPs.


What city in Texas is this? It's a city called Temple, Texas County. All Right. And what's that? What's that outside of? I believe, oh my gosh. What's it close to? Because I don't know That one. Green Texas. What? Austin. Austin. I mean, Austin is like an hour and a half away. Okay. All Right. So I want you to get a, one of the RAMSEY trusted real estate agents, and I want you to get on the phone with 'em today. I want you to ask them to help you find a probate attorney. Tell them this story. They will help you run, run this to ground. They can help you find an attorney. You can get on the phone with an attorney and, and the real estate agent will help you if you're gonna list the house with them, right?


Yes, I Have a little, and they'll know somebody in the area and they'll know an attorney that does probate work. And the probate attorneys know the judge in probate. They can pick up the phone and call the judge and go, look, here's what we got. We got these two babies in a murder, murder, suicide, horrible situation. And when these babies are about to lose their only asset if we don't get this done. 'cause granted he lives over in Atlanta and can't get this household. Judge, we need a little help. And boom, we're gonna get this thing done, girl. Well, thank you, Dave. I hope so. You know, you you, you're gonna get it done. I'm saying you, you're gonna lean into it. This is your new parttime job that pays a hundred thousand dollars. I'm, I'm trying, this is your part-time job that pays a hundred thousand dollars.


And this is more important than taking care of your mother-in-law for the next week. When you say, when you believe Me, I've been there five times trying to get this done. Yeah. So what, believe me. So I I'm curious what the, what you said, I, you know, I've been trying, you've been down there five. What, what holdups are you finding? Like what are they telling you? Trying To find, trying to find the, I believe I found a lawyer finally. I paid the fees. I haven't heard from them yet, unfortunately. I don't know what's been done. How Long ago was this? But About a month ago. Your Jobs called them every day till they get their finger out of their ear.


Okay. Yeah. Okay. This is like my 10th lawyer. I'm telling you. I've been trying, Okay. All Right. You hang on. Or are you, jump on Ramsey Solutions, I'm sorry. And get a hold of one of the real estate agents to see if you can get some help over there. 'cause the thing is, your job is put pressure, heavy pressure on this whole situation so that it spits out a hundred thousand check and you've kind of hit or miss. Well, the lawyer didn't do it. And well, I did it a month ago and I hadn't followed up. See, you're not putting the pressure on. I want you to put the pressure on be mama bear. I want you to lean in and take care of this situation.


And which too, You know, no fault to you too. I mean, this happened a year ago. I'm like, you're probably coming out of this fog. I mean, I can't even imagine. I can't imagine how, how much pain is involved with it. Yeah, I try. I mean, it's just, yeah, I'm like this, there's so, there's so much. But I hope, I hope this call for you gave you more of the confidence and the motivation to say, okay, I am doing the right thing and push forward. 'cause sometimes, and I, and I could feel this, like, you hear probate, you hear, I mean, it's a very intimidating idea if you're not, if you don't deal with lawyers and you don't deal with judges on a regular basis, right? I'm like, there's a level where this can feel very intimidating and you almost can outsource it, which I think is what she's done. She's yielded a lot to these lawyers.


But what you're giving her the permission and the mandate is to be like, you can, you can not, that you can quote unquote do more, but like, you can step into this role with more aggression. And that's, and you should, Most lawyers need desperately need someone to tell them what to do. Often. Often. And that's like my goal in life is to tell lawyers what to do. Often you need to boss them around. They're not used to it. And it's really good for them when somebody finally does it. So, and it's good for you. 'cause this needs to get done. This needs to get done. 'cause you're paying a payment that thing's sitting there eating you alive instead of blessing you. And it's eating these, you know, when it's eating you alive, it's affecting these babies instead of blessing them.


This a hundred thousand dollars would go a long way to take care of your family. And the therefore you being able to take care of these babies. I'm so sorry y'all been through this Shante, it's horrible. But get one of the real estate agents over in the area to help you run. Point on this and then you lean into it. Growl Mama bear. Go get 'em. There's a hundred thousand dollars check laying there. Don't let anybody keep you from it. Go get it. Go get it. Don't walk away from this. This is The Ramsey Show.


There's a time in your life and did the baby steps for renting, but you don't wanna do it forever because when you rent, you're still paying for a mortgage, just somebody else's Plus rent means instability in your budget because it always goes up, never down. So when you're ready to buy, make sure you work with a mortgage partner. You can rely on Churchill mortgage. Churchill is RAMSEY trusted to help you make the move from renting to home ownership wisely. Churchill understands that when you buy a home the RAMSEY way, your mortgage payment will be a consistent, manageable part of your monthly budget. Plus when your home is paid off, that was your largest expense. Now it's extra money in your pocket and an asset towards turning you into a baby steps millionaire. So get started on the American dream of home ownership today@churchillmortgage.com. That's churchill mortgage.com. This is a paid advertisement in MLS ID 1 5 9 1 in MLS consumer access.org. Equal housing lender 1749 Mallory Lane, suite 100, Brentwood, Tennessee, 3 7 0 2 7.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY. Personality open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five.


Our question today is brought to you by why refi our defaulted private student loan payments, dragging you down, why refi can help you save thousands of dollars. Visit why refi.com/ RAMSEY. See how they can help. That's the letter. Why refi.com/ RAMSEY might not be in Allstate.


Okay, this is a funny one. I just read it. Today's question comes from Steve in Indiana, would your snowball plan help get America out of three $36 trillion of debt? And how would you budget it? I wish Trump had you on the Doge team. Yeah, no, I I don't fit in with people that do stuff. No, I I don't fit in in anything in DC It is kind of fun to watch them take a machete to the ridiculous spending. And you don't have to be of any political ilk to think that, you know, machetes to the ridiculous spending is, are necessary. This is outta control for sure.


I mean, it's a, it's a funny question, but the, the, the truth is, is that running a government of any size, the state of Tennessee, for instance, the governors, the last several governors I've been friends with, and it's a different endeavor to run something like that than to run a business or run your personal account. Sure. The principle of being debt-free still stands and it's a good principle. And the principle of living on less than you make still stands. And the principle of good management or good frugality still stands. The, so, I mean, I can give you an opinion, but it's probably worth exactly what you paid for it. The, i I observed under, for instance, bill Clinton was the last president that had a balanced budget that we actually did not run.


I mean, he, he did it. Some say that he did some of that off of, I mean the tax code that was in place at that point was put in place by Reagan. And so the lowered taxes, the Laffer Curve Art Laffer famous four Was the Reagan stuff all the way through. Wasn't Bush one and then Clinton. Yeah. Yeah. But the, it was, but I mean, it was HWI mean h you know, was running the same camp, it was running the same deal except he raised taxes on one thing. Yeah. And that got him baked. But the, anyway, politically, but, but the point being that there's, there's really good evidence.


The Laffer Curve is true. Art Laffer has the, it's is known for the theory of as to a certain degree, as you lower taxes it, the economy heats up because the people that are making money are putting money back into their businesses and they make yet more money and they pay yet more taxes even though the rate is lower. Now, there's a point of diminishing returns on the curve. It is a curve, it's not a straight line. But if you lower taxes, it heats up the economy and you end up collecting more revenue. So if you want to increase the federal government's income from taxes, income tax, then you would, oddly enough, lower taxes, it seems, it seems oxymoronic.


Right? Right. But actually, it actually does work. And so as the, as the tax, you know, so if you wanna get out of debt, one of the things we tell you to do is get an extra job. Right. I mean, increase your income to get out of debt. So that will be part of the equation. Let's increase the income of the United States of America by increasing the revenues produced by the tax system by oddly enough, lowering the tax rates to cause that to happen and stimulate the economy. The, and that does work. And I mean, people that have studied John Maynard Kanes and are socialists, which John Maynard Kanes was a socialist. Keynesian economics are taught in almost every economics class in Professor Land out there.


But I'm not a believer. I'm an Adam Smith guy. I'm a free market guy and I really do understand this stuff. So anyway, all that to say, you would increase the income and then of course you would do what Doge is doing. You cut the snot out of the expenses. So if you could ever get it right side up where the, there was more income than out go, in other words, there is no deficit. Yeah. Not only is there No, because deficit means you're going in the hole every month. Yeah. And if you, you gotta turn that to get out of debt. Right. And, and then could you start to pay off the debt? Absolutely. You could. And, and what's weird is the way that stuff works on a governmental level, it would happen, it would be really quick. Hmm. Because of the way the thing would feed on itself.


'cause the other thing that's tied into this is there's o what's called monetary policy. Meaning that, that when the government takes a trillion dollars out of the economy by borrowing it, by issuing bonds to cover the deficit, that trillion dollars is not out there running around in the economy to stimulate the economy. So when the government runs debt, it sucks the bone marrow out of the economy because it drop, it drops currency down. The, the, you know, the, the amount of money that's moving around is, is shortened considerably. And when you start putting all that back, or when you just stops bone marrow out, and then on top of that, you start putting some back into the, you know, the thing could really heat up and the revenues could go through the roof.


It could be, it could be rowdy. And so that, that's one set of theories that gets you there. But this is the first time in my lifetime that I've seen anyone that had the political didn't give a crap. The political don't give a crap in order to just walk in there with an ax and a machete and just start chopping down everything in sight. And it's, I I didn't know if I'd ever see it. You, it truly had to be somebody that didn't care because he can't, because it's so offensive. You can't be, you can't be elected again. So if you don't like it, screw you. You know? And it, it's like, it had to be somebody doing that because if anybody cares about being reelected, then you know, every little person you piss off by cutting one of these programs is a voter.


And you start worrying about being reelected or not. But when you truly reach the point of I don't give a crap. And apparently that's where this bunch is. I mean, it's, it's interesting to watch. And by the way, that's also the thing that happens with individuals. You guys out there, when you guys get outta debt, you reach a point you don't care what your bro brother-in-law's a opinion is about what you drive. 'cause he ain't paying the payments anyway and he doesn't get a vote. And so you're gonna go do radical stuff to get your life back and get out of debt. And there, there is some correlation to this. Sure. Sure. And that, that's, it's interesting. It's an interesting discussion. Sure. Has got people 44 days, 44 days he is been office. This is, it's wild. It's just wild.


It's, it's entertaining. As correct on The state of the union ever of last night History. Ms. Francisco is in Des Moines, Iowa. Hi Francisco. How are you? Hey, miss RAMSEY, thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? Hey, so I have a question regarding a possible job change. So where I'm at, I currently make about 128,000 per year. I commute to work. So that translates to about 400 to $450 per month in gas. And my insurance is a pretty expensive, where I'm at right now. The job offer that I got is where I live in town and I would be saving an additional $750 per month. My question is, is that enough to, I guess, warrant the job change?


Me and my wife are currently on baby step number three. You're making more money if you're making more money and it's closer to home. What's the downside? The downside is as a body, auto, body tech work is pretty inconsistent here in town. But where I'm at, it's like it's never dipped down. So that's the only thing that's kind of worrying me is like the, the possible steady ruining po ruining, ruining possible steady flow of income. So you get paid by the job by the hour. Yeah. Not by, so this might not be a raise.


Actually it is a $2 increase. Yeah, I know. But if you get less work, the $2 doesn't matter. Exactly. That's kind of my concern. Have you asked around what people are getting? I mean, do you have a ballpark of like, yeah, this seems realistic and there's gonna be high months and there's gonna be low months. But do you have a middle ground at all from other people in the, in the field? No. No. I don't really. How many people, is this this place you're talking about going to employ in your position? There's two other techs there. Are they staying busy? They're Kind of for them. Yes. When I talked to the general manager, they're looking for someone to kind of can put out more volume. 'cause the texts they have right now are kind of just Yeah.


But is he gonna, is he promising you you're gonna stay busy? He promised me that I was gonna stay busy. He just didn't stay for how long? Yeah, just, just tell him that he has to guarantee you financially that if we're not busy, you're paying me anyway. And that takes the risk out of it. Negotiate a different deal with a potential employer. This is The Ramsey Show.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. All Right. So I was born and raised in Texas and I love the myth of the lone cowboy. You know, the guy who doesn't need anyone or anything. It's a fun story. And it's a lie in our self-obsessed society. We're obsessed about our own diets, our own workout routines, our own jobs, our own social media feeds, everything. It's easy to forget that no one can do life alone. And I don't care if you're an introvert, an extrovert, or whatever you wanna call yourself. We all have to have a community and a support system to do life with. It's time to shift the focus from doing it all by ourselves to knowing that we can only be well and whole when we ask for help. Therapy can be a great source of help and support for any area of your life. And if you're thinking about starting therapy, try BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy so it can fit with your schedule. To get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time for no extra cost this month. Start to build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HEL p.com/delony.


Rachel Cruz RAMSEY Personality is my co-host today. Megan is with us in Orlando. Hi Megan, welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hi Dave. Thank you for taking my call. Sure. What's up? So I've kind of gotten myself or my life into a big mess and I stumbled across your show and I, I'm trying to take steps to, to get out of debt. So I guess I would be in baby step two. Good. Yes. The problem I'm running into is, before I came across your show, me and my fiance, I was, I was really big on trying to get us to kind of put our money together and kind of tackle this together.


Now that I've kind of came across that I learned it's a big no-no to put your money together before you are married. And I am the breadwinner of our house. We have 10 people in my home. So between, we have five children and then I just adopted my nephew and I have his big brother at my house too. So I'm feeling all of this pressure. I, I work two full-time jobs and I'm just trying to What Does your fiance do? Get Control? He works a full-time job at the hospital working on hospital equipment. Okay. And what does he earn? I'm an, he an annually, probably about 50. When I looked at his last year, I made 160.


Doing what now? What do you do? I'm an ultrasound technician. You're working? I work working. You're working a lot then? Yeah, I do full-time nights and then I do full, I take call full-time days. So I pretty much do 24 hours Shifts. Okay, so the two of you and the two of you have five children? I had two from a previous marriage, well, not marriage, just relationship. And then I put myself through school as a single mom. And then I got my career and then I met him and we got pregnant quickly. And then since then, we've been together for six years. Okay. Alright. And you guys have three kids Together, so, and he's your fiance son?


We have three together. And when, when are you Planning? We've been engaged. When are you planning to get married? Well, at first I, we put it on hold 'cause my father fell ill and I was his caretaker and then we just haven't done it. One finances. I I felt like it was silly to spend money for, you know, a wedding, But, well, let me, lemme ask you this. I'm, I'm just curious and I'm not trying to be sarcastic or anything, but you're, you're functioning in every way almost as if you're married now. Yeah. And have been for some time. So what's the difference in that and getting married this weekend for $50?


I'm scared because my, What are you scared of? You already have children, you live together, you support him. My what is there to be scared of My child from another relationship and my nephew that I just got custody of. They're not big fans of him. They're not what I feel like. I don't, there's big fans, Not him. They're big fans. Yeah. Like I feel like there's red flags. They, they don't like him. They think I deserve better six Years. Yeah. Two children too late to ask some child their opinion of this guy. Yeah. They Don't get a vote. I mean, we're in, we're in, we're in therapy together working on some relational issues.


Do You feel like you'll be with him long term? I mean, do you wanna marry him? I mean, most of the time I, I do feel like that, but it's more like we, we go through the motions of raising our kids. So sometimes I wonder like once the kids are grown up, the longevity, if that makes sense. Sometimes it feels like we're in this Tricky, you guys, you guys are, are fabulous can kickers. You've kicked the can. Kicked the can, kicked the can, kicked the can put it off, kicked the can, put it off all these reasons. And, and then still functioning as if you're married. And the the reason I'm bringing all this up is it's not working for you. I'm listening to you. Yeah. And there's no fun in your voice at all.


I think there's just a lot of fear and I have a lot of pressure 'cause he's coming to me now and he is like, okay, let's put our money together. And I'm like, we're not married. No. We're gonna, we're gonna get married. That's what we're gonna do. Or we're not gonna put our money together. And also, you know, if if I woke up in your shoes, what would I do? That's how I answer questions here. Okay. So my friend Henry Cloud is a famous psychologist and he wrote a book called Necessary Endings. And he says you end any relationship, whether it's your job, whether it's contact with an extended family who's toxic, whether it's a situation like you're in, whatever the relationship is, you end it only when you lose hope that it can get better and be right.


Does that make sense? And so I'm yeah. Not going to be sitting here this time next year if I'm you in this exact same quandary, wondering if this is gonna be okay. We're gonna get in there with this therapist and go, look, we're gonna walk around this really, really hard for 90 days and we're gonna see some serious progress. Or I'm gonna call this. Yeah. That scares you even more, doesn't it? It scares me. 'cause of the children. I don't want a broken home just because we're Not. Yeah. But but you need to decide, don't you? This painter get off the ladder, right? Yeah, Yeah.


Because You don't think the kids are suffering in this situation. Of course. They're suffering. They're suffering from all this ambiguity. They don't know what the flip's going on. 'cause their mom doesn't know what the flip's going on and their dad doesn't know what the flip's going on. And we're all just running around in circles trying to make enough money and throw it in the middle of a pot. And we're running a little commune over here and it's not working relationally. Am I missing something? Yeah, I think I'm, I'm just afraid to get married. And then he's, You're afraid of not getting married. It's not You're afraid of getting married? I'm, Yeah. I just wanna take care of my family and I think it, yeah, But here's the thing. Financial wise, it makes sense for us to get married. But no Personal. No, it doesn't. Not not if you're not, if you're not gonna be married.


'cause divorce is, I mean marriage is grand. Divorce is 50 grand. No, we don't wanna go through that. Yeah. The the, so, but you guys relationally need to make a decision. Okay? Are we the two adults in the household going to join forces and then take care of the little people? Or are we, is it best for us and the little people to be separate? But if we're gonna join forces, we need to get six years And you guys are dancing and dancing and dancing and dancing and dancing. It's, you know, because the other thing is you put all of your financial dreams and everything on hold in the process too. It's very difficult to make progress mathematically in this situation.


Yes. And that's Why, that's What, and I'm struggling with that. That's what actually prompted your call. And then I then I got all Papa Dave on you. So, but I'm just, Yeah, I just downloaded the EveryDollar budget app, which is, it's tough for me 'cause my income fluctuates. So I'm, I'm Struggling with that. You'll be able to do that really real easy when the two of you're married and you can put a hun $210,000 in that puppy and start crunching through this stuff. And you, you and him are on the same page and two grownups are running this house. Not the kids. The kids don't get a vote. Yeah. Well, it's new for me because he's never wanted to put our money together before. It's always just been very separate. You don't wanna put your money together until you're married.


But you guys have gotta make a decision about this marriage. You either need to make a decision, we're gonna start working very hard on the relationship and by this point, and that's just a for Marriage to be the outcome. Yeah. The marriage is the outcome. Or, but, or, or, or we're gonna call this, we're gonna break this thing up. We're gonna drop a grenade in the middle of it because you ca you what you're doing, you're telling us, we're not telling you, you're telling us what you're doing. The way you're doing life right now Doesn't work. I'm afraid to get married. I'm afraid to break up the house. I'm afraid I can't get traction with the money. I can't get control. This is what, what you called us and started saying, I'm just repeating it back to you.


Yeah. And so you can't keep doing the same thing over and over again and expect a different result. That's the definition of insanity, right? Yes. And That's, so that's what you're gonna do. I I'm gonna beg you as my new friend that I love, for the sake of you, for the sake of him, for the sake of these kids, you two need to look at each other and look at this therapist and go, okay, we're gonna make a decision. And in the next 90 or 120 days, we're gonna see such significant progress in this relationship that it's not perfect. There's, there's always gonna be some fear. Yeah, that's normal. But, but we're, we're seeing progress to where we have hope enough that we can call this what it is for the future.


Yeah. A marriage. Yeah. And then you put yourselves together and then you start managing those little people and you start managing those dollars. And it all starts coming together in a much cleaner way. But this, you run around trying to mother hint everything from the outside with no connectivity, doesn't work. And no, you don't combine your money with him until you're married. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite and you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and sees your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


Live from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create actual amazing relationships. Rachel Cruz RAMSEY, personality number one, bestselling author, my daughter is my co-host today. Open phones at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Jim is with us in Houston, Texas. Hi Jim, Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Hello, I, I'm honored you are taking the time to help me and millions of others with our money questions. Well, thank you for all you do. Thank you. How can we help? I am a 40-year-old widower and ready to date again.


However, my truck is 25 years old and I perceive the ladies I want to date will judge me based on the vehicle I drive. It shouldn't matter. But as a guy of average height and average appearance, I don't have the charisma to overcome a poor first impression. The question is, should I spend five to $10,000 to buy a car for the sole purpose of dating to find my future wife? Wow, there's a lot going on here, Jim. Oh my gosh. I cannot wait to talk about this. It's a great question. It's a great, great question. Okay, Jim, what, where are you at financially?


No debt, no mortgage, no kids, No debt, no mortgage, no Kids. What's your net worth? 1.3. What do you make? 132,000. Regardless of women, you should get a better car. Oh, okay. Your car sucks. You're a multimillionaire. Go get you a dadgum car son. Oh, Okay. And then the women is a different issue, but yeah, I mean, really you got a million dollars. You don't drive a 25-year-old pickup truck. I mean, you can, but there's no point in it. And, and so I would go get a better car and, but I would, I would not ever purchase a car to attract a lady because you're trying to attract the wrong kind of woman at that point.


You don't want a woman who comes to you for the car. Correct. Not, not a good, not a good, not a good connection. So, no, I mean, we want her to love the gym that Rachel and I already love. Dude, you're a great guy. Well, I just think to impress one person, I just don't know who that is yet. No, it's okay. You don't have to imp if you impress them with a car, it's the wrong woman. Have You had dates, Jim, That's called Shallow Woman And you've gotten feedback about it. I'm just curious what's causing you to think it's the truck? Right. I have been on a, a second date that was going, I thought very well. The conversation was good. And when we walked out to the parking lot, she said, oh, you're driving that. And I never heard from her again. But she doesn't, now I try and I hide the truck on the other side of the parking lot.


I'll walk her to her car leave and, But hey, listen, that, that's a good thing that you ran that one off. Okay. Okay. Can I say this as a, I mean, seriously, do you, are you gonna marry, do you wanna marry somebody who hold is judges you by your, No, I'm not saying this is a shallow chick. Can I, excuse me. Let the woman talk for a second. All Right. Have at it, woman. So Here's what I would say though, Jim. Not that it's shallow, but you do, you would wonder out of curiosity, like, oh my gosh, am I gonna have to be the one that keeps this household afloat if it goes in the future? Like if she doesn't know your financial state, again, it's not a judgment on just like the car itself. 'cause there needs to be more conversation.


But as a I I would think as a woman though, I'm like, I don't know. Am I am, am I gonna have to be the breadwinner for, you know what I mean? Like a, a level of Are are, are we gonna be on food stamps? 'cause he drives this truck? That's a question. Well, Just, I don't know. Yeah, I mean like, so the first impression thing, again, it's not for a shallow purposes, but for her to know like, no, you from, you're responsible and you, you know, all of these line up. Oh, then I don't care what kind of car you drive, I just know the man that I'm marrying. I'm entering into a relationship with that. I'm not having to be the one to like hold us up financially. Right. So if You go to Branson, Missouri, and you were to visit the Walmart museum on the square in Branson, Missouri, one of the things that's in there is Sam Walton's ancient pickup truck that the billionaire drove to work every week.


Yes. Which is Frank. And if you walk off from him because he drives that pickup truck, you would be known as a financial moron. I mean, seriously, I know I'm Not, I mean, honestly, I'm not saying not to date someone that has a crappy car. It's not that. It's just to know that like, oh yeah, you, you are a guy that can, you know, hold, you know, hold life on his own. Yeah. Like that's, and you really do, Jim, because of your, because of where you are financially. I'm not saying to go buy a new truck for those purposes. I'm just giving another perspective to think, oh my gosh is like, like is he, is he doing anything with his life? Right. I'm not saying that you're not, Jim. Does that make sense? Anyone? Am I making sense or am I sounding shallow? Yes, it does.


I'd rather have the opportunity to evaluate her character directly than she dismissed me based on a false Percent Financial. And if she hundred percent she's willing to dismiss you then without learning more about your character. Yes. Based on the truck. This is not marriage material. I agree. You know, I agree. You know, send her back to the digital thing that she came from. That's all good. You know, go away, check. And that, that, honestly the digital, Hey you dodge dodged a bullet. The digital thing. The digital thing she came from, You dodged a bullet, a Dating app, You dodged a bullet. Okay. So, but all that, anyway, all that aside, I think you oughta go get a better car for you. Okay. For you. And you could drive the pickup all you wanna drive it, but I think you ought to have a better car in the driveway for you.


You've earned it. You do not have to drive a piece of crap anymore. You live like no one else. And now you can live like no one else, Right? With the status symbol of choice. A BMW No. That, no, that's not the status symbol of choice. The status symbol of choice was a payoff mortgage. Is it More mortgage? Which Jim, you've Done taken the place of the BM bmw. But go get a better car. I'm not saying you have to go spend a hundred thousand dollars on a car, but I mean, but you don't have to, Jim, you're driving, you're driving a $1,500 truck. I mean, Jim Can be very content. He may be fine. He, he's A Sam, he ought to get a better car. He's Sam Walton. I tell these people all time, he's fine. Go get a better car. He's so, but I wouldn't do it. I would never do that. No. To attract you, the kind of woman you get, the kind of person, woman, or man, if you're in a dating relationship that you attract based on your possessions is not marriage material.


Agreed. Okay. He looked at me again. I agree. Well, I was arguing, I don't know what this whole other thing you did a while ago was, but yeah, it was Just to, just to know like, okay, I'm not having to be the breadwinner. Right? I'm like, I don't Know. I don't wanna be on food stamps. I got that. I Don't want someone that's like, yeah, that's like not working, making An income. Right. At least ask at least to ask a question instead of saying, I agree, See ya. A hundred percent agree. You know? I know. So you're driving this truck 'cause you're a billionaire or you're driving this truck 'cause you're poor and don't work much. Exactly. Well, it's just the idea of like, I don't know, I don't have to like, You could ask A question. Oh man. Yeah. I dunno. I dunno. He's 40 years Old. Jim, you're a great guy, man. I'm rooting for you. You're a great guy. And I hope this call, I'm gonna just pray this over the, over the internet so that this call may be some lady's like, Jim, I'm interested.


There you go. If you are, Houston's a little town. Shouldn't be hard to find you. Look for the, look for the old truck. Look For the old truck in Houston, Texas. Jim, like there's no old trucks in Houston, Texas. That's, there's not a chance you're gonna find him. I just appreciate, I appreciate him. That's so cool. And I really do. And I'm sorry you're a widower too. Yeah, whatever that story was. I, I am, I hope nothing but the best. Jim, I'm cheering you on. Yeah, Me too. I Hope you find a great, a great lady out there. Me too. Oh, we should do a RAMSEY dating app. No, no. It would end up like this call.


What do you mean Terrible advice? This is bad advice from both of us. I think So. We, We flunked that One. That wasn't our, that wasn't our best Call America. Sorry that Hey, it's worth what? You paid for it baby. This is The Ramsey Show.


You spent years trying to get everything just right for your family. Now you need an easy way to make sure your important financial documents are as organized as the rest of your house. Well, good news, knock box, that's NOK Box as in next of Kin Box is a complete system that helps you be sure that you leave happy Memories, not a mess when you pass away. Knock Box is a simple way to organize important paper and digital documents, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, accounts, and other personal history and one manageable place. Your family will feel your love in every detail you take care of. So start taking care of them@knockbox.com slash RAMSEY. A well organized legacy is a gift to your family. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey guys, good news. Presale is on now for my new book, build a Business You Love. If you're a business owner, you know, running a business is hard. That's why I wrote this book to share what we learned over the last 30 years. So business owners can grow your business faster with fewer mistakes. Pre-order your copy today and you'll get access to over $350 in bonus items. Only at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store pre-order today,


are you staying on track with the baby steps? Do you even know what that is? If you take a quick ch, take a ch take a quick quiz. I'll get it out in a minute. You can check your progress and receive a personalized plan for you. Simply head to the show notes, click the link titled, Are You On Track With the Baby Steps? Complete the Quiz. We'll show you where you are and what the next step is to move forward with your money. Amy's in New York City. Hi Amy. Welcome to The Ramsey Show. Thank you for taking my call, Mr. RAMSEY. Sure. I am 55 years old in a divorce settlement. I got a simple IRA of $1.2 million.


I cannot work due to some health issues. My concern is I'm kind of, I'm concerned about my burn rate and ways to mitigate my tax, my taxes. I know I'm getting a 10% early withdrawal fee because of my age and of course income tax. I'm not sure what to do. You're, you said you're not able to work because of your health? Yes. I have some cognitive issues that I'm not getting hired. Okay. And the, this is your only asset, your only source of income?


Correct. I have no debts and I have no assets. Wow. Okay. And why New York City? Well, when I got the settlement, I decided to work on my bucket list. So I did a couple things like jump out of an airplane and move to New York City, and then I started. I love it. That's awesomeness Actually. Your bucket list is both Dave, Dave likes to jump outta airplanes and I love New York City, so you check and check. Yeah. So I'm, I'm living my life. I, I really do love it. And then I sort of, I sort of sort of went, wait a minute, I need to make this last another 20, 30 years and then realized that's probably not gonna happen the way I'm going through.


Yeah. With my burn rate. The reason I asked is not because I hate New York City, but 'cause it's one of the most expensive cities in the world to live in, and we're worried about a burn rate. So those two things don't go together. That's what was running through my head. So, yeah. You know, I'm probably going to locate somewhere near people I love and frequently visit New York City rather than try to live there. That would be probably half as expensive. You're quite right. That's an idea. Okay. That's gonna affect your burn rate. Okay. There is, I I don't know of a, I mean, do you have a good financial advisor in your corner?


I have someone who's managing the IRA but not a financial advisor. Okay. No, I feel like I want like a, a tax strategist. Well, there there's not Financial advisors. Go ahead. Go ahead. Financial advisors want to make me save enough money, so I'll have 1.2 million when I'm a hundred years old and in a nursing home, and I don't want that. I have no one to save my money for. I want to be able to live my life Now. I I'm in, I'm with you on that. So a good, the way we define a good financial advisor is not someone that tells you what to do, but someone that teaches you and then you can make good decisions.


So what you're calling us for is the same thing. You're calling us for good information. Is there some way I can get at this money and lower my burn rate? Because I did do a little math here and this is not working. And that's, that's the essence of your question. So I am not aware with your cognitive stuff. There's no formal disability. Is there, like, you've not applied for SSI or something, have you? I have, but with everything that's going on it, they say it's probably gonna take a year or two years before everything might check out. Okay. Well that's you're talking about the upheaval with the Trump administration?


No, this was even before. No, it doesn't take two years to get SSI approved. Okay. Unless, unless there's, I mean, do you have medic, I mean, you, you have good doctor's opinions and so forth to submit, to prove disability, correct? Yes, I do. Okay. There's just a a, a long waiting period I was Told. Yeah. And you, there's no disability insurance anywhere in the whole mix of this discussion, right? No. I have to pay for my insurance. Yeah. Okay. All Right. I didn't think so, but I'm just, I'm just fishing here. Okay. Yeah. So what I, what what I want you to, I want you to go to Ramsey Solutions. I want you to check out the smart investor pros. And these are investment advisors that we have vetted.


They have to have the heart of a teacher or they don't become one of the people that we put in the smart investor program. Okay. They don't work for me. Okay. And they don't work for you unless they teach you something Yeah. And advise you rather than direct you. Yeah. We, I just had our meeting. My husband and I meet with ours once a year, and we just had ours yesterday. And I'll tell you, a great financial planner or you know, someone walking beside you, an investment professional, their job is to help you live the way you wanna live, Amy. So, and how to do it responsibly. And they, and they should have a basic knowledge, if not a pretty comprehensive knowledge on taxes as well. Like they're gonna see a holistic view of your life.


And so a good, you know, someone that's on your side is gonna hear you where you're, you're not very risk averse. You know, you're kind of like, yeah, I wanna, I wanna live and jump outta airplanes and like do it all. I don't wanna die with that. I need to get, I need to get you to 59 and a half with the laws that I understand. 'cause that gets us past the 10% hit all Of that. Yes. But you are going to get taxes on whatever you pull out. Income tax. There's no avoiding that. No, but I'm just saying if good financial planner is gonna look at all of that, know the ins and outs of it, they're gonna be able to run a proforma and be able to say, okay, here's this, this, and this and this throughout the years. I mean, you're gonna be, you're gonna get a detailed plan with this person and that's what you need. So right now you don't, right? I mean, it's a little bit kind of all of the Hair.


If you had, if you had a gross income of $130,000 a year minus taxes, you could, you live on that and do your dream Minus taxes? Taxes? That would put me income. Income. 22% Income. No, you put you down about 80,000, 75, 80,000 take home pay. It Would be tight, but yes, Probably not in New York City. So yeah, probably not, probably not. Probably visiting New York City but not living there. Okay. But see that, that's, that's once you get to 59 and a half. 'cause if you can produce 10% on 1.2 in good mutual funds, which I know you can do, then that's $120,000 a year.


Okay. Minus taxes and it is taxable. There's no, you're not gonna get away from that. This is a taxable event. And then if you said also, okay, I'm gonna plan out, I'm 55, I'm gonna plan to be broke at 90. Okay. And so I'm gonna, I'm gonna let, I'm gonna set up a 120,000 minus taxes plus a burn rate to hit me at zero at 90. Then, you know, there's a formula that you can put in a calculator and do that. But you, it sounds like, I don't know what this money's invested in, but if it's producing north of 10%, you know, you should be able, without even touching the nest egg to bring that 10% out every year.


You follow me? Yes. And that, that's the kind of thing I wanna start looking at. And then I've got a, then I've got a 10% penalty from 50 to five to 59 and a half, and I've got my tax rate, and that's going to erode this NIST egg a little bit at a time. But I think you've been spending 200 a year, right? That's correct. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And, and you're, you're right. You can't, I, I was guessing, but you can't, you, you're right. You can't do that mathematically. 'cause you're gonna end up on Alpo at some point in the story. Rice and beans. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.


Well, no dog food is what I was talking about. But yeah, the, So we don't wanna do that. We don't wanna do that. So yeah, let's don't Wanna do that. I I do think you've got a doable situation because what happened, it sounds to me like is, you know, you went through this divorce and you've got these cognitive things that you're dealing with, and you said, All Right, I'm doing the bucket list, screw it. And you kind of got some of that in the last 18, 24 months in the rear view mirror. And now you're kind of going, okay, now I gotta get real about this. Did I understand? Is that, is that what happened? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yeah. I think, I think you're ready to sit down with somebody and not end up with 1.2 million when you die.


But also if you know, let's use, let's use some of it and hit the bucket list. But let's not, let's not have the, the burn rate as you said, I think. And If you can jump on that disability too and get some income coming in, if you can Get that SS through helpful and maybe, maybe a smart Mr. Pro can help you run that SSI through, if you happen to run into somebody who's got a little bit of knowledge on that, that's helpful. So anyway, hit, hit the Ramsey Solutions website, find somebody to sit down with that's got the heart of a teacher to help you. As Rachel said, live your proposed life, not theirs. This is The Ramsey


Show. Listen guys, I've heard just about every excuse for why folks think they can't get ahead with money. So let's go ahead and settle this right now. You get the final say on what happens with your money. That's why you have to start telling your money where to go. So you can stop wondering where it went. So if you're gonna start winning with money, you have to get on a budget. The easiest way to get started and stick to it is with the EveryDollar budget app. It'll help you make a plan for every single dollar coming in and every single dollar going out every single month. And guess what? It's free. So no excuses. Download EveryDollar in the app store or Google Play today


in the lobby of Ramsey Solutions on the debt free stage. Phillip and Heidi are with us. Hey, Phillip and Heidi, how are you? Hi. Good. Doing terrific. Welcome. Where do you guys live? Indianapolis. All Right. Very fun. Welcome to Nashville. Thank you. And how much debt have you two paid off? $300,000. Whoa. A little change. There you go. How long did it take to pay off? $300,000 Long. Six years? Yeah. Wow. And your range of income during that time? We started at right around a hundred thousand dollars. And then we had the numbers there for 23, and it was like two 19 at the end of 23.


And then I finally did the taxes last week. We made it over two 50. All Right. Wow. What do y'all do for a living? I'm a physician assistant. I'm a nurse practitioner. Ah, okay. Couple of medical folks. I was gonna say 300,000 might be a mortgage, but it could be student loans. It's exactly student loans that all Student loans. Yeah. Wow. You had a mortgage worth of student loans? We've Had a mortgage. Wow. Yeah. More in student loans than we do on the house. Yeah, I know. Very much. Yeah. Wow. But you're out. We're out. You're done. We're Done. Done. And you're making, and now you're making a quarter million a year between the two of you, so, hello. Okay, that's great. That's a good thing. Wow. Congratulations. All Right. What started this whole journey? Tell us about six years ago.


So six years ago, we actually went through Financial Peace University with one of our older churches. And then we moved to the Indianapolis area and got involved with our church now and decided that after Phil was done with school, that we were just gonna pay it off and just get it done and be rid of it. And through lots and lots of hard work, we started with the envelope system and then went to the EveryDollar app. Yeah. So we just in little bit by little bit and we got it done. Well, congratulations. That's a lot. A lot. It's amazing. Yeah. I mean this is like a lot of money. Yeah. Wow. I mean, when you sat down and looked at that and you went 300,000 in student loan debt, you had to have an Oh crap moment.


Yes. We started off with little thermometers that we made. 'cause you know, I was raised by two teachers, so I, I need very visual aid kind of person. And So we started having these thermometers of like coloring it and after six pages of thermometers we stopped that. It was a little, it was a little overwhelming. So much, so much going on. Oh man. Okay. So during this time, because six years, I mean, that's a marathon, right? Yeah. I mean we, you know, two years is usually kinda average with consumer debt. So people that do mostly student loans, we see Right. That it's kind of the long game. Right. So what was the hardest part in six years? Because I know you guys are, were probably tired. I mean, I know you probably hit a wall at certain points thinking, oh my gosh, we're still in this. I feel like we hit two walls.


Yeah, we have two kids. Yeah. Oh, So we hit two walls. We had two wall tickets. So Thing one and thing two Thing one and thing two. Exactly. And you know, it, it was funny, like our oldest is six, surprisingly we started hanging off. It's like, oh, hey, we're pregnant. Yeah. Our oldest is six and our youngest is three. And both of them started out lives with a little bit of medical debt. You know, just, they're great now. Everything's wonderful. But, you know, keeping tithing, keeping everything saving, but also paying off debt as fast as we could, making sure they were okay. Those, those were some hard times of making sure that we stayed within budget, but still were able to connect with the boys, but also connect each other and pay off debt as fast as we could, was a huge priority.


So the two walls were amazing. We love the walls, but we're, we love 'em. But they came, they came, they came In strong. Yes. Yeah, I mean, that's a big deal though, for real. I mean, like anyone that has a baby, like, you're like, it's a, it's a life changing event. Absolutely. Let alone two happening during a process like this. So kudos to you guys. Thanks. That's great. So great. So which of the six years did you make the most progress? The most progress, probably the single biggest year was last year in 24. Just 'cause the income went up, Income went up and there was some changes with some pay time off with work and all that, that they ended up cashing out both of ours.


So we had like two extra months worth of income just come in. Oh God. PTO. And they switched over to a different plan. So didn't lose out on any available time off for us. So that was a big one. 'cause yeah, our final payment was like $46,000 in change that we just did all at once. That was a really rough two weeks of just like, no one can get sick, no one can get injured. Everyone has to be very cool for these two weeks until we get paid. Hold your breath. Hold your breath. Seriously. Hold your breath. Here we go. Yeah, I got the, I I I definitely see the math part of that. I'm wondering, and was your intensity up? 'cause you could see the finish line. Yes, Absolutely.


Yeah. I mean we, we were saying for the last couple years, this is finally gonna be the year, but there was something different coming in 24 like this, this is finally gonna be time for this to happen. So, and I knew I was gonna have to cash out some PTO to make that goal by the end of 24, but I didn't know if it was gonna take all of my PTO and all of hers at the same time. But ended up being that with the workings of everything else with work, that if I had done it earlier in the year, it wouldn't have worked out. We had to wait on them to make the changes that we weren't in the place for them to even make those changes. So God really worked it out for us Yeah. To make this come together at the end. 'cause when it all came in to the checking account, it was less than $200 that was in the checking account more than what we had left to pay.


It was a total God thing. Yeah. And we're done. We can Be done tonight, but then we have $200 for the next two weeks. Everybody. Yeah. And Merry Christmas. Literally Hold, holds her brush. And Merry Christmas by the way. Thing one and thing two, we're outta that. Yeah. Wow. Oh, congrat guys. Congratulations you guys. Thank you. So there's a, a 24-year-old couple listening right now, or a 26-year-old couple listening and they just looked up and saw they've got $300,000 in debt. Talk to them, tell 'em if it can be done and what they should do. It can always be done. So I mean, what, what can't be done?


I think the other thing to remember is, you know, you the, the phrase live like no one else. You can live like no one else. And knowing that this is temporary, you know, $300,000 is overwhelming when you look at it on six different paperworks of thermometers. But that little bit by little bit, keeping each one that's slowly paid off, slowly paid off it, it really does build that momentum of, oh, we're so close and, and you know, like, it sounds silly, but even going under a hundred thousand, we're like, oh, we're under a hundred thousand. That's, we're so close. It's not silly at all. Almost like, you know, a half marathon or when they're like, well 10, you're almost done. You're like, no I'm not. So we'll like that under that a hundred thousand mark was is definite a huge moment of Oh we can, oh we're so close.


We are so close. Yeah. So yeah, I think just knowing that building little momentums and having those little victories and we have such a great support system with our families and our friends and you know, just the ton of support was huge with us. So What was the hardest part? Probably just the length it took. Yeah. Just staying focused for that long. Yeah. Yeah. And just how little progress was being made early on. Yeah. Just knowing. No, just gotta keep with it. Keep going. Was it worth it? Absolutely. We, we laugh. We're like, we've been like out of the, my nervous phase for you know, like a month of, you know, not, you know, everyone can breathe again and our three-year-old can be absolutely feral again and break any bone he wants.


But you know, it's, it's one of those things where, you know it, someone asked like, what are you gonna do now? And it's like, breathe. We're just gonna breathe for a minute. Knowing, really deep knowing that we really deep can be done and start dreaming fun things again. So yeah. And then now looking at our mortgage, it's like, oh yeah, we can do that. Because it was less loans. It's crazy. That's crazy. Look At that little thing. Look at that little mortgage. Yeah, that's great. It's all about perspective. That's awesome. Absolutely. Yeah. Well done you guys. Very well. You Thank job you guys very proud of it. Thank you's a lot. That's of it. That's a lot. And you did it. Thank You. Amazing. Phenomenal. Good stuff. You changed your family tree. We did. Absolutely. You changed yourselves in the process. The work that God did inside of you while you were doing this it pretty incredible.


Absolutely. Yeah. You're different people than you were six years ago. That is Definitely true. Yeah. Are the boys here? They are not. No they're not. They would be running around the studio probably hitting every corner that they could find. So especially our 3-year-old, It's gonna be a peaceful, a peaceful debt-free screen for you're not having to juggle at All. It is funny, our 6-year-old will say, you know, like, do we have, do we have the, do we have, we call it the fun money. You know, like do we have the fun money this month to be able to do this? 'cause we would still do little things but yeah, he would be like, do we have the fun money this month? It's like maybe next Month. That's right. Oh, so great. You guys love it. Congratulations. Ready to go you guys. Philip and Heidi, Indianapolis, Indiana. $300,000 in student loans in six years making wow.


A hundred to two 50. Count it down. Let's hear a debt-free scream. 1, 1, 2, 3. What debt? Oh yeah, baby. No feeling like freedom. Wow. This is The Ramsey Show.


It's the last call for our two night virtual event, Dave Ramsey's Investing Essentials. It's set for May 21 and 22. And you do not wanna miss this. I'll unpack my personal playbook on investing and real estate and show you how you can feel confident in your investments too. Tickets are 1 99, snag a VIP ticket and you'll get two sessions with a RAMSEY preferred coach. You can join from anywhere. Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash events and get your ticket today.


Running a business is hard. If you've ever known someone that runs a business, you've ever run a business, you know that to be a fact. Running a business is hard. I've done it for almost 40 years. We grew RAMSEY from a card table in my living room to where it is today. And guys, it's doable. We also coached about 10,000 small businesses over the last decade or so and continue to coach small businesses and entree leadership all the time. Some days the challenges pile up, but we have put in place a system now where we know the five stages of business and the six drivers that drive a business through the five stages. Those two things working together essentially become the baby steps for small businesses. It's very well done and it works. A system that we're teaching works. I just wrote a new book called Build a Business you love. Where I am teaching the system, the five stages of business, mastering them and the six drivers. The book comes out in April and it is on presale right now for 29 99. And you get over $350 in free bonus items if you sign up now early, including instant access to our hiring and firing playbook from entree leadership. Really good stuff. Early access to the ebook and the enhanced audiobook. The audiobook on this thing is absolutely killer. It's wonderful. So check it all out at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Build a business you love. If you're not in business but you know someone that is or wants to be, pick this up for them. They will be happy. You did.


Georgia is in Birmingham, Alabama. Hi Georgia, how are you? Hi, I am good. How are y'all? Better than we deserve. What's up in your world? Well, I was actually calling because my husband is very obsessed with you in a good way and big on living like no one else. So later we can live like no one else. I've always admired and appreciated the dedication, but lately it's kind of taken an extreme turn and seems to be taking a toll on his mental health and quite honestly, mine as well lately. So my question is, how do you suggest finding a balance between financial responsibility and unhealthy fixation?


Well, we need Dr. John Delony. I think, I don't think I'm qualified for this. I don't know. I mean, what in the world, what are you, what, what, how do, how is his mental health slipping? Because he's in extremely focused on a goal that usually it has the opposite effect of not mental health problems. I understand. Exactly. So it just seems to be the only thing that he can really think about and it seems like he sees that we're in, in his mind he thinks that our financial situation is like way worse or we're not where we should be in life right now. Even though, in my opinion, I think that we're, you know, in a good place.


Okay. How, how long have y'all been working on this? Probably recently, like the last two or three years. So for three years he's been super intense, Pretty intense. And what about you? She's tired. Yeah. It has really been like, I don't wanna seem like I'm like ungrateful for his dedication and all the effort that he puts into it, but it starts to kind of make me feel like, should I be worried even though I, I I don't feel like we should be. Okay, so the two of you sit down and do a budget following our stuff, right?


Yes, we are on the EveryDollar budget. Okay. So when you guys sit down and do that, there's, it's not a hopeful, yay rah, we're making progress. Instead it's a doom scroll. It's more of like, we should be doing more. He feels like he's not doing enough. What, what? Gimme an example. What he feels like. I mean like you're, you're like, you're, are you guys working your way outta debt? You're like, I I want to buy some food. And he's like, no, you can't have food. Well, not, not to that extreme, but like if we do want to go out to dinner, it is still like, oh, we gotta tighten up. We, we don't have any car payments.


We don't have any credit card debt, we don't have any student loans. We've got over a hundred thousand in retirement. What, what is it? What is it you're, wait a minute, lemme start. Do you, do you know what baby step you're on? I do not. Okay, so you're really not plugged into all this stuff. You're just watching him do it. It's, yeah, it's gotten to the point where it's like I kind of dread talking about it because Are y'all are y all outta debt except your house? Yes. Do you have an emergency fund of three to six months of expenses? We do. Okay then that puts you on baby steps what we call four, five and six. Which means you should move from, we teach that you, and if he listens this intently, he should know this, that you should move from intents to intentionality in baby steps four, five and six.


Four is we're putting 15% of our income away for retirement. Five is we're addressing kids college and six is if we have any other money after we live our life, then we put that towards the mortgage. 'cause we wanna get the mortgage paid off in the next five to 10 years. And that is not intense. We teach and live like no one else. Don't go out to eat, don't go on vacation in the first three baby steps and you're pa that's getting outta debt and having an emergency fund, not counting the house and you're past that. You should have moved from not going out to eat to going out to eat in your budget with no guilt. Yes.


That's our teaching. Okay. So, okay, what we're saying is, is he, you guys got past the emergency stuff of getting out of debt in the emergency fund and he refuses to take his foot off the gas. Yes. Okay. And he is obsessing over every little thing and it's spinning him out is what it's doing. It really is. Yes. It's stressing him out more than giving him freedom. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Which is such an interesting, we talked about this on another show last week together, how money becomes an idol for so many people. And some people it's the chase of more, more, more nicer, nicer, nicer. But on the flip side, it becomes an idol in this case where you're so obsessed with it in a negative way that it's like literally eating into the quality of your life because it's all you're thinking about and that's not how it should be.


Yeah. There should be a lot more freedom. And so there's something in him Happen. Yeah. At the baby step happening that step that you're on, he's doing it wrong. If he's, if he's that obsessed with our show and with what Dave Ramsey and Rachel Cruz teaches, we don't teach what he's doing. We tell you to be intentional. I don't want you being wasteful in this, but it's not intense. Okay? The intensity is no going out to eat beans and rice, rice and beans, no vacation till you get yourself out of debt and except the house baby. Step two and finish your emergency fund. You told me you've done that, right? Correct. Okay. So now we're just saving for retirement kids college and we're working to get the house paid off.


And that is intentional. That's the stage. You move up in car with cash. That's the stage. You buy a new couch if you need one with cash, that's the stage. You go on a decent vacation with cash. That's the stage that you go out to eat in your EveryDollar budget. All of those things should be in your EveryDollar budget and there should be room for them. What, what's your household income? Georgia? Around one 50. Yeah. Together, combined. Yeah. So you make plenty of money to, to become millionaires and to change your life, change your family tree and do the things I just said in that last series of sentences.


So I agree. I I Okay. So what we want you to reach for and him too. Him is what, what I'm, who I'm talking to I guess is financial peace. There's no peace in this discussion. It's that as Delony says, let your shoulders drop and exhale. And he's never done that yet, right? Yeah. And I mean he's, he's 25 so it yeah. If it's this intense here in this part of life, I can only imagine that it's, if we don't do something about it, it's just gonna get a lot more impact. Yeah. I, I, I think you guys need to sit down maybe with a good marriage counselor or maybe with your pastor.


'cause this is kind of a spiritual thing at this stage. It's an emotional and spiritual thing. You just kind of learn to enjoy the ride. Now you've done a great job and you need to enjoy the fruits of your labor. My guess is this is an intense dude period that he probably is this way about a lot of things. I don't, I don't know anybody like that, but, but it could happen. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey, you're still here. What are you doing? You do know that the rest of today's show is playing right now over on the Ramsey Network app. Right? All you gotta do to finish the episode is search Ramsey Network in the app store, Google Play store. Or just click the link in the show notes to download the app for free. Yep. You heard me right For free. Then right there on the home screen you can watch the rest of today's show. Bad A bing bad B. Alright, I'm getting outta here. Enjoy. We'll see you on the app.