
Brought to you by the EveryDollar app. Start budgeting for free today. This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight, eight two, five five two two five. His phone number to jump in America. We'd love to hear from you. Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Alongside the slightly anxious, but always Natalie attire. George Campbell. He's ready to go. Got a, I appreciate it. A freshly cleaned bomber jacket. Looks like you got that right out of the old dry cleaning plastic. I keep it crispy. It looks good.


It looks good. And we're ready to go. It's a new dawn, a new day. A new Pope Ken. A new pope is right. Anything is possible. Big news First American Pope. So if you have any kind of American pride combined with Catholic Pride, I guess it's a big day for you. It's a lot of crossover there. Lot of crossover. Maybe the Chicago Bears will finally be good in football. I don't know, but I digress. Great studio audience today. Full crowd and very excited. They're very, very affirming. We walked into the studio, they were already clapping. Instant applause for doing nothing. And we've done nothing yet. So, speaking of doing nothing, shall we do something, George? Let's do something. That's All Right. Crystal is on the line in St. Louis.


Crystal, How can we help? I am looking to get di guy's opinion on some real estate. My husband and I purchased last fall. It's our home. We purchased a home. It's on like three quarters of an acre. It's, it meets a lot of our boxes and stuff like that. But our inspector missed a lot of major electrical stuff. I missed a lot of major cosmetic things that needed to be fixed. But the big like question that I have is after we closed and started doing some renovations and projects on the house, we found out that the vacant land behind our house is, there is a developer attempting to get it rezoned to put 1100 apartments on.


So right now we're in a very like yikes, spread out. It's all I know. It's all like acre lots. Oh no. Everybody Oh no. Is spread out. And then they're gonna plop. It's about 50 or 60 acres behind us and they're gonna put 1100 apartments. So we are kind of on the fence. So we bought the house last fall for 360. We've already put about a $40,000 into it. It appraised for three 80. We could maybe sell it for anywhere right now between three 80 to 400. Do we go ahead and take advantage of that development and not being there yet and sell it and potentially have a loss?


Like we, I don't think we'd have to bring money to closing, but, Well, how long ago did you buy it? October. Yeah. So you're, you're gonna have a capital gains hit on that if there's any actual gains. And that's up for debate, correct? Yeah. Right. I Get outta there because the Market isn't as good as it was in October. Now I'm gonna give an emotional answer. George May come off the top ropes and, and hammer me on the financial part of this. But based on what I've heard, I'd want to get out there, get out of there quick as that I possibly could. Okay. I, that's kind of how I'm feeling about it. Yeah. I just don't, I mean you never would've bought that house had you known that all those apartments were coming in there, correct?


Oh heck no. Because they're very small apartments that are gonna be at a very reasonable slash low rent, which isn't going to attract high-end tenants. Yeah. Either. And they are gonna, we are gonna be sharing a property line. Oh, and eminent domains gonna come in and take like the third of my front yard because they're gonna have to widen the road. Well, that's my question. Are they paying you for this? No. Well, they'd have to do the imminent domain part, but like the rest of it, they own the land. They're just going through the motions of getting it rezoned right now. Which they've gotten like 80% of it rezoned and they're just waiting for this last little bit. Yeah.


Chances are this thing happens and the chances are the person who might buy your house knows that all of this is happening. So wouldn't that hurt your chances of selling for the price that you want? I don't know. Because I mean, we just bought it six months ago. They did not disclose it to us. I would be hard pressed that the people that sold us to us didn't know because they've been working on getting it going for six years. And like we got a notice in the mail a week after we bought it. Like, oh, by the way, oh wow, there's a rezoning meeting happening. How many houses are there in your predicament? You made it sound like there were several of other folks, several that, that are So how many, how many would be having how many houses?


I mean 10 other houses are in the exact same predicament as me. And that we share a property line. And Have you talked to all 10 of those people to say, Hey. Oh yes. And, and how do they feel about it? They hated, they said they have hired attorneys and there's two like major subdivisions that are gonna be impacted quite a bit. So there's probably 50 to a hundred houses in those subdivisions, but everybody is opposed to it. I've gone to our county meetings to have for the rezoning stuff and there's always a line of people to say against it. Okay, I see two things here. Number one, you have a right to be upset and want to get outta this. And the second part is, I don't think it's as bad as you think it's gonna, I don't think this is like end of the world.


The how the housing market's gonna crash in your neighborhood. No one's gonna buy. The prices are gonna jump down. I think everything's gonna be fine in the end. This is a part of really living in America. Yeah. This happens all the time. It's happening in my Neighborhood. I don't think it gets into the world. I don't think she said into the world, but I Don't think it's going to like tank her, her housing value. I don't Think she's worried about Are you worried about the housing value or are you worried about the, the, the type of people that are gonna be living in your backyard? Both. 'cause I do think, like, I think we paid more than we should have because we didn't know a lot of the stuff that was wrong that needed to be addressed. So we spent more money on the house than we had originally anticipated, which is normal.


But then we're thinking like if we do decide to Go to sell it in five years, we're gonna maybe be able to sell what we paid for, which isn't what you buy property for. You know, like that's supposed to be, And that's the part I don't know that we know the future of what the zip code values will be. The apartments very well could bring, you know, better economic times to your area. We just don't know the future. And so that's the part They definitely, they could, but I also don't want, like, I don't want riff rock going in and outta my yard. 'cause right now the biggest deal I've thing I've gotta deal with is raccoons, not teenagers running around. And, And again, I don't know, I don't know how close it's gonna be. I don't know what the boundary lines are gonna be like.


And so there's just a lot of question marks and right now it feels like it's all emotion. I would just want more facts because this is the biggest financial decision of your life and selling it will be the second biggest financial decision of your life. So I also don't want you to just impulsively jump out either. So I would, I would work with an agent and get some more facts on what's going on and what the timelines are. But are you guys in a good financial spot? Do you guys have any debt? Oh yes. No, No debt. Do you have a mortgage on the, on the house? Yes, we do have a mortgage on the house, but everything else is, we're paying cash for everything else. Okay, good. So again, if you took a loss on this, it's not gonna disrupt your financial life in your future.


Yeah, not you would just go well at all. We paid a stupid tax, we're gonna do a better job next time. I'm Doubling down on my answer. Ken's selling today. I No, I'm, I'm not, I'm not com I'm not saying panic. I never give advice like that. And I think what you said is good, but I'm gonna weigh in on this what I'm hearing. And I think if you can get out, I would get out. The other option I would be doing is I would be thinking about bringing the 10 people together. And again, I'm, I'm, I'm an operating with a map here. But if you're all in that same situation, I might, if you can't win in in against the zone, by the way, I hate to be a predictor of this, you're gonna lose the county administration.


They're always gonna go for affordable housing and all that and Money talks. So I'm just gonna tell you, I don't like your chances. So maybe you guys could come together, Go to the developer and go, would you like to give us a fair offer for our land? And you get to add more apartments. I'm always gonna be creative and try to get out with a win. Fight's a good fight. But if I don't wanna be there, that's what I would do. But I think George is right. Go get a whole lot more information. Don't completely make it on emotion. But I feel bad for you in this situation. That's tough.


I've been helping people get out of debt and change their lives for over 30 years. So I know change isn't always easy, but it's worth it. And here's change that's actually easy and worth it. Switching to Boost Mobile Boost gives you nationwide 5G coverage for reliable calls and streaming. And their plans start at just 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and data. With Boost Mobile, there's no junk fees, no contracts, and they offer a 30 day money back guarantee. Plus their customer service team is made up of real people, not robots. So switching is easy. So Go to Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY. That's Boost Mobile dot com slash RAMSEY.


All Right, let's Go to Aberdeen. Who's joining us in the Phoenix area? Aberdeen, can we help today? Hi, I just had a question about savings versus debt. I guess my husband and I have a decent amount of debt between credit cards, car loans, and I have some student loans and we also have almost close to $10,000 in our savings. We've actually paid off about $50,000 in debt in the last three years. And this is the first time in our married life we have a savings this big and my husband is reluctant to put a good chunk of that towards debt. Even though we've been following the RAMSEY plan as much as we can with this snowball method, he is nervous to go down to 1000 in our savings account.


Yeah, yeah. Very normal. Very normal. I mean, he's thinking provider and he's going, his boys worked so hard to get that chunk in there and that's just fear, George. Yeah, you've heard this a lot. Where'd You guys start with, with your savings? When we got married, we both didn't really have any savings and brought an okay amount of debt to the table. So our savings really started at zero and we've worked our butts off the last three years to pay down credit cards, personal loans. We went for a year just down to one vehicle. I guess the bigger question is, were you guys ever doing the RAMSEY plan straight up or did you veer off at some point where you went, we need more savings.


Where did that come into play? We, we were, we were following the RAMSEY plan the last about three years we've been working it. We've paid off three personal loans and I think we've paid off about two to three credit cards each, which had higher balances. And we, my husband switched jobs, got a nice bonus, was able to have some increased income for a few months and it was the first time that we had, in addition to paying our debt, some extra money to spare. So we just kind of started socking it away. Okay. Let me, so far, let tell you what, I'm here, we paid off higher balances first. Okay. That's not the debt snowball, not the RAMSEY plan.


No, we didn't extra money. We didn't off higher balances. They all had high balances, but we did start with the lowest one. Okay. I'm just trying to get it straight where you guys aligned in the first place on, hey, we're doing this RAMSEY plan, it's weird, it's a little bit scary, we're gonna have a thousand bucks and we're gonna tackle this debt. 'cause it sounds like at some point someone got a little comfortable, well I got a bonus, it might be nice to just stash that away instead of throwing it at the debt. Right. Yeah, I definitely think that's what happened. We kind of started with our two and $3,000 credit card balances and worked our way up. We do each still have two credit cards to pay off. And when my husband switched his jobs and we kind of had a little bit of, of extra income, it was the first time since we started working the RAMSEY plan that we had, I guess, I guess we made the choice to save that money versus put more of it towards the debt.


But it was the first time that we could pay more than just the minimum payment on our credit cards and sock away a couple extra. So you kind of got your head above water and said, man, it'd be nice to have a little bit in savings. And I love that you said we, so you acknowledged this is not him versus you. This is something that we decided together. And so it might be time to have another conversation go, Hey, I know we decided to do this. Don't make it an accusation, just say, but I want to get realigned on the unity of this plan. And I really, I'm thinking we should take the savings, the majority of it, and throw it at the debt and here's why. And paint that future of, hey, we're gonna get, gonna get there faster. It's gonna light a new fire under us to get out of debt to get back to savings.


Do you see this kind of picture you need to start painting for him? I do. I absolutely do. We actually, we were at the money and relationships tour on Tuesday night or Monday night in Phoenix. Oh wow. Two days ago. I, I'm Very two days ago. Yeah. So, and I have always very much been the free spirit. My husband is the nerd. When we started this about three years ago, he would email me a calendar invite for a budget meeting and I would totally blow them off. And so, well has He Changed his mind? He got me on board. Has he changed his mind? He has not. He has not. Not at all. All Right. I want to, I Kind of got excited by savings. Okay. I want to, I wanna take a tack that I hope is gonna be helpful.


George is right. But if you just go have that conversation and you don't have any kind of specific vision and specifics for him to grab a hold of, it's gonna be very hard to overcome the psychology. Would you agree with that, George? Yeah. If he's the nerd, you gotta attack it with math instead Of motion. So that's what I wanna try do So we can work. So I'm, and what I think might help you. Okay, So we got 10,000 set aside. How, let's just walk through some numbers very quickly. How much total debt is left? We have roughly about 25 on credit cards in total. And then same with that in car loans.


Okay. And what's the next two cards? What's the next debt? The next smallest debt using the snowball method. What's next? Give us that exact number. My husband has, his next credit card will be paying off is about $800 and I have one that's about 2000 will be paying off. And then, okay, so it's eight. So it's 800, then 2000. Then what? Then we each have one that are sitting between four and 5,000. They're very close balance wise. So we're talking two of them. We'll just say 5,000 and 5,000. Yeah. Okay. Now I wanna stop right where we're at. Okay. Now what is the, what is the minimum payment on the $800 credit card? The smallest debt, I wanna say the minimum payment is like something crazy low.


Like maybe $50. That's probably right. Let's say 50. And then what about the $2,000 card? What's the minimum on that? The minimum on that is 85 and we pay about one 50 towards that one. Okay. And then what about the 5,000? Those ones we pay between one 50 and 1 75 on each month. Okay. And I could keep going down the list, but I'm, I'm only getting you started here. And George, where I'm taking this is if I add this up talking Almost 500 bucks, It's close to 500 bucks. Not quite, but close to it. Alright, here's the point you have to make to him. You gotta, 'cause what he's thinking is I take 9,000 out of that 10,000 and I put it towards debt, but I don't have hardly anything in savings.


And what happens if an emergency over a thousand dollars happens, this is where I'm gonna bring my colleague in because what you gotta share with him is, is yes, we are spending 9,000 but we are from a cashflow game saving ourselves $500 a month. And George, where I'm going with that is he's gotta be able to see that most garden variety emergencies, they're gonna be able to cover with the thousand. But if it's more than that, they can cash flow some things. Yeah. With a $500 a month bump. That's true. That's to me, and I'm coming at this from, if I was in that frame of mind, which I understand Stacey would have to, I'd have to have that to go Oh, okay.


Because yes, I'm spending a large chunk, but I'm also freeing up and that would allow us to weather just about any emergency from cash flowing. Is that Yeah, That's push back on that, that tracks and if his, if his thing, I don't know what the fear is. Is it security? I don't know how you'd feel secure paying credit card companies all this money every single month knowing that you owe them still 25,000 and you guys have been at this for three years already, right? Yeah, we have, have you Asked him, are you exhausted? Do you want this to go another? I know he is based on your math, you got another three years to go. I Know. Can I tell you? Yeah. That Straight up our target was six, Your plan sucks if it takes six years to pay off debt, But George, what would you can do better dude.


Don't you think you would Agree you guys can do better? Yes, I absolutely agree. We absolutely can do that. So the nine grand we have in the past, That changes the timeline is what we're saying. It Changes your, your momentum, it changes your hope that you're actually gonna see some light at the end of this tunnel. What's your household income? My husband makes about 75,000 a year. He's working, he has a steady job during the week and then he has a a Saturday job as well. Okay. And are you working outside the home? I am not. I'm a stay at home mom right now. We have a 2-year-old little girl. I kind of, I've worked a lot of freelance marketing in the past for myself. So on occasion I pick up jobs here and there when companies I've worked with, you know, wanna hire me again.


But it's usually just like a small contract of work. Lemme challenge you. Let me say to you what your husband's probably afraid to say. You need to be working in the home. Okay. With a 2-year-old, you've got too much experience and I wouldn't just allow yourself to fall into the kind of rhythm you've fallen into before where it's a small thing here. There you actually have some transferable skills and I wonder what kind of freelance work you could do to where you brought in an additional two grand a month. Dig into that. Yeah. What would it, what would have to be true for you to use your skill and experience to make that? And now we're really speeding up the timeline, but you gotta do this. Yeah, Absolutely. And you can do it with one two yearold around the house. There's a lot you can do. Yeah. And show him the math and go listen.


I think we can be debt free within a year, maybe 18 months instead of another three. If we do this plan as it's laid out, By the way, no tweaks. I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a bold statement. If you come to him and tell him you're gonna start looking to work to make two grand a month or more, he'll be okay letting go of that 9,000.


You know, one of the first things I discovered working in the financial world is how absolutely devastating it is when the breadwinner of a family dies and there's too little life insurance or none at all. Grieving families are suddenly left behind scrambling to pay bills and trying to make ends meet. I also discovered that there are a lot of ripoffs in the life insurance world. Like that whole life crap posing as an investment opportunity. What you need is level term life insurance, usually 10 to 12 times your income, which is the smartest, most affordable way to protect your family. The key is finding an independent broker who represents a ton of companies and works for you, not for the insurance company. This is exactly what my friend Jeff Xander and his team at Xander Insurance are all about. They shop the term life companies to find you the best options and they've been around for over 95 years. So you know they'll be there when you need them. Xandr is the real deal and that's why they've handled all my personal insurance for over 25 years. I trust them. And you can too. Visit zander.com for instant online quotes or for a more personal touch, give them a call at (800) 356-4282.


Folks. Buying or selling your house is a big deal and you don't wanna do that on your own. You need an expert in your corner making sure you're getting the best deal for the right price. And our RAMSEY trusted program is the only way to find that top agent that you can trust in your area. To make sure that the whole process goes well, find a local RAMSEY, trusted Real Estate pro for free at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent or click the link in the show notes if you're listening via podcast or on YouTube.


Janelle is up next in Raleigh. Janelle, How can we help? Hi. I just needed to get some advice. I did the ultimate, no-no, I bought a house with somebody I wasn't married to. I, after about a year of having a house, I needed to move out due to some circumstances when we broke up and now the house is gonna go into foreclosure and I'm just trying to figure out what are my options here, what to do. I've also accumulated about $25,000 in debt due to these circumstances and trying to figure out how I can get out of this $25,000 in debt.


To who? Credit cards, loans, Personal loans. Well, it wasn't a, well I guess you can call it a personal loan. It was water soften a bill for the house. That's the circumstances. That was, that's one of the loans that was, that's part of my debt now. Okay. But well, what happened? Are you on the mortgage? Yes, I'm on the mortgage. We're both on the mortgage. And you're both on the deed. And we're both on the deed. He's still in the house. I moved out. You Moved out and he decided to stop paying. Yes. But You, you've been paying Well yeah, we were paying before When I moved out he was paying and then now he decided to stop paying.


And he's already in foreclosure or It is in the process of getting there. It's, it's in the process of getting there. We're four months behind. We have been trying to sell the home but have been unsuccessful with that. Unsuccessful in that no one's even looking at it. Or you've had showings and they're giving you feedback that you can process. We had showings, but no real interest in the house. And it's a brand new house. Are you working with a, a real estate pro? Yes. And what is their logic for why nothing's moving here? Is it priced too high? It was. They feel like it's, well it was priced too high, but because there was a new community being built in the area that, that was kind of affecting us as well because they were able to bring their prices down, give lower interest rates and that sort of thing.


Have You lowered your price? Yes, as far as we can go. We're now in the process of asking the mortgage company for a short sale to see if that's even possible. Do they know that you have the place listed and you're trying to sell it before the foreclosure goes through? They do, yes. They do know. Okay. I mean, that's gonna be your best bet is just trying to sell this thing asap. Even if you lower, even if you have to lower the price instead of going through a short sale or a worse case, that foreclosure. But even if we, but even if we lower the price, the bank has to approve us going below what we owe on the, On that. Yes. Because you, what do you guys owe on the mortgage?


4 65. And when you moved out, he obviously could not pay that mortgage on his own. Was that the case? I, I'm assuming No. Yes. I don't know. He paid it for six months, so Okay. He was floating it and then could no longer float it. What's the communication like with your ex right now? We don't communicate unless it has something to do with the, the home. Oh my goodness. All Right. And just one more clarification question. You've been paying your half of it. Is that how you guys have been doing this, splitting the payments and you've been making your payments? No, No, I don't pay anything towards the mortgage. I, I moved out, I had to find another place to stay, so I'm paying where I have to live.


Okay, but your name is is on the, okay. You understand why it has that? Yes. Because You have a legal obligation. Are you, were legally obliged to pay that whether you've moved out or not, so, Wow. I don't see a way out of this. I don't either. Unless you guys can find a way to sell it before it forecloses and I don't know that you can or want to float the payments to help get out of this or have the ability to No, I don't have the ability to. What, what are you making right now? What's your income? About one 12. And where's all that money going? That's a good income to, To my expenses. What's your rent?


2,400. Okay. And what else? Because you're bringing home probably what, eight grand? No, probably about six. Okay. I mean, well after taxes, I guess you're saying after taxes. After taxes is about six. Okay. Are you doing any investing right now? Yes. I mean, I invest in, you know, my 401k and stuff like that. Yeah, we need to pause all of that. You need to act like everything is on fire and you need to work on getting out of this house mess and paying off your debt. Okay, so we're not saving, right? Do you have any savings? Yeah, I have a, I have some in savings. How much? I have about four in savings.


4,000. And what is, what's owed to get current on the mortgage? About 12,000. Okay. And he doesn't have anything saved? I would assume not. I can't say for sure. I, I would do some homework and find out where you're at in the foreclosure process and find out how much time you have to at least try to get current on payments so that you can get outta the foreclosure process and have time to then sell. Okay. And That might mean you both put some skin in the game and go, All Right, I'm gonna put in three grand a month and we're gonna get caught up on these payments, which means you need to get rid of all of the expenses in your life. Anything that isn't food, utility, shelter, transportation must go right now, including investing.


Okay. Well do you, well I have these credit cards that have like high interest rates. Do you suggest taking a loan from the 401k? No. And Paying it off? No more debt. Okay. If it has the word loan in it, if it has the word consolidation or relief or settlement, run far away. Your income is the solution here. You, which Means you need more income, you may need to get a second job, a third job for a short amount of time. You gotta get these house payments current so that again, to George's point, you have time to sell this house. You don't wanna go through foreclosure. Can He get a temporary roommate, a friend of his to live in the house too and pay rent to help get above water?


That's what I, I don't know. That's what I mean. Like I said, we don't have communication. I would suggest that, that that's what he do. You're gonna need to start communicating. You guys entered quite the partnership here to then just flee the coop. I get that you guys don't love each other and you don't like each other, but you need each other right now. And that really is awful. I get it. But you guys have got to partner up on this thing to get outta this deal. You're on the hook for $465,000. Yeah, I know, I know. And this could Wreck your financial life to Go to Foreclosure. I wish we could get him on the phone. I think RAMSEY show needs to Go to the next level and get this dude on the phone and we, we mediate this deal.


Two Of 'em. Oh my goodness. That would be, that could be a new new show. That's the show that people need to see. I'm telling you, we could help. You guys need to be adults and sit down and, and figure this out. There's no more blame, You know, I, I mean agree. There's No more blame here. There's no more You did this, you said this, this is, we're idiots because we did this and we've gotta figure this out. And then we learn and we lick our wounds and we move on from each other. But this is gonna make this breakup 10 x worse. Am I right George? Yeah. Play this out. Well there's just, you're, you're kind of stuck right now until you guys figure out the next move and there's sort of the A, B, C.


The best option is to sell it for the most you can get for it. And then you're probably gonna lose money on this deal, I assume. Yeah. No one's walking away with cash at the end of this. Exactly. We accepted that. I'm afraid that this guy, he's just mailed it in at this point. He's given up and he's just gonna let everything just burn down. Is he gainfully employed? As far as I know of, yes. How would she know? They don't Talk. I think you to, you know, you need never come to Jesus meeting and say, I gotta know everything about what's going on in your life and you're gonna know everything that's going on in my life until this is all over. But we need to make a game plan. Yes.


Okay. I'm so sorry Janelle. You can talk to a real estate attorney and dig into that, but that's gonna cost you too. But I really hope this doesn't end in foreclosure and you have an amazing income. Use that to your advantage to catch up and get out of this thing with as little damage as possible.


You guys, one of the best gifts that you can leave your family after you're gone isn't stuff it's peace. When something happens, your loved ones don't wanna be digging through drawers or guessing passwords to access your important information. That is why I love Nokbox. That's NOK as in next of Kin Box Nokbox is a super practical physical system that helps you organize all your important documents like accounts, passwords, assets, medical records, even your will in one safe place. And your Nokbox is divided into user-friendly categories to help you get organized. So you can give your family clarity, not clutter when they need it most. Go to Nokbox dot com slash RAMSEY and check it out.


Our question of the day is brought to you by why refi? If you have defaulted private student loans and nobody else is gonna work with you, we want you to try why refi? They're gonna help you explore refinancing options with a low fixed rate and a payment plan based on your ability to pay. Go to Y refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's the letter YREF y.com/ RAMSEY. It may not be available in all states.


Today's question comes from Stella in Maine. I'm on baby step seven and want to stay there, but I don't understand how to do it. I have future debt coming and I don't know how I can account for it in your plan. For example, I know I will need to buy a new car in the next three years. I also have home repairs that need dressing. How do I account for these upcoming expenditures? Love that We need to bring back expenditures. What a great word. It's A great word. And I just have to do this, Stella. There we go. Thank you for that Reference. I don't understand. Thank you. Yeah, I don't understand. I have future debt coming. She's in baby step seven and it's, it is though. She's forgotten about baby Step three. Maybe we got, if there are some emergencies, I might be okay, but I'm in baby step seven.


I should be able to save all the money necessary for that. George, I'm a little flummoxed. Agreed. Speaking of words, Pre-deciding that you're gonna have debt is a great way to go into debt. So I would just decide, I'm not gonna go into debt for any of this. Nobody needs to buy a brand new car in the next three years. Yeah, you can buy a used car and you can pay cash. And the way to do all of this to home repairs that need addressing, you know these are coming up. So what you do is you set up a sinking fund for each of these. So a upgrade in CAR S sinking fund, we're gonna put 500 bucks a month away in the budget in the bank account so that we have six grand per year going toward this new car fund. Then for the home repairs another 500 bucks because we know we have these upcoming repairs.


Try to calculate as best you can when it's gonna happen and how much you're gonna need. And then divide it out and set that amount aside in your bank account within your EveryDollar budget in a sinking fund. So that's the solution. Neither of these are even emergencies. I, if she's in baby step seven, truthfully that means she has no debt whatsoever, no mortgage. The house is paid for and she has a fully funded emergency fund of three to six months of expenses. So the question I have future debt coming is, is the wrong statement. How do you account for these, the sinking fund in the budget? You cash flow everything and if you can't, that means you can't afford that car or we can't afford to do that home repair with that person right now.


Do what needs to be done at the speed of cash and that's the only way to do baby step seven or any of the baby steps for that matter. Yeah. Thank you for the question, Stella. All Right. Jamie's up in Pensacola, Florida. Jamie, How can we help? Hey y'all, how y'all doing today? Good, How are you? I'm good. I had a question. Me and my wife is currently in baby step two. We have about $30,000 worth of a credit card debt. And I currently have a truck that is worth about $39,000, but I'm $10,000 upside down on it. I didn't know if it would be wise to pause the baby steps and just try to pay the 10,000 negative off and get rid of the truck and then resume the baby studs.


Do you have a thousand dollars right now? I, well I, so funny story. So we had just started, I had a thousand dollars and then, and then my truck broke and it was, it was the auxiliary battery and the transmission cable. So that cost $1,100. So now I'm back to, to they sub one. Ouch man. Yeah, that's real life. Well I like that you're trying to get rid of the truck. You said you're 10,000 underwater on it. Nothing. So you owe Yeah, you owe 49. I owe 39. And then whenever I was Kelly blue booking it, it said that that it's worth about about 28 or so, like selling it, you know?


Is that a private party By myself? Yeah. Yeah. That's a private party. Like the trade-in was like 22 or something. I was like, oh. Which you know, like, or what? That I originally rolled like six. Oh, you rolled negative equity into it? Well, yeah, so I had, I had a bad truck and I rolled 6,000 negative into it originally. And then I bought the truck new a couple years ago. That explains it. Okay. I, I see where you're going now. So you're saying you wanna do minimum payments on the credit cards to try to stack up another 10 grand to be able to sell the truck and clear the title? Right. So like when I calculated, so I'm able to work overtime and then my wife as a nurse, she can work overtime, but I was also sparking on the side to make extra money like that.


What Was that? What were you doing on the side? Sparking? Yes sir. The Walmart delivery grocery service. Oh, okay. So Ken and I aren't too lingo just learned What sparking was. I thought it had something to do with dancing, but I didn't know. I let my line run wild there, Lord. Okay. Yeah. So I've been doing that on the side. So I mean, so I should, I should be able to pay the 10,000 off I would think in three to four months. What is your next smallest balance? We have a couple cards that are like a thousand dollars and then like 1500. So I mean like we do have some smaller cards, but, you know, I just didn't know if it would like speed up the process.


'cause you know, like the Jeep costs a lot in gas too, so I mean that's probably like 400 a month in gas plus, plus like an $800 payment. Could you go down to your local credit union and get a $10,000 loan for the difference and then sell it? I, I tried that and then they, and then they denied me and then I had, I had some equity in the house. I didn't know, you know, no. If I needed to like if I, you know, something Do not do about That, but I was like, you know, I don't think I should do that. No, we're not gonna go. But the, the idea with the credit union loan is to just lessen the debt, not just move it around. And so I don't want you to rob from your home equity in order to do this. So if they won't give you a loan to the credit union because of your credit?


Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. Whew. That's a tough one. How quickly could you save up the 10 grand if you guys worked your butts off? Are we talking like two months? I'd say, I'd say three to four months. Hmm. I mean, if we, like, if we got after it three months, What's your household income? That would be, we make about 130,000 a year combined, like me and my wife. Amazing. Okay. And you want to get rid of the truck? Oh, yes sir. I want, I mean, I've been wanting to get rid of it. I've just felt stuck in it though because all the negative, you know. Yeah, Well the damage is done. You already have the negative equity, so I don't know that it's going to do that much for you to delay making payments on the credit card to save up the 10 grand.


I'm wondering if you guys just bust through all of this. Okay. How quickly could you pay off the 30 grand in credit card debt? I mean, Six months. I was trying to, yeah, I mean possibly. I mean, like, well we are in, we are in the second month of our budget, so I'm like, we're still trying to get the kinks worked out, but I mean, we typically only have like 900 a month left over. But that's, you know, like that's without me counting, you know, like delivering groceries on the side. And then my wife hadn't worked much overtime lately. 'cause Yeah, What's the payment on that truck? She was pregnant. 800 a month. Dang. And what's all your credit card? Yeah, minimum payments combined.


It's, it was a lot like a thousand or, or maybe a little more, maybe like 1200. What do you do for a living? So I, I do, so I work out at Navy Federal on the, on the grounds facility, like doing all the landscaping and stuff. And then my wife's a, a nurse. Okay. The reason I'm asking that is I don't, I, I just learned what sparking was and obviously I was confused about what it might be and I, I just, I just don't know if that's the best use of your time. You know, I don't know what you're making now. I I used to kind of grass on the side and all that stuff, but then I ended up getting rid of my equipment well, so that kind of took that out Well, but you keep coming up with all these reasons, limitations.


I just hear it in your voice. You don't have to go buy equipment to do this, but where can you pick up some extra hours doing landscaping for somebody? 'cause they can't get somebody else to show up, but you go, I can I'm your huckleberry. I, I work Yeah. Mean I Could. Let's go. Yeah. I mean, I could probably do like a flower beds and stuff like that, you know, like, that didn't involve My point is, can you do to make more money for your time than driving groceries? George, you've done this, right? It's not a lot of i a Margin, what was it in December? I was doing Instacart shopping. Yeah. I wanted to see what it was like. But there's not a lot of margin in this. No. For your time. No. What are people making on average per hour? I was Really hustling, trying to take advantage of all the little bonuses, and it turned out to be about 20 to 25 an hour.


Okay, well that's better than I thought. So that's If you're really going after it. Oh, okay. But the average person's probably not making that much More like 15 to 20. So not terrible. All Right. But it's a lot of, you know, you're, you're wear and tear. Is Instacart the same thing as sparking? It's similar. I think Walmart, that's just their version of it. I gotta give 'em credit. I feel like it's a really fun name. Yeah. You know, instead of I'm delivering groceries, I'm sparking. I think it's a conversational starter. You can Pause and save up and clear the equity, but you're gonna do the same thing if you clear the credit card debt and free up all those payments anyways. So it's up to you, man.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. More and more people are becoming aware of the need for mental and emotional health resources, but over a quarter of those people still say they avoid getting therapy due to the fear of judgment. I know because I've been there, I've sat with hurting people for years and a lot of folks are scared to take that next step. So listen, when people won't get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts everybody around them, their families, their workplaces, the entire community. The world is better when people are healthy and whole. So if you're thinking about trying therapy, contact my friends at BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy, so it's affordable and convenient for your schedule. They have a network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. And BetterHelp has over 10 years of experience matching people with the therapist that's just right for them. So to get started, just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the right fit, you can switch therapists at any time. It's easy and it doesn't cost any extra money. Listen good folks, we're all better with help. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/delony.


This is The Ramsey Show where America hangs out to have a conversation about their money, their profession, and their relationships. Triple eight eight two five five two two five is The phone number. Triple eight eight two five five two two five. George Kamel is alongside. I'm Ken Coleman and we're gonna talk to Jonathan right outta the gate here. Jonathan, How can we help today? Should I get a credit card? I've never had one. Wow. Where's this coming from? Well, I like that it gets right to the point. Yeah. No Setup. It was amazing. Boom. Here's my question. Should I get a credit card? George? What's savior? Let's be fun At parties. Yeah. Personal opinion.


No, the fact, the fact that you called this show to ask us, that tells me you knew we were gonna say that. Are We on TikTok right now, Jonathan? Oh, that's very funny. I did know you were gonna say that, but I was hoping to provide context. Okay. Just to get some insight. Okay. Gimme some context. Okay. I'm 29 Still. No, but go ahead. Okay. Well, my question is, how have you lived this long without a credit score? So I moved out with, into some friend's house after I came to Christ, and that was it. They just took my money and that was it. And then moved on to the next department with roommates. Same thing.


So what is the impetus for you now needing a credit card or a credit score? So I lost my job September 11th last year. I then started a business and between January, February to now, I've raised about $20,000 and it's going further. And What do you mean raised? Like I, so I sell services. I I'm a mechanic for specialty coffee equipment, so I've accrued that much in my business. That's what I mean by raised. Oh, like you've you've created revenue. It's not like investors. Oh, right, right, right. I'm sorry. Yeah. That that makes sense. Yeah. Got it. Okay. All Right. So you, you've got this coffee machine business going.


You made 20 grand so far. That's great. Yeah. And where's the credit come in? So I want to get a car and I'm also alone. Like I, I don't have any family to rely on for anything. And friends who own businesses and what have you are telling me to get a credit card. Should I want an apartment, a house, a car? What do you mean rely on? What are you needing other people for at this Point? Just like support in, in some sense. Like there's no reference. There is No like community or, or money. I would say There's a difference if you're like, Hey, I want some friends versus I need a loan from mom and dad.


Right. That's what I don't have. Like, there's no one coming to help me. Well, You don't need any help. You're 29 years old. You're a grown man. That's Fair. You've got Jonathan, You've done pretty well to this point. Sounds like to me. You're not calling us from underneath the bridge. Right? Right. So Your car situation, you're really asking, Hey, I need, I need a car and I need to get a loan to get a car, therefore I need credit. Yeah. And people have also just been telling me to, you know, do the debt system to build credit and I won't get far in life without It stuff. Yeah. Have you met people? People are idiots. People are broke up to their eyeballs, complaining, hoping the government's gonna come save the day. The, you're Not hanging around with the right people because these people don't have a lot of knowledge.


Let's just play this out one thing at a time. Can we just, can we destroy these myths that these people you keep referencing or giving you, if you need to get a car, you do realize you can pay cash for a car. You can buy it from somebody off of Facebook or Craigslist or, which Means you're not buying this. Or you can $30,000 brand new car. You're buying a 2014 whatever For six clients. By way, a dealer, a dealer will take a cashier's check as well. And that's cash. So if you have cash in the bank, you Go to your banker and you go, Hey, I'm getting ready to buy a $20,000 car. I need a cashier's check for $20,000. They're not gonna ask you for credit. So we, we don't need credit score. George bought a house without a credit score.


George, you need to blow his mind with this one. And I'm gonna, Jonathan, when we're done here, I'll send you a copy of my book, breaking free from Broke. I break down every objection and how to do all of these things. How to live without a credit score. How to rent What chapter is that apartment? It's chapter two. Chapter two I out of the gate. I had to with Jonathan. You could skip ahead to chapter two. Okay. You can get, I'll send you the audio book if you don't even wanna read it. It's fine. The point is, the information is there on how to do all of this stuff. The question is, are you willing to commit to a life of debt freedom? That's the most important part. Oh, sure. Yeah. I, I owe no debt in its most technical form. I owe a college, not a loan, but a semester when I dropped out. Other than that, I have no debt. I've never had a credit card.


Okay. Well you're not gonna need one now. Keep keep not having it. So how much do you Have in savings? Yeah, you'll need one. What was that question? How much do you have in savings? Savings personally is laughable, but my company has all my liquidity, which is about 20 grand. Isn't your company you? I'm sorry. Is it your Yeah, but I don't, I'm not, I'm not a sole proprietor. That's, IIII separated it. I'm an S corp. Okay. So the money is tied up in the business and you can't access it. It's not your money. I pay, I, I pay myself a salary. I tied a certain percentage. I saved a certain percentage. I opened a Vanguard, IRA. Okay. And, and then the rent and stuff like that. Well, You can pay yourself dividends so he can, he can get ahold of cash.


Yeah. So how much do you have in savings right now? Personally? Yes. Personally is about $700. Okay. And what are you making every month? Every month I make, so every four weeks of that would be seven 50 a week times four weeks, about 3000. So you're making 36,000 gross for the year if this continues? Yeah. That 39 technically. Yeah. How do you, how do you increase your income with this business? I've only been doing it a few months, so I guess I would have to make more, like as the business grows and I get more services, I can then I guess give myself a raise.


Yeah, but you don't need a car. Does it seem like to me, anytime soon? Yes and no. Living in the city, you can get by without it, but sometimes it does help to have, Yeah. But my friend, I, I get up to New York all the time, and I'm telling you, it Feels like a nightmare to own a car in New York City. Yeah. I, if I lived there, I would not own a car. I mean, you can get anywhere you need to get to. And so I, I just, let's put that on the back burner right now. You know, you're Gonna pay a thousand bucks a month for a parking spot. Yeah. If you're lucky. Yeah. And it's never convenient to get in your own car in New York City. Let's be honest, there's not no chance. Right? Yeah. It's a nightmare. Yeah. All Right. So we don't need a house right now, but that's on the list.


But again, George George's book will tell you how to do that. But he did it. Many people do it. You can do it. So What's your rent right now? If you're living in the city, thou 1005 zero thousand 50. Okay. Is that on your own? No, that's with other people. That's Smart. That's smart. Good. I was just making sure your rent wasn't like three grand a month, which is all of the money you're making. Right? I think the key here is to get your income up, because right now you don't have margin to do much of anything. Mm. You got 700, you got 700 bucks to your name. Right. And I don't think there's a lot of extra money every single month that you can throw toward savings for a car or savings for a business goal.


And so that's where the real, the real question becomes how do we get this business income up and how do you do this all debt free to just expand and grow this thing? How many Hours a week are you putting into this, fixing these coffee machines Between admin and I don't really count on the hours because I'm a, I'm a solo operation. I just, I generally just work every day except for like Sunday. Oh, okay. You're just tell me really quick how much, when you're physically turning the wrench and fixing the machine, how much, how many hours? Ooh, maybe 10 at this moment. Exactly. Maybe 10, 15. Exactly. The rest is admin stuff. Yeah. So my point is, is the first thing you can do is just start beating the street here and let's find some people who need their, the machines fixed. Let's add five, 10 more clients And get some recurring clients.


You Have more time on your hands than than, and so let's go get after it. Well, yeah, I'm, Yeah, well I'm doing the treadmill thing, right. So it's not exactly, you know, you, you Get my point. You need more money. You don't need more credit. Hang on the line. That's the deal. We'll send you a copy of breaking Free from Broke in Dave's book. Build a Business You Love. There we Go.


Hey guys, what's up? It's Jade Warshaw. And look, if there's anybody who knows about student loan debt, it's me. My husband and I had $280,000 of it, but we were able to dig ourselves out and you can too. If your student loan payment and interest rate are burying you, refinancing could be the solution. Now, I recommend contacting my friends at Laurel Road today through their online application. You can get an initial rate quote in less than five minutes, and if you have a more complex situation, you can schedule 30 minutes to talk to an actual human being. Thank goodness, Laurel Road makes it simple. There are no fees involved and you could save thousands over the life of your loan. Remember, you should only refinance if it makes sense in your situation. So if you're looking for a low rate or a shorter term so that you can pay off these student loans fast, talk to my friends at Laurel Road about their competitive interest rates and how you could actually get a lower rate by signing up for autopay. Listen, nobody's coming to save you from your student loan debt. If you want it gone, you can't mess around. Go to Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY To find out more about student loan refinancing. Again, that's Laurel Road dot com slash RAMSEY.


The money and relationships tour is halfway over and the energy in every room has been unreal. Each stop has been packed with real talk big laughs, and life changing moments. Now it's your turn. Come hang out with me and Dr. John Delony in a city near you for a night that could change your money, your relationships, and your future. This is your last chance to join us in Phoenix, Fort Worth, or Kansas City the week of May 5th. Grab your tickets today at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


All Right, let's Go to Joseph, who is in Knoxville, Tennessee. Joseph, How can we help? Yes, I have got a nephew that had agreed to take care of his parents when they retired and he's not honoring that obligation and he's asking other family members to chip in. And of course we're all older and retired and on fixed incomes and it's just becoming difficult for us to help. How do we get him to honor his obligation? Well, what does take care of mean? It sounds financial. Is it, is it more than that? Give us a little bit clearer picture as to what you're describing. When he, when you said he committed to take care of them, what does that mean?


That means he obligated himself to help them financially with expenses over their current income. And he was honoring that for a while. But now he's got himself in so much debt that he cannot honor that why. Okay. He Doesn't see that he's in debt. Okay. And why, why does his parent, why do his parents have more expenses than their income? They were in a situation where they had a daughter who had a separate from mental illness and through her mental illness she passed and ended up passing away.


And when she was alive, she had an income, which was Social security disability that covered most of their other expenses. But now that she's passed, that amount of money has fallen to my nephew who agreed to cover that. How much is that amount? That's around $1,200 a month. And he covered it for how long? You said He covered it for about a year and a half And now he's in deep trouble and he's calling everybody going, I'm, I'm in trouble. I need some help. Correct. Well, you're not even calling us.


We're, we're kind of pointing out to him that because other family members are chipping in to pay for property taxes or HOH fees and Oh, I see. HO fees and that sort of thing. His parents are kind of going, we need help. And they're, they're calling everybody else 'cause he's not doing it Because he's not doing it. Correct. How, how old are the parents? The parents are in their mid seventies. Okay. And how old is nephew? Nephew's in his early forties. And he's got a job in healthcare that he is been doing for 15 years. He makes a good income. I don't know exactly what he makes, but I Googled what his position is and Google told me what the average person in his position should make and he should have plenty of money if he was managing it Properly.


Weller. Everyone in America should have plenty of money if we manage it correctly. So I feel like correct, there, there is some truth in that. He said he would do this and now he's unable to. Right. I also think it's unfair to put this on this guy for the rest of his life. I I too to cover his parents' inability to cover their own future. And it Are they, are they invalids? Are they just unable to make good decisions for themselves? No, they're not. They're not able to make good decisions. No, no, no. They're not invalids. I answer. Here's my point. I and I, I apologize the way I ask this confusing, let, let me rephrase. My mom and dad are mid seventies right now and they have, they're retired, but they have income based on their retirement, social security and everything else.


And if they had a $1,200 a month shortfall, then that's on them. It's not on me and my brother to, to handle that and deal with that. Now would I sit down with them and, and lay out all their options? 'cause I think that's what has to happen. That's where I'm at. George. What has to happen is you and all other family members who are chipping in to bail them out need to stop chipping in. And we need to have a, a gathering in the living room and we're gonna talk it out because your son can't deal with it. And you guys have a problem. And we all have fixed incomes.


We can't keep doing this. But what we can do is sit down and get a whiteboard out or a, or a legal pad out, George, and start laying everything out and see what they have, what they can sell, what the changes they need to make. They're, they're not invalids, they're not 90. They have some options. And I think that's the conversation. None of you and the family are obligated to keep doing this And there's no legal obligation or moral obligation for any of you to cover their expenses. Nor is it your job to tell the nephew to sh to shape up. You know what I mean? And scold a 40-year-old grown man, it's not your job. Correct. Correct. I mean that, yeah.


So therefore, George and I don't have any advice on that. 'cause we wouldn't do that. So if we were in your shoes, what I would do is call a family meeting and go, listen guys, we all might have to chip in something. What can you chip in, if anything, to in order to float this for now? And what expenses can we cut? How can we get more income in their life? And that might mean parents have to go do some part-time work. Yeah, Yeah. Are they, are they healthy? The dad? They are. And the father does have a part-time job, so you know, that's What's he do. But yeah, that he's a tutor. Okay. So he's, he's healthy enough to tutor.


He is healthy enough to Go to Walmart and stand there and greet to everybody and put one of those little blue vests on and smile. You know, I could come up with 10 other things that he can do to come up for 40 hours a week. So based on George's scenario there, we'd be going, okay, now what can we make? And then if she's healthy enough to do something, guess what? They can, they can work the same shift. She's on the grocery side of Walmart and he's on the general side. I mean, I mean, we gotta do something and, and we just don't sit there and we're the victims and, and I understand they had a hard journey and losing a child under any circumstances is just awful. And the mental health stuff, I'm sure they're mentally and emotionally exhausted. And it sounds like Nephew had he dealt with this trauma too, Nephew's got it.


But at this point, oh, of course you all need to come around them and give them that hug that George is describing. But it's an accountable hug. It's, you guys are gonna be okay, we're gonna walk with you on this, but we're not gonna continue to fund this. That stops. Yes. You guys are actually enabling them out of a spirit of helpfulness. Right? Right. You're definitely right about that. Are They in, are they paying a mortgage right now? Is their home paid off the parents? No. It it is not. They, they do pay a mortgage. Okay. So here's a solution. We need to downsize into a place you can pay for in cash.


'cause that mortgage is, they can't afford it. Well actually the mortgage was given to them through another family member. How is that a gift? I don't understand. They can sell the house though. It's their house, right? It's, yeah, but they're paying the other family member back the, the mortgage. It and it's a, it's a small amount. So their name is not on the mortgage? Not that I'm aware of. Are they renting then? I'm confused. Is their name on the deed? Not that I'm aware of. Oh My goodness. Is this your brother? What's your relationship to this family you're telling us about?


What's your relationship to that? I'm a, I'm a brother-in-law. Ahuh. It's, it's my wife's, my wife's brother and his wife are the parents that we're talking about that are in financial straits, that their son is trying to help them. It sounds. Why are they paying property taxes on a house they don't even own? Yeah. There's a lot more questions here. I think This is a dysfunctional Walton's show. If you remember the Waltons Joseph? I remember the Walton. Yeah. We got Jimbo, Jim, Bob, and everybody's in the same, it's all two connected and family members giving 'em a house and then they're paying. It's just, doesn't it seem Yeah.


Like we got too many people trying to help and, and it's caused a, a real dysfunction. And and Yes. And and you see it 'cause you're not directly related. God bless you. You married into it. But there is so much enabling going on here and it's all weird. It needs to be untangled. Yeah. The parent's life has been artificially propped up for a long time. And it's time to untether, start to look at all the pieces and go, how can we make this sustainable for everyone and create healthy boundaries so that nobody's resentful. Correct. And the parents can stand on their own, even if that means downgrading their lifestyle substantially. That's what might need to happen to have a reality check.


So I'm sorry you're now involved with this 'cause it involves your wallet, but you might have to help assemble the family meeting, get everyone on a call or in person and go, we gotta figure this out. This is not working for anyone. Yeah. And I, I would say that your wife and any other siblings need to lead with this. You've already got too much of this on you. You know, time for Jim, Bob and John Boyd to all live on their own.


Hey, you guys. Health insurance costs are only moving one way and that way isn't down. And if higher costs aren't enough, the wait times to see your doctor are longer. And it's harder than ever to get anything approved through the bureaucracy. So if you feel like the system is working against you, try a biblically based alternative to health insurance. Christian Healthcare Ministries CHM is a health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families like yours take care of over $11 billion in medical bills since 1981. CHM has also helped them stay true to their values and avoid miles of red tape. And CHM support goes far beyond meeting financial needs. They also help meet spiritual needs members become part of a family who will pray with them and for them when they experience a medical event. So listen, y'all, there's a better way to take care of healthcare costs. CHM program start as low as $98 a month. So learn more today and join at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Listen, your home is your most expensive asset and now you're ready to sell fast and for a lot of money. But in this wackadoodle real estate market, one mistake could cost you tens of thousands of dollars. This ain't amateur hour. You need a pro in your corner. Someone who knows how to price your home right. Market it well and negotiate the best deal. That's where a RAMSEY trusted real estate agent comes in. To find one near you, Go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash agent.


All Right, we got Derek and Savannah joining us from the Columbus, Ohio area out on the debt free stage. Welcome. Thank you. How are we feeling out there right now? A little nervous. Of course. She's Not nervous. She's not nervous. Well, you look happy. Yes. And that tells you you guys are debt free. Is that right? Yes, that's right. All Right, let's get the facts. How much debt did you pay off? 422,000. Whoa. And how long? 72 months. Whoa. This is a journey. Yes. Does this include the house? It does. Oh, Was it all mortgage? Yep, all mortgage. Oh, this all was mortgage. Oh my Goodness. Goodness gracious. That Is weird. And we love, we Love that.


How So what was the range of income during that Time You go? So we started out at one 10 and then we bumped it to a little over 200. Okay. So how, I always love to ask how the bump happen or what, what did happen? Well, we are grocery department leaders. So during Covid V we just worked a ton over time. And then I also had a side hustle with boarding dogs. No kidding. Wow. Yep. And has that kept up? Oh yes. Okay. That's awesome. Now what does that mean? The way you said that? That means Christmas time. We have eight dogs and three kids, and we're just, we're just going, you Just like to be busy, don't hear. Yes. You don't know what peace and serenity feels like other than financial peace that we now know. Okay, gotcha.


Wow. So what happened 72 months ago for you guys to look at each other and go, All Right, we're gonna pay our house off? Well, in 2019 we actually separated. We were going through a really rough patch in our life and our marriage. So we, we separated and through all that, we came back together and we realized just how much we love each other. And we were able to go through a lot of counseling and work on a lot of things. And we decided that we're gonna build, Build A new life. This Yep. Go through this life together and we're gonna work really, really hard together and build a good marriage and build a good life. And one of the ways we decided to do that was we wanted to not owe anybody any money. So, yeah. Whoa. So this was much bigger than just paying off the house?


Oh yeah. This was a symbol of a newing chapter of unity. Beautiful. How long were you guys separated for? Probably six months or so. So, You know, I, you probably didn't plan to talk about that, but I'm, but I just, I just feel a sense right now that I need to just lean in on something. I know you can handle it, but I just feel like there's some people watching and listening that are either separated or thinking about it, and I just want them to hear some hope. Yep. And here's my question. In the six months, and you both can weigh in on this, what had to happen in you guys and between you guys to actually say, we're not gonna quit, we're gonna dive back in. I'm just curious. I think just realizing like what life truly is.


If you're, I mean, I was not financially secure on my own, and then you have these kids, it's just, it's it's terrifying. And then you left your person that you truly love. It's just all weighed in on my part. Yeah. But No, absolutely. And just thinking about the life that we could have together, if we actually got on board with the same thing, we got married really, really young. We were both, both high school sweethearts, so Oh, okay. So we, and we had kids really young. We thought we knew what we were doing and we had no, we had no idea. No, no, no idea what we doing, By the way. Nobody does. So nobody does. So we decided to have kids really young. And then just being able to look back at our life and be able to make the decisions that, I mean, we, we both loved each other very, very much so.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm so glad I, I'm so glad you fought. Yeah, that's really great. So what Role did money fights and money problems play in all of this? Where this was, was this like the beacon of like, if we're gonna get on back on board, we're gonna pay off the house and it's gonna be this new chapter financially? Not really. It was just a byproduct of it. Like, we got on board with so many other things and then we decided we wanted to like lay a foundation for how our life was gonna be gone. Was part of the marriage reset? It was All Right. For sure. Part of our money stuff. We're gonna get this mortgage knocked out. Yep. Absolutely. Wow. Absolutely. And you stuck with it. Six years is a long time to do anything. Yeah, Yeah. When you have three kids, it's like, you gotta figure this out and give them a straight path.


Yeah. So was it, was it pretty linear? Like we're just gonna make this extra payment every month? Or were there's, was there seasons? No, we just, we just, like Dave says, we just try to live intentionally and being able to live intentionally, we've been able to do just amazing things with our kids. We've been able to travel everywhere and make a bunch of good memories. And we just decided, like when we reset our marriage, we decided we were gonna decide what was important for us and the life that we wanted to live. And we both decided to focus more on like experiences. And the best way to do that was to be able to not owe anybody any money. So. Amazing How much, so what, but what George was asking there is is was this an X amount of money you put towards it every month over the 72 months? Or were there times where you guys, you had a big influx maybe and you put, you know, how extreme was it over the 72 months to pay off a $422,000 house condo?


Yeah. No, no, no. It wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't that extreme. It was just honestly just living intentionally consistent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just, just whatever money actually. So You still lived your life. Yeah. You still, you still went places and had absolute, had some great experiences. Absolutely. Yeah. We've been able to do amazing things with our kids. Good for you. And field memories that they'll be able to tell their kids about or truly trying to change our family tree. Yeah. Wow. So if I'm seeing this right, it's about 60,000 a year you averaged Yeah. Roughly. To put this, to put this away. And what was it like knowing your story now when you guys made the last payment on the house? Oh, take us back to that. Yeah. I remember I was sitting there just at the gym or something, and I remember looking around, I was like, wait, I don't know anybody any money.


I was like, it just, it is just a completely, completely surreal feelings. Yeah. And that's an unreal feeling for me. When I lost my child childhood home when I was younger, we never had, we were never financially secure. So knowing that and like, oh wow. Like, wow, I, this is my house. Yeah. And this is my, for my kids. It's, it's breathtaking. And we're seeing a picture here on YouTube. Oh. And I, just knowing what I know, I'm, I'm coming up on 27 years of marriage on Friday, and I just know having moved several times, you know, a house is a true nest for a woman, isn't it? Yes. Yes. And now this is really your nest. There's no bank name on this nest. Nope.


That's kind of awesome. How old are the kids? We have a 11-year-old, a 10-year-old, and then a 3-year-old. Oh, wow. Yep. Yep. Oh yeah. There they are. Good looking crew there. Yeah. That's incredible. So this home now represents new future family tree change safety. Yeah, absolutely. The security that you never had growing up. What, what's next for you guys? We just have a, we have a lot of travel plan and we're gonna keep building on making a bunch of good memories with our kids. And it's just very important for us to change our family trees. We set them up for their kids and so forth. Do The older kids understand what went down? Like are they in the know? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, ish. Yeah, a little bit. We, I mean, we've talked about the problems that we've had in the past.


We try to be open about it so they can learn from it and, you know. Yeah. Yep. We let them know, like our journey and we're trying to set the whole budget with the kids. 'cause they're kind of learning, so they make their own money. They have allowances every week. They actually help with the dog business. So hey, they buy their own things and they Know money comes from work. Yeah. And they see, they have seen mom and dad work really hard for sure. Yep. That's for sure. All Right. I want you to encourage couples out there that are listening and watching. What is in your mind the key to staying with this journey? Communication and then just, I'd say just building a partnership, a future that it motivates you and you want to, like, once you start building momentum and you start seeing a future that, and you make progress towards it, it's, it keeps you working hard, that's for sure.


Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I just love that story, George. Yeah. It's, it's, it's so fantastic. Who was your biggest supporters on the journey? Oh, No, He was mine. You guys are like a Hallmark card. Honestly. We, we were just, we didn't tell too many people about it. We just, we just relied on each other. And then, like I said, we had a future that we were both working towards. Just lowkey, what's the house worth? I about a little over 700. Wow. And what's in the nest egg in retirement accounts? Seven 50. We're looking at baby steps millionaires, baby steps Millionaires right there. Incredible. And how old are you, if you don't mind me Asking? I'm 32. I'm 34. This is mind blowing. Yeah. Hey, listen, that's exciting.


We're talking about crazy wealth that they're gonna be building really crazy wealth with the kiddos. I Love it. All Right. Really good stuff. All Right, you guys ready to go? Are the kiddos watching and listening? Don't be Watching. Tell me. I have to be cool. Yeah, we had to be cool. The cool. All Right, don't be cringe, mom. All Right. We got Derek and Savannah from the Columbus, Ohio area. They paid off $422,000. It was their house in 72 months, making a range of income from one 10 to 200,000. They are truly changing their family tree. What was once a separation is now a awesome, beautiful marriage. And we got to see it. Derek and Savannah, take it away.


Let's hear your debt free screen. 3, 2, 2, 1, 1. We're debt free. Yes, they are. And they were cool too. The kids won't be cringed over that at All. There's nothing cringe About debt freedom, I'll tell you that much. And young, younger than you, George. That's incredible. I know. I feel like I, I gotta step up my game. Yeah, well, a couple new bomber jackets will do it. That'll Do it.


All Right, George. You know, it's that time of year where kids are graduating high school and college. And with that time of year, it's kind of a mixed bag of emotions, the celebration, the excitement, moving on to a new chapter, but all of a sudden, massive reality for the young people. The existential Crisis that's right for high school kids. It's like, I'm going to college. What major do I pick? Where's that gonna put me in the real world when I need a job? Then we got college kids coming out with a lot of debt, many of them. And they're going, I've been here for four years now. I gotta get out in the real world. What do I do with my life?


And the answer is, find the work you're wired to do. And So we have a book called the Get Clear Career Assessment. Find the work you're wired to do. It's a bestseller. Comes with an assessment that measures three specific wires, if you will, George, the wire of talent. That's what you do best. Think of skills, the wire of passion. This is work you really enjoy doing. You lose track of time when you're doing it. And then the third wire is, is a sense of value and mission. In other words, what results do I wanna put out into the world? And So we measure those three wires and we put it together with all the details and someone can see, oh, this is the work I'm wired to do. So that's a quick summary of what the assessment and does. And then the book itself is me coaching the results with that individual. So you get your assessment results and it's about a 45 minute read. And this is the book just came out this week. Find the work you're wired to do. Student edition comes with a student assessment. It's 34 99. This is a great gift for the student who's graduating in, in, in your life, or certainly any student, but people are thinking graduation gifts. And this is a fabulous, fabulous resource. You can get it at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


Alright. Rebecca is up in Atlanta, Georgia. Rebecca, How can we help? Hi. Thank you so much for taking my call. Well, my situation right now is my husband and I, we closed on a house back in 2023. I got laid off the same week. We close unexpectedly and we've been underwater ever since. I'm trying to, I guess I, I need advice on what would be the best route for us to take. What were you making? I was making around 80 and my cousin, my, my husband currently makes 75. Okay. Are you able to cover your basic bills with his income right now?


Barely. We cannot afford our mortgage. Yeah. We can't afford our mortgage at all. Are you behind? Are? Yes. How many months A year? We, we on forbearance, we just resumed payments last month. Oh my goodness. Yeah. What's the plan with the mortgage company? What's the latest communication with 'em? So the latest communication is they reduced our loan by like $500. And we currently pay 3,300 a month.


And we're currently like on a trial right now. So like we have to pay April, may, and June and then whatever we didn't pay for the past year, they're going to put on the back of our loan and extend our loan. Why haven't you guys moved out and sold the place? Honestly, I wanted to do that since last year. My husband, he doesn't want to, he, he doesn't Have AdChoices. They're gonna take it away from you. Yeah. There's not a, there's no wants right now. It's what's the reality of our situation. And then what's been going on with your job and income for the last year?


I've been, I just had a, a baby a couple months ago, so I've been home with, with, we have three kids, so I stay home with them and I have been looking for work. I've done some jobs here and there, but right now everything is on him. And what does he do and how much does he make again? Sure. He works in sales and he, he earned 75. 75,000. Is he straight commission? No. No, he's salary. What's He selling? He earned bonuses. He sells cars.


Okay. Might I make a suggestion that he start looking, I mean, you guys got a lot going on here. So this is like, I don't wanna give you too many things, but if I'm him and I realize that the skill of selling has no limit to it. It's just he's gotta find the right thing to sell. And if I were him, I would be treating this like his life depended on it and I would find a better sales job and let's get a raise. Because if we can get him up over a hundred thousand with a, with a lack of a ceiling, you know, and he can keep going. You guys need that momentum. I still think you need to sell this house. I think he needs to swallow whatever pride he has on this deal or whatever's going on.


And let's reset. Okay, you got a baby, let's, let's reduce our expenses and introduce some peace and serenity into your family. And while he's rebuilding, in other words, a sales career where he can do very, very well. He's got to happen to the situation and he's letting it happen to him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I mean, I, I mentioned to him about selling the house. We've had family, you know, loan us money, but I feel like we're just kicking the can down the road like we're getting by, but it's not relieving our situation. Like we, we are at a negative each month.


Yeah. This isn't sustainable and it hasn't been, this is an Beginning. This is really is an income issue. I mean, there's other issues, but like the solve on this is sell the house, but then let's make sure we get our income to a much better place and now start operating within that. Yes. I mean, I don't know what needs to be said to him. I wish I could get him on the phone. I think It's gonna have to take a foreclosure from him to realize this is serious and I don't want it to get to that point. Yeah. That's gonna be traumatic emotionally and financially if you guys go through that. So you need to start looking at options of where you can live, you know, where you can actually afford it. How much Do you owe on the house total? We owe four 70.


What's It worth? Right now it's worth 6, 6 50. Gosh. And do you guys have any debt Right now? We don't have any credit cards. I have some credit card debt, but he doesn't have any. Okay. How much, how much do you have? I have around $12,000 in credit card debt. What other debt do you have as a family? As a family, we have a car note of $400 a month. What's left on the loan? On the car? Yeah. So we just got it. You just got it.


You're telling me the midst ago, the midst of this crisis, you decided to take out a car loan? We, we needed a car. The car that I had, just, what did the car Cost just Wasn't working. It's, it was a $30,000 car. You will not convince me that you needed a $30,000 car. Yeah, you didn't. You may. Yeah, I you may have needed a 5,000 or a 7,000 or a $10,000 car. You know, you called us and we're not trying to beat up on you at all. But yeah, we've heard this call thousands of times, just had a different name and a different location. But the answer to your question, what should we do?


You should sell this house and you should, yeah. Both get very serious about resetting the way you guys treat your finances. 'cause this problem will stay with you even if you were to sell the house. So selling the house isn't this parachute, but it is the thing that needs to happen so you guys can actually get a reset. 'cause you can pay off all your credit card debt plus the car and, and be able to start over. Right? Right. It's gotta happen. Yeah. Here, here, here's, here's what I'm trying to get at. George and I can tell you this and tell you this and tell you this and tell you what you need to do, but until you all realize that you are not victims in this, 'cause I think you're both acting and feeling like you're victims of your own stupidity.


And we've all done stupid with money, okay? All of us, George and I included, so this is not like some sort of, I'm not casting shame here. I'm saying at some point we all have to go, yes, I did. Stupid Dave RAMSEY himself has said he has a PhD in DUMB. So we've done it, but we didn't sit there and soak in it. We said, oh gosh, that sucks. I don't like where we're at right now. So we are going to do more things that suck, which means we have to sell our house and that's really gonna suck. But we are gonna, we're gonna be able to get out of it. Georgia wanna give you the final word here. Well, Rebecca, I'm gonna gift you guys a financial coaching session with a RAMSEY train financial coach to walk with you through this. I need you and your husband to join the call. Will you commit to that?


Yes, absolutely. A hundred percent. Okay. I think if we sit down together, make a plan, make a budget, we're gonna get the reality of this and then get a game plan to move forward and keep this house if we're lucky, but likely selling it in the next few months. Okay? Alright. Sounds good. Call every coach. Hey, what are you still doing here? You know, the rest of the show's happening on the Ramsey Network app, right? So you gotta jump over there to continue watching. You can download it for free. Just Go to your app store, type in Ramsey Network, it's completely free. And I'll drop a link in the show notes to make it easy for you. So if you're watching on the app, you are in luck.


But if you're watching anywhere else, this show is over for you. So jump onto the app and let the fun continue. All Right, by the way, go on now. Don't make it weird. Okay? I I, I got nowhere to go, so you need to go. Okay. Bye-bye now. All Right. This is, it's getting weird over there guys. What do we do.