
Live From the headquarters of at Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend, the bestselling author Jade Warshaw. And we are taking your calls America about your life and your money. So give us a call at eight eight eight two five five two two five and starting us off this show is Nick in Detroit. Hey Nick, welcome to the show. Hey, thank you for having me. Absolutely. I Be exactly good. How can we help? My Question is, my question is, I'm 21, I'm in college, I paid for my education with my dad and I've got baby steps one done And I have no debt.


I need to pay $3,000 per semester so that I don't go outta college with student loan debt. And would it be more beneficial for me to any additional money that I don't make to put it into step three? I don't feel like I can be gazelle intense with that. Or would it be more beneficial to take 15% of my income and put it into a mutual fund for something further down the line? Okay, so you're, you have extra money. I just wanna make sure I'm understanding your question and you're asking if you should be using it to cash flow college or do something else with it? Mainly to, I, I won't, me and my dad have got it covered that between 3000, but should I put it towards a three to three to six month emergency fund, which is baby step three or should I just put it to a mutual fund and be able to gross money on it over time?


If it's the 3000 makes sense that you're using for your college, I just throw it in a high yield. Like if you get ahead, like say you've paid for the upcoming semester and you've also got 3000 set aside for the coming, you know, the next semester, even after that I just throw it in high yield. I would not invest it because the horizon is so short. Is that what you're asking? I wanna make sure I understand. Yeah, so you would just, instead of investing it, 'cause I'm able to, you'd say just save it in a high yield and then just put it to the next Thing. Yeah, for sure. How many more years do you have left, Nick? How many more semesters? I only have one more. So three more semesters total next semester and then senior year. Oh, okay. Okay. I gotcha. Yeah, and and honestly Nick at, in that state, when you're in something like college and you are cash flowing at, which is so great, I still would recommend Yeah, not even investing really at that point because just having liquid cash in case something happens, it's always a smart idea.


And even after college, right? You graduate college and if you move to take a job somewhere moving expenses and moving costs, like there's just a lot of reasons to have money liquid at, at your age. And then once you graduate you get settled, you get your first job, then you can really dive into investing and at that point for you you'll be at 15% automatically. Which is so great for some people. They have to wait a few years to start investing. So, So I wouldn't, I honestly wouldn't rush into it And I think it, it can feel like it goes against this idea of compound interest 'cause we celebrate that so much, how great it is. And the earlier you start the better off you're gonna be like all of that. But you'll catch up. Like if you start all of this at 23, you'll be fine financially.


So I think it's more important to have as much money, just cash available for these big transitions is the smartest thing the way To go. And then would you, would you also recommend me taking that out of that investment and then putting it back or just leave it there and from here on out, just save the money? Yeah, so there is money invested right now. Yeah, I would probably about $2,000. How much? 2000. 2000? Yeah, I would just get Through this Year. Sure. I would leave that, I would only touch that money if you needed it to get through school to without debt. But I think it sounds like you already have a plan on the other end to do that. Okay. Thank you so much. Yeah, that provides a lot of clarity.


Perfect. Thanks Nick's for the call. All next we have Jay in Anchorage, Alaska. Hey Jay, welcome to the show. Hello, Merry Christmas. Thank you for taking my call. Merry Christmas. Absolutely. How can we help? Yeah, So I just received a promotion at work and the new compensation package makes me ineligible to contribute to the company 401k plan. So they've offered a different plan pre-tax dollars, a small match, but it's unqualified. And I'm curious what your thoughts are on unqualified plans. And this is the right, Yeah, what I, I'm curious why you're not able to contribute to the 401k 'cause you chose a different package for a benefit for your benefits.


No, the the, they have told me that if the compensation exceeds a certain amount, the plan is not able to be contributed to. Oh, Got it. Okay. So you, are you a very high earner? Evidently so. Okay, So I can't, yeah, So I can't contribute to the 401k anymore. So explain to us what your options are again. Sure. So they've offered a different retirement plan, pre-tax dollars, a small company match, but it's unqualified. So it's unfunded and that gives me pause. And I'm curious what your thoughts are on those types of plans and should I contribute, What are they invested in? Do you know?


It, the rate of return is based on a specific bond fund. I don't have that in front of me. Okay. Recently in the last year is about 5%. That's not very good. That's What I thought. I, I mean if, if I were you, my guess is you're not able to just do a traditional Roth IRA, but I might start with backdoor Roth IRA and I might ask a smart investor pro what my, what other better options there are because I wouldn't want it be investing. Yeah, primarily in bond funds. No, and considering it's, you know, is it pre or post-tax? It is pre-tax. It's pre-tax, okay. So yeah, So I would probably, I think you're gonna be better off and again talk to a smart investor pro, but when you actually look at everything, I mean even from index funds to mutual funds, you'll get a better rate of return just doing something like that.


Even though you'll have to pay capital gains when you take, pull the money out, that's still feels that it's gonna be A better growth rate. Yeah, absolutely. But yeah, how much, how much do you make a year? So the new compensation package base is 1 65 with potential up to two five. Okay. I think you'll still qualify for a traditional Roth IRA at that range. So I would definitely be funding that you can fund up to $7,000 and that, that might change in 2025. But I would do that a hundred percent and then I would probably just look at index funds or mutual funds beyond that. It's not retirement and you're not getting that match. But I I How much are they matching? What percentage?


It is 50% of the first 6%. 50% of the first six. Okay. That's an interesting way. Okay. I mean it, it's hard because it's free money coming from the company. Right. But again, your rate of return, I just think that you could, 5% is I think you could still, I think you'll, yeah, I think you'll end up better just doing it on your own versus putting money into this. That was my thought, but I was just looking for a second opinion. Yep. Thanks for all your info. Yeah, absolutely. Jay, thanks for calling. Yeah, I would do that. But then definitely, you know, sitting down with a smart vestor pro is always what we're gonna recommend. I always Yeah. Hate giving blanket Yeah. Investing advice, you know, in a three minute call because there are some ins and outs and different employers are offering different things.


I mean, the amount of changes that's occurred with retirement funds within companies in America, even over the last 10 years, you know, companies offering now Roth 401k, yes. It's up by like 20% versus what they were offering even five years ago. So, but Good on him for looking deeper and seeing what those investments are and what their track record have been as opposed to just saying, this looks good, I'll check the box. Right. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Digging into that and, and looking at those numbers, but yeah, so yeah, I would get with the smart ster Pro j double check all of that, but that, that's my, that's my nature reaction for sure is because when you, when you look at all of these and, and the older people get, there are financial advisors out there that start to recommend more conservative funds.


That's True. Like Bonds and all of that. That's True, that's true. But, but still, I think even then, you know, it, it's advice you wanna look at because to, because I think on the flip side, when you're still in quote unquote riskier, which isn't mutual funds aren't even that risky, you're still gonna get a better rate return. You know, I'm just never a fan of bonds is what I'm trying to say. Even, even as you get older, I just don't think that it's worth like Yeah. The, the limited growth. So thanks again for the call Jay. This is The Ramsey Show.


Are you working the baby steps? One of the smartest and most impactful changes you can make is to ditch your cash value life insurance plan if you have one, and replace it with a term life policy. Listen, the only thing a cash value policy is good for is overcharging you for the life insurance and then paying you a crappy rate of return on your overpayment. Stop wasting your money and really focus on getting out of debt and growing your savings for over 25 years. I've trusted and used Xandr Insurance to find the best rates on term life insurance from the top rated companies. They keep the whole thing simple. You can apply online or over the phone and they even have low cost plans that don't require an exam. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. Even if you don't have a cash value policy, if you're one of the 70% of people who have no life insurance or not enough, it's even more important to get this done. 803 5 6 42 82 or xandr.com


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show.


Today's at RAMSEY question of the day is brought to you by our sponsor. Why refi? When you're trapped in a maze of defaulted private student loan debt, it's hard to find your way out. But why refi can offer you a lifeline with a custom refinancing base on your ability to pay and a lump sum payoff option that you could qualify for after 24 months. So go to why refi.com/ RAMSEY. That's why refi.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


All right. Today's question comes from Carissa in North Dakota. She says, should a couple getting married have guests pay for their plate at the wedding to help with costs? I'm afraid we won't get enough money in wedding gifts to pay for the reception. Oh, so it's you, you are the one that wants to charge. She was asking for a friend at first. I know, right? Wrote should I couple AKA? Should we No, no, You should Not. Okay. I was like, I was like, I don't think so. Do you? Listen, I think that's kind of tacky. There's a difference Between to ask for your wedding guests to pay So bad. I think that's like, huh? There's a difference between tacky and hacky. This is tacky. This is not a, this is not a money hack That, here's the thing.


Like you have to set your budget based on what you can afford to spend on the wedding. Not at, don't treat it as an investment and say, well I'm gonna get, if I spend this, I'll get the money back in gifts. Right, right. Totally. Because that's what she's saying. She's saying, I'm afraid we won't get enough money in wedding gifts to pay for the reception. Well that means you're basing it off of future money that you don't have now. That's right. So you've gotta set the budget of what you can afford based on what you can afford today. And let the gifts be the gifts. Like you can't Yeah, no, no, no, no. This is not good. No, no. Having guests pay for their plate at the wedding. No. Yeah. That's a hard pass. And it's different if it's like your birthday dinner and y'all are all going out to di you know, to to for a big dinner and everyone covers their their meal.


Yes, yes. Right. Like it's that kind of thing. That's fine. But there is a, an etiquette, I feel like when you invite someone to your wedding to celebrate you, their, their presence is the gift. That's not them having to fund Yeah. Fund it. Yeah. Otherwise, just do something less expensive that you can afford. And that way there's no like awkward, You know, there's, there are trends, and we've talked about this. I think George Kamel And I debated this a little bit of people asking instead of a wedding gift to Venmo money to the bride and groom so that they can help pay for their honeymoon and like that kind of stuff. I, And I think I have a problem with it. Me Too. Jade. I think that's a little weird too. I have a problem with, I'm like, let people give you out of the, now, don't get me wrong, like a baby registry.


Let, let, let's, let's break this down. If somebody's having a baby and they make a baby registry, like buy, buy 'em something off the registry. Yeah, totally. Like don't just go off like they've said, here's what I'd like. Yes. So follow the registry. Yes. I I that I'm with. But when people just want money and they're telling you, don't get me anything, just gimme money. Yes. I'm kind of like, And if they want to do that, 'cause some people they will just give money for a wedding gift and what their US choice. Yeah. And that's their choice and that's great. But The Dr but like forcing people into a lane of how they're gonna be generous to help you. Yes. I also like, I don't know why, it just feels off To me. I think the digital quality of it And I, I might feel old fashioned. I also think the digital quality of it, like Venmo me, I'm like, can I, can I give you a nice crisp, two crisp pun, dollar bills and a card And then you get to decide what's, And then you decide what you do.


Don't put, don't put cash app like that. Is is so not it A QR code, the hey, I don't know, maybe we're just Like, am I just like a Gen Xer? Is that what the problem is? No. 'cause I'm a millennial and I still think it's, yeah, maybe it's the Gen Zs. Maybe they all think it's okay. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe it is. I don no no more. I don't know. E is, I think the audience, Eva is a genzer. I think that Would you put a Venmo, would you p put a QR code yes or no at your, at your wedding reception? She says Yes. What does the audience say? Venmo or let 'em get you a gift. Oh good. Okay. Everyone's saying that not Venmo. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. I'm glad we're all on the same page. We're all old together. We'll Just, we'll, we'll blame Gen Z.


Gosh. Like I feel like we do. Oh gosh. Too often. Too often. Alright. Yeah. Alright, well let's head to the phones. We have Hannah in St. George, Utah. Hey Hannah, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? So my husband And I are on baby step one and I'm wondering where I should put that emergency fund when it comes to like my bank account. So right now we have 10% that goes to our church and then we do 10% of our income into savings. I'm wondering if that emergency money goes with my savings or should I put it in a different account?


Okay, so in your mind, what's the difference between savings and emergency fund? Emergency fund, I wouldn't touch, whereas like savings is, oh, I didn't know I needed an oil change And I didn't budget for that. Okay. So it would come out of savings. And is this your starter emergency fund, like your thousand dollars or are you talking about three to six months? It's okay. So it would Be starters. Okay. So the way we would teach is if you're in baby step $1,000 saved and then everything else that you have money saved would go towards baby step two, which is paying off your debt. And to answer your question, that thousand dollars, I would not keep it in my normal checking account because you might accidentally spend it.


I would put it in a separate savings account. Still keep it very liquid. Right. It should be something that you can get to if there's an emergency, don't put it in a CD or don't put it in something that you can't get to. But I do think that there's value in getting it out of your normal checking account into a savings account. Not maybe I, I don't like when there's an a debit card attached to it. I like when it's just Oh yeah, yeah there and if you need to e transfer over whatever. But just, Yeah, good high yield savings account, Hannah, I would go ahead and open that and put your a thousand dollars And I wouldn't do right now the 10%, I mean the 10% for giving, but we really, we don't talk about percentages for savings until maybe step four. That's right. And so this like, oh we're gonna put 10% of our income for savings and do an emergency fund.


I would put it all together And I would not worry about the percentage. I would find whatever money I had in my budget and get that thousand dollars as quickly as possible. So you may be able to do it, you know, depending on what you guys make and what your budget is this month. Right. And it may be 25% of your take home pay. Yeah. And it and it, and it fills up your emergency funds that way. But I would not look at percentages for saving right now. I would get that a thousand dollars as quickly as possible. Then once you guys are completely debt free, then you bump it up to three to six months of expenses using that same high yield savings account. That's, that thousand dollars will then kind of be that springboard into the fully funded emergency fund. How much, Yeah, Hann, what do you have now?


Combined? Combined income or Just savings, account savings and what you were calling emergency fund. So currently the emergency fund is at like one 40 and the savings is about 300. Okay. Yeah. How much do you guys make a year? My husband makes about 55 to 60,000 a year. Okay. So yeah, to Rachel's point, combine all that together and just at this point you have $440 in your emergency fund and so you've got another, you know, five 50 to go and then baby step one for you is complete and then it's moving on to baby step two.


And Hannah, you would have, you could use that a thousand dollars if something came up that you weren't expecting because that's kinda how we qualify an emergency. It's when it's urgent and it's unexpected. So you, you know, something comes up and you're like, I have to do it now. Right. It's not like, oh, something comes up And I could fix it in six months. Right. That wouldn't be the emergency fund. This is like, oh this has to happen today. And also, Hannah, in your checking account, we always say to have a buffer in that as well so that you're not, you know, there, there may be enough of a buffer and you're checking out to cover some small expenses that come up because you're gonna have a, a miscellaneous category in your budget ideally. So there will be things that come up throughout the month that you don't expect, but ideally it's coming out of the budget there.


You're not having touched the emergency fund, the emergency fund's only when it's kind of big expenses that you're like, oh gosh, a couple hundred bucks. And it's, you know, we may have to dip into that but I always like having a cushion jade in my checking. And depending on where you are in the baby steps, you know, if you're in baby step one through three, you know, it may be a couple hundred bucks in there as pat. That's right. And maybe you bump that up more as you get into baby steps 4, 5, 6, and seven. But I do Hannah want you to have a buffer in your checking that's not emergency fund driven or savings driven, but it's more lifestyle driven if you will. Just so that you don't go into the red and you're checking. So I hope that helps. Thanks for the call. We have two more segments coming up this hour.


Give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting with Jade Warshaw and we'll be back.


Hey guys, I've never done this before, but I'm partnering with a nutrition company Field of Greens. Each fruit and vegetable in field of greens is selected by doctors to support heart, liver and kidney health plus metabolism for healthy weight. And your doctor will notice your improved health or field of greens will give you your money back. I can get behind a promise like that. Go to field of greens.com/ RAMSEY and get 15% off with promo code RAMSEY field of greens.com/ RAMSEY.


Really the best way to make the most of your money is by sticking to a budget, creating a budget, sticking to it. I mean it's probably the most powerful tool from a tactical standpoint when this comes to gaining control of your money. Knowing where your income's going, knowing where margin is so that you can pay off debt and save and all of it. There's just something proactive about telling your income what to do. And if you've not downloaded EveryDollar, make sure to check that out. This is our budgeting app and you can actually download it for free. Create your first budget and really get in this habit and this rhythm of your life of budgeting and do and do this regardless of where you are financially. Those of you, you know, like the last caller who's working to save up a thousand dollars all the way to those of you on baby step seven that the house is paid for. Everything's done. Tracking your monthly expenses is so important because it just gives you this gauge of where your, where your money's going financially. And it just gives you a sense of control. There's so much in life that we can't control. So when you can't find these things, that's you can actually get in a rhythm and be proactive with that is your income. And that is a budget. So download EveryDollar for free in the app store or Google Play or you can click the link in the description if you are watching or listening on YouTube or podcast, we'll put a link down there. But go and download EveryDollar.


Alright, going to the phones. We have Austin in Nashville. Hey Austin, welcome to the show. Hi. Hello. Hello. How can we help? So I am a full-time college student. I'm graduating next week and I'm currently on step one. I am just having trouble racking my head around paying off all of the debt that I have. Mm. How, how much? So I have, I don't have any student loans to, to start out with. I have about $15,000 in car loans and credit cards. Okay. And what's your degree in and do you have a job? Like do you have a job lined up?


But I don't have a degree. I'm, I have a diploma for graphic design. Got it. Graphic design. And do you have a job lined up for graphic design? I have recently. I've just looked at the job market And I, I've decided that's maybe not something I wanted to pursue. Interesting. Okay. What do you wanna pursue? I've been looking more into becoming a mechanic. Okay. Well I I just generally speaking, just from talking to you briefly, I think you're more overwhelmed by that and not having a clear prospect to pay off the debt than probably the debt itself. Because I thought you were gonna say, oh I've got, you know, 50 or $60,000 in student loans, $15,000.


We can make that happen. You just need a job. Any job. Yeah. Really. So are you working at all right now? And if so, what are you doing and what are you earning? I am, I currently work at like FedEx warehousing. Okay. Just moving boxes around And I, I was doing part-time, I should be going full-time here And I projected to make about 35. That's great. You said 35? Yes Ma'am. Okay, cool. And then what's your living situation like Currently living with parents. Okay. So there's no money. Are you paying them rent or anything or you're pretty much kind of square there Just helping around or helping around the house that they nature. Okay, cool. So I think for you the biggest thing is let's, once you graduate next week, let's move from full-time to, from part-time to full-time so you can get that full paycheck.


And in this phase it's good that you're not really paying rent because you can put the full force of your income on this debt. How much of it, of the 15,000, how much of it is the car versus the credit card? Credit card? It's very minor, it's just 500. I'm mainly worried about the car. Okay. So, okay, so we're 14,000. What's the car worth? About nine right now. Okay. Yeah, I think with this, I think you can buckle down and pay this off, but you're gonna be working like a madman. Yeah. Are you able to pick up shifts coming up here? I mean we're two weeks from Christmas and you're working at FedEx. Are you able to do you know overtime?


Yes Ma'am. Okay. I mean I would, Austin honestly like you're in a great position like No Kids seasonally just to like all the way, I mean like I, I would tell them I will work as many hours as you will give me. And then another thing to think about is, and the, the ratio of card debt to your income, it's right on the line. We always say we want no more than 50% of your annual take home pay or your annual income. And, and so that, you know, you're 35 is kind what you're projected at right now and 14. Yeah. You're just kind of on that line. And I think it's one of those questions, even though you are upside down on it, I probably in your case would just pay it off. But always be thinking through with debt what is worth it because you wanna, you know, calculate how many hours and how much money it's gonna take to pay this car off versus if you're like, you know what it's worth, is it nine private sale or nine to a dealership for a trade-in?


Did you look online Nine private? Okay. I mean yeah, at that point you Probably keep it, you'll probably break even but, but just yeah, in the future it's just a good mental exercise even for people listening or watching, especially with car debt to say, okay, how many, how many hours extra am I gonna have to work to keep this car versus if I sold it, took out a loan for the difference and maybe a couple thousand more just to buy a beater and you know how significantly you'll get out so much faster. But again, Austin in your case, it's kind of a break even from that point. So yeah, I would just be working extra and then at the same time, Austin be looking for a full-time job of something that you want and you're in a great, I don't know, I think FedEx, UPSA lot of those places, it, it's great employment.


So if you are there for a, for you know, longer than maybe you're expecting, I think that's okay. But also know your next step into the job market is not gonna be the perfect job. It's not gonna be the thing that like, you know, you've always wished for and the dream job, you're right outta college. So remember kind of just like take what you're gonna get type thing As well. That's right. And I think for you, I love what Rachel said And I want to take it even a step further with your car, you decide, you say, you know what, I'm tired of being in debt, I want this thing paid off in six months. And when you say that, then reverse engineer it and say, okay, what does that mean for me job wise? How much do I have to work to make that happen? Right. And that way you're, you're the one in the driver's seat and you're the one that's in control of this as opposed to, I make this and it's going to take me x amount of months making this money.


Does that make sense? So kind of run it back and that's gonna force you to work probably harder than you've ever worked before. And as far as the graphic design to mechanic thing, I think that you, I don't know what your plans are are, but I I feel like you kind of put that on hold for a second because you've just spent money on an education, you've just spent time on an education work for a while, get this mess cleaned up and then during that time research what it looks like to become a mechanic, as Ken Coleman would say, like, get in that proximity, follow some people around, but don't just jump and make that choice before you've done detailed research. So Yeah. Where where are you graduating from? Austin. Is it an online school or It's a local, it's a tech school in Tennessee.


Oh, okay. Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. Well I hope that helps Austin just in the sense of just some encouragement that you're, you're in a great line of work with FedEx right now from a seasonal perspective. Yeah. So, so take take advantage of that over time and, and, and this plan hopefully will lower that stress and Jade's right to map out a specific timeline of okay, you know, September of next year, where am I gonna be if I, if I start paying this stuff off And I would pay the credit card off like by, by New Year. Yeah. I mean yeah, I mean like it's 500 bucks too and we talk to people Austin all the time sell Yeah. All the time who are doing extra side gigs.


And Jade, when we talk about this on the EveryDollar webinars And I, and we ask 'em like, hey how much, what do you do for a side gig, a side hustle and how much are you making up? Some of them are blown up making 2000, right? I mean just for extra side hustles like so there is ways to get this thing paid off in six months. Yeah. It's very, very doable Austin. So I think that will really propel you into some motivation to to pay this off. Yeah. The moral of the story for me is of all the types of callers that call in that have debt to pay off if you are single, if you do not have children and if you are still living at home, you are in the best 'cause you've got time. Like time is at your disposal, you know, you don't know true tiredness yet.


So like you can really get in there and get, get tired working. Yes. And for all of you graduating, you know, now we're in may live like a broke college student until this debt's paid off. That's right. Keep that lifestyle. 'cause I think the problem is is when you get your first job and you're getting a salary, you know this, this career, you're thinking, oh my gosh I'm a grownup now. And you and your expectations of life suddenly kind of creep up of what that lifestyle looks like. But if you stay low on lifestyle while you get this cleaned up, I would rather be doing that at 21, 22, 23 facts than 31, 32, 33. So I know that's right. You Got it. Austin, thanks for the call.


Remember the good old days of the internet before it was a privacy nightmare filled with spammer, scammers, hackers and fraudsters simpler times. Now I don't have a time machine but I do have the next best thing. Delete me. Think of delete me as your online bodyguard helping to protect you from the risks of online scams and data breaches. Here's how they do it. They scour the web to find and remove your data from these sketchy data broker websites. And this includes your name, your phone number, your email, your address and more and delete me. We'll send you a detailed report of what they did and how much time they've saved you. You and they've saved me 66 hours so far, which is more time I can spend trying to nail the wordle of the day on the first try. Delete Me has been around for over a decade and they now have over a hundred million data removals, which explains why they have a mountain of rave reviews and an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. It's been great for my family And I love getting fewer targeted ads, fewer spam texts, and fewer creepy robo calls. So this holiday season share peace of mind by gifting a delete me subscription to someone you love or even just like their individual plans. Start at just nine bucks a month and you can sign up today@joindeleteme.com slash RAMSEY for 20% off. That's join delete me.com/ RAMSEY.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We are in the holiday spirits Jade. We are in the middle of sh I Don Dunno, still shopping. I think I'm pretty much done. I have nothing wrapped. Oh Man. But Santa at our house doesn't wrap gifts. He just pulls the gifts out of the bag and they just are there under the tree not wrapped. So that's always convenient for Santa. Oh so What goes, does anything go under your tree ahead Of time? Gifts that mom and dad buy? Like we'll buy, you know, I see like one or two things that we'll wrap but Okay. But they un wrap a lot of gifts from like parents, grandparents there. There's a lot of unwrapping happening there, which is great. But yeah, so That's a good idea.


I might take you up on that. Yeah, that was my Santa growing up childhood never wrapped either. So that was the same Santa, I think that visitor house too doesn't wrap. That's A Good idea. Okay. Which is nice but I, but we're still going through our lists of gifts for like, we draw names on both sides of the family, you know, smart, all the things. So where, where are you at with all of Jay? Listen For me, like me myself 'cause I'm not in debt. I have purchased gifts for the kids and my husband And I have done that. I have not fully finished with my husband but this time of year, you know, this is the time of year where it really becomes a hot button topic because obviously we're a financial show. We want people to make their way to peace.


And I said it last year but posted it this year a very like controversial statement. Controversial. I like to say. And I think I was on with you. You were Right. So before we talk about it, let's show you the clip. So you see where we're coming from? Roll tape. You don't have to buy gifts for adults. They're grown, they have their own money, their own job. If they want a new blender, they can go buy it. They do not need you to go buy them slippers. Like they can buy their own slippers. I said what? I said Rachel, I said what? I said did you? Okay. And I And I actually, when you were saying it last year, I remember it and being like that is so true. Like if Aunt Linda needs something like let's get Alin.


Yeah she's fine. Like let Aunt Linda, especially if you are getting outta debt, you're on a tight budget. Yes. And it's been a hard and it's been a hard year or two you guys like with inflation and stuff. I mean it's just people are just getting the necessities paid and there's not a lot of room. Yeah. And so it was this guilt-free reality that adults can take care of adults. That's rights. Right. It's what you're saying. Did you get hate from it? I got so much hate. And here's the thing, don't, don't, don't misunderstand. Like the reason we're talking about it is not like to try to qualify it 'cause like I'm drinking water, I'm fine. It's for you guys. 'cause there were so many people, Rachel a always read the caption because you need to see more. And I did explain, I was like, here's what I'm trying to say to you. It yes, I'm not saying adults can't have gifts.


I'm not saying it's not nice to receive a gift. I'm just saying I'm gonna Look it up on your Instagram right now. I'm just saying that if you're in this situation, I'm giving you permission to back away from the spending because we don't need them. You know what I'm saying? Like I will get by if you don't buy me a precious moments fi, you know what I'm saying? I'll get by if you don't buy me lotion from Bath and Body Works, I don't need your $15 gift. Thank you. You it got 10.8 million, 10 point. Yes. 10.8 million of you. Not all of you, but a lot of you were concerned with Jade. This sounds a little like Grinchy, this sounds like a little scrooge and it, it's not that, it's for people who are struggling with debt. I used to be one of those people and I was the person who continued to buy gifts on credit cards.


And when you're broke, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna say this lightly because I think people will know what I mean, when you're broke, you buy broke people gifts. You know what I'm saying? Like you, you go to the dollar store and you rack up and you buy like 10 and $20 gifts. But I'm like, you can't afford it. And that $10 gift is not breaking them free. That's right. They're okay without it. Yes. But it is causing stress for you because now before you know it, you spent two or $300 that probably you should have put towards a collections bill or probably that you should have put towards paying off your car. And that's what this whole thing is about. It's about changing our behavior and not feeling pressured to spend our money. That's right. You know, and some of you're like, well Jade, I don't feel pressured to spend like it's my love language.


I love giving gifts and if that's you, fine, you don't feel the pressure. But now let's just look at back, look at what is it wise for us to do. Like is it wise for me to spend in this type of way? And I'm not saying don't participate. I, I think Christmas is great, it's the the most wonderful time of year. I think there's a way that you can participate. And here's what I would say, Rachel. And this was in the caption if you had read it Okay. In the caption, I was like make a very short, very prioritized list. Yes. I would start with kids like nieces, nephews, your own children. Right? Sure. And buy for them first and use cash. No problem. I'm not mad at that. And then if you have some adults like VIP only. Yes. Yes. I would say they're next. For most of us it's our mom and dad or maybe it's like our sister and brother.


But I would not get too crazy with this if you're shipping packages across the US Yes. It's expensive. Totally. Yes. You can't afford that. Yes. Somebody needed to tell you that you couldn't afford it. And it's not out of shade. It's really out of love because I don't want you to be further in debt. And I think that most of us don't do this, but we probably should Rachel, when the holidays start, like when Halloween ends, right. We need to stop and go, okay, what was it about last year's holiday season that went well and what was it that didn't go well? Yes. And kind of set that intention ahead of time. And most of us will go, man, I was so like overextended or man I overspent and it really didn't have the effect I thought it was gonna have.


Right, right. Yes. And we can go back and say, you know what, I made all those freaking side dishes and spent all that money and we would've probably like half of it didn't even get eaten. Right. And you can see the ways that you spent your money that didn't make a huge impact. And I think it's the same way with Christmas. There's so many gifts and it's like, you know, the kids probably would've been just as happy. Like I could have cut back a little bit and they would've still been happy. Absolutely. For sure. You know? For sure. So there's some moderation that has to be going on here, Rachel. Well, And I think that's the Yeah, And I think the level of discipline and planning, some people just don't, they don't do. And they, it's a little bit on a whim and that's where people get in trouble with money is because it's so emotional and all of these emotions are driving your decisions.


And usually when that's the case, when our logic isn't doing it and it's our emotions, yeah. We do tend to overspend. We make spontaneous decisions that probably are not great in the long run because in the moment it feels good, it feels right. And then you look back after logic is set in with maybe a level of regret of realizing, oh my gosh. And and this is the reality too, Jade, is that, you know, we're, again, we're not a, like the Grinch stole Christmas, no kind of people, but 28% of Americans are still paying for Christmas last year still. I heard a stat that said 49%. Oh my gosh. It's well, yeah. Oh wow. Any, like, any level of that. So there's obviously a clear boundary issue that we're having that that, that we're not able to afford. Yes. And so to your point, the kids are the priority Christmas and the Christmas spirit and all this stuff, right?


Yes. It's the kids, the adults are gonna be okay. Right. So prioritizing that. Yes. And then even within your kids, right, of your family, if, if it's gonna look different than last year because maybe this year is the first time you are doing it on a budget, talk about it. Yes. Communicate it, talk about the diff Christmas may look a little different this year. Yeah. And then even thinking through the motivation too of why you're buying everything in the first place. Very. That's always a big question for me's. Very because even for kids like I, this was probably two years ago, Jade, everyone like the on social media on Instagram, they were just posting like Christmas Eve, like merry, you know, crowd. Oh yeah. And it's just like a picture of like their tree and like Oh, and all the gifts. The gifts and stuff. And I was like, oh, I was just whipping through. I was like, well that's kind of sweet.


So I did it as we were going to bed, like we had our lamps on and it was just a pretty little picture. So I just, you know, and then we had our gifts out from Yeah. We had our gifts out and So I took the picture and just captured Merry Christmas And I got so many comments on my minimalist Christmas. Oh, They're like, Rachel, where's the gifts? They're like, oh, whatever's so refreshing. It's just a minimalist Christmas at the cruises. And I was like, this is regular. I thought we, like, I thought we were doing, I thought we like had a great Christmas. But then as I look through, I'm like, oh no, from what people mouth people go hard in the paint. And again, it is not bad. If you have the money and this is where you're choosing to spend it, it that is totally fine. Yeah. Nobody, You're grown, but I also, you're Grown. I'm, and we're also the moms.


You And I both, we talked about this yesterday during a break when we did the show yesterday, I also had three trash bags full of crap that our kids just don't use in the playroom and in the closets in the room. I'm like, so then it's just stuff just ends up building up. Yeah. And that's the consumerism where I'm like, I'm not gonna buy you stuff just to buy you stuff either. So I That's Such a good point, point. I know it's a, I think you're right. At the end of the day, everybody's grown. You can spend your money on what you wanna spend your money on. I mean, that's the, that's the cold hard fact. But if you want our advice and if you're a person who's trying to get outta the debt, the point is you have permission to back away. Like, you don't have to opt into all of the things that the holidays want you to opt in. And we're just trying to give you that out. That's really what it amounts to.


Yeah. I'm Gonna, I'm gonna end with a, with a hater comment. Jade, you ready? Let him hate if buying slippers hurts your wallet, you have other problems. This is very financial illiterate advice. So I would say yes, if slippers hurt your wallet, you have other problems is exactly what we're saying. Yes. Yep, it does. So then we, we gotta dig into that, why that is. Alright, well Jade, It's Been real great segment. Thanks for giving us the Christmas spirit. We appreciate it. Thanks all, all the guys in the booth and thank you America. This is The Ramsey Show. We'll be back.


You want to leave happy memories for your loved ones when you pass away. Not a mess. Your family will be grieving, so don't make them spend days trying to access your computer or sift through drawers full of junk. That's why you need a Knock Box. Knock Box is a complete home organization system and estate planning tool that helps you organize all of your accounts, personal history, wills, estate planning documents, and all other info in one place. Inside each kit are 15 categories, covering everything from life insurance policies and funeral plans to your dog's vet and the code for your storage unit across town. And the best thing about your Knock Box is the checklist that tell you everything to add to each folder so your loved ones won't have to guess where things are. So if you have a household, you need a Knock Box and you can get organized in time for the holidays by visiting Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's n ok box.com/ RAMSEY.


Live From the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author Jade Warshaw, and we are taking your calls on life and money. So give us a call at triple eight eight two five five two two five. We are here to chat with you. All right, starting us off this hour, is Allison in Philadelphia? Hi Allison, welcome to the show. Hello. Hello. How are you guys today? We're doing great. Thanks for calling. How can we help? Well, okay, I'm just gonna be quick about this.


My husband passed away. Oh, I'm Sorry. And yes, you know, he wa you know what? You had to love him or you had to hate him. It was one or the other. My my, my question is, he hid everything from me the day he died. I found out we had a sheriff's sale also on that day for our, my home. And I had holy smokes, absolutely no clue. He, he had all the paperwork, everything sent me to the store, sent me to Atlantic City, you know, like, like we had nothing wrong. And So I and a pickle, I'm not really sure what I should do about this. Holy smokes. Okay, so you, when did All surprise Surprise. Yeah. When did all this happen? Allison?


September 17th. I also moved my father into my home six weeks prior to that he was in Colorado. He is been there 56 years. I just moved him back here and then this happened. So, Man, I'm, I'm so sorry. Okay. I mean, it it's ama it would be so difficult to be grieving the loss of your husband and then at the same time uncovering this other reality that you had no idea was happening financially speaking. Oh Yeah. I felt like I got hit by a two by four, you know, difficulties knocked out on to the ground. Oh, definitely. Awesome. Yeah, my, And I have my 3-year-old grandson lives with me and two of my adult daughters because it's very expensive here.


You know, the taxes are really, my taxes are 10 grand. I don't even have a quarter of an acre. You know, it's just really expensive. Yes. Okay. So wa okay, so walk us through, you may have said at the beginning of the call, but what, what's the state right now of where you are financially after you've uncovered everything? What's, where are you? Well, I got a little bit of life insurance. Okay. How Much? And I can 200,000. Okay. I believe he was in arrears for 86,000. He was in a bankruptcy for three years to save the home when he was in the hospital a couple years ago.


And that was fine. He was paying $3,700 into the bankruptcy and 24 to our regular mortgage. Okay. And I guess he just ran outta money and never told me. So what does that leave you? What are you, after everything's kind of come out in the wash, what does that leave you with and what are you still trying to sort out? Well, I have, I don't believe that I owe what they're saying I owe. I understand there's interest in all that, but they, they kind of put us in that position. It's a co it's a servicer that has been taken to court many times and had to pay out millions of dollars for wrongfully taking people's homes.


And this is what I was battling for a few years before I stumbled on that when he was in the hospital. Okay. So I just wanted to know what is the bottom line, like what can I pay to get it out of foreclosure and then possibly just keeping the mortgage and paying that off. I don't, I don't even know what I Think. How far, how far behind are you? Well he stopped paying that mortgage or the, the mor the mortgage and the bankruptcy in January. Oh, okay. So it's about to be 12 months of no payments. Right. And have you had contact with anybody about this? Or is this you just looking at, you know, the statements that come in the mail or whatever?


I, I get physically ill opening those statements. Okay. Because of what happened five years ago, they actually told me they couldn't talk to me because I wasn't on the mortgage, but I was on the mortgage. Okay. So they made me behind even more time. And you're sure that you're on it at this point? Oh, I'm positive. Okay. Yeah, I got my own paperwork hidden. It was hidden in the closet. Okay. So when you, you're gonna have to call 'em up and you're gonna have to find out what's going on with this and it's not gonna be fun. And I know that you're dreading it, you probably have a pit in your stomach now, but you're gonna have to go, okay, where are we in this process? Is there anything that I can do to pull it back from foreclosure? What, what would I have to pay? And then once you find that out, you have to look at your own finances and go, can I even pay this?


And then there's part of this, right? I don't know if you wanna hear this, but what you're describing sounds like absolute, like HE double hockey sticks. Like I, do you want the house or do you want to find a way to, to sell it? Let the bank sell it and move on with your life? My, my, what I would like to do is at least keep it so that I can sell it because I have, it's worth six 20 And I owe, what they say I owe is three 20. My mortgage was for 3 43 15 years ago. So you owe three 20, it's worth six 20 for, usually it would be like, okay, can I, once I can get back on track with the payments, let's come up with a payment plan. So we're back on track.


And then at, at that point you're paying the mortgage and then you can decide if, if you wanna sell it or not. The question is, let's pretend, I mean, let's pretend like I'm the servicer And I say, alright Allison, you're gonna have to pay a payment and a half for the next two years. Let's just, I don't know what they'll tell you. Right. Could you even do that? Yeah. Are You question, are you making an income Allison right now? No, I'm not because of my, I was taking care of my uncle who passed away last Christmas. He, he was dropped off at my grandson's birthday party and they're saying, here you go, you, it's take care of him. So I took care of him for two years, So I didn't Work. Yeah. Allison, there's a lot of you taking care of people, including your own children, your grown children right now, which, and I'm not defaulting you, but that there, there is something to understand, Allison, that you have to take care of yourself first and foremost.


Right. And that's not a selfish idea. You can't take care of people while you're drowning. Right. That you have to get yourself in a very stable position. And so, so he had this life insurance. Did he have any retirement? I mean, I'm assuming with all the foreclosure stuff he like Yes. Yes, it was, it was, it's in stock. Okay. How much is that? And once A year, I'll get 20 grand a year for six years. And it was one 17 and I guess, I don't know how all that works, but I get 20 grand every September for six years And I can roll it back into it or, you know, use it or whatever. Was he working before he passed? Yes.


Okay. What was he bringing in at the time? He was making about 11 grand a month. Okay. And, and then, yep. And you have a 200,000 in life insurance. How old are you? I am 58. 58. Okay. If I, before we get off, I want to set you up with a coach. Yes. To help you go through all of this because I think that there's a lot to go through. You probably with this all said and done, you probably have the money possibly to keep this house, but I don't know, it's hard to know because it sounds like there's a lot of secrets and a lot of skeletons and a lot of closets. And you have to determine what Jade was saying earlier too, Allison, that with this house you got, you were, you know, essentially should have been, be able to make these payments on, you know, $150,000 income is what He is bringing in around that and Right.


You, and to supplement that. You don't have that. And So I don't want this house holding onto this house. I don't want you to drain everything just to keep the house to Jade's point earlier. I agree. So yeah, if you, if you hold on the line, e Emily's gonna pick up and we are going to set you up with a financial coach because getting all of this and from a legal perspective, yes, the contacts that you need and all of it. And they're gonna be able to ask even more questions, Alison, than we can on in six minutes here on a one call in the segment, because there's probably other things there as you start pulling a string to really figure out and get yourself like in a position of all knowledge to start making wise decisions with all of the information possible. So pull it on the line and we will give that to you as our gift.


And we are so sorry that that is what you're up against. It's terrible.


Hey you guys, I'm not a fan of the big banks and you probably already know which ones I mean, but I do like credit unions because they're non-profit organizations that focus on their members. And I'm proud to endorse Fairwinds Credit Union because they share the RAMSEY mission of helping people get out of debt and live generously. In fact, they designed products to help keep you from going into debt in the first place. Fairwinds has been in business for over 75 years and they serve hundreds of thousands of members worldwide. You can feel secure because your deposits are federally insured by the NCUA up to $250,000. It's easy to join and Fairwinds partners with more than 5,000 credit union locations around the country. So you can bank in person wherever you live. But if you prefer the online experience, you can log on to Fairwinds and do anything you could do at a physical location. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. And while you're there, look at the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans to help you take control of your finances. That's Fairwinds, F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY.


Folks, the RAMSEY Christmas cash giveaway is here and You could win big. We're giving away $500 prizes each week and one grand prize of $5,000 in our daily for your chance to win at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash giveaway. It's that easy. Plus our 50 days of Christmas deals is on right now. Get up to 30% off bestsellers and life-changing gifts that won't break the holiday budget. Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. Up next we have Katie calling us from Dallas, Texas.


Hi Katie, welcome to the show. Hi. Hello. So glad to be here. Well, thanks for calling. How can we help? I have a big problem. Well, I don't know if it's too big, but my question is how do I tackle my debt while establishing an emergency fund and investing at the same time? Ah, I can see how you're overwhelmed with that because that is overwhelming trying to do all of that at the same time. Why? What what's causing you, what's the motivation in trying just to, to get it all done? Do you feel like you're behind on investing? You don't feel like you have enough savings, there's a lot of debt. What? What? What's causing you to do this?


So I've held onto this large amount of money in my savings account. I started saving since I was 16 and I just, I'm exhausted of seeing it just sitting there. I wanna do something with it. My frustration is I'm not knowledgeable in investing And I don't even know where to start. I don't know. Yeah, How, how much is it Invest? It's $47,230. Okay. And that's just sitting in savings. And then how much debt do you have? I have $24,516 in debt. Okay. Well the good news is we'll give you a plan so that you feel like you're going in a direction and you feel confident about what that direction is.


Also, the good news is you're gonna be out of debt basically today if you follow our plans By tonight. Oh my Goodness. So That's exciting to hear. It's, listen, you've done a wonderful job saving and it sounds like you weren't really sure what direction to go. So you kind of just try to do everything. And the way we teach kind of narrows it down and you do one thing at a time for a period of time and then you kind of are freed up to do more. But for you the first step, and you've already covered it, we always say the first baby step is you just need a thousand dollars saved. You got that. So check that one off the list. The next step is we take any additional savings that we have or we work really hard to pay off our consumer debt. And for you, you have the money to do that.


So that would be baby step two, pay off consumer debt. Yeah. Get the green check. That's right. And Katie, what is the 24,000? What kind of debt is it? One credit card in the amount of 65 63. Another credit card in 67 83. And my car that is E 11 1 70. Okay. So yeah, so part of this paying off debt for most people that call the show Katie, I would say nine outta 10 of them don't have money to pay off these credit cards in this car. So we're gonna be talking to them about working extra sacrificing lifestyle, all of it. But your position is completely flipped because you, you have that cash.


So like what Jade was saying is that's a big green check light. But also Katie, we wanna establish new habits so that we don't get back into this place of debt again. So what were you using the credit cards for? The the two. Just spending. Okay. Yeah, monthly spending. I'm, I have a problem of, I like seeing the money there. I like feeling secure. I like feeling safe. My problem is just letting go of that money. Listen, I think for personalities like you, when we reframe what security and safe is, I think they thrive even more. Because if you're a person who loves being secure, being safe, you're going to love a debt-free life.


Because debt really does equal risk because using credit cards, that's a form of debt. It equals risk because for most of us, we go about our life, right? You put, yeah, maybe you put shopping on the credit card, maybe you take out a car loan. But if you were to lose your job, suddenly you feel the risk of that. 'cause you go, oh my gosh, I don't have the income I used to have coming in And I have this car payment due, I have to pay the credit card off. And suddenly we feel the risk of that weight that we've been carrying in debt, right? So if you're a person who says, no, I love security, then paying off your debt truly is ultimate security. And then turning around and saving up three to six months, which is the next step, baby. Step three, having that three to six months of cash sitting there, that's actually your money.


It's not money that you owe to credit cards or car notes. That is the ultimate form of security because then you can say, no matter what happens, I'm prepared for a storm. If I lose my job, I know I have the money to keep everything going for the next six months. If an emergency comes up, you know the water heater goes out or something happens with hvac, I have the money that I can cover it. Yeah. And the, in the three to six months too, Katie is enough to, to what Jade's saying when these big things come up to cover with cash, but it's also not so much that you're getting frustrated that you're not making a lot on return. Right. So it is that perfect medium. Are you single married kids? What? What's like your life status?


I am married. I have one baby. Okay. So since you like security, Katie, I would go more the six month emergency route versus the three month. Yep. So I would stick with that six month. Do you know from an operating budget perspective how much money you guys need per month just to keep kind of where you're at and I And I amm thinking, you know, mortgage payments, utilities, gas in the car, food, all of that. What, what's kind of a, what would you guess to keep you guys afloat for a month? How much money For him and me? Myself together? Yeah. As a household. I wanna say roughly 6,000. Okay. So the good news is you have that even after you pay off the debt, I mean that still leaves you with a little over 20,000.


So you could effectively say, okay, now I've got my three to six months. And then to answer your further question about like, do I invest this? What do I do that three to six months, you just keep it in a high yield savings account. It's there, like we said, it's just that fully funded emergency fund for when you need it. And then above that, technically, and, And I know I'm not gonna dig into this too much right now, but it sounds like after that your household is debt free, your household has three to six months of expenses. Now you could start to invest. And the way that we'd say to do that is really just taking 15% of y'all's combined income every single month and putting it towards, yeah, your 401k, your Roth IRA, that sort of thing. And it just becomes a kind of set and forget rhythm for you to invest.


Yeah. And when you're talking about you didn't know much about investing a great place to start, Katie, a Roth IRA is a great option. You and your husband both can open it up. You can both put $7,000 in and that grows tax free. And within that Roth IRA you'll invest in mutual funds And I would sit down with a smart investor pro to, to kind of get all this started. And then do you and your husband both have retirement benefits at work? Like 4 0 1 Ks or a 4 0 3 B? I do not. I believe he does. Okay. So yeah, so I would, you know, use that 15% to fund two Roth IRAs go up to the match with his 401k. And how much do you guys household income wise, are you making a year?


I'll say 60,000. Okay. Okay. Are you guys working together with your money? Are you guys a have a combined checking account? How, how'd you know? No, we don't. Nothing. Not, I think that's something you need to work towards. What's he say about, what's he say about all this? Does he wanna, does he feel outta control money-wise? Is he feeling like a little bit like, oh gosh, are we on track? Have you guys been talking about it and that's why you called? Or is this just you on your own feeling it and you don't know where he's at? With finances, it's kind of, you earn your money, you make your money, we share the mortgage, so you just z me the money and we're okay with that. Okay.


All right. So yeah, My money's my money and Yeah. Handle. How long have you guys, how long have y all been married? Five years. Okay. How are you feeling about that? Do you like how that is? Or would you rather say, Hey, we're a team in this and all together we're like working towards our future together with investing and we, we know what's going on, We're okay with working together. I'm sure he'd be okay with that too. Okay, Good. I think you should work towards it. I mean, the truth is, for a couple of reasons. A just practically, when both people are working together to accomplish one goal, you go faster and there's not much confusion. It's, this is what we're working towards and we're all pushing towards that same thing.


And then there's just the, the relational, spiritual side of you're married and so you're one in all of these other areas. And so Does he, yeah. Sorry, Jade, does he have debt? Katie, do you even know? Yes. Yes. How much does he have? Mm. Too much for me to handle. Oh, Okay. Interesting. So is that why you like it separate? Because his feels overwhelming to you? Yes. Okay. We don't, we really, I don't wanna hear about who that's a, it's hard to say. Yeah. Financial struggle. No, you're good. Katie. Katie, do you, do you care to stay on the line and we can, we're, we have to go to a break right now, but I'd love to.


Okay. Keep talking if that's okay. Okay. Do you, are you okay if we hold you over to the next break? Yes. Okay. Thanks Katie. Katie, you stay on the line. We have a hard break right now, but we'll be back and unpack some more of this 'cause I think this is a great, I appreciate yeah, to be able to help her. And for you all, this is where a lot of people are in America from a financial perspective. So we'll be back.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Alright. Hey, it's that time of year when it's getting a little colder. It's getting dark earlier and sometimes we just wanna stay inside and get cozy. For me, the perfect night at home when I'm trying to be cozy is me and my whole family under a bunch of big blankets. Watching the TV show or reading a book, whatever your perfect night in looks like, therapy can feel a bit like that. A time when you can settle in, get cozy, replenish your energy and take care of yourself. Therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort, especially during the chaos and rush of the holiday season or any other time of year. Taking the time to pause and be mindful is one of the reasons I recommend BetterHelp. BetterHelp is a hundred percent online therapy with licensed therapists. You can talk with your therapist just about anywhere so it's convenient for your schedule. Just fill out a short online survey to get matched with a therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no extra cost. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash delony to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/delony.


Hey guys, it's Rachel Cruz. And guess what? It's my favorite time of year. The lights, the music, the decorations. I mean I Love it all. And as a natural spender like myself, it's really easy to overspend And I wanna do all the things and give my family the kind of holidays they'll always remember. And at the same time, I don't wanna look back at my bank account in January and think, oh, what did I do? So that's why I use the EveryDollar budgeting app. It helps me plan for all of my spending and that's what a budget is. Then once I have my plan in place, I don't have to worry about overspending. I am free to spend guilt free and have fun doing it. Plus, with EveryDollar you can customize your budget however you want. So whether it's buying gifts, hosting dinners, or even turning your living room into a winter wonderland and EveryDollar helps you plan for it all. So you guys go out and create some great holiday memories with your family without the stress of overspending. Download the EveryDollar app for free today. Go download it today.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. We have Katie on the line from Dallas from the last segment, and Katie was telling us she has $47,000 saved, $24,000 in debt, which was car and credit cards. And she was wondering initially when she called in about how to invest and how to pay off debt and not just let that money sit there 'cause she wants to make progress. And as we kind of were digging into to the numbers in her situation, kind of unpacking the relational side of money and marriage and money is so closely related when you are married, working together with your spouse and being on the same team is a crucial part. But also we know on the other end it's one of the leading causes of fights and tension and divorce and conflict.


And when you're not on the same page and when and when you live kind of separate lives financially. And as we were unpacking with Katie a little bit, that's what we've kind of started to discover is where they are from a relational standpoint when it comes to their money. Katie, is that a good overview? Would you change any of that or add anything? Oh gosh, that was unexpected. Yes. You've definitely unpacked it. We unpacked it. Yeah. So before we were getting off the call, we just kind of asked and, And I feel like you, it kind of struck some emotion in you of knowing that you guys don't work together, but yet he has a lot of debt and you said it was just too much debt for you to even want to handle or to face. Is that right?


Yeah, my parents, they, they, they got divorced because of money. Ah. So that's a big fear. So that's kind of the background. My husband, He is, he has let some, a few credit cards go to collections recently, as soon as my daughter was born. He just, he's been underwater for what feels like a long time. Probably two years already. And if I mention this, you're gonna say sell it. Well tell us The truck. It's the truck. He has 11,000 left on it, but it's these monthly payments of $600.


But he, he wants to be free from. Okay. Okay. What other debt does he have? What's the credit? The credit cards and collections? What are, what are those amount to do? You know? I I wanna say roughly it's 7,000. Okay. Okay. Anything else? Now you've opened my eyes not no, not that I know of. Maybe I need to have a discussion with him. I, I think so because don't get me wrong, I, I I hate debt And I don't like any amount or form of debt. But I was again expecting for you to say like, he's got $200,000 a, like I was expecting something way more astronomical.


And when you told us, hey, yeah, he's got $18,000 of debt, I kind of just was like, oh, okay, cool. Like we can pay that off. And he's working, right? Yes, He is. Okay, let me dig deeper. Okay. I just, it just came in. So he has, we have this watercraft boat. Okay. It is under both of our names, but he takes financial responsibility for it. And the balance is 11,000. Okay. So there's another 11 K. Okay. What Else? So anything else Aside from his truck, the car and the few credit cards? There is nothing else. So A truck and a car, Sorry, the, the truck and the boat.


Okay. Truck and the boat. So we're 28,000. How much, how much is the boat worth? Do you know? No idea. Okay. Okay. We, We haven't looked into it. It's very precious. Yeah. Okay. What did I don haven't even And does he have any money saved in his name? No. No. Okay. So, okay, so Katie, I think what this starts to open up and what you're feeling, and correct me if I'm wrong, but it is touching every security insecurity part of your story and in your life, like you've done everything you can to stock money away, even taking out credit cards and, and spending over here.


But just knowing the safety of money has been a lifeline for you and probably coming out of a lot of pain from your parents' experience. And you've done everything to safeguard yourself, right? Against, I would say against debt. But what's funny is you've taken on some debt, right? So there is still a level of risk there, but you've padded yourself with the savings and it's kind of become your lifeline. Yes. And you're gripping onto that and letting go of that is one of the scariest things for you to do. Would that be correct? Yes. Yeah. Which is very understandable, Katie. Very understandable. And So I want you to, as much as you can, 'cause with money, emotions drive so much of this.


And the more logical we can get, the safer I think you're gonna feel with some of these decisions. And one of the first steps I would do is sit down with him because I don't know his, I'm not on the phone with him And I can't ask him these questions. I don't know where he's at. If He is at a place, Katie, that he's like, I'm so overwhelmed, I'm so mad at myself. Right? He is probably not feeling great about himself. And it's like, I wanna change, I wanna turn this around. That's, that's one scenario. A scenario. I would have a red flag and cause you to pump the brakes a little bit on all of this. If he's like, I don't care, I don't care, Katie, I'm gonna do what I want. And we get those calls too with some guys that are like, well he wants to buy the truck, he doesn't care, he's gonna buy it. And we're we're, you know, we can't make the payment, but he doesn't care.


Right? So like that is a character issue. If it's that, would you say it's kind of the first scenario or the second? I'm pretty sure he'll call the show tomorrow. No, not tomorrow. Tomorrow Saturday he'll Talk. Okay, good. Yeah. But so he's more of on the fir on that first, you know, scenario you would say He is all for It. Okay. Okay. So Katie, okay, I, I just, I wanna encourage you that you're, this is all good, right? Like I, I know you feel overwhelmed and we're gonna walk you through a very clear plan right now. So the first thing I want you to do is you guys together tonight, you can open a bottle of wine if you need like, just a good sip of some order pizza.


Yes. Whatever you gotta do to relax and say, okay, together we're gonna look at everything we're getting out our pay sub stubs. We're, we're gonna know exactly. 'cause when I asked you how much money you guys make a year, you said, I think around six, like I want you to know to the dollar, here's what we make combined. Here's every debt. We're gonna write it out and we're gonna know everything here. And we're going to tonight shake hands and say we are now a team together. No longer are we roommates, ven, mowing each other for the mortgage. No. Screw all of that. No. We are one our income, when our income hits our new checking account that we're gonna open on Monday morning when our income hits that account together, we are working as a team.


Because when you do that, Katie, not only from an emotional perspective, does it create so much unity and so much of a more beautiful marriage. 'cause you see yourselves as one, which is what you do when you choose to get married to live life with another person. You're, you're living that out on a tactical sense with your money. So that's such a beautiful part of it. And then together, tactically, as you start to trust each other in this, you're gonna have this cleaned up. Katie, I would sell the boat immediately, but then by Monday you guys can take this 47,000 and this is gonna scare you. But I would pay off all, I would keep a thousand and, and, and you would have, you have I think 42,000 if you, if you don't count the boat. 'cause I want that sold that right? You're gonna pay off everything else.


Okay? And so you're gonna have $5,000 left and you guys together are gonna have a goal. I would say to save up probably, I don't know, 26, 20 7,000 for an emergency fund. Yeah. And you're gonna, that's your next goal together, Katie, is to work to, to buff up that emergency fund. Okay? And that's gonna take you guys, you know, maybe the next eight, nine months, 10 months to do all of that for that emergency fund. But together, that's gonna be your goal for 2025 together doing this, getting rid of the payments, we're done with payments. And now you're gonna have your full income to be putting towards this emergency fund.


What? I Saved 5,000 left. What'd you say? 5,000 Left. Yeah, I would have 5,000 left. So I'm paying off my two credit cards. Yes. I'm paying off my car. Yes. Selling the boat. And you suggested paying off the truck? Yes. Oh gosh. That's scary. Is it scary 'cause of what's gonna be left? The 5,000 or it's scary. Yeah. That you're paying off his debt. That's, That's scary. You know what might make it less scary? If I were you, I'd calculate up all the monthly payments I'd calculate what you're paying in car payments, what you're paying in credit card payments, what he's paying in credit card payments, what he's paying in boat payments and what you're paying in truck payments.


Add up all that money. And when you see that, that you're gonna have that back, that's right back every single month. I think that's gonna make you feel less scared. 'cause that's a lot. That's a hefty chunk. You Have a lot of your income Katie leaving and a lot of it's gonna be coming back to you. And you'll be able to build this emergency fund up back very, very quickly. And then beyond that, you can start investing. Hold on, stay on the line Katie and Emily's gonna pick up and we're gonna put you guys through Financial Peace University. It's our nine lesson course and give you EveryDollar premium. So when you guys start looking at numbers today, you can start building out your first budgets. Thanks for the call Katie. We're cheering you guys on.


Hey guys, Dave RAMSEY here. I'm coming to a city near you with Dr. John Delony on the Money and Relationships Tour. This is a brand new event where you, the audience will get to vote Live From your seats and choose the things you want me and John to talk about. You'll be picking from over 20 topics that impact your life, like saving for the future, leaving a legacy, money, stress, and marriage, and so much more. We're getting real and digging in deep on the things that are important to you. And you never know what might happen when me and John get candid. It's an event unlike anything we've ever done before. And it's gonna be a whole lot of fun. We'll be kicking it off in Louisville on April 21st, 2025, and then stopping in Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth and Phoenix in April and May. Prices are the lowest they'll ever be right now, so don't wait. Grab your tickets at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


All right, Christmas is almost here. And if you are still buying gifts for people on your list, buy them a gift that actually will create change, kind of a positive gift that they can use beyond Christmas. And we have almost 30% off some of our bestselling products in the RAMSEY store. If you go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store, you can check it out there. The Total Money Makeover, building a non-anxious Life, breaking free from Broke, all these bestselling books are 30% off. And also the Questions for Humans Deck are just $12. And that's the couples friends and parents and kids editions. So there's a a lot there you guys at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store. The Christmas deals, they're ending soon 'cause Christmas is right around the corner. So again, give a gift that can create some change in people's lives that, that you love.


All right, we're gonna go to John in Midland, Texas. Hey John, welcome to the show. Hi guys, thanks for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, so I'm an hourly employee and I have an irregular income and so I've really kind of been struggling with a budget in the past. And I found out the other day that with my employer, I can set my paycheck to go into different accounts. So would it be a bad idea to basically set up to where I'm like a salary employee, like I have $2,000 or whatever every paycheck go into like my, my working account, my my daily account, and then everything extra goes into like a high yield for a house or do you have any other advice for something like that?


So in essence, you're saying you don't need all of the money that you're being paid and so you wanna throw it towards another goal? That's really the, the question. It's not really the difficulty of budgeting it, right? Yes. I I guess whenever I just look at my whole paycheck with it being different month to month, I don't know why. It just doesn't click with like, okay, I have this random amount of money left over. And So I, I guess that's kind of what I'm trying to overcome. Okay. So just again, to clarify, are you having trouble budgeting? Like, are you, are you ever finding that you don't have enough money? No. Okay, cool. No, then Yeah, I, I live very frugally. I love that.


Essentially you're saying I I am BI am I have enough money for the line items in my budget, but I have an overage. And for you, the overage, you feel like you're at the point that you wanna save for a down Payment? Yes. And so then at that point, for, for Rachel And I to decipher is whether you're at that point financially, if that is really the best move for you or not. Okay. So our first questions would be, do you have any debt? No, I actually paid off all my debt in September. Okay, nice. So I amm completely debt free. Cool. I make about a hundred thousand dollars a year. Okay. Part of paying off my debt was I got a large settlement from my previous employer for a sale.


So I have about 60,000 of that leftover in savings. Okay. Some of that is gonna be taxes though. Okay. And then, you know, I'm contributing right now 10% to retirement because I am trying to save for a house. So that's kind of where I'm at. Okay. So the 60 per the 60,000 you got, you know, you set the taxes aside. That's fine. What portion of that would you consider a three to six month emergency fund? Probably, I mean, really probably 15 would be generous. Okay. So I, I'd be, that'd be more towards 6,000 or six months. I mean. Okay.


So I'd set aside what you would consider six months of expenses, and that's kind of separate. And then aside from that, yeah, you could consider the rest. This is my working pile of debt payment money. And then for you, and just to clarify, for anybody listening, so technically you're on baby step three B and step four and what you're doing is totally fine. If you say I'm not ready to go all in on 15% investing, like we'd say because you're saving for a down payment, that's totally fine. Okay. How long do you think it'll take you to save up the down payment that you want? Well, I'm just trying to save up big, I guess I know that in August I'll be getting a retention bonus as well.


Okay. So I, that should be about half a year salary. So between that and then another $1,500 a month or so going into savings, I, I would assume by the end of next year I will be in a comfortable spot to do, you know, 30 or 40% down on a home. Okay, great. I I love that plan. I think that, that sounds wonderful. The only thing that I would caution you about, and this is something that you, I, if I were in your shoes, I'd work it into the plan. Now when you have that Okay. House, like once you buy the house, your expenses are gonna go up, is my guess. Right? I don't know what you're sure what you're doing now. Are you renting? I am. I am renting Right now. Okay.


So calculate, okay. Is, is my payment gonna go up or down? Does that affect my emergency fund? Does that affect what I would need to make things sustainable over three to six months? Do you see what I'm saying? Okay. Yes. Yes ma'am. And that's, that's basically it. Congrats. Yeah. I mean, you've done a fabulous job, John. I mean, it's incredible. I mean, yeah, I think that that's exactly right. And if you wanna make it easy and make it that automatic transfer to a money market account or a high yield savings account to save for that down payment, I would say. Yeah, absolutely. You know, there's always, you know, I don't feel this with you, that's why I just wanna say it out loud though. There is something, when you're starting something new, you all that are listening and watching and you're starting to build new habits, I do think being as hands-on as possible and going through the motions is really important.


Yes. And so some people just wanna automate it their whole life and be like, oh, I don't wanna have to like feel anything. It's just gonna happen. There is something about stepping in and saying, no, no, no, I'm gonna transfer the money myself. So I'm practicing and seeing this happen. And there's something about taking control and this discipline over your actions, which is a big part of winning with money long term. But John, I think you, you have some of these disciplines already in place. It's not like you're trying to change something big from your habits. It's more of a tactical change. And so doing something automatic at that point, I think is great. Right. When you can Yeah. When you have stuff that just automatically comes out because you know, yeah, we're, we're paying for electricity or we're paying for cable, like, yes. And it's just coming and it's making my life easier. And that way that's a benefit for sure.


And that would be the same with savings. So if you do wanna create an automatic, you know, transfer and, and knowing that that high yield savings, you can get to that money for some reason. Right. If you lose the job or like whatever it is. Sure. You know, you can get to that money, but Yeah. But that's great. John, how old are you? I'm 25. Okay. Oh, Way to go. And what do you do for a living? I'm a lease manager. I work for an oil and gas company out here. Okay, okay. That's great. I know it's always encouraging talk to people in their, when they're young and in their twenties, so, and you're making Yeah. I mean, incredible money doing it so, and handling it really well. So that's incredible. John, good luck to you. I think that that's, yeah, that's amazing. Way to Go.


I liked what you said about the automating 'cause I think that's Yes. Very, very important. Yes, for sure. All right, let's see. We got, oh, this is a fun Instagram handle. Okay, you ready for this? Yeah. Jacuzzi 1 0 1. Okay. You like good time. What point should my adults' children's finances be? None of my business. Oh, I'm gonna go with that. The point they're adults, so probably now since they're adult children. Yeah. I mean, let's think about this. If they're in your home, like if you have adult children that live in your home, I would say that it's some of your business because they're still in your living space.


Right. But if they don't live with you, if they are out on their own and in their life or in their marriage, I'd say that it's none of your business unless they ask for your help. That's right. Yeah. This is always a, a tricky one. 'cause you hear parents still wanting to be involved in their kids' decision making. Yeah. And, and probably some of it out of a good heart, right? Of course. Seeing kids maybe making mistakes or making decisions that you wouldn't make and you want to still be the parent in that way and intervene. But I feel like the, the more life I've lived, Jade, the more successful relationships I see with parents and adult children happen when they start to become more peers.


Yeah, yeah. Right. When you step into adulthood and your parents actually see you as in fellow adult and they're still not trying to parent you. That's very good. Or lecture you and they see you as a peer, usually from the people that I've seen in my life that have great relationships with their parents, it's because of that. There's kind of this mutual respect and the ones where there's usually tension when it's like, oh God, my dad's still telling me how to load the truck or my dad, you know what I mean? Or my mom is still critiquing this or that or like, you know, whatever it is. That's usually relationally when there's some, some tension. So I'd say None of your business. Yeah. But it goes Both ways because a lot of times kids try to get into the parents' Business too. That's so true. Yes. That's so true. I don't like the way my mom and dad handle their money.


You know what I mean? People call in with that all the time. That's so, and if they don't ask, not much you can do to change other people. You really can't. Really can't. Well, thanks to all the guys in the booth for making this a great hour. Jade, thank you as always, always being a great co-host. Thanks to everyone out in the lobby at Ramsey Solutions and thank you America. We'll see you on The Ramsey Network app podcast and YouTube. Make sure you guys download the app so we'll see you next.


What up? What up? It's Dr. John Delony from The Dr. John Delony Show with some amazing news. The latest episode of United States of Anxiety is available right now exclusively on The Ramsey Network app. This docuseries follows real people from my show as they embark on a 90 day journey to transform their lives. And I personally walk alongside them every step of the way. Okay, now here's a sneak peek of what the new episode is all about. And don't forget to click the link in the show notes to download the app. What's up Kelsey? So I've lived with crippling anxiety for as long as I can remember. How do I stop it from constantly coming up? Constantly up in different areas of my life? What does crippling anxiety mean? Paint me a picture of that. All right, so you ready to jump in? I'm ready to jump in. We're gonna check in with Kelsey. 30 days, 60 days, 90 days. I cannot even function because I am just crying. My mom Left us when I was four. I truly felt like for a while I had no family. She's Experiencing things that really hurt a long time ago. Tell me about this boy. He triggers me a lot. Scared of losing Paul, scared of doing the wrong thing. Scared of not being enough. It just feels like it would be exhausting to be Kelsey. It is. Whenever somebody's playing whack-a-mole with their anxiety, when it just keeps moving, that tells me the underlying system's not okay. How do I get my inner child out of this relationship? 'cause I feel like she's running the show. One of two people that's supposed to never leave took off. I was this, I was this burden. You burden that's right to the one person who should carry it. All of it. Did you ever tell that little girl that it wasn't her fault? I don't know what to do. Do you either have to choose to let this guy love you or you gotta choose to let this guy go.