
Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with my good friend and bestselling author, Jade Warshaw, and we are answering your questions. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. We'll talk career relationships, money, anything and everything. So give us a call. We're gonna start off this hour with Chris in Dayton, Ohio. Hey Chris, welcome to the show. Hi. Thank you for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? So my wife and I recently had our first child.


She is a daughter, which is Congratulations. Awesome, thank you. And my parents live in Columbus, Ohio, which is about an hour and a half away. And naturally they would like to see us and their grandchild more. We are looking to upsize our home and we were looking in the Dayton area originally because cost of living, we can afford it. They then offered to give us an additional, the, the difference between the prices of the home in Dayton to Columbus. That would go towards our down payment, making it affordable. If we moved to Columbus, that sounded good. It would be a gift, not like a loan.


But then they mentioned that they would have to make it even and change the will slightly. So that money was even with my siblings. Sure, sure. So I got an extra a hundred thousand, my brother would get a hundred thousand on the will, et cetera. Yeah. So then I started looking it as like a interest free loan against myself in the future. You're saying, because you're saying because if you had received it as inheritance, you would've done what with it? Well, it's not that I would've received it as inheritance, I would've done anything with it. It's just that it, it looks like I'm borrowing from my inheritance, which is weird 'cause my wife and I have worked really hard not to be in debt at all. Well, I wouldn't think of it as borrowing. You're just getting a piece of it earlier.


Yeah. For something that you want to spend it on. It's not a loan. Okay, So you, So you think that's fine then? I do, yeah. I, it feels like a gift. Very much so. And as long as, are your parents in a good financial situation to Give you this cash and it not hurt them? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They are. Listen, I hope that one day, I mean one day I will be there when my kids buy a house and I'll be like, here's a, some cash to put to put towards your down payment. That's what I plan to do with Sam. And so I don't think there's anything wrong with this. If it's a place that you wanna be, it keeps the, the payment where you had it originally. I, I, I mean Rachel, yeah. Do you see anything? For Sure. No, not at all.


I mean, I mean, and if again, you trust there no strings attached, you know that it is a free and clear gift. And what's interesting Chris, there's a book called Die With Zero and it's a really interesting read and one of his takes that majority of people cannot do. A lot of people are not in your appearance position to have the cash flow to do something like this. But he was saying in the book, if you did that actually your kids would benefit more from your money in their twenties and thirties than they would when they're 60 and 70. Absolutely. When they receive the inheritance. So it's actually, I would see it not as borrowing against your inheritance. It's actually putting you in a better position 30, 40 years ahead to get you getting your house paid off that much faster, to invest that much more for your kids.


Does that make sense? Like it almost is a better use of that money the earlier you get it if you do something wise with it, like put it towards real estate. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. And we are in our late twenties, so that kind of checks out there. Yeah. So this is Great. I I love this for you. I feel like this is exactly what it's all about. Yeah. Like it's all about having your money in order so that you're able to put the next generation in a better position. And so this is really money doing, it's doing God's work Doing what it should. Oh, well I hope that helps Chris. And I would say too, you know, to, something to think about for yourself, Chris, is, you know, are you in a position emotionally to be okay with being given money? Because I know Yeah, that's true.


There's a level, you know, not to stereotype, but you know, even some dudes like there, I dunno, there's, there can be something to feel weird of like, oh my gosh, I'm getting helped by my parents. But what I would say to that, again, if the relationship is healthy and good, like put the ego aside, receive the gift. Yeah. Because that's, yeah, I mean I think you're, I think it's fine. I feel like it could definitely feel different if it's, if you're the, I I'm not trying to enforce gender rules on anybody, but I feel like it could feel different if you're the guy and it's like the mother, your your wife's family in law Could be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I feel like it could feel a little Different. There could be difference. Totally. Listen, a gift is a gift, it's a blessing. Yep. That's great Chris. Awesome. Okay, I'm next. We have Catherine in Portland's, Maine. Hey Catherine, welcome to the show.


Hi, thanks for taking my Call. Absolutely. How can we help? So we live in a single income household. I'm a stay at home mom. I do have side hustles, but basically we've been in a like rinse, wash, repeat cycle our entire marriage, four or five years where we are debt free, we are able to save a few hundred dollars every single month. And we're trying to save for a down payment on a house. But pretty much what happens is we either get hit with like, we had my daughter two years ago, So we had a big medical bill or we had to buy a new car, you know, new to us car. But yeah. Yeah.


It's like that savings gets depleted and it basically takes us, you know, a couple years to save up. Yeah. You know, double digit money and then we have to spend it on something big. So I just see that happening again in the next couple years. Like we have our cars. But when I look at saving for down payment, I think it's gonna take at least five to seven years, maybe longer. And I'm looking at our cars and I'm like, well we're gonna need to buy a car. Yeah. By then, I mean what you're talking about, just Advice on how to do that. What you're talking about is so common. Whether it's saving up for a down payment, Rachel, or if it's just I, I'm trying to get three to six months saved, whatever it is, I find that when your income is low, you've gotta do something that's gonna create momentum so that you can like build up that speed to get over that wave.


Right. And so for you guys, it might look like building up income, working extra for a season so that you can really get past those hurdles that you see and kind of get that, that footing under you. Because the truth is all the things that you're talking about, I mean that is life, right? Cars break down, it's time to replace the, you know, having babies. Yeah. Having babies. I mean all of that is just kind of part and partial to life. And when you have a lower income, you're right, it does it, it feels like two steps forward, one step back. Right. So you're going very slowly and I challenge you to say where, where is an area that you can pick up work? I mean, you said you're a stay at home mom, it sounds like you have a 2-year-old. What could you do to add to the income?


What could your husband do due? Yeah, I mean he's working overtime. I have side hustles, especially working. How much you guys making a year? Catherine pay for About 65,000. Okay. And then, yeah, the other question is where you're renting now, what percentage of your income? 'cause it could look like, okay, we're gonna sacrifice where we're renting now. Maybe we go to a smaller place and that frees up enough margin that we can get this done a lot faster. So I would just challenge you to look at some of those areas that maybe you thought were untouchable. Because we all have those areas that we kind of like hold close. That's like, I'm not changing, you know, this is my apartment, we're comfortable here. I'm not moving or this is my schedule.


It works for me. I'm not changing it. And unfortunately a lot of times our opportunity rests in those areas where we're comfortable. Yeah. So let me ask this too. So in like the baby step list, it says, so I sorry Catherine, you're good. You're good. Go ahead. I'm sorry. And the baby step listed says that like you pay off your debt and then you start investing in retirement. So like my husband and I, the, he works for the state and because of that he has to opt into like the state retirement system. Yeah. And we're like, okay, so we're Okay.


So sorry Catherine, I'm gonna have to put you on hold 'cause we're about to hit a hard break. Yeah. So yeah, if it, if it is dictated to you, then cut that in half and half of that would go towards your 15%, if that makes sense. So sorry to, to cut you off to get you there, but I hope that helps. Catherine, thanks for the call. For Free Tools and resources to help you reach your home goals, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the show notes.


You know, every year I hear the same excuses for why people don't get the life insurance they need to protect their families. So this year let's clear the air and look at the facts. Most people are concerned about price, but term life rates have never been lower. Having 10 to 12 times your income on a 15 or 20 year plan is in many cases just plain cheap. Second life insurance through your work is not enough, especially since these plans go away. If you change jobs, you need to have your own policy so you're not without protection when your family really needs it. Third, stay at home. Parents need life insurance. Especially those with young kids. People don't realize how quickly the costs add up without someone at home taking care of things. So no more excuses folks. Get the protection your family needs. Go to xandr.com or call 803 5 6 42 82. They've been my choice for all my insurance for over 25 years and are the only people I trust.


Welcome back to The Ramsey Show. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with Jade Warshaw and we are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. Up next we have Richard in Tampa, Florida. Hi Richard, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for taking my call. Absolutely. How can we help? Well, the reason I was calling is I, I, I just recently changed my Fidelity 401k account and, and I've actually brought it up to 75% of my income and we have a military pension and my wife works. And so, but my question is, we recently purchased a brand new motor home and that is our residence.


And so we have no other bills other than than the motor home itself. And we weren't sure whether or not I should be investing like I am into my 4 0 1 KII didn't mention that. I am, I'm 58, I would like to retire at 62 as well as my wife. So we're just a few years out from that and so we're just going, I wanted to get the money into the market as early as I could in this new year. And so we're, you know, I just, I upped it up to 75%. Wow. I wanted to see if that made good sense or not. Sure if it didn't make good sense. How much do you have currently in your retirement? I have 117,000 in my 401k and my wife has about 13,000 in hers.


And, and yeah, I guess that's about it. And then we do have our high yield savings that we're using for, we have money in there for our, our emergency fund. Okay. And The 75% what, what, what does that amount to every single month that you're putting away? Well right now it, I, I haven't seen my payslip, but I'm somewhere in the, in the proximity of 1600 to 1800 every two weeks is going into that. Okay. Okay. And then I'm, I'm getting a paycheck of like $390, close to $400 Okay. On payday. And I put, I put that into the high yield Savings. And then you're using your wife's income for you guys to keep afloat bills and stuff, is that right? And or And the military pension?


That's correct. Okay. And the military pension. Okay. Okay. You know, I'm not mad at a catch up considering your age And you guys wanna retire in the next, you know, four or five, six years. 'cause you don't, I mean, 117,000 won't, won't get you into retirement. So I understand the, the, the aggressive catch Right, right, right. To get there. My only concern, Richard, is do you guys, do you guys own a home as well as having the, the rv? No, we don't. We, we actually sold our house a couple years ago where did, and we located to Tampa. Okay. Where did that money go from the sale of your home? Well, we paid off our car and then we bought another, we bought another camper and we paid cash for that.


So that wiped us out of all that. So we, we became debt free at that point. Okay. And, and so, So I'm just thinking, okay, so my only hesitation is, and again, you can do this later through your investments after you retire, but one thing to consider is that the one line item in your budget going into retirement that we won't stable is housing. And I just wonder if a camper is gonna be literally your housing un until the end of life and, and it probably won't be. So I, I would be thinking towards, we're going to have to buy something very small and inexpensive, but coming out of this retirement savings eventually, and again it may be in 15, 20 years, but think about the market continues to grow, so housing is only gonna get more and more expensive.


So that's my only concern about this plan in general is something that, just to be thinking about that, you know, your primary residence is something that's going down in value in a mobile home. Right. Or in a camper. And you probably aren't gonna live in that, you know, for your, the rest of your life. So I would be putting, so I would be thinking about housing long term. What's Your pension? Right. What will you receive monthly Right now? Well, with disability it comes out to $2,500 a month. Okay. And what do you, at this point in you guys' life, what's kind of that number that makes your budget run? Just kind of your, your normal month to month budget? Yeah, our month to month budget, and this includes putting, we have money that goes to our grandkids, we save for them and then we also have a extra that my wife has out of the budget, but it's 50, like around $5,500.


But that also, out of that there's, there's 800 of it that goes into savings. Okay. Just into savings. So it, it actually could be a lot earn, It'd be like 4,800 maybe, or 4,600 Less. Yeah. Something like that. Okay. That's about what it cost to operate. So. Okay. And that includes the, the, the payment of the motor home. And we do use the, we do use the EveryDollar. We're religious about that. We love that app. So what's the motor home payment? 13, $1,300 a month. Okay. Yeah, I agree 100% with Rachel. Unless you guys have decided that this is just your way of life forever And you have just given the finger to home ownership.


I agree with what Rachel is saying. I think you do wanna stabilize that And you probably wanna get into something that you, not only that you can afford right now, but you'll be able to afford in the long run if you're income changes, if you stop working, that sort of thing. And So you guys have a lot to think of here because 2,500, while it's a stable amount that'll be coming, it's not very much Right and Right. Right. I do wanna, I mean at this rate, if you keep saving at the rate that you're saving, yeah, you'll be close to a million, a little less eight 50 maybe. And so I see why you're trying to kind of speed that process up. Now is the time that I'd be putting the pedal to the metal and bringing in as much income as I possibly could to save up not only for a down payment, but keep investing that 15% and get this thing done.


So you, are you saying that you would recommend that I I back off my contribution or would you leave it at 75 and go, or are you saying Well I just don't see how you're gonna be able to, to save up for a down payment on a secure home at 75% do, unless you see a way that I don't see No, no. I I I, I get it. I agree with you. I just, I wasn't sure whether or not I needed to back down my, my contribution to the, my Fidelity account and then, and then go aggressive. I, you know, I have contemplated that, but I think, You know what I mean, you could, you could do up to your catch up contribution, which is still not gonna be 75% I don't think. What's in the, what's in the high yield savings? What do you have in there?


We have a 14,000 in that. Okay. So that's a, that, I mean, what is that six months of expenses? Is that five months? What is that? That's, that's probably about five months. Okay. So I'd keep that just like that and yeah, I mean it's really gonna be you balancing how much, how much do we need to save for a home and then doing kind of working backwards and saying, okay, this is what we need to save. How long will it take? And at this savings rate, and then you say, that takes too long. Let's, you know, come back further. Truly if you're walking the baby steps, truly what you would do is you would back it all the way down to 15%, save up for that down payment And you would start like knocking away at that home payment before you upped your, you know, fidelity contribution.


Contribution contribution. Yeah. And how much is left on the camper debt wise? Well, we, we just bought it. We've only had it for about three months. So it's, it's, it was expensive. We have about 150,000 left on that. Okay. Yeah. The problem is what, what Rachel and I are asking you to do, you're kind of investing on two ends. You've got your, you know, retirement fidelity investment, but when you buy a house, that's also investment. It's something that's going up in value. So while it may feel like you're pulling away from your 401k or Fidelity investment, you're actually kind of diversifying in that way, whereas now you're putting money into something that's going down in value and do you see what I'm saying? So Rachel and I are giving you two income tracks as opposed to just one.


Yeah, that makes good sense. I like that. Alright, I hope that helps, Richard, thanks so much for the call. Yeah, thank you for taking My, yeah, yeah. Thank you so much. That's good guidance. I, I, I appreciate It. Absolutely. Well, thanks so much. And you know, and, and when we talk about that you should not own anything with motors and wheels, that is more than half of your annual income. Yeah. You know, Richard's going against that, but that this is where he is primary living, which again, from a long term we, I don't recommend because unlike real estate, if you go and buy, you know, a two bedroom condo somewhere, it's gonna go up in value that's right where a camper is going down. And so to put all your eggs in that basket at this age, it is scary, Richard.


And so, yeah, I mean, I don't think I realized you owed that much on it. So almost backing down, paying that off or Maybe I, I wouldn't pay it off. I just, I think they need to get into a house sooner than later, like as quickly as they Can afford it. Or even sell, selling the camper and realizing and renting. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. There's some, some options to look at. Well, thanks Richard again for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


Okay. Here's the hard truth. Your investment dollars could be winding up in the pockets of companies that hold positions you don't agree with. People are unknowingly putting money into tech giants and household brands that don't match up with their core values. But here's good news. Timothy Plan is at the forefront of biblically responsible investing. That means Timothy Plan uses a strategy that lets investors chase competitive returns while staying rock solid in their beliefs. So if you're ready to invest with a clean conscience, it's time to check out Timothy plan request information@timothyplan.com to learn more. Or contact your financial advisor today to see if Timothy plan is right for you. Timothy plan.com Investing includes risk, including possible loss of principle. Before investing carefully consider a fund's investment objective, risk charges and expenses contained in the prospectus or summary prospectus available@timothyplan.com. Read carefully before investing. Mutual funds distributed by Timothy Partners, LTD and ETFs distributed by Foresite Fund services LLC


With the last caller. We were talking about real estate and what that looks like to start saving up towards a home. And you guys, when it comes to buying and selling your home, there's a lot of decisions. It can feel very overwhelming, but you don't have to go that through that process alone. We created Ramsey's Real Estate Home base. So this is a place with so many resources and tools like calculators start to finish, guides, how to articles, a podcast, a book, a video course, like everything around the subject of real estate because again, buying and selling it can just, it can be an overwhelming process. And the more information you have that you understand and you know, the more clarity you're gonna have walking into that, which is huge. Like you, you wanna be armed with so much information before you go and buy or sell your home. So make sure to check it out at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate or click the link in the description if you're watching on YouTube or listening on podcast, because if you need some Next Steps towards your home buying or home selling process, make sure to check it out. One of my favorite things on it is the dashboard. They have the US housing market trends and they keep it updated and it's just constantly kind of a kind of a pulse of what's going on with interest rates, median house home prices in America, total days on the market, how many homes are for sale around the country. I mean, it just kind of gives you the snapshot picture of the real estate market. So again, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate.


Alright, we're going to the phones and we're going to Andrew and oh, Cheyenne, Wyoming, one of my favorite, one of my favorite country songs. Oh, hey Andrew, welcome to the show. Hey, thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Hey, so I'm on, my wife and I were on baby step two and it, it kind of took us a little bit to get there mostly because we've been, we've been pretty sick, both of us for the past few years and we're seeking some medical treatment to hopefully knit this in the bud, hopefully in a, a few short months. But the medical treatment that we're looking at that was recommended by our doc is experimental and it's not covered by insurance.


And the treatment is gonna be between 10 to $30,000. So we're kind of in a position where we, Oh no, are Andrew, are you there, Andrew? Oh no. Oh man, Andrew, we'll Give you one more second. Oh, yep. I, that's a bad line, I think. Yeah, we're going, is this better? Oh, there you are. Oh, you're back. Good. Yes, Sorry. No, you're good. You're good. My phone's a little weird, so Yeah, so I don't know if my wife and I should actually take out a loan or not. We really don't want to, especially since we're getting, Can I ask you, we can Give you out of debt and share as much as, as you feel comfortable, but what's, what's going on healthwise?


We, we were, so we, we got pretty sick from the, the, the home that we were living in. Oh. And so, like, Mold, Mold, it's, it's been, yeah. So it's just been a lot of stuff that's been going on where a lot of the treatments have been not either FDA approved or treatments that have been getting us better. We we're, we are better, but it's, it's just been a really long process. So the last time we talked with our doctor, he said that we should try and do like a hyperbaric treatment, which seems great, you know, he's had great, really great success with it. But the only problem is that the, the payment has to be upfront and so that's, that's the only issue.


And insurance into insurance. This is obviously something more in like in a natural bent I'm assuming. So insurance isn't gonna cover it. Yeah, No insurance won't cover it. Tell Me, just health wise, are you guys able to, are you able to work, are you able to function? Like, how are you guys, you said you're doing better. I'm just trying to get a gauge Yeah. About how urgent this, this is for you guys. Yeah, So, So we are better and we are both working right now. We make about, I wanna say close to 70 or $80,000 right now a year. Okay. The, you know, the only problem with this is that the, the longer we put it off, the worse it'll get. Sure. And so it just, What's your margin every month?


Like what are you right now putting towards dead and baby step two that you could put potentially towards saving up for this or doing one at a time? I believe it's, Yeah, we're able to put close to $600 or so a month into debt. And how much debt do you guys have Right now? We have about, I wanna say about $20,000 in student loan debt and then about 50,000 in a, in a business loan. Okay. Okay. Man, this is so hard 'cause I do feel like they're just from my own ex, not my own experience, but people within my close circles of friends and family, even that I know, you know, when you get something it's like autoimmune or mold or whatever that it, it, it can end up feeling Andrew, like there's always something else we have.


Like there's a long line of things that are continual. And so what I, you know, always just think about and kind of caution is I would number one, maybe get a second opinion. I'm sure you know your doctor well and trust them, but you know what I mean, we're talking about 10 to $30,000. Right. I mean, if it was $2,000, that's one thing, but I mean you're, you're talking, you know, five figures going in with treatments and so Is that a piece or all In That would be for us combined. Okay. That would, I mean, And is this ongoing pretty sure or is it kind of a one time, Lord willing to be, it'd be just a one time like, you know, one, one to two months worth of treatment.


So it'd be okay. You know, 2020 sessions is like, is about $10,000 on the high end. So. Okay. We, we hope to be done in about a month. Okay. So you know what, what I would probably do, because again, I feel like this can sometimes feel like a never ending Yeah. Cycle. I would, I would. And because it's not a, and I know you're, you guys are saying I don't wanna downplay it all the sickness. I'm sure it's just miserable, but it's not a life or death. Like okay I have to save my child right now. You know, there's a, you know, like it's not this, I see what you're, it's not an urgency, but it is something for the betterment of your health you want. So what, you know, what I would probably strive to do is whatever I could to get, 'cause 10 to 30 is a big range.


So I would get as close to that 10 and I would talk, negotiate doctor's bill. I mean I would do whatever I could to get it down to that 10. And you guys are sa you know, I would work to save a thousand a month. I would be okay right now 'cause it is a health issue maybe to pause the debt snowball, stay current on your bills. But I would bump that 600 a month up to a thousand thousand and say for 10 months and then starting October, November, Andrew, start this treatment. And then hopefully by this time next year you're through it, you're done. And then press play on the baby steps And maybe one of you goes at a time to see if it's helpful. Oh, That's a good point. Yes. You know, I know you're two different bodies with two different sets of, you know, but that might be a good way to say, listen, I did it, it did nothing for me, or I did it and it really, really helped. That might Give you some confidence going into the next treatment.


That good point too. It's just a thought like, I don't know what you're facing. I don't know if it's headaches or every time you eat you, you know, whatever it is. If it's something that's truly debilitating. But if it's just, and again, I'm not, I don't wanna downplay it either, but if it's something that's more of an annoyance that you're learning to live through that gives you, you know, there's a little bit more timeline there to get This done. Yeah, for sure. And the sense too that, you know, you don't wanna prolong it too long 'cause like what you're saying, you know, it can come back and get worse unless you have this treatment. So getting to it, right, a level of urgency, but it's also not like we have to do this next month. The only option is a loan and we're done. Like yeah, if you can and it's not debilitating 'cause you guys are working and all of that.


I would, yeah, I would find something 'cause I and I would cash flow. And, and the other thing Andrew, that's interesting is when you are working with cash, even when we're talking about, you know, health situations, it does force you, this is why I like cash forces you to look at other options, other decisions like Sell something. Yeah. There, There's, there's just other parts of your brain of problem solving versus with debt it's like, here's a chunk of money, this is all we're gonna do. We don't really have to pit the brain power to think through other things. It's just here. But when you're paying with cash and you're working and saving hard, like, I don't know, it just, it it forces other things to come to the surface of other options and choices. That's also true. But yeah. So again, I'm so sorry. That is, that's very tough.


That's stuff that is like, and that's, and that has been, I don't know, I don't know if you've or I've just had people and it's like, you, you go to the next thing and then it flares up again. I don't, it just feels like, it's like whack-a-mole a little bit sometimes with different things. So I do want you guys to get that treatment, but, but because it's not, it's not life or death right? In this moment. I would, I would calm down. I mean, you know, I would, I would pause a little bit and save up for it. Ooh, That's difficult. I remember when Sam and I were getting out of debt. This was before the days of Obamacare And you had to have insurance or else you were pen penalized. We didn't have insurance. And one day he was pulling our luggage out of the back of the Jeep and it got caught on his finger and he broke his finger. Oh no.


And we didn't have insurance. And I was like, listen, head over to Walgreens. Tape it up, tap up, fingers It up. It's crooked to this day. And you know, he plays Instruments. It wasn't good. Take care of yourself. Take care of yourselves. Get that insurance. This is The Ramsey Show.


Hey y'all, it's Rachel Cruz. Just about everything costs more these days. And I unfortunately healthcare is no exception. So if you're looking at your healthcare options during open enrollment and finding that your costs are increasing while your number of choices are decreasing, be sure to check out Christian Healthcare Ministries. CHM is not health insurance. It's a biblically based health cost sharing ministry that's helped hundreds of thousands of families just like yours cover nearly $10 billion in healthcare costs with no networks and the freedom to choose your healthcare provider. CHM is an affordable option that aligns with your values and makes it possible for your family to save on healthcare. Plus you can join at any time, including open enrollment. You guys, CHM has been helping RAMSEY fans for 15 years and they're the only health cost sharing provider endorsed by RAMSEY. So you can trust CHM to take care of you. Like we would. Programs start as low as $98 a month. So find out more and join today at ch ministries.org/budget. That's ch ministries.org/budget.


Welcome Back to The Ramsey Show. Up next we have Mikayla in Kansas City, Missouri. I'm Mikayla, welcome to the show. Hi, can you hear me right? Yes, we can. How can we help? Hi. So I have a kind of indirect financial question, if you will. Not necessarily about my finances, but a conversation I would like to have about finances in my family. Okay. So just a little bit about my situation. I am 22 years old. I'll be turning 23 on Sunday this upcoming week. Oh, happy early birthday.


Thank you. From 2021 to 2024 is when I cured all of my debt to around 30,000. Okay. And so my question is, I would like to, I've been taking care of it since September of last year to now, which originally was 30, 37,000 plus. But since then I've taken care about seven to eight grand of it so far. Good for you. That's great. My Thank, thank you. My concern though is that while I cured this debt, neither of my parents know anything about it or about my financial situation.


Worked about Did They support you financially in any way? So yes and no. My father, he doesn't live with us, but he, he is supportive of me. If I were to need some financial situation or some financial help, he would. Mm. And I live with my mother and my grandmother. Okay. But considering how much I make, I make enough where I think I'm okay enough without asking for help. Yes. What caused you to go into the debt if you were in this or were you not in this living situation before? Either way. What caused you to go into the debt?


I, before if you would've asked me that question, I would've made up a lot of excuses. But I'm, I've worked on it enough and made enough accountability to say myself, come 2021, I had kind of moved out from my mother's house and lived with my ex. And so it was through some immature purchases on my end and his end. I had set up a joint account for the both of us. And so he was taking out most of the money between how much we were both earning. And I was the more so the breadwinner compared to what he was making. And I was, I was okay with it.


I would've just liked a heads up 'cause I was working about maybe 60 plus hours a week. And so He was using he was using your Yeah. He was using your money plus going into debt under your name. Yeah. Wow. I was, I was really stupid essentially. No, Mikayla, you're, We all make mistakes. Mistakes Are research. This is not a statement. Yeah. It was just, I was just trying to, more of a clarifying question, making sure I understood the situation. Okay. So my next question is, why do your parents need to know? Well, the reason why is because my mom and I have been talking a lot more and one of my biggest goals for this year is to be more open and honest with the people in my life.


My loved ones, my parents. And I want more instead of like a a child mother relationship. Since I am getting older, I want more of an adult relationship with my mom. Sure. The other two really big concerns are, since I work these two jobs, my mom has been open about like what she sees in me and how they're both physical labor jobs. And so she says how exhausted I look and how tired I look. And the other part is our grandmother lives with us, but she has Alzheimer's and so on top of working two jobs, I try to help my mom as much as I can with my grandmother on top. So are you saying that they're wondering, are you saying that you kind of wanna give them some context as to why you're working so hard at the jobs you're doing?


Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I So don't you tell 'em The, I'm sorry. The other big thing was with everything going on politically, my mom has made it quite known to me how concerned she is about me and my family's wellbeing. And she has said consistently on numerous occasions, if things were to go from push to shove, she would like for us to leave the country and move. Okay, cool. And so listen With, with us, with her bringing that up continuously, having some experiences already. Are you guys from just being genuine?


Do you have a non-US background? Is that what you're saying? Are you concerned about immigration? Is that what you're saying? No. When you say forcely the country, We're African American. Okay. Oh, I, I hear you. Okay. Enough said, here's what I'm thinking, here's what I'm thinking. I get what you were saying earlier. You're talking about a lot of different things. So let's talk about first the financial side of things. A if you wanna give somebody context without giving them a ton of details, that's fine. You can say, listen, I've got some debt I'm trying to pay off. That's why I'm working so hard. If you don't wanna tell them the whole 30,000, hold on Here. You want my here? Do you want some more? Oh, I've got water. Sorry guys. Yeah, I'll, I'll take over for a second.


Thank you. Go ahead. Gimme a, gimme a wave Jade. 'cause she's got some good stuff to say. Yeah, so I, so echoing on what she's saying is that you can have a deep relationship with someone and, and I, and be able to, to kinda share what you're going through of like the struggle of like, oh yeah, you know, I do have some debt I'm trying to pay off. That's why I'm putting in these hours and this is the why behind it. And I do agree. You don't need to walk alone when it comes to your money. So having somebody in your life that has context and knows what's going on, I think is important. It doesn't have to be your parents, and I wouldn't say your parents have to know every detail of your life in order to have a, a close and great relationship. But if you want that peer to peer mentality too, Mikayla, you are your own person as well.


And so if your mom, you know, has, you know, and maybe you share in her fears or not, I don't know, but she can have her own, you know, set mindset of, you know, what's gonna happen for her future or what she thinks may have to happen. But also Makayla, you know, you're 22 years old and So you get to make some decisions and decide for yourself, Hey here's, you know, here, here's the reality of my life too. And just because my mom goes one way, I don't have to go that way either. Unless you do think that. Right. And you may have context in that, which is totally fine, but I do think you are your own standing person at 22. Your parents don't need to know these things. But I understand opening up and wanting them into what's going on with your life I think is great. And if you wanna tell 'em the number, tell 'em the number.


Yeah. Like you didn't, you know, we always say like, debt is not a sin, it's not a salvation issue. That's right. You know That's right. You know, you know, there wasn't some like big moral failure. Yeah, yeah. You made some mistakes. You look back and I'm like, that was stupid with my ex, why did I do that? But listen, we all make mistakes. Like, like things happen in life. Mikayla. So you're 22. Do not beat yourself up about it. I couldn't have said it better myself. Rachel said it while I was in a coughing fit and she covered it lot stock And barrel. I dunno. Jen, you can probably have a lot better more to more to Add. That was it. She covered it. That's exactly it. I won't repeat it, but I think Mikayla, you know what you have to do and just listen. Above all don't be influenced by somebody else's fears. Like if they have fears and concerns, they're, they're, they're able to have those, everybody gets to have the emotional train that they wanna have.


And if you feel the same way, fine. But don't let it, if you don't, don't let that fear kind of lock you into something you should or shouldn't be doing with your money. Okay. I thank you. Thank you. Truly. I I I'm sorry, I'm really trying not to cry. That's all right. What, what is it? What's, what is making you wanna cry? I don't think I would cry. That's okay. My Mom and my dad are really big people in my life and I really, really look up to 'em. We're not, we're not super rich, but I get, I get my really hard work ethic from them. And so they told me what I know about finances and I feel really, really dumb getting where I'm now, Oh, I see you feel guilty.


Don't worry that if you disappointed in me with where I'm, oh my God, I'm so sorry. No. That what you're talking about is so real. Like the guilt that we feel over previous mistakes that we've made with our money, the guilt that we feel having not met expectations that we feel were put on us or maybe that we've put on ourselves. What you're talking about McKayla is such a real thing. And a lot of times when we think about getting our money under control, we kind of think it's just this light switch that we flip. All right, I'm getting on a plan, that's it. And I just do it and I feel nothing until it's over. And that is simply not true. Yeah. You go through a wide range of emotions.


Yeah. And guilt and shame is one of them. But I wanna tell you, Mikayla, you may have made mistakes with your money, but you are not a mistake. Okay? You are not a problem. A problem. You are not a burden. It was just something you went And you went through it and let those emotions go through you. Okay? It's when you get stuck in them that they become a problem. Yes. Yeah. It does not define who you are. Your past mistakes don't define who you are, Mikayla. So know that there's freedom in it and opportunity ahead. Thank you so much for the call. Thanks to all the guys in the booth. Thank you Jade. For a great hour. This is The Ramsey show.


People tell me about their experiences with big banks all the time. Bad service fees that nickel and dime them to death. And predatory lending that tries to catch them in never ending cycles of debt. So if you're ready for a bank that puts people over profits, check out Fairwinds Credit Union. I recommend Fairwinds because they share our RAMSEY values of helping people get out of debt and live generously. If you go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY, you'll see the combined checking and savings account bundle they created just for RAMSEY fans. This account bundle is designed to help you take control of your finances and stay out of debt. And Fairwinds also has a great mobile app that's safe and secure So you can manage your transactions with peace of mind. Fairwinds has been helping people avoid Big Bank traps for 75 years. So go to fairwinds.org/ RAMSEY to learn more. It's easy to join no matter where you live. That's F-A-I-R-W-I-N-D s.org/ RAMSEY


Live from Ramsey Solutions. It's The Ramsey Show where we help people build wealth, do work that they love, and create amazing relationships. I am Rachel Cruz hosting this hour with bestselling author Jade Warshaw and we are taking your calls about your life and your money. So give us a call at Triple eight eight two five five two two five. Starting us off this hour in Los Angeles is Lori. Hi Lori, welcome to the show. Hi Rachel. And Jade, thank you for taking my call. I am beyond thrilled to have the two of you answer my question. Oh, well I'm so glad you called. How can we help? Okay, so I have a scenario that I have not heard and I have been wanting to pick your brain for a long time.


I, my question is basically simply what is the next best move to make based on your advice? And my situation is I am 63 years old. I am, I have moved back into a property I've owned for 28 years to establish. I had it, it was a rental property. I moved back into establish it as my primary residence to save $80,000 in taxes. Woo. Okay. Because of the of, of it not being my primary residence, I wouldn't, okay.


Yeah. Now I don't own another property. I have 50,000 in retirement. I have an account that has 200,000 non-retirement. I spent $30,000 plus, well actually 40,000, 50. I've spent $60,000 so far and I'm a year in Like your, your living expenses. Is that what you're saying Lori? It takes $60,000 for you to live, is that right? Oh, it's, it took, I spent 60 above and beyond what I bring in on my income because I actually put the house on the market.


'cause I thought this is ridiculous and upside down and against my, you know, money philosophies and it fell out of escrow twice 'cause there was a, a repair just, you know, things happen in real estate. Sure. So I had to spend Okay, wait, wait, Laura, extra money. Okay. Okay, let me, okay. So you used 60,000 above and beyond your living expenses to fix up the house to sell. Is that what you're saying? Well, a part of that was fixing it and part of that was, you know, just an additional to just keep the house running with insurance and, you know, utilities and whatnot.


So what is it costing you now to live there? Like what's the payment or is Okay? It? Okay, so it costs me $3,800 to maintain the house A month And a month. Okay. And that's rent and what, that's what is that rent and utilities or is there something else we need to know about that goes into maintaining it? Okay, so that includes my mortgage, property, tax, insurance, utilities. That is everything. Okay. I am super, I am also will tell you I am a huge fan of, you know, our budgeting. I just lost it. What's EveryDollar budgeting out every EveryDollar. Oh my god, that is great.


M a Huge. She's like, I know it and I love it. Okay, so I have, I am telling you the two of you, I know every penny that I spend and that comes in. Good, good. So I am so organized here. So You're paying 3,800 every month with your mortgage, all in all included. What are you Yeah. What's what's your top, top line of income? What are you bringing in every single month? Okay, so I bring in about 90,000. I'm a, my income can fluctuate, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna say that it is, it averages, and this is on the conservative side, 90,000 a year. Okay. And what's that look like monthly for you?


On a good month or a normal month? Monthly It looks like probably, I'm gonna say, let's just say 6,000 6,500, 6,000. Okay. Okay. And I, here's a couple of things that are important to know. I don't, I I, I thought at some point maybe I would, you know, pay this house off and stay here, but I don't wanna be here. Okay. Period. And I will also throw in, because it's expensive because of the expenses, because I don't wanna live in the area. It's far from my kids and my grandkids. Where do you wanna be? And I wanna be closer to where they are or I am willing to go a little outside of the area to stay within my personal comfort financially.


Okay. Right now What would that look like? I also, sorry, I'm, I'm moving you along so I can make sure that we Oh, please. We answer you. Thank you. I'm fine. Okay. What that would look like is right now, honestly, creating some more freedom for myself, freeing up the equity that I have in the house, getting accounts set up properly, renting for some period of time and something as, as And, and and what location? Lori, is this still in California or is this like Arizona? Is this Missouri? Like where, where are you talking? Well, Unfortunately those grandchildren are in California. Okay. So, but you know, and it's maybe outside of Los Angeles because Sure.


You know, I'm in a fire zone too, So. Yeah. Lori, what's your main question? What are, what can we help you with today? My main question, Jade, is, is it, does it make sense for me to sell the house before it hits the two year mark as primary residents? I would be foregoing about, you know, 70 to $80,000 of tax. I, you know, but I've already spent 60 and I'm gonna spend another 30 or 40 for the rest of the year and I'm choking. What, what's causing you to, what's making you feel like it's to the wire that you have to do it that, that you would even consider doing it below the two year mark?


Because it feels financially absolutely so uncomfortable. Right? Because it's more than half of your Take on. And what are you fixing when you keep saying you're gonna be, are you, when you say I'm throwing an extra 40,000 at it, is that because it's almost $4,000 a month to keep it afloat or is that an additional 40 on top of just maintaining it? No, that's, again, that's an additional, so I'm going And what and what is that? Yeah, borrowing what And is that because it's a broken down house? Like what, what, what's the extra 40 gonna be going to That's going to be just covering all the nut? Because it's actually, you're actually more like, let's, You're only making 66 to 6,500. You're paying almost $4,000 a month for housing. So not, there's no way you can keep that.


How much will you, how much will you, if you sold the house today for what you want, ideally how much equity would you be walking away with? I would be walking away with about 1.1 or 1.2 million million. Yeah. Wow. Okay. And it'd be 80,000 in taxes, is that what you were saying? Because of capital gains? I would, well, no, the tax, the taxes would be because I bought that property for such so low amount. Right, right, right. The overall with everything said and done is still gonna be like 300,000 of taxes to pay. Okay. So it's like under that category of math is not a feeling.


Yes. It's like, as you can hear, I am like struggling every month. Yeah, you're Exactly poking And you're exactly right to feel this. I mean this is far exceeding the amount that we would say it, it should be, I don't know. I don't see how you can keep this going. I, without going into debt, I'd sell it. You're gonna take the hit on the capital gains. That's fine. You made money. And then truly you've gotta get in a situation where you're getting that payment that's 25% of your take home, whether you're buying or or renting for a season. Still don't let it exceed That. Yeah. And Lori, if you have the ability to get in a small condo to buy with this equity, I would do that versus renting long term. 'cause eventually you're gonna have to buy something and the sooner the better. Thanks Lori, so much for the call. This is The Ramsey Show.


What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 different answers. Economic growth or a recession. Business taxes will go up or down. AI will help us work or it will replace us all. But there's no such thing as a crystal ball. That's why more than 40,000 businesses have future proofed themselves with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud enterprise resource planning system, Ramsey Solutions uses NetSuite And you should too. Whether your company's earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and seize your biggest opportunities. With one unified business management suite, there's only one source of truth. For the visibility and control you need to make quick decisions. NetSuite's realtime insights and forecasting help you see into the future with actionable data. And when you're closing the books in days, not weeks, you can spend less time looking backward and more time focusing on what's next. And speaking of what's next, download the CFO's guide to AI and Machine learning at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY. It's free at NetSuite dot com slash RAMSEY.


If your holiday ham tends to last longer than your New Year's resolutions, then I got a fresh challenge for you. Make this the year you take control of your financial future with an actionable plan. Sound intimidating. You don't have to do it alone. SmartVestor Pros are financial advisors who can walk you through what you need to know about retirement planning, wealth management, and anything in between. Find a pro near you at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor. Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros. Learn more at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash SmartVestor.


Welcome Back. We are taking your calls at Triple 8 8 2 5 5 2 2 5. I'm Rachel Cruz hosting with the wonderful Jade Warshaw. And we're gonna go to Portland, Oregon next. And we are talking to William. Hey William, welcome to the show. Hey, How are you Doing? We're doing great. How can we help? Hi. So I have a few questions, but, so I'm looking at going into trade school or well trucking. I don't know if that's considered a trade, but trade school I guess, and I don't have enough in my savings. I just have enough for the emergency fund. I'm currently on baby step number two. Okay.


And I have $24,600 roughly in debt. Okay. And so I was wondering if, I know you guys generally say not to take out student loans and this is, and not, it's not a huge student loan, but it's still money. It's, it'd be six and a thousand. And I was just wondering, should I pay off my debts first, which would take me around two years? Or What would be the jump at income realistically from what you're making now to after you graduate? It would go, It would go roughly from 60 to 120. So double. Okay. Okay. That's a good investment. How long is school for?


School for? It would be roughly for about two months and then trying to get a job after that. Yeah. Wow. How long would it be to get into, you know, 'cause I know with that it's either you, you own a truck, you work for a company. Like what kind of route are you thinking about? Yeah, so I would be working for a company. Okay. And I've already talked with the owner. Okay. And it roughly around a hundred is what he is gonna be starting me at. Yeah, that's right. And right away, how quick Can you get, won't get The 6,500. How quickly can you save that if you paused your snowball? At my current about probably in around four months. Okay. Three, four months. That's great.


I mean, honestly, William, that's probably what I would do. And the only reason I would say to pause your snowball to do this is the immediate jump in income and, and trucking for the most part. I know people can kind of get a little bit into the weeds if you own your own truck. I mean, I know there's some expenses that can happen, but the path you're doing is very predictable. It's not like you're going to school to get a master's in psychology and you're hoping to do X, Y, and Z and it's a little ambiguous because it is such a short amount of school and because it's pretty guaranteed. That's the, that's one reason why I would, or two or reasons why I would say I, I would, I would pause and how old are you young? I'm 23. Yes, For sure.


I would do that, William, honestly, I would not for sure take out loans for it. I would save and for you to be able to pay off 24,000 with a hundred to $110,000 on the road where a lot of your expenses are paid, like sleeping in. Right. Like you're, you're gonna have lower expenses too, just 'cause of the lifestyle. So you'll be able to knock out that 24,000. I mean, you could make an aggressive goal and say you're gonna do it in six months and live on half of what you're making or you know, something crazy. Yeah. You're used to living on 60,000, so why not? Ooh, I concur. Great. Yeah, that, that's kind of, yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking was once I get that jump in income change, absolutely nothing. Yep. Just 'cause I have more, doesn't mean I have to spend more. Yep, That's right.


And then just knock it out. But also, my other question was, so out of that 24,000, 20,000 is auto loan and I was wondering, should I just sell the car? Oh, tell us more. What's it worth? It's worth roughly 36 to 38. It's a 22 Highlander, No brainer. Yes. Today, William, today. And what you, with what you get with it, you're gonna Be debt Free. Yeah. You'll be, and he'll free. He's gonna pay for a cash car or whatever, you Know. Oh yeah. Pay for a cash car. Yeah. Wow. This is is a good conversation thinking. Yeah, You're, you're rare, William, in the sense that your car's not underwater. We talked to so many people that have bought in the last few years when cars were so up in value and they bought high and now they're trying to sell.


And so you're Yeah, I'm a very big, yeah. I'm just like, when it comes to cars, like I was doing the research for months, I never buy any warranties, never did any of that. Yeah. And I would not buy over MSRP even though I did buy in 2022 when cars were like crazy high and they were doing markups everywhere, but, But it's holding its value that Well, huh. I mean, you, Kelly Bluebook it and that's what you're seeing. Well, Kelly Blue Book private party, it's telling me around 41, but I had it on Facebook marketplace for about 39 and no luck so far. So I, okay, So you're thinking 36, is that what you're saying? Th 36 is what I get through CarMax as like an instant offer. So if you, let's just say you did that.


I'm not saying that I would do that, but I mean that gives you, you're gonna come out of this with 15 or $16,000 that gives you enough to pay off the remaining debt that gives you enough that you could pay for school and buy a junk, a junker. And you're only gonna drive that beater car for a little while because you're gonna be making a hundred thousand. Or maybe you'll drive it And you for a while And you, because you're on the road. Yeah. Wow. I love that. This, this Highland's breaking you free. This is great. Yeah. That's kind of like my original choice was like A BMW seven 50 and those just think like a rock. So I'm, I'm pretty glad I didn't do that. Good for you. Well Done, William. But also I am a little like, still disappointed myself that originally my budget was 3,500 or 35,000.


Sorry. And then I went and spent 55. But yeah. Well you'll never go into debt for a car again. You've learned your lesson and with what you're setting yourself up, the next time you buy a car, it's gonna be a ca in cash and it's not gonna be a junker, it's gonna be something that you've, you know, vetted and looked at and used in Nice. Right. You're setting yourself up to be able to do that in The future Smart room. Yep. And then when you get that first paycheck, it's all yours. 'cause you're debt free 'cause you sold the car. Boom. Alright, let's go to Josh in Boise. He is up next. Hey Josh, How are y'all Doing? Great. How can we help? Good. So I've got a couple questions. So first off is my wife and I recently moved to a remote town in Idaho where there is no major companies and there's no handyman up here either.


Ooh. So my wife and I decided this year we're on baby step two currently, and we've kind of decided that this year might be a good year for me to start a handyman LLC. I've already got all the tools to do it. The only thing that would cost me out the door is the initial startup through the state for the LLC paperwork and the FI filing fee and all that. So that's roughly about $500. The downfall is I'm not having a really hard time finding business insurance as well as the only thing it would cost me. Running this LLC is my time and my fuel. That's all it would take. So those are my two main questions is starting an LLC at this point in our life, a good idea, a bad idea. And then as far as business insurance, I don't know what to do anymore.


So is the problem that when you're looking for business insurance, you're just not finding anybody who will offer it? Or is it the price? Tell me more about that and also have you Yeah, tell me that first. Okay, so I've been told by multiple companies that because I am too much of a jack of all trades, that they won't cover it because of the fact there's too many things that I can do. They're telling me that I need to specialize in one or two specific skills if it's, but the downfall is if I specialize in flooring, then I can't do trim. If I do trim, I can't do painting, stuff like that. And I didn't realize Issue a general contractor type. I mean, I know it's not that Yeah, that, yeah.


Intense. But that's, that's what it's sounding like. Is that the problem that you're calling yourself a handyman And you should be titling your, the type of work you do differently? Is that what they're looking for? I'm not, I'm not an expert on business insurance, so I'm just asking questions to see if we can drill it down. Yeah, no, it's fine. So I could get my general contractor's license. It's not overly expensive, but they do require you to put down one or two specialized skills specifically instead of having a large array of certain things. And maybe, maybe that is what you do in order to kind of get your foot in the door. Because I feel like the more you're in this world, the more you're gonna learn and it might be a good idea for you to start small.


Okay. I would, oh, go ahead Rachel. Well, I was gonna ask, what's the biggest need? If you were to drill it down to two things versus jack of all trades, what do you see as the most lucrative Well, Well there's a lot of flooring up here that needs done as well as everybody around here has got a piece of wood busted, broken somewhere. So it's, it's, I mean, it's a little, yeah, and I don't wanna be in Idaho. I don't wanna sneak around the wall or anything, but my question is, yeah, could you just do, could you, could you go flooring and trim and then if someone's like, oh gosh, well I need, you know, this help too, you're like, oh yeah, I can fix your toilet too for an extra a hundred bucks. Or I don't know, like could Is that plausible just as a freelance type work? Yeah, it probably could be.


Yeah. I, I'd get into some, I, I don't wanna sound like I don't understand the internet, but I'd get into some chat rooms or like get on Facebook, get in some forums and ask people, Hey, what license did you do? How, how were you able to be a, a handyman or a kind of jack of all trades? And also be insured and see what people who are doing it, how they're insured.


Listen, people, what you call organized chaos is still chaos this year. Build some room in your budget to get your life really organized. One tool that I recommend is a Knock Box, as in next of kin Knock Box is a complete system that helps you organize important documents, accounts, IDs, tax returns, insurance policies, estate plans, and other personal history in one secure place. The 15 categories in your Knock Box cover everything from health history and investments to your ancestry and even collectibles. So cut the clutter with a Knock Box, start getting organized today and receive an exclusive discount at Knock Box dot com slash RAMSEY. That's NOK box.com/ RAMSEY.


Hey Dave RAMSEY here. Dr. John Delony and I are coming to a city near you on the Money and Relationships Tour. You, the audience will vote to choose the topics we talk about things that impact your life, like investing in your future, money, stress, and marriage and more. We're coming to Louisville, Durham, Atlanta, Kansas City, Fort Worth, and Phoenix in April and May, 2025 Tickets are at their lowest price right now. Grab yours at Ramsey Solutions dot com slash tour.


Today's question of the day is brought to you by Why Refi. Now we don't recommend refinancing on everything, but for distressed private student loans, there is Why Refi and we trust. Why, Why Refi? Because they help you with a low fixed rate interest rates that you couldn't get anywhere else. And it really helps you stick to your budget and help you and helps you get out of debt faster. Learn more at Why Refi dot com slash RAMSEY. That's the letter. YREF y.com/ RAMSEY may not be available in all states.


Alright, Today's question comes from Melody in Virginia. She says, my husband and I are in our early forties and got married last year. While we were dating, my husband bought a house for us. I participated in the whole process and he paid the down payment and the mortgage until we got married. We have joint accounts, all that we make goes there and we treat all income as hours. We worked together to pay off the debt. We brought into the marriage. My husband recently became very ill and agreed to do some estate planning. I asked him to add me to the house deed and mortgage, but he wants to just stipulate in his will that the house will be mine if something happens to him. I don't care about the house itself, but while, but while I made sure to put him as a beneficiary for everything that is mine, he has friends and family as be beneficiaries for what is his.


Am I wrong in feeling off about this whole situation? Yeah, I, I would definitely feel off about this. The truth is, okay, so let's talk about the will thing first. Because if you were like, Hey, I'm not on the deed and there's no will, that would really be a, a problem. Just looking at it as that. 'cause I'd say well if if, especially since you guys bought this thing before you were married, it could go to probate depending on what state you're in. Yeah. And it would take time for it to really iron out and go to you. The other thought is, but there is a will then my next thought is like, have you seen the will? Because I wanna see it with my eyeballs on it. For real. Yeah. So 'cause if not, depending on what your state, what your state is, again, there could be an issue there.


Then there's the relational side of what's going on here. Like why doesn't he want that? And I also wanna know, well why are your friends and family on the other assets? Like what is it, what could it be? A 401k, anything else? A savings account. Anything else that would have a beneficiary That would be in his name exclusively that she couldn't be on. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what stands out to me and I I I'm gonna read a lot into this, but this is just what stands out to me. You're in your forties, you've only been married for a year. It sounds like there's something previous that's playing into this. Like maybe there was a previous spouse or a previous relationship and he has trust issues. Something is going on there. I find that when people are later in life in those relationships, yeah there tends to be more walls up.


Yeah. More exper bad experiences that happen with life. And because of that, people get protective and they wanna protect themselves, which in one case is totally understandable. But also as it plays out in the health of the marriage, it ends up being more detrimental than beneficial. And that's where you guys have to like really get on the same page. So. Yeah. Yeah. Unless to your point that he promised his brother that he would help pay for the brother's kids' college. I don't know. It's like there's something there that makes sense to you, but for you not even to understand why that's a bigger problem to me, you need to know that. You know, J Jade, I was stopped by somebody recently out and about and she, she was very kind, but she was like, can I just ask you a quick question?


I was like, sure. But she was saying that they, her and her husband are working their way outta debt. She has, I think like, maybe, I can't remember the exact words, maybe $20,000 left in her name 'cause they were her student loans. Okay. And they were gonna go and refinance the house. Well if they put her name on the deed in the, in the refinance, then they're not gonna get as good of a rate because of her credit score and everything. And so she was like, we wanna refinance, but should we hold off till we're debt free or could we go ahead and refinance and my name not be on the deed, but I could put it on the deed after I'm, you know, get outta debt. Anyways, it was this whole like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Situation. And I, you know, and I told her, I was like, I mean, yes you want your name on the deed. Eventually it's, and if it's not, it needs to be in the will, like what you're saying.


But the, I think the ownership aspect of both being on the deed is important, but also in a short term, if it doesn't make financial sense Yeah. Save the money and then put your name later if your name is in the will Yes. For it. You know what I mean? That makes Sense. Yeah. Just in case something happens to him. 'cause the whole point again of sharing assets Yes. Is from a tactical standpoint. So we wanna be smart about that. But it's also from a, from an ownership perspective and a unity perspective And depending on the state, I don't wanna get this wrong, but depending on the state, let's say that the house was bought, it was bought pre-marriage, it was bought in his name technically, let's say that he passed away and there was debt that she didn't know about it, that house, depending on the state, could be treated as an asset and they could sell the house to pay the debt.


That's Right. So This is important, you know what I mean? It's important A, to know your state law. B, it's important to make sure that these assets are protected. 'cause it's probably the thing that they have, that's their biggest asset that has the ability to generate the most money for her if she were to sell it. So this is, this is an important issue. Alright, Let's go to Richard and Rapid City, South Dakota. Hi Richard, welcome to the show. Hi. Thanks for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? Hi. So I was just let go from my job suddenly this past Thursday. Oh gosh. I'm sorry. And my questions for That's alright, we'll make it through. We're on baby Step three, we've got our expenses saved up.


Okay. But my question for Dave was what should I be doing during this time? Should I be looking for a part-time job maybe to help both serve at emergency fund, make sure it doesn't run, run short or dry? Should I, we move outta the house. Are there any special considerations? What were you doing before? I was the director of music for a large well-known church in The area. Okay. Do you see a position opening up and doing something similar anytime soon? It's kind of thin. It can take a couple months, three months conservatively to find a job that's so specific.


Sure. That matches my very narrow field of expertise. Yep. For sure. Well yeah, I would be for doing something in the meantime. And I always feel like the transitional season, like what you're in it is harder because I mean, I, I think for a lot of people you kinda have to go into it with a lot of humility being like, okay, I was doing one thing and now I'm doing something I never thought I would be doing, but at least I'm earning a paycheck to keep us afloat. 'cause you're right, you don't wanna sit there and just drain your emergency fund all the way down, you know, three to four months in. So keeping as much afloat as possible. Does your wife work? She teaches some piano lessons here and there. Okay. But she'd really like being the stay at home mom. Sure, sure.


Yeah. So I mean, Richard, I'd be doing anything or everything. And again, it's probably, it's not gonna probably be in your field of what you're saying short term and it may not even be a job you thought you'd ever be in, but you're earning something and bringing something in while looking simultaneously looking for something that you had or it may ha or stuff may have to just shift in your, in your, you know, professional career. I, if you hold on the line when we get done with this call, Christian's gonna pick up and I'd love to Give you some of Ken Coleman's material because he writes about this of whether it's a job loss that is, you know, sudden or expected or you, or you decide to change careers. 'cause it's not what you're passionate about, you know, regardless of your reasoning.


Right. Kind of re-looking and just saying, Hey, what other strengths are out there? Because like you're saying, if it is a narrow field and if there's not a reality of you getting something very similar to what you are doing, you want something that is full-time, that is fulfilling, but it may look different and maybe something more, you know, that you aren't, you aren't thinking about. So I'll Give you Yeah. Ken's book and he has the get clear assessment, a code for that in his book. And So you can actually take that and, and it's a great assessment. It's very thorough just to maybe just, just to get your wheels turning and thinking of, of other things. Yeah. Thanks for the advice. Would you push me more in the direction of a full-time job or would it, does it kind of depend on the situation?


I mean, I'm of the mind to take any job until you get the job, whatever it is. You know, right now you're unemployed, so let's get something just to keep you going. And if it is full-time with insurance and benefits, that's a bonus for sure. Yeah. You know, and knowing that it may be short term, but, but getting something that has kind of a, a well-rounded package, I think would be ideal. And if not, you may have to go down to, to an hourly type job, which is fine too, But Yeah. At least you're, you're making something. Yeah. How did you, do you have six months of expenses? Three months? What do you have? We have about five. Okay. Yeah, I mean I'd make it my goal to like in two months start, you know what I mean? Like, put a goal out there because if you aim at nothing, you'll hit it.


So give yourself a clear goal of here's the timeline I wanna meet and if, and give yourself contingencies. If this doesn't happen, then I'll do this. And really write out a clear plan so that you don't feel like you're just floating, but that you feel like you're making intentional steps in, in a, in a real direction. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Richard, hang on. Christian's gonna pick up and we're gonna Give you, find the work you're wired to do by Ken Coleman with the get clear assessment to help you maybe. Yeah. And just a new direction, kind of take that narrow path and maybe expand it a little and see what else is out there. Yeah. So good luck to you. I'm so sorry. That's, that is not fun. This is The Ramsey Show.


I still remember 10 years ago, 23 years old, I was frustrated, anxious, and flat broke. I had followed all the ways that Toxic Money culture had led me down from well-meaning parents and misguided guidance counselors. And it left me with a pile of debt. But I'm telling you it doesn't have to stay that way over a decade. I went from Broke to Millionaire and I break it all down in my new book, breaking Free From Broke, I'm gonna show you just how toxic this money system is and how you can break free from credit scores and credit cards and student loans and auto loans and investing traps. And finally live a life that you're not exhausted by a life with more margin, more options, and more peace. If you wanna check out the book, go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store to get your copy of Breaking Free from Broke. That's Ramsey Solutions dot com slash store.


So one of the best ways to make the most of your money is by sticking to a budget, creating a budget, sticking to it. It is the roadmap you guys for your money. And EveryDollar is the best budgeting app to help you plan to spend your money, track it when you spend, save for what matters most. And it, it is just amazing. So keep a pulse on your spending and really make progress with your goals this year. Be intentional in EveryDollar again, it is just, it is my favorite app. I was saying this in our live stream, but I'm not kidding when I open my phone, you know how you like subconsciously go to things on your phone that you don't realize you're in. Mine is Instagram and EveryDollar. I ended up in EveryDollar sometimes I'm like, what? Every time I open it instead of Spotify because it's, they're both green. Oh, looks like It. Yes, I know, but for real, Jade and I both, we use EveryDollar. We love it. It is, it makes it so easy. I just was doing our February budget. There you go. I mean it's, yeah, it is great you guys. So you can actually download it for free in the app store or Google Play or click the link in the description if you're watching on YouTube or listening on podcasts because again, getting great tools with you that are simple and easy and help you make progress, that is like, that's where technology is at at its best. Yes. When it's helping you. Yes. So honestly, yeah, make sure to check it out again. That is EveryDollar.


Alright, let's go to Tanner in Tampa, Florida. Hi Tanner, welcome to the show. Hi, thank you for having me. Absolutely. How can we help? So I'm in the market of buying a house and I'm looking at buying one and I'm wondering should I buy a starter home or should I save up for the home that I plan on living in for the rest of my life? Ooh, You know what, How old are you Tanner? 23. Okay. Yeah, You know what, Tanner, I'll, I'll be honest with you. So much life happens in a five year span, in a 10 year span and a 30 year span. So I I, as much as I love the sentiment, the truth is you have no idea what house you're gonna live in for the rest of your Life.


Don't put that pressure on you at your age either. If you were 65, we'd be like, okay, maybe we can decide what else you'll be in, you know, for the next 30 years, but not at your age. So now don't, don't limit yourself to that. Yeah. Smart move I would say would be get into something, you know, I I, when I say as soon as possible, usually that means a couple years of savings. So it's not that urgent, but I, I would be, I would be getting in. So tell us about your financial situation. Do you, do you have any debt? Do you have savings? I just got out of debt. I just paid off my truck. Oh, good girl, Tanner. I'm working Tanner on building up my savings. Awesome. How much do you make a year? Around 90,000.


Okay, Good for you. And it's just you or do you have, okay, listen, that's even another reason to think this through because chances are on down the line you'll, you'll meet a Mrs. Tanner and she's gonna have a different expectation of where she wants to live. So right now I'm with Rachel. I would focus on something smaller, something you can afford. You know, the rule of thumb that we go by is of course you wanna have your three to six months emergency funds saved up and then you're saving a separate down payment, no less than 5%, but if you get can get it to 20%, that's great. And all in house taxes, insurance, HOA, you don't want that payment to be any more than 25% of your take home.


And so that's what we're looking at. If you can get a 15 year fixed rate, that is amazing. So that's kind of the standard that if we're saying like, good, better, best, that is the best way that you could possibly buy a home. And then above that is just you paying cash. Right? Yeah. And Tanner also remember too, just 'cause of your season of life, you know, from an age perspective that you wanna be in your house, you know, I would say for at least five years, four to five years to get kind of the market, if you will. So there, there'll be some ups and downs or, or not really, I mean, yeah. And just, you pay so much at closing to make sure that you kind of get enough equity built in that it makes sense. So are you in a pretty stable job?


Do you think you'll be in the Tampa area for the foreseeable future unless something changes? Oh, yes ma'am. I, my job we travel, but we're based out of Tampa and Okay. Tampa, I plan, I don't plan on leaving and I, there, I'm hoping to get moved up soon. Okay, that's great. Yeah, well I would do exactly yeah, what Jade said, start getting that emergency fund in place and then saving up a down payment and yeah, you never know where life takes you in your twenties. It's a pretty, it's a wild decade of life. It's a wild, Right. There's A lot that can happen. A lot of change. But that's exciting. Tanner. And let me say this from all the single ladies that work with me here at at RAMSEY, they're always like, if they're going on a date with a guy, they're always like, he's a homeowner.


Like, Ooh, it's a commodity. It's, it's a thing commodity. It's hard to Be a homeowner these days and if you're a homeowner and a guy, it's extra points. It just means you're very responsible. So Good.


So I'll throw that out there for you Tanner. Yeah, get get after it Tanner. And make sure to, if you wanna go check out our real estate home base, you can go to Ramsey Solutions dot com slash realestate and we have great agents there, RAMSEY trusted agents. I can help you in the Tampa area when you decide to buy. And also just some articles and podcasts like just kind of start to learn up on this process of home ownership because the more knowledge you have, the better.


Rachel, let's talk briefly about that forever home deal. Yes. Because I hear that a lot. And in his case, listen, his Tanner's heart is pure. Like he, he just, he's just a simple guy. Yeah. Who just wants to settle down. But sometimes I hear that and it's almost like an excuse to spend more or kind of like push the, push that barrier. Do you know what I mean? Yes. Because like, this is my dream house, we're never moving anywhere else. This is it. And you know what's funny? Even if it's not the quote unquote dream house and your sentiment isn't lifelong, it, I, I've had a lot of friends and their sentiment is, oh yeah, we'll be in here till at least the, the kids go to middle school. Yeah. And it's a 10 year house, but then they get four years in and they're like, oh gosh, the schools weren't what we thought.


The house is a disaster. It's leaking, we're doing a repair. Like, you just never know. So you never know. I mean it, it is something that you kind of go in with like, you know, this is a big investment, we're gonna be as smart about it as possible, but also don't feel like you're like crushing your dreams if you set out to think like, oh we're gonna be in this for X amount of time. It life just changes. There's No way to know. Yes. There's no way To know. It's a great point. It's a great point. All right, real quick, let's go to Gregory as we finish out this hour of The Ramsey Show and he's in Washington DC Hey Gregory. Welcome. Hey. Hi. How are you guys? Can You hear me? Yes, we can. How can we help? Hi, good afternoon.


And my name is Greg. I'm 26 years young and I have a lot of credit card debt and on top of that collections as well. Yeah. So in total I have 13,105 in credit card debt. Okay. Split between four different cards and 1760 with collections. Okay. My, my question is, is should I pay the collections first or should I try and attack the credit card with Discover? Because they are, they're like giving me a lawsuit for attorney.


So I don't know which one I should be paying first. Well they're, they're both, they're almost equally important. The Discover one, how much is it? What are you on the hook balance wise? Balance 6,031. Okay. And then just for Clarity, the collections, it's 1,760, is that what you told me? Correct. Okay. So, oh go ahead. Oh sorry Jane, how long has it been in collections? One I have two in collections. One has been in collections for about a year and a half. Okay. And then the other one is in collections for around four months. Okay. Do you have any money saved? Like $400, $500? I have $9 saved so probably not.


Okay. What, okay so what I would do Gregory, is if you can, yeah, I would be getting an extra job. I mean I would be working 80 hours a week getting any amount of money. 'cause the ones in collections you're gonna have a better Yeah. Time negotiating those down and depending how long they've been in, especially the one that's been in there a year and a half for sure, it's been probably sold four different times to four different companies. It's some guy in a cube and who knows where. I mean like it's just it. It is, it is long gone and they will be more likely to settle with you super cheap. So that would be probably my first goal. And then, I mean I would tell Discover I'm gonna be keeping my minimum payments But yeah. Sorry guys. I'll get to you when I get to you. Yeah. And listen, they might sue you but you don't have anything.


Yeah, that's right. They have nothing to take. And so this that process, it's really more at this stage it's likely more of a scare tactic. So just there after these collections, it's the next thing in your debt snowball. What's your income? What are you bringing in every month? 'cause you got $9 saved. Tell me real quick 'cause we're about to head out Right now. I'm making 21 per hour but it's more so part-time. Okay. So there's your issue right there. Yeah. And I think you know what we're gonna tell you, you've gotta get up to full-time, a full-time schedule, full-time at 21 per hour. You can get some things done. But let's find a way to get that income up 'cause that's really the key to this puzzle. Full time and overtime. Greg, that's gonna be your forever young if you will. This is, use that young energy to be working.


Thanks all the guys in the booth. Jade, thank you for a great hour. Yes. And we'll see you guys at the Ramsey Network app. If you are on radio, stay tuned and we will see you next hour.