
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to Mentos gum for sponsoring today's episode. You ever notice how everyone's always reaching for gum when they're bored or need a pick me up talking To Exhibit A? Yes, I do understand that. 'cause I am always chewing gum when you can't concentrate on a page anymore after studying for so long Or when you're stuck in a back to back meetings and need to feel human again. We all need A little ways to refresh our daily routines and make them more fun. And that's where Mentos Gum comes in. Sometimes it's as simple as popping in a piece of Mentos gum and taking a different route to work. Trying a new lunch spot. Trying a new workout class. Trav, what's your go-to Mentos gum flavor. You're just chewing on these days. Just the Traditional, the the the old traditional one. Mint fresh. Yeah. I like, I'll, I'll go winter Green every now and then, or spearmint, but for the most part, I'm just like a fresh mint kind of guy. Sometimes all you need is a little reminder to refresh the everyday and shake things up. Yes. To fresh with Mintos gum.


So you wanna start a business? You might think you need a team of people and fancy tech skills, but listen to me when I say you don't. You just need GoDaddy Arrow. I'm Walton Goggins an actor, and I like the sound of starting my own business. Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses, but I couldn't do this on my own. GoDaddy Arrow uses AI to create everything you need to grow a business. It'll make you a unique logo. It'll create a custom website. It'll write social posts for you and even set you up with a social media calendar. How cool is that? Well listen to this For a limited time, you can get Arrow all access for just a dollar a week for 12 weeks. We're talking all the AI power of GoDaddy Arrow plus a domain, e-commerce store payments, professional email, a unified inbox, all for less money than I spend on deep tanning lotion while sunbathing off the Al Mafi coast. You know what, that sounds like a plan. Get started@godaddy.com Terms apply.


Are we jumping on? Yes. Yeah, we did it. Dumb legend. We made it happen. It we did. Yeah. Boys, You always got the flyest shit on. Dude, everybody always tells you. I know it. This Shirt here. I think it's been three days in a row. I'm wearing it. I'm not. That's the only thing I'm not good at, is changing. You can wear that thing to dinner. You wear it to the, to the courts. You wear that thing everywhere, man. Isn't that pathetic? I, that's the best. I started doing that only because I protecting, hiding these tits. The tits got big bro. Can't help it. Hey, Welcome back to New Heights Ladies and gentlemen.


Hey, we are a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. That is, that is correct. We are your host. I am Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alums. As you know, subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus or wherever you get your podcast and follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Got an incredible guest coming on this episode And you're gonna find out who it is. There's clues on the screen Right now, but you, You probably already know. I mean, you probably got a little, they'll Probably ruin the surprise because it helps people tune in and watch it and we need to advertise it. I mean, this is right up there with Can't Ruin this episode though, man.


This is, I met this person once. This will be so, I, I met, we should just say his name 'cause it's Kind of be No. Nope. Saying I, I met this person one time and lemme tell you, I have not been starstruck by many people. I did. I was kind of like I am now. I didn't know what to say. Like I was just at a loss of words and I'm like, just don't quote. Oh gosh. Every movie he's ever been in, because that's what every dummy Dooo head does. But I think I proceeded to probably do that If it's a good one. You gotta just be tasteful with it If you're gonna do it. Yeah. It's gotta be perfect timing and great delivery. You gotta deliver it If you're gonna do it. Ho ho You guys are in for a treat. I mean, we are in for a tree too.


It's cool to even have this guy on. Alrighty. Our guest today is an absolute legend. You may know him from his film and TV career spanning over three decades. He's written a star at some of the most iconic movies of all time. That is including Billy Madison, happy Gilmore, The Waterboy, and so many more. He's a one time winner of the Mark Twain prize for, for American Humor. The 16 Time MTV movie Award Win, not an E. Wow. He's got T Choice Awards People Choice Awards. A star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Yeah. He's a fan of high quality H2O Jesus. Have a to, to, to Today Junior. Spit it out. That's right. Our guest is the one and only Sandman Adam Sandler Boys.


So happy to see both you guys Love You both. You know that you know that you're The best. Dude, thank you so, so much for coming on Adam. This is incredible. He Was iconic man. You too, fellas. Yes, yes. Come on, Jason hit me. So well, you, so you recently just finished a standup special. Yes. Yes. That's gonna be launching on I think Tuesday on Netflix, right? Yes. Yes. It comes out on Tuesday. I did, I was doing a tour running around for like a couple, a couple years, you know, in and out. I kind of do it like I, I go away for a couple weeks, then I go back home for a month or two, then I go do another couple week, that kind of thing. Yeah. And when I was out on the tour, I was like, oh man, probably should make a special just so I, 'cause I know one day I'm gonna throw this material out and move on to some new stuff, So we might as well document it.


Yeah. And so I said, let me do a special Netflix said that sounds good. And then I called Josh Ty, who's this great director, and, and he did Uncut gems. Him and his brother Benny did Uncut Gems. And I said to Josh, you would you wanna maybe direct a comedy special? And he said, yeah, yeah. And I thought we were just gonna shoot a normal special, but he just kind of took over and made it a different style and different feel and threw weird stuff at me. And we, it's just, it's a special, but it's kind of like a movie special. It's different. It's a little Different. Yeah. I cannot wait for everybody to see this man. They Let us preview it and that was alone the coolest thing ever. Oh yeah. It was awesome, brother.


I cool. So Thank you bud. What, you're right, it is different and it's like kind of segmented. There's a whole like thing going back and forth with the projection and all that. What, how do you, how do you even get to like creating something like that? Like I know that like stand up, you're bringing on jokes and you're trying to figure out your routine, but that thing was so unique. How did that whole process come about? Well, I was kind of ready to just do a normal standup special. I was excited 'cause I was kind of locked in. You know, when you do standup and you're on the road, it evolves. You get better and better at your act and figure out better things to talk about, figure out better ways to tell your, your thoughts or your jokes or whatever the hell it is.


And so I was kinda locked into a certain way that, that I was ready to ready to, you know, throw down. And, and then he, he, Josh was just kind of like, you know, we've seen seen you do a standup special already. I did one like six, six years ago. So we said, let's try to come up with a new way to present it. So that's kind of what happened. What made you wanna get back into the standup realm? Like you took a long hiatus from it. Not too long. I saw a hundred percent Fresh Live. Actually I was at the, the Hayworth out there in la Dude. That's Right buddy. I remember seeing you. I was so, I was so, fuck. I was in a whole nother world. And I got, I I remember two just off the top that I still remember.


There's a phone wall of keys. Yes, yes, Yes. Is What I, I fucking sing that every single time I walk out the goddamn door. Oh, I Love that. And I, I haven't forget him. I haven't forgot 'em since. Love that jazz. And then, and then I want to grow old with You, dude. Yes. I sang that too. Yes. Yes. I sang that for the special And that was a, That was six years ago. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That is so Fucking buddy. That was six Years ago when I saw you. That Was so fucking cool, man. How crazy. I saw you at the, at the, in my, in the dressing room back there at the Hayworth. You're the fucking man. Dude. You too buddy. And, and, and it was, I don't even know why, why I started. Oh yeah. Here's what happened. I was doing movies. Life was going good, You know, I did Saturday Night Live and me and my friends, you know, spayed and Schneider and Rock, we used to run around and do standup back then.


So Cool. And it was great. And then all of a sudden I was doing a lot of movies and it just became like, your schedule was kind of o overwhelmed. And so I, I stopped doing standup for maybe 20 years or so. Sheesh. And then I was doing grownups and all I heard was Kevin James and Chris Rock and Schneider and Spade and Colin Quinn and all the guys in the movie and Norm McDonald all talking about their gigs. They had that weekend. And I was like, I was a little jealous, like, oh man, maybe I should get back on the road. So that, that got me into it again. Awesome. That's awesome, man. That's awesome. Well make sure everyone you check out Love You. It's streaming now on Netflix.


Woo hoo. Wonderful jokes. It's a very unique, as we've talked about, comedy standup special, including a wonderful ode to comedy. Which man? Oh yeah. If this world, if this world needs comedy more than ever, it was just beautifully done. Really well done. Thank you, man. Yeah, we wrote a, wrote a song that kind of just talked about all the, all the movies and comedians that influenced me and my, my my friends growing up and our generation and that kind of stuff. And What we used to sit and watch growing up with our, our parents or with our buddies or whatever it was. And so wrote a song and that, that puts a lot of that stuff in there. It's Got music, it's flamenco guitar that starts off with Oh yeah, by the way.


I'm like, man, this guy, he's bringing it right off the bat. That's right. I, dude, I did my best by the way. That was terrifying. 'cause I knew sometimes when I'm alone in my room playing my guitar, I go, man, I think I could have been a guitar player. I'm pretty damn good. Hell you are. Then when I get on stage, I start getting my, my fingers get tight. Everything's nerve wracking. So when I was shooting a special, I was like, come on man, let's get this thing right. But I I did All right. I did All right. You nailed it. You nailed it. Thank you, buddy. And then the Bluetooth comment hit a little bit too close to home for me now. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That happens on occasion. Happens. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't, you don't like those times. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about Happy Gilmore too, because you got that coming up.


You just said you're moving to Jersey here coming up. Yes. That's what you're going there for, right? The whole thing was to get to hang out with Travis. That's why we put, we put it together. No, yeah, yeah. We're going there, Travis, by the way. Thank you. I heard you talking about it and, and I was on your show, you guys, and then Of course I was like, You know, I, I was thinking of, we were talking about you playing my son while we were writing it literally like six months ago. We were like, Oh gosh, imagine if Travis was my first, my first baby. How, how funny. That would be just a badass dude. But we know football. Oh gosh. I, I think I got the swing down. You do, dude. I think I got the swing down. Can you crack it like That?


I was out there the other day. Yeah. And it was, it was literally the day after you went on Fallon and, and told everybody. And I was like, man, you know what? I just gotta do a ceremonial one. It just, you know, and I fucking ripped it. You Did. It felt crushed. So good dude. It felt so good, ed. What a feeling. When you look up and that thing's going straight. You're like, that works, man. How Did that happen? It's just the, Oh, I bet you, you ripped the shit outta you. What do you hit 'em when you, when you play, you bang it, you bang it little Don't, you can, yeah, I can, I can hit it about three 20 consistently off the, off the drive of a bitch. But I could be three holes over, or, or right next to the hole. You know, it's either way. No, but I've seen you swing. It is nice. It's fun. I gotta say, when I'm doing the Happy Gilmore swing, I'm maybe one for four with that one for four.


It's not, it's not as Thing. Little TV magic on the back end. There's Definitely, I call my own cuts. Alright, Let's see. Oh, Here we go. All right, buddy. Well, that's a long walk up. Boom. Oh, you can hear Pat Mahomes in the background telling you where it went. That's got a good swing too. He can, he can bang him too. I'm sure you guys have fun Golf enough. Oh yeah. No, he is, he's a way better player than I'm, he takes way more serious. I'm just out there for the fun, man. Yeah. Well, you're a fun man. Both, everybody on this little hang here besides me. It seems like they have fun on the, the course. I get a little snappy out there. Snappy. Little, little get frustrated.


Have you gotten back into playing at all just to kind of get ready for the movie? Or did you ever, did you take a time off from playing golf or, Yes, sort of similar to my comedy career. I kind dipped out for a while and then I was like, what am I doing, man? Let me get back into golf. And I, I absolutely, I played when I was a kid. I played when I was like 12 and my dad was awesome. My dad was a really good golfer. You should, he's shooting a low seventies. I still can't do it. I can't get it there. Holy cow. I can't get down low. I've had a good nine, I had a good nine maybe two weeks ago at, at Riviera. Oh, oh, nice. I, I think, I think I, I could say that's Why they play the genesis Open.


That's a legit course. Yeah, Exactly. That's a tough one. I mean, I play from the whites, but I shot, I shot. Okay. But I can't, I can't put 18 together. I can't do it. I can't concentrate that long. Are you guys good with 18? Dude, I suck. I I have a very little, I like third to last in the Tahoe golf out Here. Oh yeah. It was not good. Didn't break 91 time. I hear you. That's kind of my, my spot too, around 88 or something. I'm good. I'm good. Probably playing 18 when it gets to like 18, three days in a row. I am just cooked, man. Yeah. I am cooked and I, my swing is all over the place. I'm not made for three days of golf in a row. That's a lot of thinking. That's a lot of thinking. Hey, I can't stay still for that long. Like Right, right around hole six.


I start going, what the hell am I doing here? What happened in my life? Do they have They have burgers on the turn? What are we, how Yeah, yeah, yeah. Once I eat, eat At the clubhouse. That's so funny. When I grew up, my dad, there was a, we used to play at this one place, and I Think it was whole 13, they used to put out Polish sausages and hot dogs and stuff like that. And every time I ate there, my father would go, oh, there it goes. Game over. He's gonna stink now. I'd be like, no, no, no. And I would just eat too much and just get in a little coma and be staring. My father would be going, why did you eat that? I was about say you inspired an entire like generation to get on the golf course, man, I promise you, you did.


I was one of the kids. We used to go up to the public course all the time and just wanted to absolutely hammer 'em and, and hit him with that, the Happy Gilmore swing and everything. That's so great. And we were hockey players growing up, so that that right. That the movie, It hit extra hard. Yeah. It Boy hit so hard, man. And I know you, both of you guys remind me of my friends so much growing up. Like If you met my friends, what you did, you actually saw a few at the U2 show, right? That was awesome, man. Oh, how cool was that concert? That was Incredible. What a night. It. But it was more fun seeing you there, buddy. We love seeing you. No, dude. I was like, I, I was telling Trav, I've told him before, I told him, reminded him again today. I have not been starstruck like much in my life and seeing all of you guys next to me, like the entire ensemble, especially you, it was like, man, what the f where the fuck am I at Right now?


That was cool, man. It's insane, man. I Like, I was like, I came here to watch YouTube and I saw every person that like I ever looked up to, like, and like all of the best shows, all the best movies. Like, it was so cool. It was awesome. Thank you, man. Well, we love seeing you too, bud. We talked about you flying home that night anyways, that was a fun, fun time. But you both, you boys remind me of exact dudes I hung out, out with growing up and you, you two guys, the guys, they would protect me. I was a little bit of a wise guy and, and I had a couple boys like you always around making sure I didn't get beat up too much. Yeah, man. I did. Was it Jason, speaking of kind of like being in a room where you're like, how the fuck did I get here?


Was there ever a moment like that early on for you where you're just like, how did, how did it happened so fast? How did I get here? Yes. What is this? Yes, yes. I'm sure I like, I don't remember anything Saturday Night Live that, that kind of did it to you. Every, every week you'd meet superstars that you grew up with. Dan Croy, like all the, this, the original SNL cast. We got to meet so many of those cast members. And then just comedians we all loved growing up then rock, rock stars, we, you know, we got to meet the, you know, Paul McCartney and Bruce Springsteen and everybody we talked about. All of a sudden we were in the room shooting the shit with 'em. It was incredible. That's awesome, man. Before, before we get off Happy Gilmore though, I was, I'm actually curious, I'm not familiar with how the original like thought process of the movie came, came about.


Oh, Okay. Yeah, and I'm, and I'm a little, I'm pretty curious, like, how, like, was it just you just messing around on a, on a golf course and it kind of connecting the dots or what It it was, it was my dad. Like I said, he liked golf. We used to go to the driving range a lot and I had a, a great friend, Kyle McDonough, who played, ended up playing pro hockey. He a great hockey player in New Hampshire. It's a big hockey town. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. So, so Kyle came out with me and my dad and he didn't play much golf, but he was banging him. We were young, maybe ninth grade or something, I, something like that. And he was banging him. My father kept saying, man, you hockey players, there's something about that, your wrist or the way you turn or something like that.


And, and, and I just was like, I think I was in college or, or finishing up college or just maybe 23. And I, I thought, man, man, that'd be pretty funny to see a guy with a hockey mentality have such a, a big hit that he gets up, gets on the tour and I, I remember calling my dad and telling my dad about it and go, what do you think? And he was like, eh, it could be pretty good. We'll see. You know, we'll see, we'll see. But we, me and my buddy Hur, he who I write all the movies with, we would write that and we'd call my dad and say, does this make sense in, in golf? Do you, when you put, what do you think? Like, and it's all in the hips and stuff like that.


That was my dad. I would say, oh my gosh, what is it? He said, it's all in the hips, baby. That's so good. It's all in the hips. And that's why we wrote that here. You know, Chubs Loves dairy man. What's in store with the sequel? What do you like I don't, without giving away too much, obviously, but like, what are we, what are we looking for here? Well, First of all, Travis, we're gonna have fun because the scene you're doing is with so many great golfers. It's gonna be a amazing, you're gonna be funny as hell. Oh yeah. The movie itself, it's just picks up from a, a older guy who's, you know, played golf a long time, some stuff goes on in his life, he's a little, he's different things are, he's, he's a bit of a mess when you meet happy and, and then we kinda try to get his, his life cooking again.


Wonderful. I love it, man. That's right. I think it's cool. It's gonna be gonna be, I I mean we're trying to make you laugh the whole time, but it's, it's gotta gotta vibe to it. If you doing, if you're doing it, it's gonna be fucking great. I don't even see that. Doubt you on, You on Fallon letting everybody know that you've been waiting for the right storyline. Yeah. You've been waiting to like, feel the moment of it and, and to do it right. Yes, Yes, Yes. We, we got, we got all the trust in the world. You're gonna, you're gonna bring happy back and make em lovable again, man. Thank you, bro. Thank you. I I Love You. I don't wanna I don't want anyone to get let down so you got that in the back of your head. You just wanna make it as, as as good as you're capable. Me and my pal as, I mean, we were just in the room. We just sit every line we're going, we sure, we sure are we sure about this one?


All right, this is good. We, let's move. You know, we're just examining everything. We just just want it to be as, as cool as possible. The original got me on the golf course and also got me in the batting cages doing shit I probably shouldn't be doing, but toughen enough. You did that. Just toughen it off. See, man, I knew you can handle that shit. I would, I'd run from the anything going on to six. How fast of a ball was hitting you? It was like 56 years. It was crazy, man. It's fun Stuff. I was the guy in little league when I got hit by a pitch. I just rolled in the chalk for a fucking 45 minutes. Oh yeah. You gotta wear it. You gotta wear It.


Don't rub. Don't rub it. That's funny. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Boys, did you play the little league baseball too? Oh, Oh hell yeah. You know everything man. Everything sports related, but it was like the, the backyard was like a sports complex, the best. We would go up and get all the used equipment from play again sports. And my dad would get like everything for like $20 and yeah, he would just, it, get the equipment, put it in our hands and let us have some fun with it, man. And, And, and so every day was getting home from school just so you could play sports, right? Absolutely. The best. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's all, it's all we know, man. It's all we know. Cool. Yeah.


Thanks to our sponsored AUDIBLE. Mm. Let AUDIBLE expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive AUDIBLE originals that inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. I do love AUDIBLE. All Right. Now Jason loves these, so you'll love it trying to ditch those bad habits or start some good ones. Maybe Audible's got your back. Just pop open the app and boom, you'll find tons of titles that are right up your alley no matter what you're into, like The Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or Atomic Habits by James Clear Atomic Habits is great. I'm still trying to implement a lot of the things in there that would help my life tremendously, but it's a good book. I'm big on the Energy Bus, energy Bus. Yeah. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and the experience on help relationships, career finance, investing so much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today. When you sign up, you get a free 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash new Heights.


Thank you to Intuit TurboTax for sponsoring today's episode. If your schedule is as unpredictable as ours, trying to lock down an in-person appointment with your tax Pro can get a little bit tricky, but now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live expert on any device. They do Your taxes for you and get you your maximum refund all while you go about your day listening to your favorite podcast. How about that? Who wouldn't love to kick back with a cup of coffee fee propped up while a tech savvy tax expert? Make sure you're getting every dollar out of those business trips. I mean, that sounds like a dream when you Match with a TurboTax Live expert. They have cutting edge tools for any tax situation. It's 2025, it's time to file like it Now. This is Taxes Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.


Thank you to Mintos gum for sponsoring today's episode. You ever notice how everyone's always reaching for gum when they're bored or need a pick me up Talking to exhibit A? Yes, I do understand that 'cause I am always chewing gum when you can't concentrate on a page anymore after studying for so long Or when you're stuck in a back-to-back meetings and need to feel human again. We all Need a little ways to refresh our daily routines and make them more fun. And that's where Mentos Gum comes in. Sometimes it's as simple as popping in a piece of Mentos gum and taking a different route to work. Trying a new lunch spot. Trying a new workout class. Trav, what's your go-to Mentos gum flavor? You're just chewing on these days. Just the traditional, the the the old traditional one. Mint. Fresh. Fresh. Yeah. I like, I'll, I'll go winter green every now and then, or spearmint, but for the most part I'm just like a fresh min kind of guy. Sometimes all you need is a little reminder to refresh the every day and shake things Up. Yes. Too fresh with Mintos gum.


Let's get to a little, little, some, some more familiar questions here. In case you aren't aware, Jason and I are not professional interviewers. I don't even know how to be a professional outside of football. We're just two big fans with a lot of fucking questions for you, man. As football players, we gotta lead with this. How many football guys come up to you and talk about The Waterboy? Man, I Hear Boucher a lot. Yeah, he's, he's, I'm very proud that I got to be Bobby Boucher. I have met a, I've, I've met a lot of great NFL Fellas who have talked to me about Bobby and Bobby's mama and, and foosball. Just foosball. Just foosball baby. Making sure mama don't find out I'm playing foosball.


That kind of shit. We, we have, yes. I'm, I Did You play, did you play growing up? Well, I played Pop Warner till I, at 12. I played till 12. You played before I was a quarterback. I was a quarterback in Pop Warner. I was playing baseball and then I was a pitcher and I was 11. And Ken, Ken Stillman, the coach of the the team came over and talked to my parents and said maybe Adam could be a quarterback. And my mother was like, oh, Adam doesn't play football. And my father was like, let him play because my father played football actually. Okay, nice. He was a linebacker. Oh Yeah. So, so then I got in there, I got on the team, played two years at Pop Warner, and it was, it was amazing. So Cool, man.


So freaking cool. Did you play any other sports? You you played football, baseball. Baseball was my favorite. Basketball, I always played every sport I like. When I was young, I was decent. Then everybody got big and, and way stronger than me. So I became less and less of. You didn't notice me. Like when I played Babe Ruth baseball, I went from being, I was on the Allstar team in little league to like, I think Adam's on that team. I don't know, You know, I was Batten sixth. I went from baton second or third to baton, sixth and seventh and maybe deeper. The older I got the worst. I get worst. Well, but you're still on the courts, man, still. I was about to Say yes.


Yes. Your your your, your skills on the court are iconic because you're just a facilitator. You just see the court. Yes. You see things before they happen. Oh, remind me of a guy like Patty Mahomes and how his game is on the court. I promise You behind the backer that behind the backer that I, I have dreams to throw that to you. Back, back door bounce passes, like, Oh yeah, I'm all backdoor. That's all I ever talk to. Every, because when I play, I always play with young, young dudes and, and I always, if they're not moving, I always like whisper 'em. I go, you gotta move bro. You gotta cut, you gotta stay on the move the back. You gotta go. Let it go. I'll fake up high. Just cut down. Like, you gotta move though for me because I ain't gonna shoot. I gotta get it to you. It's a natural leader baby.


Yeah, I love it, man. It's so fun watching you in all those highlights, man. Oh man. You guys must have been fun on a basketball court grabbing rebounds. Dude. Chasing used to beat my ass. Literally, not even in the, I would win the game, but I would, it would be a brutal ass beating. Oh yeah. And I would just get thrown on the, on the cement the entire, Entire, I used to win until, until you hit puberty, I would whoop your ass. But then there was one day, it's the last time we ever got in a fist fight. Oh yeah. He freaking is just driving the lane and he's finally as tall as I am doing this stupid fucking Fist shot. I had a mean hook Shot. I Can't, it was so buttery life. It was so buttery. I had a right hand hand Left, so I start falling and just Yeah. Beating the crap out of him. But yeah, it's, yeah, I never, I could play defense.


I could play some defense now, but there's minimal offense being picked. I'll set picks. I I will pick and rebound all day long That I see that. I know. That's cool as hell, man. Yeah. You, you boys on the, on the court must have been scary for the whole neighborhood. You told us about how happy Gilmore got. How does, how did you create a, a Creole Southern so good. Like where did the It's so good admiration for Bob. Bob. I'm not sure If you heard us. We were literally Like, I don't know how he didn't win more awards Oscar for this Oscar. Yeah. This was ridiculously good. Boy. This is before I had seen Life is beautiful and Roberto Bonini did a great job with that. He did very good. Yes, he did. He stepped it up for That shit.


But yeah. Yeah. No, I, I wasn't getting Oscars. I never thought of that stuff when I was doing a Boucher, but, but I was, I couldn't believe it. It was like we had this idea, a Waterboy gets picked on a lot, you know, a coach thinks he could be, you know, sees him throw a, a nasty hit and then says maybe you should be on the team. That was kind of the, the, the, the idea. And we were like, let's, let's make him from the south, let's make him Cajun. And then we just went from there, man, we just, I don't know how it happened. We just filled out a script like that. So good. So good. It was, it probably felt right as it came together too. You're just like, man, this is coming together so smooth. 'cause it's so start to finish.


That thing is perfect. Oh dude. I mean we were so excited writing that. Thank thanks for all these compliments, guys. Honestly. I I Love You. I appreciate it. But, but so I remember with The Waterboy we wanted that he had a very protective mama and that, and that this, there was was this movie, Carrie. It it was a, a a terrifying movie. And and it was, and he an overprotective mom who didn't want her, her, her daughter to, to be around anything too, too heavy. And, and, and anyways, So we kinda wrote a, a mom like That that's overprotective to Bobby. And, and so he had to sneak around and play his foosball and shit.


So good man. Yeah. The breadth of which, like you did SNL the comedy era that you were a part of was just so strong. It almost makes it unfair for, for modern day comedy, man. Well, I, I mean I I, I watch these young guys down and they're in Incre. I love so many young comedians. I I really do. And the Saturday night life cast after ours, in the beginning when you first leave, when you and, and you see the next cast, you're like, Hey, what about us? We would this and that. But the older I got, I would watch every cast. I'd be like, fuck, these guys are incredible. And the men and women on the show, and they, the way they, they handled themselves. I, I was like, oh shit, man me, I wish I had another crack at that.


'cause I, I'd do better next time. I like these guys anyways. It was, it was, it was lucky. Lucky. Our, our era. We were all best friends and me, and me and my buddies, just like you guys are with your, with your teammates and, and now we get to watch the, the youth be funny. Do you have any like, skit? Like what was your favorite sketch or the one that you think is like the most underrated from your time in SNL? I mean, hon honestly, fellas, you know, from, you guys both did the show. You guys were great. I saw you that fucking weekend. Insane. Right, Travis, when you came back, I was telling you how fucking, I mean you were so cool. Confident as fuck out there funny as shit. You guys, honestly, you guys remind me so much of my boys growing up.


That's why when I saw you on the show, I was like, fuck. It would be like if my friend Dave Canner hosted the show. It was just kind of like cool fucking dudes who know the know everything. No comedy, no sports, know everything, know how to be decent to their families. I I I fucking loved watching you out there, Just channeling my inner Sandman and Farley baby. There You go. Yes, yes. Oh my God. You would've loved Farley. You would've, he would've loved you guys. Man. Farley was fucking great football player by the way. Heck yeah. Yeah. Heck yeah. A little, little Marquette rugby too baby ab Exactly. And ready to fight, by the way, a couple couple of drinks that he was ready to go. He was Ready to throw down. For Sure. It was, it was honestly kinda like when he had a couple in 'em, we were like, calm the fuck down, bro.


Let's not do This. No one else can fight Like you So good. Man. I like the sauce. Yes. That was one of my favorite ones, dude. Oh, you liking the jewels? This is good. Yeah, That was good. That was this guy, Robert Smigel, who's one of the fucking greatest of all time. Oh yeah. He he's a great writer and a great performer. He plays triumph. The, the dog, you know the insult. Oh yeah. Heck Yeah. That dude, he, he wrote so many great skits and so cool. He, he wrote the juice skit and, and we got to walk around and go, you like juice. Yeah. You like, eh, that's good. I get you knew it smoother than me, buddy. It's so good, man. I Forgot how to drop it in there. It's the best man.


How many times Do you get quotes told? Do you like, just like, I mean, it's gotta be just not stop. We get, we get it a lot on the streets, on the streets of New York. They scream some shit at me. Does It get old? No. No. It's always fucking fun. It's always nice. Like, sh shit when it comes at you that you FII was, there were things brought up to me that I go, what the fuck is that? I have no idea what it is anymore. And then somebody would just remind me when you, you know, it's on your album when you said this and this, and I go, fuck, I don't re I don't remember saying any of that shit. Actually last night my daughter's watching 51st dates and she's like, dad, come watch. I go, I don't need to watch me. And she's like, watch this.


Look how sweet you are. I go, oh and nice. And then I told her, I go, I gotta be honest with you, I remember Drew saying all that stuff. I don't remember me even talking. Like, I, wow. It's like I look back at the shit. I don't even, I don't even fucking remember scene to scene. I'm like, oh, oh, we did that. I didn't remember that place. I being old Voice. Have you, have you been someone that like, you, you like to watch everything that you have or, I mean, I'm sure you're, nowadays you're just, you're so engulfed in, you're in the edit and like directing it and everything, right? Yes, yes, yes. I've done that so long now that once we're done and the movie comes out, I kinda, I probably don't watch it for a few years.


I'll, if it's on tv I'll see it for a minute. But that's usually it. We, we you, you stay with shit for like a year. You go, all right, I don't need to fucking see that anymore. Yeah, I would, I couldn't, I can't really watch anything that I do when it's, when it's being recorded. But I have so much goddamn fun doing stuff like SNL and just like the, the, the comedy stuff that I don't need to watch it. I was so fulfilled doing it. That energy. Yeah. Yeah. That energy is just so fulfilling that I don't wanna ruin it by, by critiquing myself. I know, I know. You definitely, you can look at your shit after and go, oh, I thought I was better than that. What the fuck was I doing That? I got a lot of that percent. Yeah. Believe me, I got shit from when I was young that my kids showed me.


I go, I don't, I don't want to know that fucking exists. Holy shit. That was insane. I watched the monologue because that was a moment that I wanted to remember forever and like I'd like, I just, being on that fucking stage was the cool behind being behind that door and being on that stage and being in that studio was just so iconic. And you fucking walked out like so relaxed, man. How about being behind that fucking door, dude. And Then you should Have, and your heart's pounded through your chest. Like, holy shit. It's happening Right now. Yeah. And just don't you Travis, don't fall down these fucking steps. Do not fall down these steps. You're alive dude. You are alive. You are Should Your brother was there to help you too.


Exactly. That was nice. Was awesome. I was about to say, you should've seen him in the first rehearsal. I was there the day before watching him kinda get ready and he comes out that door and he like starts choking up and I'm like, there's nobody here. This ain't live. Like, what are we choking up for? Yeah. And he was saying exactly, coming like standing behind that door. Yeah. Seeing the signatures, all of that. It like fully hit 'em and it's just like such a moment. So Yeah, Totally. Yeah, That Jason's been beating my ass up my whole life, so I'm a crybaby anyways. I just, I get really, really, I'm engulfing in when I'm, when I'm in on something, I'm so fucking in on it and love it. Just took it over, man. Love. Yeah. It just took me over. It, It it, yeah. It gets you teary eyed. I had some of that. I hosted the show again like around six years ago and same kind of feel.


I'd walk around on a Thursday, two days before the fucking shit the show. And then I was getting teary eyed and looking and so many memories and so many greats that have been there and musical acts and fucking, you just think of when you were a little kid and all the shit, all the joy that place has brought you. It's, it's the best man. Yeah. You're in there forever now. Both of you guys got to kill on that shit. I love it man. You More than anybody I've ever watched has like, it's not that you stayed the same, like I know you've evolved, but you've been so authentic in everything you've done. Like from from SNL to the movies, the standup, the one that just came out, like between what you wear, the people involved in it, like it's all just so authentically.


How have you, I don't know, has this been like, how do you do That same way as you guys would would are doing your lives same shit. You feel comfortable with certain people. Yeah. You have the same wavelength you're on. What makes you guys happy? What what makes you click? Like you with, with teammates or just fucking, you know, off season the guys you hang out with. That's kind of like what I got with my buddies when we make the, the movies and we sit in a room and write the shit and Yeah. Have a si similar sensibility. So I guess that's why we all all do it together, Man. Were you, were you a Belushi and Aykroyd? Yes. Were like going into it. Did you have like the, the guys where you were like, man, if I could just somehow be as funny as that guy.


Well you, I'll tell you, you never fucking think you're as good as the cast before you. Yeah. So like, yes. Belushi, arod, Aykroyd. I mean he became like a, a guy that we hung out with. We got to ha I loved him so much, but, and he treated us so great. So awesome. It's kind of like fucking Andy Reed, just, you have this respect for the fucking guy and What you've seen. Absolutely. And when he talks to you kind of go yes, yes, yes, yes. You feel like you get knowledge all the time, all day and fucking the, the castmates before you, you feel the same shit. You just like, that's awesome. Whatever they say, there's, there's no no reason for me to talk unless they ask me to talk.


And that's about it. I know that Feeling. Got that with Dana Carvey got that with all the guys, Dennis Miller, all the guys who were older than us and, and Jan Hooks and Victoria Jackson and the whole cast that was there before us. John Love, we just fucking Kevin Neelan, all those guys, they, whatever they had to say, we, we were, we were loving it. Just a sponge man. Yes, Exactly. Exactly. That's how you gotta be. I'm a girl dad. My oldest is four, so I got a ways to go. Yes. One, do you have any advice? And two, when should I, I mean, they've seen some of your stuff, but when should I really start exposing them to the Sandman? That's good man. I think at that age, yeah, there's no rush.


Okay. Alright. No rush to get to me. My, my, I got some animated movies that I feel kind of comfortable telling somebody, yeah, maybe you can watch, you know, hotel Chance Man or Leo or something like that. I go, yeah, you'll feel all right there. But like, but I gotta tell you, I have fucking three year olds come up to me and talk about Billy Madison. You know, they do say, are you Billy Madison? I say, yes. They go, well, why do you not look like him anymore? I go, well, Billy Madison's been fucking eating, but he's a little hungry lately. But it'll all happen. My own kids, I don't throw my stuff at him too quick. They, it just, it just happens. My, they haven't, they haven't seen a few of the filthy ones yet and let's hope that they don't need to see that stuff Too good.


Yeah. Well I actually saw you take the girls to, to the Taylor Swift premiere. Yes. At, at the A MCA theaters. That was by the way, what a girl. What a girl You what a, I mean Best performer out here, Dude. She means so much to our house since the kids, I think I was shooting like grownups or that's my boy or something in Massachusetts. And we listened to, and the kids were little and we were listening to Taylor Swift and listening to every song. It was one of the fir first times that you listen to every song on the record. Like when I was a kid, I think The Beatles, you did that with maybe Elton John when you do every tune Oh Yeah, Taylor start to finish.


You know, when we start to finish it. Yeah. It's not like three hits and you go, all right, lemme skip fucking Taylor in our house. Every tune. They knew every word. I loved listening to her in the car. I love what she had to say. Every message, every melody. Just the, the, the production. How cool she was, what she meant to, to young girls, what she means to women. Oh yeah. What she means to guys doing the right thing in life throughout the years Saturday Night Live, saw the kids there, took her time, hung out with them, and then at her, at her premiere for the movie, she talked to the kids and talked to them about their movie. You know, they did this bat mitzvah movie and she talked about what she liked in it, and she just floors my family So cool, man, Floris them.


Like, I, I, I said, somebody asked me, who do you get nervous around? I said, I do get nervous around Taylor Swift because I don't wanna fucking blow it from my kids and say something stupid. So I'm just like, shit, she means so much to my fucking house. I better say the right thing here. Oh gosh. Oh gosh. No. She was so grateful that you, you took the girls up there, Ben, you said it was absolute blast. She's Lifetime forever along with the whole world. She just means, means so Much. I appreciate that brother. And you being together and you being you guys, you're, I mean, that first, when you guys first started dating my guy, was my family like, yes. How could they are? He's a gentleman and, and she's having so much fun with it.


Like anytime Taylor's laughing with you, my whole fucking family's like high fiving and So good. Man, you gotta be sweating over here. We gotta see that dog behind you, dude. Come, Come here baby. Say Time did, Boy, did you just say that? That dog's name is Bagel. Yeah. Bagel Bagels. That's Such a, a good name. That is such a good name. I've had, I've had a bunch of bulldogs over the years. I've had a meatball matzo ball, pi pickles and this is a, a ba and here's a bagel, but bagels adore me now Come here buddy. What the fuck? You want me to pick you up? Come here buddy. Say hi. Oh, got, I'm so pump to see this Guy there. He's Oh yeah, There. He's alright. Oh Yeah. Get outta here.


Go ahead. We had to see him, man. That Georgia Bulldog. Yeah, he's been that's a good one right there. Exactly. The Georgia Bulldog. I don't know how he can handle that heat. Yeah, Dude, they don't like to heat. I know every time he is out there, my good lord He's not in, he's not in his element Right now. They Get the ice out for him. They do the right thing. There We go.


Thank you to our sponsor ACCELERATOR Trav. What flavor you sipping on over there? I'm sipping on a cherry ice pop. Ooh. I got the OG rocket Pop. I've got it at my house. I've got it at the facility. I got a lot of the guys on the, on the team chugging these things. I mean, everybody needs to get accelerated in their life. And What better way to get natural healthy energy than ACCELERATOR baby? If you wanna be energized like us with zero crash or jitters, try it now. Zero sugar is proven to increase your metabolism focus and is proven to burn 165 calories per every Can you drink? That's why I'm drinking these things every, all day, every day, baby. I'm up to like 10 a day. You can go find it at Hy-Vee QuickTrip. And Of course Amazon makes it too easy. Way too easy. You can get it ready front door.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check the tire pressure before a hit in the road. Yeah, yeah. Just like, you know, to check you actually made that reservation for date night. That's A good one too. Don't wanna forget that. Like, you know, to check that you packed your lucky yellow cleats for the big game. That's Right. Well, you better be wearing red, like, you know, to check the grills heating up before everyone comes over on the big Game. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliate in Northbrook, Illinois.


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable. But Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Armand Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and orders. Put Armand Hammer deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer, deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


You worked with a lot of athletes in the, in the past you worked with Shaq, Michael Irvin, Kevin Garnet recently, and Anthony Edwards recently All great. Do you feel like there's like, like an avenue of athletes being comfortable on the screen or Well, You guys, You guys has anybody bombed It basically is what I'm asking. Oh, no, no. I mean, I'm sure No names, no names, no, No. I don't got anybody who I, who left it. I went, oh, what happened there? Man, None of that shit, man. I love 'em all. Awesome. They all come and have fun. We make sure whoever's do, you guys are like doing us favors. I, I know, I know you, you're, you got a busy life and you're coming and gotta make my fucking movie a thousand times better.


So we try to make sure anybody who comes by has a great time. It's a memorable time. And try to get 'em in and out as quick, as quick as possible. Don't want anybody sitting and being bored. So, but, but no, I I've got to meet so many greats over there and ev you guys, you grew up. I think there's some sort of connection to how fucking confident you are and comedy when you're being funny. It's, it's usually if you're confident in what you're saying and committing to something. So If you ask a an athlete, it's probably gonna be a little bit better If you say it like this and you know, be strong when you say it. Yes sir. Let's go. It's guy. You're coachable. Coachable. All you guys are coachable.


Yeah, there you Go. I was about to say gotta be coachable in life, baby. You certainly do. How do you decide to make the jump from comedy guy to like more of like the dramatic stuff in the, throughout your career that was just like, was it just like a challenge that you wanted to do or was it like shit Yeah, yeah, yeah. It, it, it it is that now it's like that now. When I was younger I did a, a movie a long time ago called Punch Drunk Love, and that was just luck, luck. I, I was doing my comedies. Paul Thomas Anderson, who's this amazing guy and amazing director. He, he wrote this movie for me and said, give it a shot. He, he believed in me, so I did it Nice. Had a few of those where, where I work with these elite directors and kind of do my best for 'em.


And it's, it's different than what I do. I, I I, you know, like Waterboy and shit like that, we, we have fun writing that shit and doing that shit and it's the best time we, we could ever have. But when it comes to serious stuff, I just don't wanna let down. There's just like, you guys don't wanna let down the coach, I don't wanna let down the director, so I fucking just commit as hard as I can. Heck yeah. Accountability baby. Exactly. Yeah. So we, we gotta jump into your, we always do Mount Rushmore of, of like Jason did Mount Rushmore. Mount Rushmore Centers. Centers. I did Mount Rushmore. You Mount Rushmore tight in? Yes. Who Is your Mount Rushmore? Of? Of Well, your characters. It says characters on here.


Yeah. Of your, Of your characters. Of my own movie. Like, yeah. Who's Mount Rushmore of your characters, you think? Yeah. Shit, I never, never thought about this. It kind of changes what in which I, I, I love some of 'em one day and then the next day I'm like, why the fuck did I do that? But, all right. Let's see. Billy Madison's always gotta be up there 'cause it was kind of the first movie that they let, let, let me do, let me kind of have a little control. Yeah. Nice. Me and my buddies and, and Tamara Davis was the director and we kinda, we were young and we believed in it, So we got that done. I love Bobby Boche shit, man. I, and I love being that guy. Loved doing movies with Drew Barry Moore and with Jennifer Anderson.


So yeah, that, that, that was just, I can't pick, I don't know what my guys' names are in those, but whoever I was in those Right now. I, I guess, yeah. I don't remember at all. I know Robbie Hart was one of them, but I Love Making that. Whatever I did with those guys, I'd like to put up there. No, we Alright, I'm with you. And I don't mind putting little Nicky up there too with dude. There you go. There you go. My one of my sneaky favorites you here, brother. Seriously. Another one. Another one. Where gets better. Where you engulfed. You just brought us all in with this. Yeah. Yeah. It's so good, man. The sideways base and the, Oh, so good man. Oh man. I remember Nicholson, I met, I met Jack Nicholson before we did our movie together.


And he said, now, before we start this, before what, what type of movie is it? Is it Little Nicky? And he goes, Hey. And I gotta go. Oh, Nicky just did it, Nicky, to me. That felt nice, Man. That's so, so cool, man. Yeah. That cool. That's so cool. That, well, I'll tell you what, that's probably the, the most epic Mount Rushmore I've ever fucking heard. Oh yeah. I love, love. That's ugly dude. I Little Nicky up there with something. This Isn't on this, this isn't on the rundown, but I want to hoos your Mount Rushmore comedians like on your list. Well, my guys, when I was young. Yeah. I love, I love so many now I got, Of course it's all broad. It's, it's much broader than it was, but as a kid, what fucking connected me the most?


Rodney Dangerfield was my, that was my number one. Get Dangerfield love Rodney love ga shack. Love back to school. Oh yeah. Back to school. Yeah. So good. Maybe the best. So good. The best. And I got to meet him and hang with them. Fucking loved him. So cool and shit When I was young, I loved the Jerry Lewis, the a Costello, the Marx Brothers. I loved that stuff 'cause I would watch that with my parents. Had a great time with that. Then I loved, you know, Belushi and Akroyd was, was Power in my house. Eddie Murphy. Eddie Murphy. Oh dude, that was kind of it too. Eddie fucking standups. You know, Steven Wright was a big deal to me. Cheecha Chong Fucking love Chee.


Yeah, baby. Funny love. Yeah. Yeah. I had a million Funny of 'em actually. The the special one, the last song. Yeah. I tried to throw a lot of the people who meant something to me in, in there. I, I miss this, this, this, there's this comedy record. Derek and Clive. You guys ever hear of them? It was, it was Dudley. I have not Dudley Moore. Okay. Who played Arthur. You remember the movie Arthur English guy drank a lot of booze, funny as shit. Yep. He was in a comedy duo with this guy Peter Cook, and he had these albums that they used to curse a lot. They'd get drunk together and be funny together. And when, and somehow my father got it for me and I was in like fucking sixth, seventh grade listening to that going, oh my God, this is the best. So they had a big influence on, on my cursing, I believe We're football podcasts.


We gotta get into a little bit of your, your qb You already told everybody that you were kind of a, a, a Pop Warner qb, but the longest Yard man. Yes. How much like prep in the NFL were, were you just out there winging it knowing that you still had the skillset or was Nah. Did you actually, was you take some, some pointers from some guys? I was scared, man. I was, by the way, fellas, when I was at qb, I dropped so many snaps. I used to, I used to, I got my coach used to go, would you get your hands in there? I was. So I've been there. I didn't get in there. I was terrified. As a center, you gotta feel the pressure. You gotta feel the pressure. I apologize to you and every, everybody before you, Jim Otto, everybody.


I, I, I made a mistake. I, I felt so bad. Get my hand on that cup, but, but I fucking, when I got my hands in there deep man, I, it always worked out. Oh. But yeah, no, I took Sean Salisbury was nice enough. He a, a great guy. He fucking every day would throw the ball with me. Taught me how to throw it a little farther. How to be a little more confident with that. 'cause when I, when I was pop born, I like, it would be like straight T 26 on, on break, on, on set. Sot 26. All right, ready break. Then I'd get out there, my little baby voice. I would throw that, that quarterback thing on. Can do I do that bullshit?


I I was bullshit when I did it. I never, I never sounded it cool, but I remember legit Salisbury would always yell at me like, oh, you gotta command that team. Get out there and fucking be a be a man about this. This is so fucking good. Sorry, bagel. So, Oh gosh, in 97 you wrote a song called The Lonesome Kicker. Yes. Loved It. Would you ever write a song about any other positions or has that come up in your mind? Any other sport like that or what Man, Shit. Yeah. I mean, if something fresh comes up, for sure man, but we did, we did fucking have the best time. NFL films helped make a video with us.


We, we, I, I got to hang out with a bunch of Steelers, Cordell Stewart, the, the, the bus. Yeah. They were all in, in the video. We hung out there. I've had a lot of dreams come true, but I met a lot of you, you dudes and I Love You all. You're the best dude. Thank you. Well, let's get to some no dumb questions with the Sandman himself. I'm ready. The segment is called No Dumb Questions because there's no such thing as dumb questions, Adam, just dumb ass people like me and Jason. Would you, would you mind helping out with just one baby? Please? Please make me a part of it. Let's do this. All right. From hey, buck Nasty. Who, whatever that may mean, out of, out of all the movies that The Sandman is dropping, we still want to know what's happening in Bobby Boucher and Vicki Val Court's life.


Did Bobby ever make it to the NFL? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, first of all, the good news is Bobby saw Vicki's boobies and he liked them. Ooh, loved them. Actually loved them, he said like, but at the, in that moment, he loved them. He loved them. And, and he, and thank you very much Vicki LaCour for, for that. He did go to the NFLI believe, played a couple of years. Mama was just, mama wanted him home. So we had two good, good years running around with the, with the teams, you know, saw some shit he probably shouldn't have seen. Things got a little crazy on occasion for Bobby, especially when they'd go to Vegas and then he made himself back to Mama and just fucking, you know, it's be, it's better off in the Miami.


It's a beautiful story. Yeah, we go. It's a beautiful story, baby. We had to at least figure out what happened, baby. Yeah, yeah. Thank You. And that, that, that wraps it up with no dumb questions today. That's enough, man. Honestly, Adam, we can't thank you enough for jumping on with this brother. Oh yeah. You are the, you are the goat yo of the comedy that we grew up on. You and, and I can't thank you enough, man. You shot me the text after SNL and it was like the full life circle moment of, of seeing, just feeling like I'm a part of something as cool as, as the Sandman. So I appreciate you even jumping on having some fun down memory lane with us. And everybody make sure you check out the, the Netflix special he's got coming out, man, Appreciate that. And boys, on your end, on your end, both of you so fucking happy for everything.


You guys got all, all you've done. Congratulations, Jason, on, on your, I know you're gonna have a, a great time announcing and doing a, a new, new start. Do luck. You kicked so much ass. The fucking speech you gave when you guys won was unbelievable. The Funniest big dude. The best, the best Ever and the best. You're such a, everyone loves you and, and Travis so fucking great watching you dominate out there and just bulldoze and soft hands and just a stud always in the right spot. I don't know how the fuck you get so open or when you're not open, it doesn't matter. They're still, he's gonna get it to you. You'll make shit happen, both of you guys. So, and, and by the way, Jason, my, you, you know the cross-eyed guy in all my movies.


Yes. He's in, well he is in the special, he's In the exactly. He Gives you the coffee. Exactly. The biggest fucking Eagles fan. Loves you, loves you and I and when you guys fucking won hold his shit was their relief around that fucking guy's depression. Every time the Eagles wouldn't win on Sunday, I'd be like, will you fucking wake up? You've been sleeping for fucking 20 hours. It's over. We're on to next week. But you winning the Super Bowl was the greatest buddy. He loves you. We all Love You both, both of guys and your family. Say hi to your parents and say hi to Y both your families and Taylor. Tell her we love her too. You Know that you're the best dude, okay? The absolute best. Thank you. So we won't take any more of your time, man, this sand man. Ladies and gentlemen, Right on boys.


We'll keep this computer on, don't worry. There We go. Oh, you're the man, dude, okay, peace. Can't thank you enough for the time. We'll see you in a few weeks brother. All That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you so much to Adam Sandler, the Sandman for coming on.


Make sure you subscribe to YouTube and the new Heights Channel and follow new Heights on the Wondery app or wherever each podcast reminder, you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


And for all the 92 Percenters listening on Wondery, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Unless you don't want to, then don't do it. But we would sure appreciate it. I encourage you guys to do it. Once again, new Heights is a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Thanks to our production and crew. You guys are still the best. Absolutely. And thank you to all the 92 Percenters for tuning in. Yeah, we'll see you guys next week. Hey, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast.


You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


As athletes, we value quality sleep and recovery, which is why we love our next sponsor Sleep Number. Sleep Number beds are the best beds for couples because you can individualize each side. Ooh, That's, that's racing. You like yours, firm soft. I'm right around 50. I go from 50 to 60 Sleep Number beds also show your sleep quality every morning in the Sleep Number app. And If you struggle with sleeping too hot Sleep Number has the right temperature solutions for your best night's sleep. Make sure you stop by a Sleep Number store. Check 'em out.