
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, Peloton. One of the reasons we love Peloton is they have a huge variety of challenging classes, whether it's running, walking, strength training, Peloton sports, your different athletic needs throughout the year, off season, in season, or in retirement, Backed by thousands of members whose lives are already changed by their workouts, experiences, and community. Plus, Peloton helps you get stronger with strength classes, workout generators, and personalized programs on the Peloton trip and Strength Plus App. We know sticking to a routine can be hard, but Peloton helps you break through fitness, boredom, fitness plateaus, and ultimately achieve your goal. Find Your push, find your power with Peloton at one Peloton dot com.


Thanks to our presenting sponsor, HBO's, the last of us HBO's biggest series. The Last of Us Returns with a new season on Max Heck. Yeah. Five years after the events of the first season, Joel and Ellie are drawn into conflict with each other and the world even more dangerous than the one they left behind. Ooh, CNN calls the last of us exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype. I do enjoy it based on the groundbreaking video game, the Emmy Award, winning HBO original series. The Last of us premieres April 13th on Max. You can listen to the official, the last of us podcast, wherever you get your podcasts.


It was like seven or eight years in a row where I had off season surgery. It might've been blessings for us. Forces you to Force you to be in the fucking building. I would've been fucking outta here, Right? Especially as, as a young player, as my man Charles Barkley says, bro, you got somebody with the money and time and bad habits. It ain't a matter of if, it's a matter of when. Yeah. Chuck, welcome back to New Heights. Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls are Wonder Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Schwab men. No Nonsense Self Care for Men. We are your host. I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio.


Shout out to the Cavs baby. Yeah, it's playoff basketball, baby. Let's go. Let's go man. Let's go. Number one, seed do Gone. You gotta love it, man. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. Okay, first I gotta touch on this. No Nonsense Self care. Have you ever, do you remember Brian Regan the standup comedian? Yeah. I, I'm, I'm better with faces with comedians. I'm pretty sure Regan had a, a bit where he would the, the no nonsense. Well, what about the nonsense self hair? Like, and that's all I can think of is like no nonsense. Like are they just saying all the other self-care is nonsense self-care.


I'm pretty sure that's exactly what they're saying. What's a nonsense? Self Care for Men. Item beard oil. No, no. That Feels pretty nonsensical to me. No, I think beard oil is solid. Solid. That's, that's a no nonsense. That's what what else is self Care for Men? What's another men product? Another men product. No Nonsense. Nonsense would probably be like Gold bond powders. Like what do we, why does that product still exist? You're Right now with like compression shorts, you don't need that stuff. And even if without compression shorts, they gotta make some type of gel that is more efficient than this powder getting all over the fucking place. Like, No, man, the powders, you gotta keep it dry.


That's what keeps it sliding around the, the, If you put a lubricant in there, it'll get too fucking moist. Yeah. But they make those gels that have like a powdery gel. It just seems a little archaic to be throwing like corn starch, zinc oxide dust into the air and then rubbing it on your Pants. Oh, you're big. You're big. All right. I'm Big guy. I know. I do my research on my ingredients. Yeah, and you're big on the environment. I didn't know that. That's right. M all into No Nonsense Self care. This nonsense. Self-care can kick rocks. All right. Coming up on this episode, we've got another great episode for you guys. It's mostly just gonna be the fellas today. That's right.


Hey, whoop, Hope you enjoyed all the guests we've had on, and yes, we have heard your feedback. We will have a chiefs player on soon note to Travis. Please ask a chief so that they can stop bitching at Brandon and Jake that we don't have any chiefs on. I didn't realize we didn't have any chiefs on. I got the perfect guy who, Who, who's, who are we rolling with? Creed, Trey. I just said that so that it could like lead up to me asking. Oh, okay. Just So we don't have the perfect guy yet. Okay. Well Creed, I'm hoping it's you. Anyways, today we're gonna check in with the NFL off season. That's right. A lot of things happening. The draft is coming up. Yes, sir. It's exciting time in the NFL landscape teams are back in the building next week. I guess somewhere back in this week maybe.


We're also gonna do a little mock draft ourselves. How about it In the, in the form of an NFL draft around some nonsense categories. And also our first NFL expert will be stopping by. We talked About, We talked about a couple weeks ago doing a salary cap episode. Yeah. Well, We're gonna have a salary cap expert on the episode today. Yeah. Hopefully the 92 Percenters, they, they spoke up. They did. Hopefully this is the start to a bunch of NFL experts, whether it's equipment managers, people that work in the league office. I'd love to take this show to new Heights. I think both Travis and I would Yeah. Like to take the show to New Heights and our fan base in new Heights with our understanding of the inner workings of the NFL.


That's right. I'm with You. All Right, now it's time for new news.


New news coming in. High new News is brought to you by American Express. Yes, it is. It is Right now, don't leave home with Tyler New news.


I've been nominated for outstanding personality and emerging on air talent sports Emmy. Ooh, you're up against Ryan Fitz. Pat, you Fitz Magic. You're fucking done. Dude. That guy's the best. I mean, look at all these, everybody in list. I'm fucking screwed, man. If he smiled, he would've won it, but he doesn't smile. I think he still is gonna win it. Saban killed it on college game day. Richard Sherman Prime video baby. And then Jay Wright, CBS and TNT, the old Villanova coach. Jay Wright. Yep. Jay's awesome. He's, yeah, he was killing it. Incredible coach. And he's been killing it on CBS. How about Prime video? TNF has two emerging talents. And Ryan Fitzpatrick and Richard Sherman, both of those guys also.


He kills it, man. Yeah, you already know both of 'em are the absolute best and fucking hella football players too. Yep. Ryan Fitzpatrick, also fellow Wave podcaster. That's right. Okay. Shout out to Ryan Fitz, him and Fitz and Witt. It's not magic. It fits Magic And Witt, I thought it was gonna be all right. Anyways, fits and Witt. All right, here we go. Past winners of this award are Noah Eagle in 2024 and Greg Olson in 2023. Gre my motherfucking dog. Some good company right there. What a guy, man. Yeah. Listen, this is my third nomination for a sports Emmy. Yeah, you're killing him, man. You gotta get one. You gotta get one. Eventually. I'm Really good at getting nominated, whether it's Sports Emmy's, sexiest Man of the Year.


I'm a great nomination. Yeah, You're Not a great winner. You're a ribbon winner. You're a ribbon winner. We need you to win the award, Jason. But you're getting ribbons like we Can't put our finger on it. We like him, but he he's just not the best. Yeah. Right. Story Of my life. There we go. You're my, you're my favorite. Jason. I'm the Travis Kelce brother Emmy award winner. Dude, I'll tell you what, you did win a win a Emmy for In My Heart for what's that? Was this blood sport parody? Hey, when Bo Allen, we've got a new garage beer commercial coming your way. The long awaited blood sport parody that Jason and and Bo have been brewing up.


And if there was an actual blood sport, who is winning your bo? That's the real question. I'm beating the fuck outta of Bo. I'm just way smarter than I outsmarted him for years playing offensive line center verse nose guard. He's a brute force guy. He thinks about things very simplistically. I, you know, thus Kelsey's we're flanking. Come on now. Come on now. We're flanking the fuck outta Bo Allen. We're we're deception is what we Are. That's right. That's right. I'm gonna find a way. I don't care if it's pocket sand, I don't know what it's gonna be that's gonna take me over the top against Bo, but I'd take him down. If you guys haven't seen this commercial, you are going to want to, it's the fight or Jason's training for the the B brute It. It's hard to explain because this thing makes no sense whatsoever.


No, it makes all the sense. And it, If it has, it doesn't make sense for somebody just watching the video. I'm sure it will eventually. So, yeah. Well and this is just like a owning a beer company is weird 'cause you start to understand commercial structure and how they advertise things and how things are pushed. And like a lot of it comes in like 32nd blocks, 62nd blocks and how they pay to push it out to people to see it. It's almost like a trailer for the actual full video that we made with Bo and I. Yeah. Where I'm doing more training and there's a little bit more dialogue. But it's mostly just a eighties movie, nineties early nineties action movie montage. Yeah. We were trying to think of different things and I come up with all sorts of stupid ideas and I've always loved the movie Blood Sport in particular.


I've loved those old martial arts movies of the eighties and nineties. Like I just, I love all of the them The best. They're absolute best. I was a huge blood sport fan. We also, this is kind of like part blood sport part Beverly Hills Ninja, Beverly Hills Ninja, The Two, which was another one of Our most opposite action movies ever. But the combination of the two is perfect. And I couldn't kill what Rotten Tomato says about Beverly Hills Ninja. That movie is a classic. It is 90% or more on Rotten Tomatoes If you asked me. That's right. And the Kelsey vote. It is. Well this is part one. Part two is gonna be in the actual filming of the B Brew mate, which will be the creme de la creme Fight tournament happening.


I can't wait to see how you do And we'll see who, we'll see who finishes with the last beer. I don't know. I like thinking about these old eighties movies and nineties movies. How could we per diem and have fun with it? So this was a lot of fun to put together. Yeah. We filmed it at like a legitimate dojo down in Florida. Sebastian was kind enough. Sensei Sebastian I think was kind enough to let us use his dojo and everything he had down there. It was teach me actually how to like do some karate moves, which is pretty awesome. Dude. I'm not gonna lie. You look pretty smooth. I look terrible. But No, no, no, no. It was the video. The video that I saw that I'm not sure everybody has seen yet. You looked like a fucking Well, just like you were in the zone.


Next video. I'm gonna be at my peak. That's the way it's gonna work. Well I can't wait. Jason, have you shown the girls blood sport, your girls, they Have not seen blood sport. No, they Haven't. No. I don't think Blitz sport be that interesting to them. Are you kidding me? John Claude van Dam's like the hottest guy on earth. John Claude Van Damm is hot. He does the splits. I mean he does the splits better than anybody ever seen. Great splits guy. We did recently just watch Miss Congeniality. Oh nice. Sandra Bullock. Yep, Yep, yep. Shout out to Sandra. Good movie. Good movie Classic right there. They love it. Good movie. They were kind of in and out or whatever. I mean, I don't know how you don't like that movie. It's just a good feel good movie. You know, classic Tale of a Beauty pageant Gone awry with, you know, the, the operator trying to kill everyone because she's being pushed out of it.


Nice. And the, and the FBI and police getting involved over. Yeah, no, I think we've all heard this story before. What was the first rated our movie? You ever remember watching First rated movie? Oh man, I don't know. What about you? Do you know We definitely, we definitely watched a bunch with, with Ed, with Big, big Ed had did we? I Wouldn Call Mom was usually more forward thinking. I feel like in the movies, dad was not a big show. R-rated movies. The kids, I didn't think, The one I remember watching that I didn't even realize was rated R like was American Pie. And that was when we were like 10.


I feel like I had to have watched a couple before that. But That was not with dad. That was not with dad. That wasn't with mom either. I was just fucking going to the movies. And You went to the movie theater. Theater to see American Pie. Yeah. They'd let you in. I forget how I got in. But yeah, I might've been there with somebody else's parents. I don't know. Mom might've let me go. Yeah. I Feel like I watched that at the house with mom. Mom liked our comedies and she would let us watch our comedies. Dad started letting us watch our action movies, but I felt like it was later. Dad really liked, it's so funny thinking back to these comedy heroes or these action heroes. What's the fucking dude that lives in Russia now?


Steven Segal dad loved him. Some Steven Segal Hilarious. I couldn't fucking stand those movies. I don't know what it was about that dude. I was just, There's the one where he gets like put in a, a coma. He gets outta the coma to avenge his, like these people that killed his family. Great movie. It's really, really good. The one that I do remember, I still remember sitting with dad 'cause I just got lost at one of the state fairs. You remember that when I got lost at the state fair and you guys had to Come up. Do I? Of course I do. So We were sitting down in the movie, I Think it was called Shutout. It was either Shutout or Shootout with John Claude Van Damm where there's a bomb in the ice rink.


Yes. You Remember this movie? Yes. God damn, you're taking me back. It's fucking great. He's there with his son at the game and he, he has to save everybody in this arena from this bomb. Very realistic scenario. Of course. He Tells his son Don't move, and the kid just doesn't move. He just keeps sitting there. And I remember dad leaning over to me mid move. He be like, huh, smart. Good. I just had to teach a lesson real quick. He doesn't go off wandering around like a fucking idiot. Big ed, smart kid, eh, Smart kid. Take notes.


That's like Dan Jean cl van dam's playing goalie now. None of this movie makes any sense. That shit was fucking great though. I was locked in, man. Had a Great glove saved there We digressed. Let's keep this thing moving. Last Bit of new news. We've got a new masters champion Trev. Did you watch Dude? I did. And it was electric. I, the whole time I was thinking, they're like, oh man, am I gonna go to the masters on Sunday? Am I gonna find a way to get down there to watch this epic ending? I mean, it did not disappoint Bryson making a fucking run on Saturday. And then, you know, Justin Rose just trying to hold on. And it was, and then Rory just going up and down.


Oh, he just, and then just skyrocketing. They kind of, dude, it was unbelievable. It was so fun to watch and shout out to Rory. How, how about that? A career Grand slam. There's only been five of them before Now. Six. Yeah, I was rooting for Rory going into it. Were you I was, I actually had money. I had money on Rory. I'm very happy about this. I had very small, I'm not a big GAMBLER, but I did have some wagers on Rory. Listen, Rory seems like an awesome dude. He's accomplished everything in the, in golf outside of this. And he's playing so well Right now. So I think everybody's excited about it. Dude, the last day, that might be the most, I've sweated watching golf in my life, like right from the get go.


Really? But he'd like double bog. He's like, Bryson is tied. Then Bryson goes up a stroke after what, two or three holes and I'm just like, dude, what the, he's, he's collapsing again. Like I, it, I couldn't help but Think It was an emotional rollercoaster. He Storms back. He's got a commanding lead Dude. Insane. And Then dude that putt on 18. I'm just like, I Can a six footer. Listen, I missed you just, I missed an eagle putt. It's right there, there I've i an eagle putt right at that list. Just because you know how much getting an eagle would mean, right? You're sitting there and you're like, I'm gonna make this. This is so good. I I can't believe I And you pull it or you push it. I think everybody can like relate to that moment. But the fact that he lost to Bryson last year on a very similar putt, dude, It had been over 10 years since my dog has won a fucking major.


How crazy is that? And, and, and, and that's the putt that you, you have it in the bag. All you gotta do is just make that putt and it, bro, you could see him sweating it. Oh my gosh bro. And then just fucking said, you know what? Enough is enough. The bounceback was great And went into that playoff dude. It was so fucking satisfying seeing him go up and down and up and down and Justin Rose, I, I'm not gonna lie, I thought he was gonna drain that putt and put the pressure on him. I thought he was gonna drain that putt at on 18. What Was weird was I was rooting for Rory the whole time. And then the whole story of Justin Rose and how many runner ups he's had, right? And how close he's been.


Yeah, a number of times it was really just like, man, I, I don't know who's gonna win this. I'm kind of rooting for both. But the moment Rory hit that freaking second shot on the overtime shit Stuck it, That was amazing. Beautiful Shot man. It Did not disappoint the masters is always exciting. Probably the most exciting Sunday of Master's golf I've ever seen in my life. My dog Justin Thomas dropping an ace in there man. It had a hole in one. There we go during the masters, that shit has to feel fucking electric. I got Max Hoa getting it going man. Not, hasn't necessarily been his years. Been knocking on the door, put up a fucking super respectable store and happy as hell.


He got it going. But yeah man it was, it was a fun, fun weekend. Is there a football equivalent of the Grand Slam? I don't think there is, but we can sure try to make one. I don't know. I'm biased. I would say something like winning back to back Super Bowls. I don't know. That's where I went to. I think there's like, I forget how many teams I've already forgot. Small amount of teams. Yeah, those dynasties. However, whatever you want to call 'em Di whatever you want to call 'em. I don't even, that's up for you guys. You know I don't put myself on my Mount Rushmore.


Oh Whatever you kids Are calling them nowadays. So Good, so good. Yeah. Nine teams. I mean back to back definitely was actually where I went first too. Brandon and Jake have a good one in the run. I don't know who put it in here, but MVP Super Bowl because it does feel like back to back is a team thing and it feels like grand. You're Grand Slam is like what is an individual accomplished multiple things that every, pretty much everything you could accomplish at a certain in the NFL, that's like the highest of the NFL. So what are you going with? Well they have MVP, super Bowl. Super Bowl MVP. I would also put up Walter Payton. I mean that's not a career that's more like off the field stuff that, but that's a great one.


What about like rookie of the year? Like, I'm trying to think what are the all the like major milestones of like super, it's MVP offensive or Defensive Player of the year? Offensive and Defense. Rookie of the Year. Rookie of the year. Super Bowl. Super Bowl. MVP. Yeah, I Think that's how many guys have done that? Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, I don't know who's all won everything. So Anybody do any research on that? I don't fucking do any research. I let you guys research it up. What's the question? What are you asking? Have you been listening to anything Brandon? It's Fucking super clear. What do you do? Okay, we've, we've done some research.


We've come back, we probably just gonna cut up really weird to you guys, but the N-F-L-M-V-P, there's been seven players who have won the N-F-L-M-V-P Super Bowl MVP and led their team to a Super Bowl victory all in one season. Yes. Seven players have done that in one season. So if we made it an entire career, there'd probably be too many players to compare this to a grand slam of golf. Yeah. So I think that's it. I think it's that. So that's the trifecta League, MVP, super Bowl, MVP and Super Bowl victory. So These are the seven players who have done it. Somebody can add these pictures of Pat Mahomes and Pat Mahomes, Terry Bradshaw, He's won.


He's won the Grand Slam at such a young age. He has. Yeah, it's probably the youngest to ever do it. He's like Tiger when he won the Grand Slam right, We could be like tagging his daddy. Was Tiger The youngest to win a grand slam? Brandon It is Tiger Woods. Yeah. Oh yeah baby at 20, at 24 years old. Oh my God. He did it before Pat did trifecta in football. My God, what the fuck have I done with my life? It's whatever Last masters things. Lots of fans have been pointing out online how much they enjoyed the masters banning cell phones. Travis and I have experienced that both ourselves.


It's fantastic. It's awesome. Except for they still have like photographers that could take pictures of you and sell it to media outlets. Oh, I don't care about that portion. I'm just talking about people being present and like actually enjoying the event rather than just like being On their phones. Oh, I thought you were talking about Yeah, I have no problem with people taking my picture. I've, I gave weight of that a long time ago. Nice. Yeah, I think I'm all in on cell phones. I, I wanted to buy a, I thought it'd be cool to buy a bar and say no cell phones. Get back to just talking to people. Yeah, I just, I'm in on the no cell phones and I'm too addicted to my cell phone to where if there's not a rule I'm gonna be on my cell phone.


So I need a rule that's hilarious to tell me to get up off my cell phone. This is an awesome tweet from Charles Robinson. One of the coolest parts of this moment when Rory won it is seeing the crowd. Everybody is actually watching it through their eyeballs and not just a bunch of phones and cameras pointed at 'em. I agree man. And maybe it's just 'cause I'm old Except for the guys with the cameras right there. Yeah, but those are press people. Or you bring in a camera, you can bring a camera and that's completely different. Is that right? You can bring a camera in. I don't think it's about the cameras, it's a little bit about the cameras but like I think it's definitely about the cameras. Well It's the cameras. It's about being present. Oh, it's about being on The phone and Yeah. Alright. It's also like any, anytime like anything big is happening.


Everybody's just holding their phones up rather than just being in the moment. I think it's different to me, but I'm also probably just an old curmudgeon. I think it's one thing that the masters for sure among the thousand things, things curmudgeon, the masters gets right. This is one of them. And I wish more events would do it like this. Yeah. All Right. That does it for new news. Brought to you by American Express, Thanks to our presenting sponsor, SUAVE MEN.


Alright. Trav Sweatiest moment of your life. Go St. Joe Training camp 2013. It was the hottest sweatiest hardest working, most ridiculous day of my life. Let's be real. When you're sweating like that, you need something strong to keep you Fresh. That's why we're talking about New Suave men's deodorant. Mm. Love it More. Sweat stopping power than the number one brand out there. So no matter what's making you sweat, you're covered In the sense we got some pretty good ones. Ocean Charge, stress Protect, active sport. Whether you wanna smell fresh, stay cool or power through swabs. Got you covered. Best part, no overpriced nonsense. Just strong protection that actually works for under $3. Wow. That's actually insane. Smell Good. Stay dry and don't be the guy everyone avoids in the locker room. That's a winning game plan right there. Cut the bullshit outta your routine with new swab. Men's deodorant available now at retailers nationwide.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's dog. Hey, You know what time it is? Dog time. It's time for a fresh approach to dog food and that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's be honest, traditional pet food is super processed and who knows if you're serving the right amount, right? It's true. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They handle All the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and boom, your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and happy. The best part they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the Morning. That's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


We've got a lot of big matchups heading into this week's slate of games. Brandon, let's have you construct a pick set on Draft KINGS. Pick six your favorite picks for the weekend. To create a pick set. You choose just two or more players and select whether they'll have more or less than a certain stat. And play for huge cast prizes. That's it. That's It. It's that easy. Jason Kelsey, here's what Jake and I had a lot of fun with last year, doing little tiny picks in these little stat lines. So I'm gonna go DeMar DeRozen, less a half a steal and I'm gonna do Zach Levine less Two and a half turnovers. That's a great start. You can also select other players like Yoic to have more or less than that same number of points. Let's pick one more for this week. Do you think Anthony Davis will have more or less than eight and a half rebounds? I'll go more on eight and a half rebounds. I'll do that for you. We're just Sharing two picks today. But you can make your whole pick set on the pick six app now and If you get all six picks correctly, you can minimum 25 times your cash dunk on your competition and it might be worth 500 times your cash. That's the type of upside pick six provides. Now that everyone knows about some of the awesome picks that are available on DraftKings, pick six. You're ready for the games. Those of you who haven't checked them out yet can get new customer offers. All new customers who pay $5 will get $50 and pick six credits available in most states, including Texas, California, and Missouri. Get in on the action now. Download the draft kinks. Pick six app now and sign up using promo code new Heights. Pick six and pick upside Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


NL off season. We are officially in off season training mode. It's a little bit weird at this time of the year because OTAs are about to start up. I think they might have started up for some teams. Other teams are getting gear in, but we are. It's officially in the Instagram workout season where people are posting Well That's the entire off season. It's true. Yeah, it's true. My man, Cooper Deje and Ryan Clark had this back and forth on social media. Coop gave Ryan the shush at the top of the break. He loved the shush. Ryan couldn't keep up with it. My guy. Rc, You absolutely love the shoe. I mean look at that backpedal to the, I mean in in fairness to Ryan, he's not in cleats, which he's trying to keep up with somebody in cleats.


That's gonna be a tough task. Well no, Ryan, do you understand how DB drills work? Ryan is working the drill as a coach. Right? And he's, and he's making sure that Cooper stays with him and stuff like that. He was trying to make a break. I know he wasn't necessarily trying to keep up with Cooper. Well I know in a sense, but he's trying to give him a cut. Deje was trying to keep up. Yeah, exactly. I Think either way Ryan's in tennis shoes. It's hard to cut. For those of you that try and do this without cleats on, it's a, it's a difficult task. Cooper looks pretty good though. Yeah, he's working with the best man. Yeah, Instagram workout videos. This is an example of a good one to post. I, I never really liked the Instagram post from most guys 'cause I feel like a lot of it is just like a, there's just so many guys that I know that have gone in, done curls, taken a picture and then walked up out of the gym.


Really? And it's like, did youre, oh yeah. It's like man. Oh okay. And then you see it on Instagram. Oh you, I don't know that you really got a lot outta that workout bud. That's my own 2 cents on it. Not a huge fan of the Instagram workouts. There's another reason I hate Instagram. I think there's a lot of snake oil salesmen on social media that fucking have awful programs that top guys go to that are highly successful because top guys are ridiculously skilled players and that this guy is not a good player or a good trainer to go to for the vast majority of players. Yeah. And you gotta vet it man. Yeah. But also you gotta do what works for you. Yeah. Because obviously if you're a great fucking player and you're going to a a decent trainer, just an average trainer, you better be getting the most out of what you're doing regardless.


You know, I think what you just said is you gotta do what works for you and I think what works for, when you play for in the league for a long time, you start to develop the habits that make you your optimum self. It's hard to know what's in the best interest of everybody. Players usually figure it out that are really good, that play for a long time and have longevity. Yeah. There's a lot of guys that don't figure it out and they never reach their potential. Or a lot of guys that focus on the wrong stuff or they go to too many places and then they're getting hurt all the time. I think you're right. I think at the end of the day you gotta trust what works for you. What translates the best and is making you a better player.


Yeah. The first thing is, first you gotta be, you gotta be real with yourself. You gotta be real with yourself. What do I lack at? Where do I need to improve? Right. And then you have to be real with yourself and how hard you have to work to be better at that. Yeah. And I think, you know, once you find those two questions, you start finding an answer for it and you start to look for and seek for the best ways to get that done. And you know, that's the professionalism. Those are the routines and the off season routines that you have to set for yourself to be able to be, you know, the best you can be. Right. Other NFL off season news, max Crosby is officially the first active NFL player to be named assistant GM of a college football team. How about that? Assistant gm?


That's Right. Oh shit. Max out here doing some big shit. Eastern Michigan alma mater. Yeah, There's something about like being the GM where it feels like it's too much of a like listen, I'll be like the help recruiter guy but make calling me GM is like, dude I'm not like making an that official title or like I'm committed to this like that. You know what I Mean? I it sounds, it sounds like Max is man, I mean I hear you. No, I mean he definitely is. I think that that's the case. That's why this is so cool. Yeah. That's awesome man. Going back to the Mac baby. This Is what college sports has turned into. Like the reality is like all of these schools now are going to these big name players to help with recruiting and IL deals, garner attention around it and to have really high caliber players tied into the organization that uplifts 'em.


Right. We saw Andrew Luck do something similar out in Stanford. Max taking it to the next level by being an active player in doing this. Yeah. It'll be interesting to see how this affects Eastern Michigan's ability to recruit and sign players and all that other stuff. I am doing something with Cincinnati. We're still figuring out what that role is. I kind of wanted to be in charge of like team spirit. I'm a team spirit kind of guy. You are, dude. You just lifted my spirit by saying that all I wanna do is like how can we, how can we make the experience better on game day? You just gonna be the mascot. I don't wanna be the mascot. I wanna be, I wanna give resources to the student section to just have a fucking fun ass time.


You would be a fucking stud as a mascot dude. Before we get out of off season, we did have one voicemail I wanted to put. Alright, Before we get outta off season now That's, no I teed it up. I got it. I nailed it. Are you being recorded Right now? Yeah. You record yourself. I Record myself and I watch it back. I grind tape. Hey guys. So I'm calling on behalf of my friend Angela in the touchdowns and tea, our Swifty group. Okay. And she wanted to ask about how rookies and veterans handle off season differently and how they like just give and If you had any advice to give to like the rookies that they came in to.


Like don't do anything dumb. So Yeah. Yeah. So basically what do you, what would, what would you do differently from when you're a rookie to like now obviously having the experience for both of you I guess. Alright, thank you. They fan. Go chief. Not so much equal and goal coach. Thank You. Alright, well fuck off. Jesus. Not so much you. It's a great question. I think that it definitely changes as you get older. One of the things that changes is that you just have to do more stuff. The older you get to like get ready to go. But Just trying to maintain the peak athleticism that you got and to, you gotta find that routine.


You Can't do as much workload because your body can't handle as much and then you can't just get into it, you gotta warm up more. So it just becomes harder to, I mean it just becomes harder and it becomes more of a grind to be honest with you. Like getting old and trying to play in the NFL becomes really, really hard to navigate from like a body and like a, like a phy physicality. Simple. So once warmup counts as the workout now, I never, dude, when I was young I didn't warm up much at all. Just fucking put shoes On, 15 on, let's go put this, put the weight on the bar and let's go baby. I gotta do fucking floor exercise, I gotta do calisthenics. I gotta put this lacrosse ball into my tailbone and otherwise I can't fucking squat dude.


It's reality of it. So I think you gotta do more soft tissue stuff, which I, I always hated soft tissue. I never understood why people did it. And then you get older and you're like, oh this is why people do soft tissue stuff. You know, I'm still not a big stretcher and I think that that's hurting me a lot. But it's so hard to get on the page with that. Why is it so hard Jason? Because I just like, I don't believe in stretching and I think I need to start, I think I need to start. What are you A flat earth you just done? I don't believe in it. I think it's bad for muscle elasticity to like static stretching. I'm a functional movement stretcher by nature. Yeah, but Stretching. Stretching, whether you're static or functional, I hear you.


No, but I, I need to do the stuff that's like, I need my ass and back to relax and I need to do like just this over and over again and sit and stretch poses and I just can't get to it. Nah, I'm out. I think the biggest thing is as you get older you just realize kind of what works and you get into a routine and you become much more efficient at working out. When you're younger you're, you're a kid in a candy shop, you're trying everything. You're hearing stuff from people that are doing stuff over here, different veterans that you're leaning on, trainers and coaches and you're more kind of all over the place with your training. And once you've done that enough as a player, I think you've fall in line to like, this is what works for me, this is what I respond really well with and what gets me to play the best.


And then you hit another phase of your career where like, oh what I've been doing for the last like 10 seasons now I need to do all this other stuff. And that's when it becomes really hard because you have to like do all these other things so that your body still can do the things that it once did. And that's where the kind of progression for me at least, it wasn't my career, I think. Yeah, you hit it on the head when you're a rookie you can just get up and go. Yeah. And on top on top of that I kind of, I don't know, my first couple years I was dealing with injuries. So I was in Kansas City and I was working on rehab and I was working on strengthening a lot of things more than I was working on my overall game.


You know, everybody's different. But at the same time, we kind of mentioned it before this, you have to find, you have to be real with yourself. You have to be, you know, hard on yourself, your own worst critic on what you gotta get better at. And yeah. And the, the, the entire off season, you know, you need that yin and yang of like professional life and, and and non-professional life and being able to have that happy medium because the grind of the season is six months. It's a, if you're lucky it's six months, but If it, it is a six month grind of you're going into the facility having the same, same exact day every single Monday, every single Tuesday, every single. You know what I mean? So you want to be able to get away from the game so that it's fresh when you come back in and you're, and you feel that excitement and motivation like it's the first day of school or something.


So I, I would, I I I always tell people, be real with yourself. Figure out exactly what you need to do. Find what, find what that means in terms of how you're going to get better at that and achieve that. And then on top of that, get away from the game a little bit. Yeah. Don't be afraid to go out there and see something you haven't seen before or you know, go to a, go to a new place or take that vacation with your family. Go step away. Recharge. Recharge. Get that going. 'cause it's only gonna make you work harder and feel more refreshed and and ready to, to go when you come back. Yeah Dude, it's, I agree with all that. A hundred percent. It was like seven or eight years in a row where I had off season surgery.


It might've been blessings for us 'cause it Like, I don't know man, it like kinda like forces you to not For you be the fucking building. Yeah, I know that. I, I would've been fucking outta here. Right. Especially as a young player man. What I'm finally, you know, got a Money, got a dollar in my pocket as as my man got Money time Dude. As, as I was about to say as my man Charles Barkley says, bro, you got somebody with a money and time and bad habits. It ain't a matter of if, it's a matter of when. Yeah. Chuck that shit. I love that Man. All since we are coming up on the NFL draft, we wanted to do some drafting of our own. That's right.


We're back with the new Heights mock draft. The last one I think we did was on Easter candy it looks like. Damn that was last year. I know it's been a while but happy to be back at it. I always love doing these. These are fun. Just a reminder, it is snake draft format, which means that one of us will go first, then the other person will go, then that person will go first, then the other person will go then that person will go first. So it kinda works its way down like a snake. We're gonna do five rounds topic, bucket list events. These are events that neither of us have been due. So we can't say something like the masters, which is a lot of people's bucket list event because we've already been there. Got it. Alright. I think that makes sense. Do you wanna do the honors or shall I So the first round obviously has to be like our number one.


Like the one we desire the most. You Wanna take something that I can't Should be your goal here. Gosh. Well now it's just, now it's just a game of what does Jason want? I'm me playing the same game on your end. You don't fucking know what I want. I want Everything. You're right. You're so much more inside of my head than I'm inside of yours. It's ridiculous. What does Jason want to do? No bucket list. Item bus. I'm sorry. Bucket list event. I would say with the first pick of my bucket list event draft, I want to go. Yeah, it's a lot harder. I should have been writing shit down. Alright, you go first If you have one Running Of the bulls.


I've always wanted to do it. I've wanted to run with the bulls. This is a, this is a huge bucket list item for Jason. All Right, now you get to go twice. I don't wanna fucking do that. I'm so glad you took that. Alright. If you're gonna go a random one you want to do, I'll do, I've always wanted to go to the F1 race in Monaco. Nice. Always wanted to do that. Ever since we were playing those racing games at the arcade where we Games. Oh man, those are fun. Gosh, what else are you going with? One you've already done. So I could just wait till the fifth round for that.


That's a good strategy I'm going with for my second pick the Champions League final. I've always wanted to go to a huge soccer game and, and the best soccer in the world and see the best teams in the world go at it and yeah, put it on my bucket list. Alright, I'm gonna ask your help on this next one 'cause I don't know what its name is but I know you know what the name is 'cause you just watched it on Netflix. What's the horse race that happens in Italy? I don't know. In the streets it's the Palo or something like that. Or it might be in something like that. I don't, I think that's wrong. I don't think they, I don't Like, I don Think You need to say yes that when you said running the Bulls, my mind immediately went there.


Alright, I'm gonna put that as my second round pick It. Is that Yeah. Nice. You gotta say it. Jason Palio D Sienna. That doesn't sound right. Is that it? It's 100% it. Pete, that shit's Pete. I, I mean all the, everything looks awesome. Awesome. It looked electric as fuck. Yeah, it looked like a great time. Yeah, they're just in the middle of like some Italian village. I'm fucking so down for that second. I know. I get the next pick. I get the next pick. I'm gonna steal this one from you because I know you want to do it. I'm gonna go to, I don't even know if this is what it's called. Whatever the Darts International Championship is with the British guy saying 100 a I want to go there.


Yeah, I want to go there. And that should have been our first. I'm an idiot. All right. Where are you going? PDC World championships. I'm going with motherfucker. What is that shit called? You probably don't even wanna do this, but I wanna do this. The Ascot races in, in London. What are those? It is, it, it's like equivalent to what the derby would be in. Oh dude, I'm so down for that. What are you talking about? Yeah, I That's what I'm saying. You wouldn't, you didn't know about it though. Oh, I, I definitely don't know what it is, but I'm, I'm in. Yeah. All right, what's your next pick? What's my next pick? Is it for fourth round? Fourth Round. Oh, I've always wanted to go to like the fucking, what do they call it?


The, the, the Red Bull like derby racing. The derby carts. The where they go off of the, the Edge. I forget what it's, Yeah, they's called. Yeah, they gotta fly as long as possible. Yes, it's Think Allen did it last year. I think they Have something like, like, like the X Games but for like random events like that. Yeah. I could be wrong about this but Flu tag is what that one is called. I think Bo Allen did it last year. Alright. I get two more picks, my last two picks. I'm gonna go and get into the winter. I'm going Winter Olympics. I've been to the summer Olympics. Winter Olympics is high up there. We went to the winter X Games a few years back and I'm like man, this was awesome. I heard something about being in cold that I just love being a part of.


So the next one I'm going and I'm staying cold and I'm doing the Iditarod. Oh you have to explain it. Which Is it's, I think it's the longest like dog racing event in the world. And they do like these sled dogs and they gotta go all up and down Alaska. Yeah. Okay. Remember the movie Balto? No. I think something he has something to do with it anyways. I'm in on the Iita Road. Nice. I was just gonna say the Olympics in general because I haven't been to the Olympics but I guess I gotta say the Summer Olympics. It was awesome. You're gonna love it when you get to go. Nice. Well everybody tell us who won that one or who got the better draft. I was also thinking about Ryder Cup in the open Ryder Cup would be electric.


I've heard from so many people and in the open I've been to the masters. I've done the US Open. The Open would be pretty awesome to go over there. Nice. Especially If it's just like St. Andrews or something like that. Damn, Damn. Another one for me would be the World Cup. I haven't been to the World Cup yet. I've done that down in Brazil. That was awesome. Big time. Recommended I'll be doing it next year. 2026. Kansas City, Missouri. Baby the fuck go. Is Kansas City a host city? Yeah, it Is. So is Philly. How about that? For Kansas City to be, You know, I mean Midwest Town, we had enough stadiums. Shout out to Hunts. Whoever Is being Well the Hunts Brittany. Brittany Mahomes has a stadium here as well.


The, are they playing the game? What? What stadium are they playing The games at Arrowhead for sure. Not Gonna lie. I think I won this pretty hands down Running of the Bulls Is is somebody really gonna say they'd rather go watch fucking F1 Monaco than a bunch of bulls run over people. Like what person in their right mind doesn't wanna see people get decapitated by bulls? I don't understand. I don't think Jason, there's like one clip of like the bulls hitting somebody that you see. Oh, you're outta your mind. I don't Think it happens all the time. You're It happens every year Travis. No, I know it happens every year, but I don't think like bulls are just like mowing down thousands of people. Like you make it seem like you see one video of it every year and it's like one person gets smoked.


I Think to part the fact that you get to participate. Here's the difference. F1 Monaco, they ain't putting me in F1 car and I'm not going around that track running of the bulls. Why, Why not? I'm getting, why not? 'cause I'm not an F1 driver. I don't drive for team Ferrari or that Doesn't mean you can't get in the car and drive it. Alpine. I don't drive, so I can't run in the race running of the Bulls. I can just go there. Anybody can go participate in the race. Yeah, you're right. Thank you. If you're willing to, If you're not about to, to act like I'm a coward because I'm not, I don't want to do that. I just Think it sounds more fun. Sounds way more exciting. You got, you got me on the Paleo. That seems exciting, doesn't it?


That looks exciting and it looks fun and there's a winner. Yeah. All right. What about Darts League versus Ask? I'll give you Ascot race. I do wanna see the Darts League but Ascot race is, are probably a bigger event. The fluke, the Fluke tags Winter our Olympics. I, I might have lost the draft on that one, but I do want to do that. It does sound fun. I mean I wanna Go If it, if there's more events around the entire Red Bull stuff that weekend, I don't, I fuck that. Whoever said Flug tag because I said the Red Bull like event. I just dunno. How's the ACCELERATOR gonna feel about you freaking For and well we need to get some, we need to get a fucking event like that.


Damn it. And Garage uses healthy or not necessarily organic, but natural, natural, Natural use. Plant-based ACCELERATOR uses sustained energy with plant-based thermogenics. Red Bull doesn't fucking do that. They just got a really fucking fun event called the Fluke Tank. Good Timing. Good timing. Really just perfect product placement. Oh, cotton candy baby. We gotta do some events with garage beer. Garage beer is like, we gotta do Latch on like, You know, I don't know if it's, you know, hobby horsing or whatever it is, but let's get our, let's, let's celebrate people's fandoms.


Right? All Right, cool. Well those are our lists. 90 Percenters. Let us your, your let us know your list and who you think wins Before we get to our convo with the cap expert Time for a couple. No dumb questions 'cause there's no such thing as dumb questions. Just dumb people. All right, here we go. Our no dumb question is from Christie Tays servant. Okay. If you had to swap lives with one of your podcast guests for 48 hours, who would you pick and what would you do? I got my answer. Who do you got? Well, If You have your answer, why don't you go? 'cause I don't know what my answer is yet.


My answer is LeBron James because I, it's not a bad one. Want to play in the NBA? Yeah, I've always wanted to play in the NBAA dream that I've always had as a kid and I would love to know what that dream actually feels like and to be able to jump as high as he can and slam the ball in the basketball hoop as hard as he can. I would also love to know what that feels like as well. Man. Are we swapping with them Right now? Or swapping with them in their prime With that? Thank you for Right now bud. Well If it's Right now, I guess probably go Adam Sandler The Sandman. I'd probably go Sandman. That's good too. That's a good one too. I mean I'd go, I mean it's, it's a tough one 'cause I'd go with any of the comedy guys that we've had on 'cause I just Think it seems like such fun lives and being able to be creative and bring things to life.


So either him Will Ferrell, Stiller, any of those guys. Sudeikis I think. And also like think like that to have that kind of mind would be fun to think about for 48 hours. If it's anybody in the prime though, I'm going Arnold Damn, we've had some guests, man ar Arnold in his prime, dude. I mean, it's hard to go anything better than that. Just be useful. Be useful, Leonard. All righty, that's it for no dumb questions. You can submit no dumb questions in the comments on social or give us a call at (929) 399-7260. That's 9 2 9 3 9 9 72 60.


Now a moment brought to you by AMERICAN EXPRESS Trav, what's your Restaurant vibe? What's my restaurant vibe? I like a, You know I like a good steakhouse. I do. I like a steakhouse or like a, A Burger diner. I mean I am in on burger places. Yeah. Burger Diners. I'm love burgers. Well, no matter your vibe with Amex Platinum, you get access to Global Dining Access by Resi when you add your platinum card to your resi profile So you can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations open up. Ooh, that's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex


Thank you to our partner ACCELERATOR. Oh, look at that party. Look at that party. New news from ACCELERATOR. They just dropped some awesome new flavor called Cotton Candy. That's right with Livy Dunn. How about that? Woo. The amazing gymnast outta LSU just dropped her signature flavor cotton candy and I'll tell you what it is fucking delicious. I just drank two of them and I am wired. Am I Taste Buds are satisfied. We filled in some content with ACCELERATOR last year and got to hang out and she couldn't be nicer and that's the honest truth. So big shout out to her and her new flavor. Jason, have you tried it yet? I haven't. I have it upstairs. My cousin loves ACCELERATOR and she made me promise that I give her a cotton candy, so I'm actually saving it for her. Nice. And The best part, drum roll please. This is big savings for the next two days through Friday, April 18th. You can get $10 off on Amazon when you go and buy a case of Cotton Candy ACCELERATOR. It's clinically proven and uses zero sugar and 100% natural caffeine to provide the sustained energy to help accelerate your day, go stock up today on amazon.com.


Thank you to our partner Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your gas tank before heading to your your morning commute. Yeah. Like you know, to check If you have your keys first before shutting your front door. Hmm. Like you know to check if you've saved a big project first before closing your laptop. Like you know, to check If you packed your running shoes first before heading to the gym. I, I get you. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that can save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary though subject in terms conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance companies and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


It's now time for dumb questions with cap expert Jake Rosenberg Because there's no such thing as dumb questions unless you're dumb people. Yeah, Well unless you're us and you're talking to somebody who's an expert. We've always wanted to get to talking to some people with actual knowledge in the NFL level to wanna expand our knowledge, but also for the 92 Percenters out there that wanna learn more about the NFL and everything that happens within it. So we put a question out to you. How many of you be interested in a salary cap episode? There was a lot of interest. So we're bringing on a salary cap expert. Our guest today is former Eagles Vice President of football administration.


Jake Rosenberg. Welcome. Jake Rosenberg. Yeah, Jake, thank you. What's up Jake? How we Doing? Great. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me on. Welcome to The show. Jake. Please introduce yourself to the 92 Percenters. Yeah, what is it? What is your job? What is the VP of A of football administration? What does that job title like include? It's a cap guy. Nice. But yeah, I Think it probably varies all over the league for me. I worked real closely with Howie on ultimately like everything pertaining to the roster, but most importantly overseeing all the contract negotiations, dealing with all the agents, making sure we were never over the cap. And you know, a lot of the planning on that side.


So like the fin, anything that involves money in the players, not the business stuff, not budgeting, but just all of the aspects of paying players, negotiating those contracts. Are you excited to make the salary cap fun and interesting for our guests? It's an incre. It's an incredible Challenge. Alright, well let's start off with this first question. What is the salary cap? So the salary cap simply put is just a limit on what every team can spend to pay their players. Okay. Now that might sound like a budget except there are rules that differ from a normal budget.


So there is cash, what you pay your players in a given year and then there's the way it's accounted for and that's what the salary cap is. That's where we start getting into the fund. How does it differ from accounted for and unca unaccounted for? There are the easiest, like the most commonly used factors. There's certain ways to pay players like a signing bonus or certain ways to guarantee money. And then that pro rates meaning you split that up equally over the life of the contract. Hmm. So to make it as simple as possible, If you give a player a $10 million signing bonus, it's a five year contract that would count 2, 2, 2, 2, 2.


Even though the player got 10. Yeah, gotcha. That makes sense. So A player could get 10 in cash but there's only two accounted for of that signing bonus in a year. How does that affect how teams navigate what they were allowed to spend within a given year? Within this, there's strategy, right? Okay. If you don't use any of that proration, let's say you don't use that at all. You choose to count every single penny you spend on a player in this year and the salary cap for the sake of this exercise we'll just say is $250 million. You would be limited to spending $250 million paid out to players in a year.


However, because you're able to prorate, If you wanted to spend significantly more than 250 million in a year, you could and teams desire to spend more and how much more it determines their strategy to some extent on how much they want to use that. Yeah. If that makes sense. And so as you spend more than the two 50, you're sort of accumulating accounting out into the future. Yeah. Right. Without getting too into the weeds, how do you navigate how much money you're willing to put out into the future? Which player? Because all of this money that we just said is prorated is essentially guaranteed, even though there's different levels of guarantee.


How do you decide how much you're willing to say like, hey, we're gonna spend this much in cash, but in the future this is gonna hurt us versus how much we wanna be strict to the budget this year. I guess This process would, would vary at different teams, I imagine. And ultimately there's somebody owns the team and someone is making a determination on how much they're willing to spend in a given year. Even though there's 32 very large, very valuable, five, $6 billion at a minimum clubs. Yeah. Each owner makes that determination on their own and gives it to their football operation and their general manager cap guy, et cetera, would figure out how to do that and how to create a sustainable strategy.


Yeah. Nice. Right. If that makes sense. It does. So in terms of the pro rate system, a guy signs a $10 million signing bonus, they prorate it over the next whatever, five years of the contract, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2. That $10 million is the signing bonus. So you get it there or does it, do you get paid as the pro rate? Right. The payment of the signing bonus is completely independent of the accounting of the signing bonus. Got you. From a salary cap standpoint. Correct. There are teams who defer signing bonuses even in cash out past a year or more Out past a year. I've never heard of that. That exists. Oh Yeah.


Wow. Okay. I mean I guess one of them would be that happened in baseball with s right? That's like a max like to a whole nother level of deferred payment O's that whole deferral thing. Yeah. That's a whole nother, I didn't whole nother thing. And you all know that really is, that's, Yeah. There's no salary cap in baseball for, so why there's a salary cap is precisely To avoid, To avoid base baseball to a large extent. So Who does, who does the cap benefit more? The cap benefit? You're saying more of players versus team? Yeah, Yeah. Players register. Is it clearly, clearly team? Yeah, I don't, I don't think there's a question about that, but I would also say that it also benefits the fans to a large extent because It makes it more fair If not for a salaried cap.


Not to say this is a hundred per, it's not the wealthiest owners necessarily are gonna spend the most cash. That actually is not really the case Dallas. Wow. Okay. But I think that there, it does maintain some competitive balance where If you, you know, green Bay would be a smaller market, New York a larger market, it ensures that there's not a huge competitive issue between those teams. I'll ask this, I'll ask this, this. A lot of this debate came up when the Cincinnati Bengals essentially allocated over what, like $300 million to three players on the offense or more than that a a fuck ton of money to three players on the offense that was fuck ton.


Yep. Fuck ton precise. I really wanna know when those contracts come out and it hits the TV world and it hits the media world and you see the guarantees and you see how much the cap is and you see what is the most bullshit number that you could see come across your, the ticker? Yeah. The most bullshit, I mean tied for bullshit because it's basically the same is the average and the total of the deal. They're nonsense. Right? Yeah. And most of the time, correct. Yeah. And the reason that that's all bullshit. It all goes back to one simple thing is that without money explicitly being guaranteed or being negotiated to be guaranteed within the deal, it's not.


Yeah. Right. So when they throw out a total, inevitably that includes a whole bunch of unguaranteed money, which depending on how far into the future, what type of player, the age of the player, all that may have next to no to no probability that they ever see it. Yeah. How much of these numbers are manipulated by agents and or teams to make it appear publicly? Like a player is a top xpl paid player. But the reality of such is that it's not that contract Teams don't have a lot of incentive to manipulate the numbers Except for to make the player happy, maybe Make him happy, right?


Like Yeah. Like you guys made Jason happy his last contract. Jason, are You saying that your last contract was bullshit? Is that what we I'm very happy with the contract I've signed. I went back and looked. Yeah, we did. We signed you and I eight contracts a lot. My name and your name. Damn. Were on together thousand 14 forward. Yeah Baby. Now you're a rookie deal. That was a year before I got there. That's Good shit right there. Shout out to Jay Bernstein, man. One of those deals, I don't know If you remember this, we signed on the hood of my car in the parking lot. That's right. One of my son's baseball practice Outside Baseball practice. That's the way Jason does things for all it doesn. It doesn. He wears flip flops in the winter, you know what I mean?


He's that kind of guy. He is like, oh yeah, wherever I think you're on your way to the airport and I'm in, it was like an indoor place. Yeah. And all of a sudden I hear a few kids and murmurs, they're like, is that Jason Kelsey in the window? And I like, oh god. And I like ran outside and we signed it on my, my the hood of my car. I remember that. That was awesome. Everyone thinks there's this luxury. Jay flew Jason in on a plane and he got, you know, walked into the the office of the own. No, just meet me at the ballpark over here while my kid's playing it. That's so funny. So The, going back to like what you said about the bullshit, 'cause I think this is good to talk about. Yeah. The difference between fully guaranteed, partially guaranteed and then the complete bullshit that we're talking about makes it like almost impossible to know what the actual deal is unless you know more than just the average in the total.


Yeah. You would've to see legitimately the deal in front of you to know the ins and outs of it. Yeah. When they say fully guaranteed, I think it's safe to say that you, you know, that legitimately is fully guaranteed but once you get past that anything goes and a lot of times they'll also, not even, is it just not guaranteed but they will include money that is based on incentives and the incentives could be very practical and possible Right. To something totally ridiculous in outta that field that's even more less likely to be earned than just the salary. Right. What's an example of something that's fully guaranteed? An example of something that would say guaranteed but really isn't guaranteed.


Correct. So this is where we gotta be a little careful to not sure make people's eyes start glazing over here. Yeah. Yeah. Fully guaranteed. Literally means unless you totally fuck up and like you know, where you've done something very wrong and basically your guarantees go away, they can't, you're gonna get that money. Yeah. That's nothing to do with on field performance. This is more like Correct. There's something like a crime committed or an injury or Yeah. It Could be Like a lot of different things off field Suspended for violation of a bunch of policies like stuff like that. Yes. There's such a thing called injury guarantees, right? Yes. Injury guarantees. If they have no other guarantees that that go with them don't really help all that much Injuries.


Interesting. 'cause the reality is most players' injuries do not last long enough from one season to the next where you can't find a spot where the player's healthy and to cut them. So that would be when something just has an injury guarantee, it's not all that protective. Interesting. Okay. If that makes sense. It Does, yeah. Yeah. When you see average like fans of the NFL on on any of these social medias say that the cap is not real, how close and true is that? I think that's more true for some teams than others, if that makes sense. Interesting. I think the truth is, if all you cared about was winning every game, you know, was really like winning was singularly the most important thing.


Your owner was committed to spending balls to the wall, crazy cash all the time and you were just gonna be super aggressive. I think that's largely the case. Yeah. You could, you may eventually get yourself into some real trouble. Right. But I think for other teams they don't want to be in that situation. They're a lot more, I don't know if responsible or cheap, both of those are words you could use In the eye of the beholder. If the average fan wants to sound smarter on, on social media or in conversation, what are the terms that they should be focusing on in learning?


There we go. Well, I think anytime they talk about a contract, they should look to see how much is guaranteed because that gives an element of like how authentic those numbers are. Nice. I think they should be careful when you see, you know, just to go back the, these big numbers are put out by agents largely and then the agents are in a super competitive recruiting environment to try to get more players. Yeah. They Think it helps them to say, Hey, look what I got so and so look what I got so and so. Yep. Even If it never is intended to work that way and teams will help them in ways where it helps get a deal done.


Yep. This is as an example, if an agent feels like he needs to get a player to a certain number so it looks better and you know, realistically this player is only gonna play two years, you may do a three or four year deal and those year three and year four may be significantly higher. Right Now the average, the old pro rate, yeah. Back loading. Well, but like this is, this is where you're basically playing off the fact that this isn't guaranteed money. Right. So If it goes 5, 5, 20, 20 now it's a four year $50 million deal where realistically it's only a two year $10 million deal.


Exactly. That's a great example That's well put that people can hold onto. Don't believe everything you read kids. So Right. Free agency, when you see four year $50 million deal with 10 million guaranteed you should say bullshit Like Yeah, right On it. Good deal. I wanna be very clear though, I have done a lot of deals with Jake, as you said. I'm very happy with all those deals. Jason Bernstein, if you're paying attention, you did a great job. Jay Byrne. Yeah, we got one more here. Yeah, one more. Does college football need a salary cap? Oh man. I mean there is effectively a salary cap coming in terms of rev share depending on this settlement being approved or whatever.


Oh wow. I think college football does need a salary cap if they wanna stay competitive where, you know, you have more than one conference or two conferences that are competing at the highest level Because the big schools are eventually gonna be able to just pay for these, these kids like Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. My Big thing though with college football too is I feel like this idea of the portal opening up every two times a year and there's no, there's gotta be like some type of contract signed on the player's behalf. They have too much power. We've reverted to like the complete opposite of what was the case, which everybody can acknowledge what was the case is not fair at all. Yeah. But now it's like, dude, there needs to be some type of commitment here from the player side for like a two to three year contract.


And I don't know what that is, but that just seems like it makes sense to me on something that would be something fair for both sides of what's happening in college sports. Yeah, I it's, it's a, it's a crazy, you think about in the NFL and the good teams and the continuity of the best players, you know in college now you have two portals, one portal, the winter portal opens while both season is still like in full swing. It's nuts. So you have players coming and going and now you're in spring, you're in spring portal time where some of the players who signed or stayed in the winter and took money are now like all they've done is is participated in the spring and now they're already out the door. It's crazy. And you have coaches who are still trying to win games like the basketball portal opened while the NCAA tournament was still going on and so coaches are recruiting new players, losing existing players and still trying to win tournament games.


Absolutely insane. Yeah, it's wild. Well hopefully they figure it out. Jake, thank you for coming on, dog. Yeah, we appreciate it. Yeah, thank very much brother. Thanks for having me guys. That shit was fun, man. Is There anything else that we missed that you think is pertinent for people to understand about Salary cap or any of this stuff? I mean this was like, you know, a fraction of 1%. I'm sure there's more stuff, But you know, as far as how teams manage and, and play, this is largely the case. I mean, I think that's why in the beginning of free agency when you guys start talking about all this, it's hard to just take surface level numbers and the people who report on all this stuff, you know, they're trying to get information and they get information by having good relationships with agents.


And so there isn't necessarily like competitive balance there either. You know, it's, it's a system and its a machine and everyone sort of has some vested interest. Yeah. You gotta take everything with a grain of salt like everything else in life I guess. There you go. All right, Jake, thanks so much for hopping on. Appreciate, appreciate it. Appreciate you brother. That Wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you to Jake Rosenberg for joining us. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. Use a new episode of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once Again, new Heights of Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment are brought to you by SUAVE MEN.


That's right. That no nonsense. That's what you're looking for right there. Special announcement. We will be back Friday with a special guest episode. You're not gonna wanna miss this NBA playoffs starting. It's a fun one. Do you want me to tease who it is? I just did. Oh, okay. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s thanks to our production and crew. As always, you're gonna have your hands full for this one and to the 92 pretenders for tuning in. We'll see you guys next Week.


You see my Lumen computer? That's Fucking sick. Oh, I'm jealous. They, they sent me a senior refiner Audi gifting memo. Nice. Yeah, so I got some gifts in there. It's pretty sweet from my inner, my inner is, he seems to be very active. Do you have an in? Yeah. Jason, Do you have an in That? Is this my in or is this my Audi? Are we just living in a simulation? Where Would you, would, would your in be at the on the field? You turn into the any Travis Kelce. Ooh, That a Yeah, that would be my in, even though I remember my last game, so no, can't Be my head. Unfortunately, the pain has not been erased. Yeah, exactly.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real? Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, and each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling, they stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.