
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Today thanks to our presenting sponsor, HBO's, THE LAST OF US HBO's biggest series, THE LAST OF US Returns with a new season on Max Heck. Yeah. Five years after the events of the first season, Joel and Ellie are drawn into conflict with each other and a world even more dangerous than the one they left behind. Ooh, CNN calls THE LAST OF US Exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype. I do enjoy it based on the groundbreaking video game, The Emmy Award, winning HBO original series. THE LAST OF US premieres April 13th on Max. You can listen to the official, THE LAST OF US podcast wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you to our partner Peloton. One of the reasons we love Peloton is they have a huge variety of challenging classes, whether it's running, walking, strength training, Peloton sports, your different athletic needs throughout the year, off season, in season, or in retirement, Backed by thousands of members whose lives are already changed by their workouts, experiences, and community. Plus, Peloton Helps you get stronger with strength classes, workout generators, and personalized programs on the Peloton Trip and Strength Plus App, we know sticking to a routine can be hard, but Peloton helps you break through fitness, boredom, fitness plateaus, and ultimately achieve your golf. Find your Push, find your power with Peloton at one Peloton dot com.


That was the lowest of Lowe's last year when we lost, and then Kel retired And everything got better. Yeah, Well, well, well, it was crazy. I know. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. You a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by HBO's, THE LAST OF US. Mm. Season two Premier Sunday, nine PM on Max. How about that? Anybody Been anybody watching White Lotus Season finale was last night trip. Oh my God. I think I'm two.


I think I'm two or three episodes behind Season finale. I'm not Gonna lie. Don't tell me. Okay. I will tell. Don't do it. I think it's my favorite. It's tough. All the seasons of White Lotus have been great. This might be my favorite season. I, the, the, the last episode was Electric. Electric. Love the sound of that. 'cause every other episode's kind of been just like, waiting. I'm waiting. Well, there's a lot that happens this episode. There is a lot that happens. I don't, it might have been. I don't know that I'm, it's very good. It's very good. I don't even wanna say anything negative about the show. It show's fantastic. Zip it. Well, I'm glad you're enjoying White Lotus and I can't wait to watch it. But season two of THE LAST OF US premiers on HBO Sunday nine PM on Max.


We're your host. I'm Travis Kelsey. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Cincinnati Bearcat alum. Shout out to, first of all, shout out to all the Bearcats down in the N-F-L-P-A golf outing that brought it home for the cats. Oh Yeah. Sauce guard. That's Right. That's right. Sauce. Well then, I don't know. So Sauce is getting his swing right? I don't know if he was the reason why we won. He wasn't carrying It. Yeah. My Guy Sauce. He brought it home though. He brought it home. Yes. That's all counts, man. No, the Bearcats brought it home. And make sure you guys, the 92% are subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And follow the show on old social media pages at New Height Show with one s Jason, let the people know what we have coming up.


We got a great episode coming up for you guys. We got an incredible episode with Brandon Graham joining us today. Woo. That's right. That's right. We also are gonna reveal the winners of the new Heights of March Madness Bracket Challenge and answer some of your nodo questions. All Right. Now, As opposed to what we normally do, we're gonna get right into it. We're going right to bg. Let's get it. Philadelphia Eagles Legend and Icon Five five. Best smile I've ever been around. I mean, it's, it's insane. You're gonna see, you're, you'll see our guest today, woo. As a first round draft pick from Detroit, Michigan. He's a Walter Paint NFL Man of the Year nominee.


Yes, sir. Prolific trash talker. Pro Bowl. The record holder for most games played in Philadelphia Eagles history. Dang. That's right. He is two times Super Bowl champion. Dang. And my former teammate, 92 Percenter. Please welcome Brandon Graham. Yeah. Bg. Yeah, baby. Appreciate You coming on, dog. I appreciate y'all having me. For real. This is an honor, man. I appreciate it. Honor's all ours. Bg, how you doing? How you living? Oh, You know what? I'm living good in the, in the facility every day working out. I know. Getting that nice man each Other, Getting, getting that, that rehab and figuring out next steps for real.


Nice man. So you, you retort in the game in the, in the Super Bowl, man, you're, you're a absolute warrior dog for going back out there and finding a way to make it on that field. And, and congrats again. I know we talked after the game, man, but I can't say enough about how fun it is to play against you. 'cause I respect you so much and how much, how much trash talk you, you're always one of the best competitors and you back up your shit talking. And it, it was always fun to seeing you on the field, man. So congrats on a great career, brother, Man. Thank you, man. It's, it's definitely gonna be different, but I'm excited for what's to come. 'cause as You know, I could figure out a way to trash talk in this, in this, in this, in this era too.


This Day and age. Yeah. Keep that time for the kids, by the way. How, how the kids doing. Man, you know what baby girls doing? Good gymnastics is is the queen for her life. Yes. Nice. And Right now, baby boy is all over. He got baseball. Just started opening day yesterday. That's what I'm talking. Yeah. There we go. Yeah, it is cool. And he love it. You know, he love, he got some lacrosse. He's playing with second graders now. He's in kindergarten. But what, but he don't like lacrosse. But he, he is really good at it. But he just don't, yeah. Like he just, I I love that I know what he do and don't like, but you never know. It changes. But to see him, even though I didn't grow up on lacrosse, seeing how, how it's played, the rules and stuff like that, it's kind of cool to see him do, do his thing.


And then of, Of course flag football is one that he liked 'cause he's been around football. Nice. Man. Before we get to the rest of this interview with BG, as we start every show off, everybody who watches Know All United, two Percenters out there. We gotta get to a little bit of that New news, new news, bg. Give us a little, give us a little new news. Bg New news. We there we, there we go. He's a pro. You can put him anywhere, man. That's great stuff. You had a really emotional day a couple weeks ago, right? Where you officially announced your retirement. I know you, you said it before the season.


You led up to the season knowing it was gonna be your last year. And I've talked about this. I mean, I feel like even midway through the year we would talk, I'm like, man, you're still, you're still balling. How did the family react to that? How was that day? Yeah, so, so my wife, she used to get, get on me like, Hey, make sure you writing down little bullet points for that day. When it do come, if it's this year or next year, whatever, whatever year. But just make sure you just writing down things, something that, so you can remember on who, who's been a real big impact in your life and all this stuff. So I had notes that I was just writing. Yeah, yeah. It, it helped. And man, it hit me though, like how I hit you probably, man, it just, when I seen everybody looking back at me and I knew this was the moment where it was over.


True. It's like, woo, been doing this a long time and you giving Me chill, just thinking about it. Oh man, it's, it's, you put all this work in for these amount of years and man, it's like, even from little league all the way up to now, it's like, man, this all, I know this every off season. It's like, man, I'm about to get ready. I gotta get my body right, get it right. And now it's more of, now I'm trying to get it right to look good instead of, that's my new motivation. I, I, I wanna look good. I wanna be on the beach where I can take my shirt off. You know, hair and all, hair and all, But look ripped up. They don't wanna see, don't see.


That's awesome man. Well, you, you killed the speech. And not only that, you killed the lead up to the speech. You had the social media, you got everybody kind of mouthwatering with the Rocky Balboa statue over by the Rocky, the History Museum steps or Art History Museum steps. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. You already know. Oh, you already know. That was so cool. That was, I wanted to do something. So Philly, man, that was, that was it. That was a Philly thing where I was like, man, where can I hang my cleats up somewhere in Philly? And I was like, Ooh, the statue Rocky Steps. You know it For sure. And man, they, they did it. They did it for me. The Eagles brought their team down.


We met out early that morning, eight o'clock and be like, Hey, we got an announcement at 12 and it just worked out so good, man. And that's how I know this was the right, it was the right choice. 'cause Of course I call Howie like, Hey, I could still cancel this thing, man. What's up? Yeah, for real. Hey, know. Well that is, that is something I definitely wanted to ask you because if, I know you said before the season it was gonna be your last year, but you were playing so well. Yes. Right? And like you're still, you could still play the game. Did you second guess this at all? Like how, I know, I know before the season you said it's gonna be your last, but what was it like leading up to this decision? Were there moments where you're like, man, I think I might want to give it another run.


Or were you like, nah, I'm done. I'm gonna be totally honest with you. I wanted to give it another run. 'cause I got hurt and I was like, man, I got a, I got a whole bunch left that I can still do. And I was going, really, this year would've been the real last year for sure, if he would've kind of granted that. But he was like, man, this is such a story book ending. And man, that's what I said in my prayer when I walked in, well, I prayed before I had went in the day before. I was like, okay, Lord, I'm gonna just, I'm, I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna leave you. Just leave me on this. And when I walked in and I was like, I'm gonna put it in his hands. If, if Howie, if we, if we don't come to an conclusion that we can do it again, all right, I'm, I ain't gonna fight it. So when I walk in, he like, bg like, what you wanna do?


I say, man, what you want me to do? Because you know, my right back at him, throw right back at him. My heart, you know, my heart. And he was like, BG, this is such a fairytale ending man. I can't let you, I can't let you man. Like you gotta go out on top. And and when he said fairytale, I was like, all right Lord, I'm done. I'm done. I, I, I didn't even fight it after that. And so I just felt like a weight was lifted off my shoulder when it happened. And I was like, okay, I don't have to fight, fight no more. I ain't gotta fight no more. 'cause man, I had this chip on my shoulder for so long on like, just people like what you said, man, like I'm a bus and all that stuff. I, I carry that every year as motivation to go out there and make sure I'm working.


But my family for sure was, you know, my biggest motivation. But that was one that I always was like, man, how we never wanna get rid of me. And you kind of play, play that game in your head and, and that's why you train hard and you go hard and make them sacrifices that, you know, that's hard to make like eating food and all that stuff 'cause you wanna look good. All that. No Doubt. I'll tell you what man, 15 seasons, 218 games, bro. If you shut all those two times Super Bowl champ, you shut all those fucking doubters up or anybody that had anything to say, man, Nah man, What made you love Phil? But that you gotta tell you're Detroit guys. So you're from that blue collar that, that tough area. What was it about Philly that year in year out made you stick around?


Because it was always, it, I mean it was a up and down rollercoaster for you see year in, year out. You've had multiple different coaches pull through. Like what was it about the city and about this organization that that really made you want to be there as an eagle your entire career? Well, stripping that, stripping that ball on Brady, man, that made, that helped me out a lot Because I didn't like, I didn't like in Philly at first, man, I'm telling you like Philly fans was so tough, man. And it just wasn't, it just, it just wasn't everything I wanted it to be. But like you say, coming from Detroit, being a fighter, not knowing that hey, this your first real adversity is like, how you gonna fight back?


And so I think for me having like guys like Trent and having guys like JP in my head like, Hey man, like if Chip Kelly wants you to play special teams, go play special teams. Be the best at it, man. Like, no sense of crying about it. 'cause I used to be like, man, I ain't never played special teams when Coach Reed was here and now I gotta do this, play all four. And I, it was an opportunity. And so I even still use that story today for the, for the guys because man, once I, once I really had my mindset of, man I'm gonna do it, it turned into something that I didn't even know that it would turn into where I'm on kickoff and them boys putting two or three on me because I'm running through the wedge. And whoever was the one that I ran through, they needed two people.


And so yeah sir. So it became that like, you know, and, and man it was all mindset with that. And then I Think it took, took my career to another level because I had some adversity that I went through. I conquered that by my attitude. And then Look, look what happened, man. Now they, after games like BG man, our special teams coach was like, man, you need to block, we need to go have to block 55 on kickoff. 'cause he coming down, running through, you know, you better get your, you better get your chin strap buckled up. You know what I'm saying? Oh, put your mouthpiece in. So I was about to say, you're an eagle, you're an eagle favorite for, for a lifetime now, man. Yeah. You gave them happiness that they never experienced in their life twice. And you even threw out the first pitch of Saquon other day.


Did you practice before you went up there? Were you throwing the ball around a little Bit? They didn't let us. I had did one in Michigan, in Detroit. My only, only one I did before. I actually did that one the last week. And man, nah, they didn't let us go in the dugout and throw, we just had to, and I had to trophy in my hand and I had to throw it so it, it made it even like, man, we want somebody, we want to get the pick for the trophy and bg, you gotta hold it. 'cause Saquon was like, nah, I ain't holding it, I'm gonna let you hold it. Because he was more worried about getting the ball over the plate. So I was like, all right. But nah, I didn't, I just, I just kept it high. Just kept it high. There you go. And you floated It in there. Floated it in there.


Yeah. That's what I should have did. I decided to try and throw a heater. You see Travis up there at Cleveland from, from the mound? Nah, you nobody should ever see that, That From, from the mound. Like an idiot. Yeah. Ooh. Without, with with, with no practice. And when I tell you I haven't thrown anything since my pick in 2015 to the New York Giants. Ooh. I, I had like, I was at, I just, I spiked it right in the ground, man. It was terrible. Oh man. Laughed at too, Huh? Forever. Yeah. I got my redemption though KC a few weeks after that. Okay. I got a, I got a chance to go back in KC so I did it. I did a writing KC, but in front of the hometown I, I felt like a jamot. Ooh. And Oh yeah, I know that was, that was, it was back in Cleveland.


Yeah, it was bad. Yeah, that's the bad. Brandon, You're only the second defensive player we've had on the show actually. Yeah. Second defensive line too. Yeah. You and Chris Jones As someone who has defended quarterback sneaks, what is your opinion on the banning of the tush push potentially? I think it's kind of, I don't wanna say soft, but it is because man ain't no way. It ain't no way. Yeah. Ain't no way. I will show my hand and say, man, they need to stop this 'cause we can't stop it. It's like, no. 'cause if everybody could do it, like, as we know, you gotta have the personnel for it first, then you gotta work the technique in practice. And like we do, we just got a good thing that we got going and it's like, stop it, man.


Ain't nobody got hurt on it. If anything, you know, you come out from under the, under the huddle like, oh man, I gotta, I gotta get ready for the next one. But that's football though. Yeah. That's what we do. Yeah. I mean it's big grown men up front that you gotta push. And if I'm not strong enough, it won't happen. But we got a strong old line and I'm sorry it's, it's a little soft in my opinion, but it gotta get voted and I'm, I I hate that we hear, you know, something that, that that we created but people don't like because they don't wanna see it 'cause they can't stop it. Let me ask you this. If you could ban an one NFL offensive play outside of the tush push, what, what would you ban? Ooh, One, one play outside of the crack toss.


Get that up outta there. Ooh. You know I got tell boy, Hit me in my face. Boy hit me in my face. I was flanking every day. You know I'm flaking, I'm flaking, I'm sneaking tacking the whole time. Oh yeah, I know. If that's the one you just made me think about it. 'cause you know, you the one that come right on the side every, it's like, boy, how you gonna get me like that? Yeah. Be, be sneaky. It's you gotta a sneak attack you man. You Are doing something about children's books in the last video news. That's right. Bg. This is awesome man. Look the children's book baby. Look at this bgs ABCs Man.


Ah, this is awesome man. Man I can appreciate you. Check you out, check you out. Just get into This bg. You know what man? Me being a family man me, I felt like that was right up my alley and you know, just got to talking about it with some people and you know, just wanted to make sure that for me, that I, that I went out there and just, I wanted to add value to the world as you know. And the kids is where, where we at. And I felt like for me, man, I just wanted to do something different. Something that came up and my wife was like, man, she was all for it. Like, yeah, that's, you know, this would be sweet something that you can do. I read to the kids every night anyway and so I thought this would, would, would be just something that, that just would add more value to the season that we had on top of the, the person I am that my kids see me, you know, every day.


And I felt like this was a good, good opportunity for me to add some more value to my kids and something that they can look back on and be like, man, you did that. And so that was cool. It's awesome. But for the most part man, I think this was near and dear to my heart with, with the kids and I wanted my kids to see something other than just football of them. Dad doing something, something cool. Well it definitely fits in line with Brandon Graham. I could see a Brandon Graham book coming a million miles away. You're a great dad. You're a great father. So this, I can't wait. Cannot wait. Check it out everybody. Bgs ABCs. It's gonna be out May 9th, y'all May 9th pre-order now on Amazon. Just type type in Brandon Graham book and it'll be popped up right there.


So appreciate y'all. Hopefully it helps me with my reading, man. I'm, man, I'm a scrub. I can't barely read this damn rundown. And you, you know what? It's gonna get better as you get kids man. You gonna want to just give them everything that you got and I know for you nice man, it's gonna be cool. But make sure you know you ready when you ready. 'cause it's gonna slow you down a little bit. There You go. In A good way. In a great way. No, yeah, Of course. Alright, that does it for a little new news man. Let's, let's talk to 2024 Eagles. Man. You guys didn't end it on a really a high note in 2023. So coming into this season, what were the, what were the is, are the expectations always Super Bowl or bus or is it just like what were the expectations coming into the season in terms of in the locker room?


What were you guys talking? Well we was at the lowest I felt in a while that we've been, yeah, especially coming off a season after we lost to y'all. That was, that was, that was tough. That was tough when we lost in Arizona. But coming off that year, we just had a, it was a lot of excitement coming back 'cause we had a lot of guys from that team. But, but it, but the lesson for me was when you, when you gotta replace coaches, it was, that was pretty tough because we had the side come in then we had got some other people that came in and everybody, I feel when you, you have a certain amount of time as you know, to get everybody on the same page and to be able to, as a d coordinator to come in, teach his scheme and you have to be able to pass the message from coach to player and the player's gotta be able to receive it.


It's just the timing of everything really didn't, didn't fit with the type of team we we was, we had and the expectations that was coming. But I felt like that was the lowest of lows last year when we lost and then Kel retired And everything got better. Yeah. Well, well, well Hey, You know, I feel so bad man. Y'all got a little bigger on the offensive Line you guys, It opened up some doors didn't it? It opened up some doors. Oh man. But yeah, it was a lot of expectations from this year, just not repeating, you know, from last year.


And so when Vic came, I think Vic was able to hire other coaches that he had that was, that he already was familiar with. So that worked out perfect 'cause the, the DB coach, he came in man, he already knew Vic d-line coach, coach Clint, new Vic. I mean Wat is a great coach already with us. So we've been together for a while. So we already knew how, how to work with him. And then, yeah man, it's about how you, who you, how you working together and how you relay a message and how you teaching it. And I think Vic was real tough early on and man, he was tough as far as like, he was like Schwarz to me, which I like is I'm not your friend. I'm here to do my job.


I'm here to do my job. And then if we build to that, eventually you break 'em in, you know. And so I felt like we was gonna break 'em in one of these days and man, when he came in saying some of the lingo that some of the guys say, oh man, you knew you had, you know, you knew you had him, you knew it. 'cause we was rubbing off on him in a good way. 'cause he was so tough man early on and he just thought we sucked. He just like, man, you guys last year y'all don't work hard enough. And he said that openly. But I think as we got, we gained his trust and, and his respect after as as just going through everyday life with him and, and by the end of the year our, our goal was to get him a big smile and that was when he held that trophy man.


And I got that picture on my phone where he got holding it up. That's awesome man. And, and smiling. Let's Switch it up a little bit to the offense though. What was it like adding Saan from your perspective? Yeah. What was that, what were those first couple practices like with a workhorse like that? Man, when you see him hitting the hole and just know, like he ran to the, he ran to the zone every time. Like every time in practice he always run to the zone and so run to the zone. What's what that mean? The zone, I'm sorry. He ran to the, to the end zone. Oh gotcha. He finishes everything. Yeah, he finishes, he finished everything and they, they always got somebody in for him. He finished everything in the game too. Yeah, you handed that ball. He's gonna find a way to break away. See kid people don't understand when you get running backs like that, that know how to train for those big games, they know they have the home run legs and the stride and the ability to separate once they get to second level, if they take that practice se in, in practice seriously it just translates to the game.


And I feel like almost every single game he played, we saw at least one in the second half when he had already ran for a hundred yards and it was just so impressive. And sure enough, in practice he's taken every single run to the house that's, He wore people down. I mean the off like I gotta give style of his credit always man. 'cause it start with him. He's the technician as far as keep staying on the offensive, offensive line. Making sure that as Kelsey know that you guys are working the technique right over and over and over and you can't get bored with the details. And so you see Stout all the time just, just always on, always thinking next level. And man, it just worked out so much for him this year.


Especially adding Saquon, he was the ace in the hole for us that we've been needing. You know, just because man getting him you need a home run hitter like that. And that boy was wearing people out. Like you might've got him in the first half and If you did get him that second half, he go, he ready for the, the big one. Right. And I can remember the Saints game when he hit that home run going up the mid, well you know, it's almost like the same tray play that counter play boy. Woo. Them boys. I wouldn't want to see none of them boys coming my way. Like a Jordan Mulatto on a pool, Man. Lane Dickerson, Jordan Mulatto. Oh my goodness. Oh that left side and, and Lane already a brick wall man. Yes.


Lane. Lane. Hold down that right side. And when we really like, I think Sting gonna be a really good, good one this year we had Makay, but I think Sting is a good one and we probably draft one too, but man, yeah, we got a really good line. Cam held up all the way through and I, I don't see why we couldn't do it again other than just staying healthy. We Did have Saco on the show right when he had been picked up. Yep. And he did mention he was glad he didn't have to hear your smack talk anymore. I did. You you have to apologize for any previous shit talking or what? Nah, nah. Ain't no apologies man. That's how I felt at the time. Two six. Hey, that's why I, I'll never go too personal because man, I don't want nobody looking for me afterwards.


But right at that same time, like, man, I'm just trying to get in your head, trying to have a little fun while backing it up. You know it, But Kel just know man, you was, you was big about you was a part of that too, man. As much as yeah you retired but everybody always was looking for you when you came in. And I think we added a lot of value on just being in that building man. 'cause that culture is is what what we did every day. All these boys do is work and they work. Yeah. And they put the work in and I think we built to that man. Now, now it's just more about for us just showing that love, having that access to come in and I don't want the hours of the coaches, but I, I wanna be able to add value to the organization to keep it going. Well It's like you're reading the rundown Right now.


BG man, what was, what Was the first And that was just a little pitch. That's My pitch was life without. There you go. What was the, what was the first season without the guys that you came in with? You were the, you were the last of the Mohicans so to speak with Jason and Fletch retiring in 2023 and you already know you guys share the same type of, of of character and and desire to help these young guys out. What was it like being the last guy from the, from the start that that was there to show the, the guys coming in and to set the culture every single, because you need those guys year in, year out. No matter if they're coming from a different team. You gotta have those culture setters in training camp and, and early on in the seasons to be able to, you know, get everybody down in the right way.


What was it like without Jason and Fletch last year? It was different. You know, I, I would see Kel so it made it, it made, it made it a lot better. But Fletch really didn't come around as much and I think, I don't know if he was just not wanting to be around 'cause he, he be hunting, You know, I know he love what he doing but you know, she Was Trying to figure out what was going on in August. What he was doing His own thing. He doing his own thing. Yeah. Kelp was just do, I mean he was just doing his own thing and so it was different because that's somebody who would had his locker right next to me the whole time. All the way until, you know, he was done. So seeing someone else and Mojo Morrow or Jamo is, is a guy that I really respect.


Man. I think he gonna be a guy this year that's gonna have a big year too again. 'cause you know, it's a lot of guys on that bench already that I feel is going to add value to the team this year. Especially with Milk going then we gotta replace Sweaty. But yeah, Fletch was a guy that man, I was like dang, We were really lucky 'cause we inha I think the Eagles have been so well run for a long time for Jeffrey Lowry on down. Obviously Andy, before he left to go to Kansas City, there was such a culture established when we got there. Yeah. Whether it was Trent Cole, JP Brent Selleck. Yep. Like Jason Avant, like there's Avan. The Eagles have always done a great job of keeping guys around specifically for that, I think.


And everybody does it in their own way. Some guys are gonna be more vocal like, Hey this is, this is stupid. I don't know why we're doing this. This is the dumbest thing in the world and you need the other guys to be like, Hey, you know, let's just, let's just do it for a little bit. We're just gonna do it today. Yep. And then we'll see how it goes. You know what I mean? We're out there, do our jobs. Yeah. Yep. But I'm dead serious. Yeah. If everybody, if If you never get that side of somebody, you know, voicing that, then nothing really gets changed. It needs to get changed. So the more I I used to like, earlier in my career, similar to you, I didn't really understand it. I was like, man, can we just go out here and do our thing? And then the older you get, the more you realize like, oh no, it's good to voice that stuff a lot of the times. Yep. 'cause not only are they feeling it, other people in the team are feeling it, but they can't voice it 'cause they're not the, the big guys, the big names.


You know what I mean? Yep, yep. I got a quick story. Yeah. My first seven years in the league, we always sat in the back of the plane and it just, it was what it was. You know what I mean? The coaches stay up late, they gotta get ready for the next game plan. The plane didn't have like the big, it wasn't enormous plane where there were multiple rows of like first class for whatever reason, my guy Carlos Dunlop comes in from Cincinnati. Yes. And he makes his way to to Kansas City at this point in his career. I think he's like a 10 plus, 13 plus year vet. Oh yeah. Proven. Does things the right way. Talks to people the right way. Comes in, he says, what are we sitting in the back of the plane for?


Man, you, we gotta say something about this. Like, I'm not, we, I'm too old to be sitting in the back of the plane like letting, oh, we gotta go ahead, we gotta make, I'm just, I'm like, man, listen Carlos, it's not the way it happens. We choose our battles here. Alright. Right, right, Right, right. That's not the Yeah, that's not the battle man. The next week he made it. He talked to somebody in the organization and the next week we were all sitting up at first class lead back like, hey, pretty, this is pretty nice. That's nice. Tell you what, the Eagles ain't gonna be happy about hearing this. 'cause the Eagles still don't, they're everybody's still in the back right there. Everybody. And who Used to complain about it Myself, the big Fletch.


Big Fletch though. Well Fletch was the main one. Fletch was the main one. I gotta get Fletch his, his his cred. He's right. It is stupid. Why the heck are the players in the back of the play? Especially when you got the 300 pound, you know, 6, 7, 6 9, all these big, yeah, all these big offense defensive lineman, man. Let him get some like, at least let him at least get a seat they could fit in. Man. How The trainers up here? What? Like, you know. Oh, I'm telling you man, I used to not walk up. I used to always get out the back because I never wanted to watch go to the front. 'cause it'd be like, man, all these coaches eating all this Eminem and stuff, like they did something, you know, man.


But for real Chip Kelly, one thing I can say, the one thing Chip Kelly had right? That boy got us in the front boy. He was like, we are, we are coaches. They the players. Yes. And it was like, yeah. Everything else was like, all right coach. Yeah, you gotta figure, you gotta figure through your battles. That was a good one. I did wanna say before we moved on, that is one thing that I really like and I'm sure you're gonna enjoy too, bg, is, you know, we had the guys that we inherited it from with, with Trent and JP and Yvan and B and selling all those guys. Yep. Now it's really fun for me watching a guy like Jordan Malata take another step as a leader. You know, they already got Lane Johnson in that room, but you, you get to see these young guys and you already mentioned Maura, right?


Like a guy that comes to work and you're starting to see all these guys that are now gonna be replacing the, the, the backbone of the leaders in those in the locker room. And that's something I love seeing every single day now. I love that man. You right. 'cause I am going, 'cause that's my biggest question. Like, man, who gonna step up in a big way this year? I mean, I know Nolan, I already be talking with him. We always, you know, converse. 'cause I mean we both rehabbing our tricep and you know, seeing him, I know that I'm like, man, it went from my, not even my room because I felt I wanted sweaty to feel not the pressure. I want him to be able to voice his opinion. Be out there, man. It's your room, man. Like, I'm just here. Yeah. I'm the vet, but If you need me, I'm here.


But we listening to you, we seeing you every day. 'cause you the starter. This your, your team. And now I'm Nolan. It's, it's like, man, you the, you the one. You the one now. Yeah. When the guys come in, he Stepped up too, man. He did, man. I'm proud of him. Lot of strides, man. He was, he gave me fits in the game. It Was interesting 'cause the, the play in the run was always the knock. It's like he's lighter and how's he gonna do it? And man, he would cut pulling tackles trying to kick him out. He's got heavy hands man. He is setting the edge. Oh, He got heavy hit. And I mean, no gloves too. Like that's the thing man. I got much respect bro. Put some gloves on. Put some gloves on. I ain't got no respect. Why you, why you not wearing the gloves? Hey, who You trying to impress? Oh no.


Your hands are gonna work just as good with them gloves on. And they're gonna Like, I don't Know. You right. You right because you can, I don't like, I don't like this like, oh, I'm too cool. I don't wear gloves thing. It's only an advantage. Put the goddamn gloves on. All right. Yeah, Yeah. When that ball come in and that thing stick and they stick you and you got you. You know. But yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. Kels. Nathan's hilarious. But yeah, he raw talent


Thanks to our presenting sponsor, HBO's THE LAST OF US Hell HBO's biggest series, THE LAST OF US Returns with a new season on Max. Jason's fired up. I am five years after the events of the first season. Joel and Ellie are drawn to conflict with each other and a world even more dangerous than the one they left behind. How about it? CNN calls THE LAST OF US exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype Based on the groundbreaking video game, the MEA award-winning HBO original series. THE LAST OF US premiers April 13th on Max. And listen to the official, THE LAST OF US podcast, wherever you get your podcasts.


Now a moment brought to you by AMERICAN EXPRESS. Ooh, American Express. My favorite part of traveling is food. I love spending money on food from all over the world that doesn't have onions or mayo in it. I like the all of that. Plus the onions, mayo. All Right, now how about that? No matter what kind of traveler you are, AMERICAN EXPRESS Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Enjoy access to centurion lounges at airports worldwide. And when you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast for two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout. Plus with Global Dining Access by Reza, you'll have the ability to secure reservations at the some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum card to your resi profile. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex


high 92 Percenters. We wanna hear from you. That's right. We've got a survey. Just a couple minutes of your time please. And to say thanks for taking the survey. You'll be entered for a chance to win a custom jersey from our New Orleans House Party drop. How about that? That's right. A one of a kind new Heights jersey Could be yours. Yeah. Just go to Wondery dot fm slash nh survey and fill out the survey for your chance to win. How about it?


Every big moment starts with a big dream. But what happens when that big dream turns out to be a big flop From Wondery and at Will Media? I'm Misha Brown and this is the big flop. Every week comedians join me to Chronicle the biggest flubs fails and blunders of all time. Like Quibi. It's kinda like when you give yourself your own nickname and you try to like get other people to do it. And the 2019 movie adaptation of cats, like If I'm watching the dancing and I'm noticing the feet aren't touching the ground, there's something wrong with the movie. Find out what happens when massive hype turns into major fiasco. Enjoy the big flop on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the big flop early And ad free on Wondery Plus get started with your free trial at wondery.com/plus.


Alright, let's, let's throw it back to the 2010 NFL draft. Did you always know it was gonna be the Eagles? No, I only met with them 15 minutes. Man. That was at the combine in, in that, at that hotel where they had all the meetings at one point. But I think it's different they said now. But yeah, I was just 15 minutes. Matt McDermott, I mean Sean McDermott and, and then it was Coach Reed. I remember them talk going over my Iowa game 'cause that was a big game of the year. We was going through, going through different plays and that that I made, I think I probably had like three, two sacks that game. And, and it was like a big, it was a big one we lost, but it came down to the last to the end and you just had a big game.


And so it was cool talk with them and then that was it. How was that 15 minute meeting with Coach Reed? It Was, it was intimidating man. 'cause you know, as you know that that big, that big, like That big mustache, that mustache, you know, Not smiling at all. Like man, I didn't really, even when I got to got in the league, it was like man, he didn't talk to us like for real. Unless you was just a guy that just went out and made plays. And as I continued like by my third year he started to say little things like great like, and great job. Like, you know, you can see his excitement when people made plays. Like how I would see it with like shady. Oh yeah.


Like the offensive side always would get that out of him. Especially on offense. But on defense you had to really work to get that, get that from him. But yeah, coach Reed, he was tough man. And I see him now with y'all and I love that he got a ring finally man. 'cause well a couple now, but more than a couple. But you know what I mean, like, like when he was here he would always get Oh Sean, before he had that ring. Yeah, it was, yeah, before he got stopped at the door, you know, went through some, some garbage man at the end of his stuff. But the reward was so much greater. Losing his son and all that man being there for that. Yeah. And being there for him during that time. All that stuff, man. That's why I was so happy, happy for him. We lost. But I would, that's why I had to walk up on him and grab him at the end.


'cause I had to pay the respect for one. I ain't wanna run in that moment. 'cause as much as I wanted to go to that locker room boy and not just dap people up, I had to eat it and be like, you know what, be, be a professional man. Go out and give. 'cause when your time come you gonna want the same thing. And so went to talked to coach, talked to you, talked to Frank Clark at the time. 'cause you know he went to Michigan and Frank five. I just, and I felt good man, even at that party it made me feel a lot better talking it out with the team and what went wrong. And I hope you went to the party. If not, it's all good. But it, it just was refreshing after we talked about it and it didn't feel so bad after we lost. But I was so happy for Coach Reed though man. 'cause he, as you know, he, he's a, he's a a-list coach man.


And somebody that you know you gonna miss when he gone a-list. Human being right there. What does Andy even ask a d lineman in an interview? Can you remember? I mean, I know it was 15, 16 years ago, but like what, a while ago. Yeah. Yeah. What, what did, did he, did he ask much or was it mostly McDermott and the and the D-line coaches and all that? It Was mostly McDermott. Mostly McDermott. Talking Coach Reed just probably was just sitting back, just kinda watching. And then when, I remember when I left, like he just was talking, you know, like low how he talk. He wasn't ex like, it wasn't no excitement. It was all serious in that at the time for me, man, you know me coming in, I was like, what up coach? Hey y'all, hey. You know that all that.


But it wasn't, it wasn't as many smiles as much as it was smiles on draft day when they drafted me. They was just asking me about, you know, my stuff that I think, I think weed was more of the, of the topic at, at one point in college. You know, just talk about the smoking and all that stuff. But I didn't really have no off the field stuff in college. It was, I think I had a, what was it? One disorderly conduct for my, for my speakers in my car. You know, stuff like that. I think that's what they, that's Nothing. Yeah. Just being disruptive. Like it was one of them I had the answer to if I'm a coach, I like That. Yeah. Alright. He's disruptive. Yeah. I need, I know I Want my people to be disruptive. Yeah. So, you know, we talked about that.


Yeah. And then we talked about, that's it. I'm just being honest. If somebody comes to me and they all, I got two defensive ends. They run the exact same speeds, same times. And the only other information they give me is like, one of 'em never really talks and it's super quiet and the other one is super disruptive. I'm like, I'm taking the disruptive one. Gimme the disruptive, gimme the short context. Gimme that one. Gimme that One. He got some aggression. Boy he ready? Yeah, Right. Yeah, yeah. Got a fire in his belly. I like it. Oh man. You were, you were already, you were already in a Eagle's uniform, but what, what was your first impression of when Jason Kelsey got on the team? First impression. Can you remember your first time being like, who the fuck is this guy?


It was the entire season. Well, you know what he, that hair it's that hair. The hair at the time had the long hair. Had the long hair. You know, he was, he wasn't as, he had the Flowing out the helmet. He had the Cape on. He had the cape on. And then we had who we have, we had mud. Huh? Mud at that time. Howard Mud. Yeah. Howard Mud, Honey, mud legend. Danny Watkins. Yo, Danny Watkins, the fire truck. The fireman with the firetruck. Danny definitely was not at, at, I mean he was at, he was there more than he was playing, playing football. For real. A lot of, yeah. He, I got much respect for Danny though. He, he, he Used it seriously. He used it man. He used it. He, He, at the end of the day, Danny just, he wanted to be a fireman instead of a football player more.


Yes. Like, I mean there ain't nothing wrong with that. I respect the hell outta The fireman. Right. I respect it. I respect it. 'cause he now It's pretty crazy. He got drafted in the first round and then, But yeah. Having that mentality, but I know, nah, he's, I think I just saw something a couple years ago. He saved somebody's life being a fireman. Like, Hey, Danny doing his thing. Hell Yeah. Danny. Yeah, Danny is doing his thing, man. I mean, you know, he found his niche for after I remember my brother Todd telling me that Danny bought a firetruck, like one that they weren't using anymore. Yeah. And was just riding around the city. And I'm like, Jason is just going around hammering beers, riding around Philly took it to the game. Firetruck. He took it to the game.


I like, Man, what the fuck? People probably got outta the light, Huh? I'm in college still. I'm like, what the fuck kind of life is this guy living out there in Philadelphia? Man, We, we took it to the game. It might've been the game I tore my A CLI don't even remember, but we took it to the game. One of them, I'm in there with a ax with a big old mustache or something like that. I can't remember. I thought it was out there somewhere. You got a favorite Jason Kelsey story from your time there. We, we all know about the trash cans and the, and the helmets being thrown during practice. Come on. And this stuff. Come on. We You got any, you got any good stuff outside of those? You Know what if I had to think about, you know, what some of his speeches, man was great. Especially like during Covid years when we was inside the bubble, man.


Like I just felt like your speech always hit home because of, you know, just the realness of them, man. And You know, I just always respect just how like you guys on here, y'all be vulnerable and crying and all that stuff. Like me, I was grow, I grew up, you know, my mom used to be on me about crying and so, man, I used to be so tough. Even this even it felt so good crying when I had did my speech because man, it's just been a while. You know what I'm saying? For sure. You always try to be too tough. And it's like, man, I love that you guys, you know where that where that emotion on your sleeve, man. 'cause I mean we need more of that as men getting that stuff out. And so I'm, I've, I've gotten a lot better with that and I always admire that, that you can, you know, do that.


And so man, I, I felt for me, you know, just even with the speeches, you know, we always listened because we knew that you just not a bullshitter man. Like, you know, you might laugh and have fun and all this stuff here and there, but it's more of like when you do get you, you know, opening up and and doing some stuff, man, it's always cool 'cause you can tell that it means something to you. So that's, that's what just telling you my inspiration. Your inspiration on how you inspired, you know, just me on just like man, how you can know your emotions. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And, and, and be okay with that. That's real man. Well, Every single time I was trying not to, I was trying not to cry, but I couldn't help it. But It's, yeah, That's the thing about it. I dunno what it's, It's it's in the blood, But I can respect it.


I gotta say my, my biggest bg memory, I mean there's a lot of them, but the one I really think about is the trash talking before the Giants game. I still think about that because all, all year big Dexter Lawrence had been beating the crap outta centers and I'm getting ready to go. I gotta be on my game Right now. There's a big game for us. First playoff game of 2022. Yep. This dude has been killing people. I had already played him a couple times, so I'd already used a lot of my tricks. So I'm like, man, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to trick him this time. Yeah, I, I able to trick. I Gotta trick him The beat trick. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I'll play the trick. I gotta go, he to think I'm doing this, I gotta go over here, do that. And BG is just talking so much shit to this dude and I see Dexter up there and he's like, yeah, oh yeah, he's getting madder and madder.


I'm like, God damn it B G's making my job so much harder. No, BG is making the job easier because now he's gonna be aggressive. And that's how you really trick somebody is you get a real aggressive Yeah. And then you can start pulling the chair and get 'em off their body. It was all good. It ended up, hey, it ended up being perfect. It was a great game for us. So everybody was playing good. Bg we gotta we gotta talk more about the, the trash talking man. We've, we've shouted out your trash talking so much on this, on this show. Ah, everyone in the league always put you up there in the top of the list in terms of being, being able to edition and back it up. When did you start trash? Has it always been a part of your game?


Has this just always been how you enjoy playing the game Or did you like at some point say something to somebody and found out, oh, I could, I could change the way they play and the way they, they react to, to what's going on. I think me being trash talk, especially in Detroit, 'cause people used to come for me because being a linebacker, I play linebacker and then when you start making a name for yourself, everybody want to come, come for you, you know, and gun for you. And so people used to talk stuff to me. Yeah. Because I used to be a person that used to lead by example by how I do and not really talk about it. But then people started saying, man, I want to hear you man. Like, you know, you a leader of our team and they wanna, and I used to be nervous on like talking, I mean, I've grown to this where I talk a lot now, but it's like, at first it used to be just me doing my job.


And then when I get, when I get going, I can feel my ju Yeah. Yeah. What you say? You know what I'm saying? Like all the stuff you talk Yeah. To me. Yeah. What you say? I don't hear you talking. Nah. That type of stuff. But as I got to the league, it became more animated, more fun. Always try not to cuss because I felt like the, that's when the ref stole the flag. I tried to have something little funny, but at the same time, you know, I'm serious man. I just knew every we, we would go out there for, it'd be the like, hot as hell training camp. We're all tired of being out there. Say, does this happen in practice or what? Oh boy, it never stops. Yeah. We going out there, we going out there for like two minute drill or whatever and B'S like, yeah, fat boy. You know what's coming? Yeah. You know what's coming, pep boy?


I'd be like, man, what kind of snap? What kind hard come was that? What is that? Hey like, like Kel dot that little. Yeah. I'll be like, man, you ain't fooling nobody with that. Oh man, we have some fun. Boy. I'm, I'm definitely one thing about it, man. I'm gonna miss that that time. Them practices especially 'cause practices got a lot easier, man. 'cause in the beginning, for sure, it used to be tough. Man. Coach Reed. Come on man. Oh my. Oh goodness. Train Drive. Let's drive drill. Trying to get a little long drive drill. Oh, you getting me fired Up? Get Ready. You about to get ready for that. We gotta see who tough on our team.


First weekend when we get them pass Coach re boy, when we was up in Lehigh, he wanted to make, see who, who was going quit and who was gonna be the people that you know was gonna be the people for that we was gonna take for the team. And man, we used to do nine on seven, right? Yeah. Team run. Then you got, like you say, long drive, drill in the end of practice and it's like, boy you crazy. You know? He hasn't changed. He hasn't changed it one bit. He hasn't changed it one bit. It's still that exact, we always start off with team one quick blitz and then we're straight into 9 0 7, 9 0 7. Boy, I love it man. 'cause you really do see some stuff. Yeah. You might wear, wear it down a little bit, but it ain't two a days.


Like how we was just imagine two a days. Like how where we doing that one practice that you talking about, but then we gotta do it again. And it ain't no mercy. It wasn't like, he be like, okay, they had a, a rough, a rough, rough one in the beginning. Let's get it. It's just like, no next man up. Everybody had a rough one in the beginning. You about to have another one right here. Let me ask you this. What is, is there a art form to trash talking? You do a little background. Little Background? Yeah. You do a little background. Like knowing like, I follow the page. I follow your page, see what you got up, see what you into, talk about some get you all, get You all. I do like, you know where I learned it from? I learned it from a little bit of like, you know, just other players on just like, man, look at their Instagram.


You can tell, you can tell exactly what, what kind of stuff they into talk with 'em. Like, you know what I'm saying? Oh my gosh, that's so funny. I started doing that later on in my career. Sure. When, when social media, you know, just became more accessible. Like how it is now where you can really just look on somebody's page. You can kind of tell, find Anything you want, find Somebody you can buy anything, anything. And so I started doing that more, but I didn't go like personal. Some stuff was just, I didn't want, like I told you, I didn't want nobody coming looking for me after the game. But like a guy like Donald Penn. Oh yeah. Like, yeah, I used to talk my stuff to him. Especially like during that time where like that like spicy chicken sandwich stuff popped up. He made me, it made me think about him because I remember you used to get in trouble, like you Popeye chicken Popeyes, like, you know, and I was like, yeah man, we about to whoop y'all because I know you done had about a couple of 'em.


You know, I'm saying that type of stuff. Because I knew that he, he was a guy that, that they had in his contract. Boy if he, if he made sure he stayed under a way, he can get an incentive on that. So when I found that out, oh man, I started messing around. That's Hilarious. Stuff like that. You know what I'm saying? Nothing, nothing like a good heavy joke. Oh yeah. Because I, I mean, I know that, I know every week was like, all bg, come on man. Where you at? Jump on the scale. Yes. I'm good today. Thank you. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Nah, that's what I am gonna be happy about. But I promise you I'm, I'm, I'm about to a I bet you everybody had money on the, on the plus side of it. Like, nah, we gonna see BG gonna be slim, slim goody when I get done, I'm not gonna lie.


Just so you know, bg, everybody thinks you're gonna turn into an overweight mess. Oh yeah. Because you would show up to Oh yeah, you would show up to training camp every year Big. I know To your, to your credit, you would lose weight. But, but we know you like them cookies, bg. Oh yeah. Yeah. We know you like them cookies. Oh, you got a cookie. Got a little cookie monster in You. Oh man. You know, I love just, just sweets. But let me tell you, I've been working out, as you can see, Kel, I was in there with you today. I'm gonna make sure I, I'm just trying to keep that routine because you Right, I know, I know Fletch can't wait. Fletch over there. Fletch the ring leader of it. Like Yeah, he look exactly like, exactly. Bg gonna be this. I bet you I put my money down. It's money down already.


But you better get, I'm about to pick it right up because boy, I might, I might, I might bet Fletch after this conversation, I've had so much more self-control. 'cause my wife, you know, she is killing it and she, She don't play. Carla ain't playing. Yeah. That's too funny. She on play and she like, look, we about to have, we about to be in weddings, we about to do all this stuff and you out here and you better make sure that you Right. I'm like, I got you baby. Nice. And so there you go. You go accountability In the house. Right. I Need accountability partner. And so she the one, she the one, hey, she Kind reminds me of Vic Fangio a little bit. You know, she got a little bit of that Vic Fangio to it. Nonsense. I, I made sure, I make sure I, I really wanna make change if I tell her, if I tell her yes.


Yes. Because I don't want her on me man saying, Hey, you said you was gonna do this, why you over there doing that? It is like, oh my goodness. Like I can't have a snack or you know, It's just one, it's just one baby.


All righty. Let's get to a game. We're gonna play with you bg, did you sack him? Oh, okay. Did you sack him? That's right. Brought to you by American Express. Yeah. You played in over 200 NFL games and recorded over 82 career sacks, including playoffs. Damn. Yep. So we're gonna ask you today, did you sack him? We're gonna give you the quarterback's name and you tell us If you sacked them.


Lemme see if I'm real good at this. Lemme see. See if you can remember. Yeah. Alright, I'll start with an easy one. Tony Romo Sacked them. I can see a picture of mine Right now. Sacked them? Yeah. Drew Breeze. Oh yes I did. I sacked him. Yep. It, I Think it was a strip strip sack too. Oh, okay. Okay. All Right Now. All Right. Now, not Many, not many times. But I did sack him though. Alright. Eli Manning, Man. Lemme see. I'm gonna go with Yes. If you had you the division for so long. Played him a bunch.


I did. Had to Andrew Luck. Nope. Never got Him. Never got him. Okay. Okay. All right. DB got him, DB got him when? When he played, when we was, it was a year, 2018 last play DB ended up getting him of the game, but nah, I I didn't get him, I didn't get him. Lamar Jackson. Yep. Sacked him, chased him down to the sideline, sacked him, Chase him down, chased him down. He ran outta bounds. He ran outta bounds. So, you know, it was behind the line sack. So it was like, yes, That count, that count that counts beat you. That don't count man. That don't count. That Don't count. It's on the stat sheet, baby.


Then it counts. Yep. Then it counts. Well, speaking of The, what, what was it like? What was, yeah, what was it like chasing Lamar down? Man, that boy fans, and I mean, when I tell you he is explosive and he stopped at the drop of a dime. Like, you gotta really take your shot with him because If you, If you playing around like him and he just, he gonna take off on you. So I just took my shot and he went outta bounds and they caught a, a sack. That was a sack at the end of the game. You were The closest one to him. Closest One to him. Boy. There you go. You're on a roll Right now. You got all these rights so far. Aaron Rogers. Aaron Rogers. That's a good one right there. Because I did not sack him at all. What?


Nope, I have. Are you sure? I, I don't know. I can't, I gotta remember, let me see. We Got him as the, you did sack. Oh, for real? How Many did He run outta bounds? How many, how many? 'cause hold on. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I did sack him 2017. Yep. I did sack him. I sacked him. Okay. I Think it were 26. I know we played him and I, I remember Nigel, Brad, I, When we played him Nigel Bradham, the year, the game that he caught the pick at the end of the game up there, because we had a really good Game. Oh, that was 20, that was 2018. The year after. Yeah. 2018. Yep. 2018. Yep. Aaron. 'cause Aaron wasn't, it wasn't often with Aaron either. Like, you know, like I, I, I couldn't get him. He gets the ball out quick.


Yeah, Man, that ball quick. You know, so he, he was ano he was one that I wanted to get. What About another all time? Great. Peyton Manning. Peyton Manning. Yes. I sacked him. I sacked him. Hmm. Oh, no, no. You sure? Nah, you right. You Sure? He threw it away? Threw it away. Did you get the sheriff Or no? Nah. Nah, I didn't get him. We got you. I didn't get him. We Got you as, nah, you didn't Say No, I didn't him, I didn't get him. The sheriff had to have had some fun trash talking you back, man. He Was one that I would talk to, but he just would look at me like, You know, I be like, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, even like his brother, his brother was the same way. Eli. Yeah. You know, Eli just kind of like, you know, do this little and, and just kind of look and go back to the, to the huddle.


But you know, who used to talk, talk stuff back to me? Philip Rivers. Who was it? Philip Rivers. Oh, I was about to say Rivers. I've heard he, who he's already up there. He was, He was one boy that just hit you on your butt. Yeah. How about that? You know, I hit you with a, like, I just remember, remember him first down hit me on my butt first down like, how about that one? You know that? And it was like, oh, okay. You, you hitting me. You touching me? Okay. Bet that Too funny. Oh, That game, that Packers game was 2019. My bad. 2019. Oh, 2019. Okay. Okay. Is There a quarterback you never sacked, but wish you did? Let me go through this list real quick. Who did? I didn't touch that I wanted to, I mean, Of course it would've been, it would've been cool to get a picture with Vic, you know, sacking him.


But I got practice, practice of practice of pictures and stuff like that. But it's so different. Yeah. You know, when you in action. Yeah. So Vic would've been one if he would've still been in Atlanta playing down there. But I would, you know, just to say I had a guy, a sack on Vic, and then I got one on Dak. I, I love all, I love getting sacks on, on cowboys, quarterbacks. Especially at they place. At they place. It ain't nothing like getting a win in Jerry's world, boy. 'cause when, 'cause Jerry, Jerry had said one time that Yeah, y'all drafted him high. Like he ain't, you know, he said something and I had it in my locker.


Dang, I wish I'm gonna get the words. If I can, if I could find that article and it just talked about me going high, I would've, I would've had him near If it was my pick or whatever. And so I was like, okay. And so I Hey Jerry. So I always, me being with the Eagles and, and yeah, I noted that. And that's why I kind of started building that, that not even, I wouldn't say hatred, but you know, that that rivalry with the Cowboys. Yeah. That excitement To play. That excitement. Excitement to play, you know, with them. Who's the hardest qb to you've ever had to like a chance to like tackle Who's the hardest QB to bring down? Cam? Cam? Big cam new guy Or, or Ben Rotberg. Ben Rotberg. Yeah. Ben Roder was, He was a slippery, big Dude.


Was slippery. Yeah. I gotta say big. He was A slippery big guy. Man. That's too funny. Cam is a, I mean, he is a juggernaut man. The guy, he could, he could've played any position on the field, let alone how great he was at qb man. Getting that dude down. I remember watching the first, one of the first games of the, I Think it might not even been the first game of the season, but when he was playing for Auburn. Oh yeah. How he was running around. I was like, oh. I'm like, man, What is this? Stiff Arms and all that stuff, man. It was just like Running through over around everybody. His extension. His extension on just like, you know, his whole body. I ain't wanna, you know, say something, be like, people say pause, but you know his length. I'll say no.


He big dude, man. Yeah. Big dude man. Big deal. And and Ben though, Ben was slippery. So if I had to say my sacks against Ben, I never took him down. It was more like, blew the end of the whistle. Just blowing. 'cause you got him, you know that, that type of sack Trying to wrap him up. Yep. Too funny man. Yeah. And that was, did you sack him, brought to you by American Express? Pretty good. Pretty nice. You were all right. You may, you getting a little shaky there. But you did good. You did good. You Nailed it. Nah, He might have, he Was a little, I was a little, I was little. Like, I couldn't Remember. He didn't. Aaron Rogers, he finally came around to it. P Man on top of that P manny too. Pey Manny. He thought he got paid, man. I thought I got him. I did. That Was good though. That was pretty good. That was, it's hard when you got 82 of those things.


Oh man. It's hard. I, I wanna, I wanna definitely get all them on the, on the USB so I can go back to it and watch him. I'm hell man. I'm gonna get Pat do do that for me. Make me a USB Pat, pat. I'm sure Pat's gonna be happy about that one. He'll be excited about it. I'll give him a shout out. I'm gonna give him a shout out. Let him know when, when he do it. Tell everybody. Yeah. Pat did this for me. Gotta love it, man.


Thank you to our partner Allstate. Yeah. Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Ooh. Like, you know how to check the parking meter first before leaving your car there. Like, you Know how to check your calendar first before making plans. Yeah. Like, you know, to check your alarm is set first before going to bed. Like, you know, to Check if the oven is on first before putting food in it. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're In good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company in a Phillies, Northbrook, Illinois.


This show sponsored by LIQUID IV. Ooh. This stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit LIQUID IV dot com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade Hydration Multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code new Heights at Checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun. Liquid IVs got your back. We've Got your classics like acai berry and lemon lime. Those are always solid choices, but get this, they even have pina colada. Break The mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How About that? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from LIQUID IV. Get 20% off your first order of LIQUID IV when you go to LIQUID IV dot com and use code New Heights at Checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code, new Heights at LIQUID IV dot com.


We got to our final section called, we gotta Ask, we're gonna ask you a bunch of rapid fire questions. Okay. You don't have to answer 'em. You can tell us to fuck off, but okay. We are gonna ask him Right now, that lane is alone of the core four that we've been nicknamed. I guess, who does he miss most out of me? You and Fletcher Cox. I gotta say Kel because Kels in his room and he know you. Right. He mow you on a deeper, on a deeper 'cause. Being in the room is so different, man. Like, it makes a different, it makes a different getting cussed out by your coach and how you respond to it is everything. Well then how about this? Who does, who does he miss the least?


If I had to say he miss, he gonna miss. Ooh, that's a good one right there. Yeah. So I'm gonna go with my boy Fletch. 'cause he mad at the world Right now. Fletch mad at the world. 'cause that Super Bowl, man. I told his but to come on back, I thought he was though. I Thought he was gonna come back. Who are you telling Jason? I'm not. I'm not bad enough. I'm happy. I don't wanna play in that game. I was done playing Football. I know I'm at this point now where I'm with you. I'm with you Kel. Like, I'm getting to that point of like, man, it's over. It's over. It's cool. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, it just ain't, I have my time. I had my time and you know, the next thing is I got a week to get my locker cleaned up. Like that's what Greg just gave me a week before. I'm moving in to the next it, because OTAs are starting and they need that locker.


That's what's happening. Yeah. They need that locker. So it was sad today when I heard it, he so told me like, Hey man, I'm giving you that week notice. I know you already been cleaning it out, but I'm gonna need it. I'm gonna ask Howie, you know, if it's like, if I can extend you a little bit. But if not, you know, you just got a week. And I'm like, all right, bet. You know, and, and it kind of hit me like, dang boy, I've been here 15. Damn. You know? Now it's like, but I'm, I'm happy though. I'm so happy that it's over. The, the stresses of it is over. But yeah, go ahead. Keep the questions coming. Favorite Great Lake? Oh, I'm gonna, I'm I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go Lake. Lake. Lake Michigan. No, come on. Come on. You grew up right there. Here. Lake.


I can say Lake. You right On man. It's the, what's what we share. When I went up to Lake Michigan, it was like, Ooh. Yeah. And it's a little more beautiful. Which one would I rather swim in? Yeah. I'm gonna go lake mic. I'm gonna go Mates. No, no, for real. That's the way you going there. I Ain't swimming in Lake Erie. Yep. Or Lake Huron. Lake Huron. Huron is cool too. Jason, you can ask this question. Jason, If you could detach any body part, what would you detach? Mm, if I had to detach any body part, I would just say or Detachable. You can put it back on. You can put it back on. Oh, okay. You can take It off and on. Probably one of my, like a foot or something like that. Like, you know, just kind of take a foot off, take It off. What would you do with it?


Put it up and go to bed, you know, and then put it back on. Hey. That'd be like, oh man, I'm taking my foot off, you know, to take, to go rest. And then when it's time to get back, there you go. You know, go put it, you know, You can separate it. You can Separate it. There you go. Separate. That's too funny. You know, I can't get out the bed, baby. I took my foot off already. I took my foot off, baby. I can't, it can't. My foot's up there on the, the fireplace. I can't be getting up and doing stuff. Lemme go get my sleep, baby. I, I see you in the morning. I can't go fold. I can't go fold these clothes Right now. My foot's over. Yeah, that's a good one right there. I wouldn't, I don't know. I mean, I wouldn't do nothing up here 'cause this, this where you, You know, I feel like with that, but if I'm chilling and I want to kind have an excuse, I'll do something with my lower leg.


All Right. All right. Too funny, man. Now, now that you're retired, it is big time still on your favorite call or your Yeah. Your call list. Your favorites List. Oh yeah. Dogon always be that because I gotta, I gotta make sure that anything that's going on in the city, You know, I wanna know about. Just so that I can know, know where not to go. Yeah. Because Philly, seriously Philly in the beginning of my career, some certain places that I just go eat or just like, I just wanted certain cheese steaks, I'd be like, Hey Dom, is this cool to be over here? He say, yeah, you, you all right during the day, just don't be over there hanging around. Say, all right, bet you know, I'm gonna go get some food over there real quick.


I'm gonna be in and out, man. I'm gonna be in and out. So yeah, Dom was always a good, he always gonna be on the favorites. You gotta talk about your time at Ann Arbor. Man, I was actually at one of your spring ball practices as a, as a recruit. That's crazy. And when I tell you that there was no chance I was ever getting a scholarship to go to Michigan to play quarterback, I was actually in the QB room. While guys like Chad Henny, Ryan Mallet were going over spring ball practices. And man, it felt like every single play was double post to Mario Manningham. It was crazy. I was like, I was just sitting there listening to the lingo. It was crazy being on those practices, man.


The prestige and the history at Michigan. You could feel it as soon as you walked on campus. Yep. Yeah. And was that, was that like a huge part of you going to going to Michigan? You know, I did love the traditions and I love the saying of those who stay will be champions. And it's like you start here in the back, we, the rookies were freshmen start in the back. And If you make it down to the front, you know you usually, by the time you got there, you usually be a champion. And I didn't get that like, but I love that slang. I'm say, you didn't get that? I didn't get that. I didn't get that. But I made it all four years. But You know, I had Chip, I had Rich Rod for two years and I had for Coach Carr, coach Lloyd Carr for two years.


Yes. Yeah. My first two with him and then with then Rich Rod came in. But my only two that I really felt like I could have got there as a champion was Coach Carr. 'cause my first year we was number two, Ohio State, number one. And I think, yeah, we lost to them. Then we went to the Rose Bowl, lost to John David Booty. That was the quarterback. Yeah. And we ended up losing both last two games, the one in the championship to win, get our, get our sere and then we lost in the Rose Bowl. But that was a good experience my first year. Then the second year we went ten two. We didn't have a chance, 'cause they got the playoffs now, but we would've been in the playoffs that year. And that would've been cool to kind of go through this type of style that they had now.


But those was the only chance that I had. But those who stayed with Be Champions, that tradition that Michigan brought just from some of the guys that's been there. My dad was a big Michigan fan. So we used to go home every, every weekend, every Saturday. He'd cut my hair and then we'd watch the game, then I'd go back home to my mom, stuff like that. So when, when they came calling, it was a no brainer. After my junior year I committed right away and was just happy to have that. And then all these other teams started coming out of nowhere. That's cool, man. Could the average person rush for a yard in the NFL? The average American weighs 199.8 pounds and is five nine. Well, let me tell you this. If they can take the hit, which I think they can't, you know, fbo, I mean if any, I mean they could get one, they could get one.


But you gotta, Hey, you have a dang on Fred Warner, come get you and take your head off. Then it's like, oh, okay. You gonna rethink it? Yeah, you can get a yard, but can you hold onto that ball when you get hit? Right. That's it. That's a good point. We haven't heard that one yet. Yeah. Aaron Donald has said that Jason is the lineman he hated playing against the most. Who's the least favorite lineman that you've ever lined up against? Terron Smith. Man, that was a guy that even at this level, he played. Yeah. It was like, man, what I didn't like sometimes is he, he liked to swipe your hand down. Like, you know that swipe down. Yeah. When you bull. 'cause I'm a, I'm a, I like to bull rush and catch him with the bull. And he used to swipe my hands down.


I would fall to the ground. I used to call him all kind of names and be like, man, that's soft. That's soft. You out here. You know. But he was a guy that I res I respect man, because he always switched it up when I did get two and a half, two against him, one game. It was so cool. 'cause man, he was tearing me up in the beginning in his prime a little bit. And I'm just giving him some credit. 'cause we had some battles, but for the most part, that was a guy that I always was like, oh man, I I, You know, I gotta get ready. You know, you gotta get ready. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta get ready. He was a great player. Respect that one. What was your welcome to the NFL moment? Woo. Let me tell you. I, I know this one was coming. Boy, that boy, what's his name?


Daniels D Tackle. That was at the Packers. What's his name? Why can't I Think it his first name? Oh, Dean Lyman. I know exactly. Talking about, you know, I'm talking about, but we was on, remember what I was telling you on kickoff? I, I became the creator name. I, I created a name for myself and we was playing the Packers and that year it was Yeah, Mike Daniels was Mike Daniels. Mike Daniels, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mike Daniels. He, he was on the wedge. And so These kids will never know what the wedge is. These guys will never, They never know. Never know What it was like. Never know. We, we kicked the ball off and, and Mike Daniels like they told him, you know, he gonna be the guy that's blocking me or whatever. But I don't, I ain't care 'cause I ain't think, think nothing of it.


I'm running down Block. Yeah, we kicked it left and they have a return. Right. So as I'm running right, he already went Right. But he's sizing me up and this one cracked back. Yeah, this one Crack backs was still going. Oh yeah. That Ambush block. Ambush The ambush. Boy I turned, I'm looking at the back as I'm going this way. All I remember is just looking up because that boy that hit me that hard where I'm my feet in the air. I'm gonna get that clip. I'm gonna get that clip boy because I gotta find this clip. Oh, we gotta get that clip man. Because on kickoff return, it was back in 20 13, 20 14, 1 of them years where Chip Kelly, where I was playing special teams and we was playing the Packers. This one had Eddie Lacey too. 'cause he was a, he was another one man that gave me a headache when I used to hit him when he was good.


Good. Yeah, they Do. Man. We were in that time when that boy was like moving. But man, Mike Daniels gave me that welcome to the NFL moment where it was like, yeah, that boy right there. I don't never like the next, next kickoff. I was down there looking like where he at. Exactly. Put your head on a Swivel. On a swivel this time. That was the first time I turned down a, a hit where I was like, man, I don't wanna get hit like that no more or something. That was that moment We go Mike Meel. Man, that was that moment About should, should blindside blocks be illegal? Should you still be allowed to do those? I can't. I can't. It like for me, I would always love it because that used to be my game too. I used to get catch some people in college. I mean high school, slip Co you know, it's a great one when, when, when somebody ran in and you catch 'em all, man sit your little butt down.


But yeah, but now, now that we can't do it and and then somebody try to catch you like that. I try to talk stuff about 'em, but for the most part that was what I did too. So I would have to say, I, I would love for it to be back in the game. 'cause it brought like one of them, like them highlights for real. I just don't get, they say like it's a defensive, defensive player. What happened to have your head on a swivel? Yeah. Whatcha talking about you gotta defend yourself. I don't get this at All. That's the whole point of the league. It's like, man, like when you out there on that field, you better keep your head on a swivel because people was out there gunning while the play is going. You gotta keep your head on a swivel. So. Exactly. Yeah man, I, I would love for it to be back, but you know, we in this player safety league Right now, so hey, we gotta do it.


We gotta do it. It's evolving. It's evolving. Hopefully it gets back to it, man. I got one more question for you. You, which is your favorite Super Bowl? Oh, 2017. 2017. 2017. Easy. Easy. Oh, okay. First one Because of that, that, that play against Brady man. Like I told you, it changed my life. It changed my, it changed my whole, you signed That picture. A bunch of it, Man. I still don't, I still don't understand it. 'cause everybody still be coming to these appearances and I'd be like, man, how did I not meet this person Man, I thought, I feel like I'd have met everybody in the world. But because it's like, man, that picture right there, man, it's nothing like it was, it changed my life.


And then on top of that, got my first one, that was my first championship that I was ever in at any level where, You know, I got a ring afterwards and so it was like, man, it was cool to that me and Philly, we all was dying for a ring and then a championship and we got it that way. So 2017 would always be near and dear. But this one man was, was the one too. 'cause man, that defense, I ain't never seen the defensive style play that we did this week. I mean that, that week practice and is translated to the game. So I'm, I'm, but I gotta go 2017. Awesome. Well that's awesome man. Bg, I gotta say I can't thank you enough for coming on. I mean hell yeah. This has Been awesome. Nah, this was great.


Thank you for the stories man. That shit was amazing man. Oh This was good man. I appreciate you, you bro. I love watching y'all boys. I'm sure I'll see you up at NovaCare. I better see you there 'cause I'm gonna make a bet with Fletch about this weight loss. Let's Go. Don't be, I love you'll be Eating them cookies Bg. I ain't gonna be eating them. You know, every periodically, man. They ain't, they ain't gonna go nowhere 'cause I got these kids, these kids be like, Hey dad, can we go get some ice cream? And You know, I want something too, so. Yeah, that's right. But ain't gonna do it often. I ain't gonna do it often. There You go. I got my and and don't forget to Check out BG s book. Bgs ABC's baby. Yeah, there we go. ABCs. Thank y'all. Gotta love it man. Congrats on a hell of a career man. I I'll I'll catch you up there in Philly or sometime soon on, on the links man. We'll catch up. Okay. Nah, looking forward to it Dude.


Branding Graham, How about that one baby? What a guy man. Legend dude, this shit talking time stories were fucking epic. Everything the guy could tell the story to. I can't wait to see what the, his post NFL career looks like. I know he'll stay around the game and, and make sure he passes the wisdom and everything. He's just that kind of guy, man. And Philly, I'm, I don't even think they knew exactly what they were getting when they draft him all the way back in. What is it? 2010? 9, 10, 10. Because I was 11. He was a year before me. Yeah, I mean he ended up being an all time eagle. I mean he's obvious. I mean literally the all time leader in games played. Yeah, Ken asked for a better person. More importantly, I mean, great family man too.


Coming out with a children's book. It's so like Fitz Brandon's what he stands for. Like just, he's a tremendous person so couldn't be happier that he came on the show and looking forward to see what he gets up to next. Especially staying away from the cookies. It's hard. It's hard to stay away from the cookies. It is. Alright. Right now, before we get into some no dumb questions, I gotta make a little statement in the don't believe everything you read kids category or nice realm that you see online. Some false claims were thrown out there. That I was doing something in the community that I was not and I'm not even gonna talk about a specifically. I don't wanna bring any more attention to that whole nonsense and, and article and all that stuff.


But If you ever want to know exactly what I'm doing in the community, just go to 87 running.org. We're always trying to get out there and, and get in the Kansas City community and the Cleveland community. But you know, this time I wasn't doing what was falsely claimed by the social channels or the outlets posting all this AI stuff. So just wanted to set the record straight. Appreciate everybody for always trying to show love, especially Pat Bag is always trying to look out for the guys in the sports guys and women in the sports world and yeah. Thanks you guys.


Alright. Right now let's get to some no dumb questions brought to you by PERPLEXITY. That's right. We spent so much time on this show looking up answers that were now sponsored by a search engine. That's Right. How about that Perplexity you's gonna throw in the question. It'll hit you with the answer. Discover, fast and reliable search with Perplexity today. Hit me with that. No dumb question.


All right, here's, we got a voicemail coming in. What's up fellows? My name is, whoa, I'm a Lions fan, but I love the show. Okay. Okay. Beach ROYAL. Awesome. Here we go. I'm 18. So I'm not a parent, but I was gonna ask 18. So I'm not a Parent situation. What The fuck does that mean? What would you, what advice would you give to a parent that wants to teach their kid how to be better at golf? I'm just, I'm really, I'm really bad at golf guys and I, You know, I need help. So, So you're at, please. So there's a weirdest way of asking us, Have a good day.


Go lying. A weird way to ask us to help him with his golf game. What did the water boy ask Mr. Ensino? Like, Hey, I'm Noah, I'm 18 so I'm not a parent. And I was like, the fuck, where are we going with this? He just wants to let everybody know he's the child in this. He needs, he wants advice to tell his parents on what to do to make him a better golfer. It sounds like From two football players. Well, I mean, consider myself an average golfer. Well, I would say first thing is probably the thing that you've already considered and that's get lessons. Nah, Nah, you're right. The rule of 10,000 bud.


Just pick up a stick and go hit that fucking thing, man. That legitimately is my, my number one thing is just play a bunch of golf. Dude, just go out there. Every lie is gonna be different. You're gonna need to, you know, have a few extra balls in your pocket when you go and play golf the next time. Not so you can cheat. So you can take The same shot Multiple times. That way you're getting used to taking all the different random as above your feet, below your feet behind up, up a hill, down at like the slopes and all the divots and all the different types of grass. There's so many different fucking shots. You're gonna be overwhelmed by it If you just jump into it. But it's gonna be, it's gonna be fun.


I got a good friend Right now that's actually picking up the sticks for the first time, man and tomes. He was fucking hacking it. He was hacking it out. Get the fuck outta here. Oh man. But it was, it was funny to see him get into it every single shot, every after every single hole. He is like, I don't, I mean, you just have so much more respect for like the pros and I'm just like, bro, you are so far behind the wheel in terms of like the fucking, what the pros are, where they started and all this. Like, dude, not even thinking that you were gonna come out here and hit a shot like a pro. Like you gotta your swing. You're such a fucking enormous human being.


Either way. I'm getting off track. Yeah, the biggest thing is you get out there, you just fucking hack you just fucking, you figure out, you know things. Watch them get on the Instagram. Just start scrolling the reels, typing golf at the time. Start scrolling reels. Hear how people talk about golf. If you really want to get good at it, just and golf yourself and the knowledge that Engulf yourself. Yeah. There you go. That's great. All Right. Engulf yourself. Engulf everything. Yeah, I think these is all good advice. I think the, the biggest thing is practice, right? Like now If you take anything that's best Thing you do. Yeah. Anything you wanna get better, right? You just practice that, but not just practice you.


You put practice in with a purpose, right? Ooh, The p and p Take this from me. Listen, I am the third to last place finisher at the American Century Classic last year. So take my advice. I think I Take my advice. No seriously practice mostly with the clubs you're gonna use the most. So what's, what club are you gonna use the most on a, on a golf course? Driver. Putter. Nice putter too. Yeah, Putter more you, If you don't three putt, you'll beat most people. If you get two putt every hole, you're gonna beat most people you play with next club driver, right? Then your wedges. Okay. Get really good at those three things and you're gonna be a decent golfer. You're gonna shoot a pretty good score.


So go to a chipping green, get really good at chipping up and downs. And then always two put Dude, you're gonna be golden, Bubba, you're gonna be sitting pretty. I can't wait. I haven't played golf with you forever. I, I can't wait. I, I feel like we should do one more. We have a NOTAM question on the New Heights Reddit page. Hey, From Tanya Dixon two 12. What do you guys think about the change in the way the downs are going to be measured? Do you prefer the chain gang or the cameras measuring them? I really don't even understand this to be honest with you. When they say the cameras are measuring them, how are the cameras measuring them? What are we talking about here?


The, Basically the chain gang is like a secondary measurement for first downs. Yeah, that's what, that's what they did last year, right? No, no, no. They, they, they incorporated a chip in the football last year during the preseason and they, That's what it was. It was preseason. But this Isn't a chip in the football. This is, they're solely gonna try and use camera technology to determine first downs. But I don't really understand how that's different than when like, 'cause obviously everybody's lumping to the collusion against the bills game, right? Against you guys where it looked like Josh Allen was ahead of the first down mark. Nah, I'm just, all I'm saying is I Don't Think it looked like it.


I think you could only assume that the, where the ball was in his arm that it hit. It may have gotten but you couldn't tell exactly. Well, I'm think there's a lot of people that think you could tell. And I think that there's, I think there's a lot of people that Think it couldn't tell. All I'm saying is I think this rule is here by and large because of that play, but I don't know what, how this is different. Like they still looked at that play on replay and saw where the ball went. So I'm just confused. I I guess I don't really understand how they're measuring the first downs with the cameras and how when they replayed them upon challenges, I don't, I don't know.


Sure. I think this is just a big Sony endorsement. I think it's just they e everybody's gonna be talking about Sony Hawkeye virtual measurement system and this is just like a big like plug for Sony. God damn. You're right, aren't you? That's Why else would they fucking give a Sony Hawkey? It's not a conspiracy. You're a thousand percent right? I mean It's not even a joke. This is how conspiracies work ladies. No, It's not a conspiracy. 'cause there's no fucking chance it would be called the Sony Hawkeye Virtual Measuring System. Like it just is The only reason that that is a thing is 'cause Sony paid out the ass to have this as a fucking thing in the NFL.


How would I not see this coming? Well, Larry, it's No, it's so true. 'cause they would've never put Sony in front of it. Yeah, no, They don't say like, Hey, all these cameras are brought to you by LG camera like system that fit. No, this is a hundred percent a fucking, I got 'em going. I can't believe this. I mean, I'm, I love the chain gang. I don't know why I like That. It's there this super like way outdated version of measuring first downs. I'm against the Sony Hawkeye virtual measuring system simply because it's called the Sony Hawkeye measuring system.


Like don't fucking sell me Sony in your fucking measuring system. Just fucking say, Hey, we got a virtual measuring system now. Oh cool. I don't need it to be called the Sony Hawkeye Measuring System. You are gonna be selling fucking t-shirts. What the fuck are we naming it? The Sony Hawkeye measuring system for, It's the Sony Hawkeye Virtual Measuring System. Jason, they probably created the technology. I digress. NFL Sorry if I blew your cover, but also, sorry to the chain gang guys. Man, we'll miss you. Well, they're still gonna be there. There is only there. Chain y is there as like a secondary option. I do wanna know what this technology is 'cause I'm still confused. Like what does the Hawkeye measuring system virtual measuring system do exactly. Probably see through people.


It's virtual, so it's like we can like turn people into video games. It's text perplexity. The system uses multiple high performance cameras, up to 10 positions strategically around the playing arena. These cameras capture the ball's movement in three different angles from different angles. Triangulation, it's a good word to use If you wanna sell some shit to somebody. Sounds like something that they used in like every nineties or eighties. Movie like action movie. We triangulated as coordinates overt of it. Triangulation, the captured video feeds are processed using triangulation principles. The fuck said it's fucking gish. They're killing it Right now.


To Create a 3D representation of the ball's trajectory data analy analysis, the system tracks the balls position frame by frame, calculates its path and predicts its future trajectory based on predefined models of the play area and game rules, predefined models, the playing area and game rules. Hawkeye generates graphical representations of the ball's movement, which can be displayed in real time for referees and players. So I just, I don't know what Hawkeye is doing that you can't just see by looking at the camera, It's turning it virtual. Jason is turning it into a video game so that they can determine where the ball actually is.


AKA they can see through people's bodies. Go Up, go up to tennis, go up to tennis, go to go up to tennis. So in tennis they can see when the ball hits the line, whether it's in or out. So obviously we've all seen that technology used and it works phenomenally. It's a great, it's a great technology for tennis. They clap whenever it doesn't, but The ha Hawkeye isn't determining where the line is. Like the line to gain is established on the field in the moment. So they're gonna get the line to gain from the very first set of downs. I think that's why they still need the chain game. They need to chains to be able to be on the sideline. And that gives him, that gives them like the line.


I just, I'm, It makes too much sense that this is just a Sony plug. I mean, I, but the more I read this, the more I'm just like, I guess This is, this is, So you're gonna go to the cameras and a human's gonna look at This is, this is honestly what I think has happened. Okay? This is just an out for referees having to make this decision this's. What this all this means is they now have a camera that is gonna tell you if the ball reached the first down, mark the line or not. Okay? And that way, if the camera and the technology is wrong, nobody can fucking, like, you're not gonna dispute it. Nobody ever disputes the fucking Hawkeye thing in tennis.


They're just like, yep, that was in, or nope, that was out. Hawkeye said it. So that's all we're getting with this. I don't know if this thing's gonna be accurate or not, but how the fuck do you refute it? You can. You can call it like, anybody can go up there and watch a replay and be like, oh, that guy isn't looking at the right thing. I'm looking at the same thing and that guy's full of shit. This looks like a first down. But now you be looking at it and the Hawkeye's gonna tell you it's not a first. I like, well, guess they triangulated it and Hawkeye found Sony would've lied to us. No, they would never. Oh man, they triangulated it. That fucking got me. All right. It doesn for no dumb questions. Far to you by perplexity. Discover fast, reliable series with PERPLEXITY today.


Hey, All Right, now let's get to a little March Madness challenge updates, man. Oh man, what a final four in the men's bracket and what a very interesting women's bracket it ended up being now that it's over and Yukon ran away with it. It wasn't, it wasn't even Close championship. Yeah, I know South Carolina had an unbelievable season. It's not fun losing the championship game like that. I can share a couple similar feelings with them on that, but the women's bracket, congrats to our winner Matt Oliver, who wanna be a tiebreaker by Five Points.


That's right. Done. Matt, Shout out to Matt. Yeah, men's bracket. We're still recording this before the final, so it's gonna be one of two winners. If Florida wins, congrats to Robert Unger and if Houston wins, congrats to Dakota Black. How about it? Huh? Dakota Black sounds like a, like a character in a movie. It does sound like it. That Wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you Brandon Graham for joining us.


Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube, me too, to New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights of Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by hbos THE LAST OF US. That's right, Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s and follow along for all the fun clips that we have from this week's episode. Thank you to our production and crew for putting those clips together and making us look way better than what we are and to the 92 Percenters. We love you guys. We'll see you guys next week. Oh, there it is. Check out that fireman photo. Look at that. Hey, that that's on the firetruck. Yeah, that's on the back of the firetruck and And I think, I think that's the game. I tore my ACL. I really do. I think that was the Baltimore Ravens game. Wow. Hey Kels, man, you gotta get that look back, man. That look clean right there. Boy, that is hilarious. That's a good, I don't know if Kylie, I don't know if Kylie is pulling For that one. That's a beach view right there. That's a good beach picture right there. Boy. Got the sun glasses on. It looked like it's probably September Lion's main right there. Look Like it's September training camp. Exactly. It was not good. That's just funny as hell. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.