
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, early And ad free. Right now, Join Wondery Plus. in the Wondery App. Or on Apple Podcasts,


Football ERs Finally back, which means it's time to order your favorite game day. Food snacks, And drinks on DoorDash without missing a play. If you've Ever been disappointed with your game day spread, you need to fix That ASAP by checking out our friends over at DoorDash How about That. Jason, what goes into the perfect game day spread? Man, listen, you can't go wrong with beer. Yep. Pizza. Yep. Wings. Yep. I'm not gonna lie. A Nice cheese plate. Yeah. If it's Don, Well, Yep. I'm in. I'm in on some nachos. You know I'm saying nachos. Ooh. Nachos are good, but it doesn't matter. If you agree with me. Just use promo code New Heights 24 for 50% off up to $10 in value. When you spend $15 or more on your first order Limited time offer terms do Apply. DoorDash, your door to game day greatness your door to more. Download the DoorDash app now to order your game. Day favorites. Must be 21 Plus to order alcohol Drink Responsibly. Alcohol ERs available only in select markets.


You said for ERs. I've been thinking about this. That's what you said for ERs. I been thinking we've been talking about this. Yeah. You've Been laying at Night thinking like I need to Get this into the Show somehow. Oh gosh. This ERs why you did the, the college game day. You got, you're start to bring the fans outta here for talking shit. That's s right. Do you think you could fucking kick a Field Goal? Bingo. You know what? I don't know if my hips got me in it. We might have to find this out. Hey Welcome. back to New Heights. Ladies and gentlemen, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports. And Entertainment And brought to you by PELOTON Hey. How behind it all, Right PELOTON Find, Your push Hey. Find your Power with PELOTON.


That's s right. We are your host. I'm Travis Kel. This ERs my big brother, Jason Kelsey. Coming off the bye week, Cleveland Heights High School alum, Cincinnati Bearcat alum. The Bearcats got back on the winning track, getting after UCF this weekend. Shout out to the Bearcat. This fucking right Boys', right? That's s right. Make sure you subscribe on YouTube one three Plus or wherever you Get your podcast. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. And. Jason, you're now going to tell the people what we got coming up. Well. We got another incredible episode lined up for All United two Percenters. We're gonna talk about both our weekends out of the house, the Eagles big win against the Brown Brownies And. We're gonna be joined by a very special guest, woo, who's definitely going to destroy me for my take on getting rid of Kickers.


Absolutely ridiculous. But. yeah, it's the one And, only the Yinzer himself. McAfee. Haha. We. Got 'em. We've been waiting for this one for a long time. Love Pat, man. I mean probably most legendary media person out there right now, Dude. So good. Just ridiculously talented. I. Cannot wait to talk to him about this last one. This one in Eugene, Oregon. Over this past weekend. He got everybody to start cheering, singing along to shout And. Oh my fucking gosh. Was it amazing? I I literally started singing along ERs. I was watching the video got goosebumps. It was like, man, That had to be fucking rocking over. He's killing it on Game. He makes shit fun, man. It's so fucking cool watching movie.


No Matter what he does. You're having Fun. Exactly. Before I Get crushed by probably the most legendary kicker to play the game at this point. Let's Get a little bit of That. New news. New news. All right. Are you smarter than a celebrity premier? That's s Right Travis's brand new show. Yeah. Are you smarter than a celebrity? Debuts today, October 16th on Prime video. Oh shit. It's today. It's today. Fuck Well tomorrow. But today I'm terrified. Terrified. What? People are gonna say it ERs I had so much fucking fun doing. Are you? Are you smarter? Yeah. You were telling me about this. There's a lot of good, So much fun, man.


So The thing I didn't under I thought. So the celebrities aren't the contestants, right? No. right. But they do play along the, because The contestants on the show. Ryan Fitzpatrick, Nicole Byer, Chad Ojo. Cinco. Yep. Natasha. Natasha. Natasha. Leggero. Leggero. Thank for saying That Already Know Garel. There's A whole bunch. They're not the contestants, they're the ones. That are assisting the contestants with the answers, right? Like it's the old, are you smarter than a fifth grader? They're one answering The question. Yeah, they're Playing a lot. Playing along. Contestants have to decide whether they're going with That answer or whether they're doing their own answer, Whatever. In some, there are a few twists to this game. And I do a great job of describing it in the episodes. So you just gotta, yeah, you turn That thing on, you'll, you'll Get caught up to all the rules.


And regulations, That, we got going on with the celebrities. And, how the celebrities can help you out. Amazon did actually send us a couple clips from the show. Oh yeah. There's one where you learn what? A BBL ERs. Oh yeah. Don. Don't know if I know what a BL ERs the Brazilian butt lift. Ah, Bbl. L Okay. Oh Yeah. So let's check out this clip. My man Fitzy. If I lose my glutes, I'll just go Get one of those. You know you're Playing for $100,000. Ooh, Kelsey I do I do if, if you win That money, what are you gonna do with it? You really wanna know Kelsey Of course. I do. Who doesn't wanna know? Hey?


Hi, I'm Going. Oh, A BL Kelsey Okay Okay. He's trying to drag a wagon. What many Of you guys I didn't, I didn't hear her say That one Okay. Can you tell the audience what? A BBL ERs BB. You know what? A BBL ERs a bigger butt. Oh, a bigger butt. What's the elk? What? It's a BLA Brazilian butt lift. No, the BBL I did not know. That's what That was called. Thank you Well. She gets me. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, there you go. The old Brazilian. But Lift I. Know I know where to go. If I lose my glutes. Coach Reed starts seeing, seeing these glutes getting a little saggy. I'll just go, Get a bbl.


L And. Lift these things up, Dude. I ain't go. All you gotta do ERs do some R dls. Just Get a little bit of Get, some squats in Get Them glutes. You see it? All the girls are doing it on the Instagram. She said, I'm trying to drag a wagon. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a fan of the BBLs. Not a fan of the BBLs. Don't Be Listen man. Somebody, it Looks Okay. It looks Okay for like a couple of ERs maybe. But then That thing just starts sagging. It looks like you got a diaper on the backside of you. It's not a good look. It doesn't happen like That all the time. Yes it does, bro. Doesn't, I'm not a fan of the BBL, right? I'm not on The bbl Alright. I'm trying to give everyone to benefit the doubt. Just do some GL bridges.


I, Don, Get. Don't think The worst I can. You can build the wagon naturally. You don't need the synthetics unless you got Kelsey Jeans. But then you got a big fucking like stiff ass back there. Yeah, you got a big hard ass. But when you're not clenching it, it's still, it's still got some, some juice. Don don't know. I'm not a, yeah, I'm not a fan of 'em. Me neither. It just Doesn't have the right shape. It just looks bad when your hamstrings don't match. When the hamstrings don't match your ass, it doesn't look good. I'm just being like, it's not a, you can't just add to the ass. Then gotta Gotta, your ham's gotta go In. You got weak ERs. Hammies. Right. That ain't Right. Small calfs. Small hamstring in a wagon. We can't do this. You got bad circulation where all your fat deposits are just accumulating in your ass.


This seems like this ERs an unhealthy thing. All right, Well. There you go. Kids outside of learning what a BBL was, it was a fun show. And. I never, never in a million ERs thought I was ever going to ever be an actual host of a game show. I always thought it was gonna be fun to like maybe go on one of the game shows. Yeah, And. Then somebody asked me, do you want to host it? I was like, I mean I. Guess I used to like mimic all the game show hosts. ERs a kid like just fucking around. And. I Love I. Love the game shows for sure. We used To watch the Game Show Network all the time. Family Fuse, Steve, Harvey We used to, we used to hit all That stuff. All the We were a game show Network. I still do The game shows Family I still like game shows.


Well. Then you might like this one. Jason I. Actually, I was asked how, how Well my family would do on the show. And, I. And. I was like, man, you know what I think you And. Big Ed would be pretty solid. Dad would be good. Dad knows a lot of useless knowledge. He's gonna spend a lot of time in front of the computer, not really going anywhere with them knees. Yeah, he, he remembers stories. Very Well. I'm not I I'll, I'll blank on it. And, I'll confuse it with something else. In a, in a heartbeat. If you let Big Ed be a celebrity, And eat Buffalo wings while he ERs playing, he might not miss a question. He might Get every single one of 'em. If you give Ed, He's gotta deal with him chewing A Hanes white tea. And Sweating some box.


You Get some. Yeah. You Get What? That You? Get That Slope. That's why. Why equals mx? Plus B Hold Winston Churchill wins. That's Winston I. You probably wouldn't have said That, but Who knows. Well. It sounds like my Wednesdays are gonna be very full. Yeah. Play along. Play along. And. Let me know how how good you do. What Time? What time does this Premiere at I? Have no idea what time it streams. I'm pretty sure Well I know it's streams. But usually there's like, when it's a debut, it doesn't have a time or ERs it just a day. It's just the day. Yeah. All right. So I can watch it immediately so it doesn't interfere with the Grotesquery at night.


There you go. All Right. There you go. Perfect. If you're not just sick of fucking seeing me on the tv, Oh dude. I can't wait. Please tell, tell me how Well you do. Because I was actually, I was kind of like quizzing myself going through the questions in the back. Just making sure I would read 'em once. Just so That I'd because I'm a terrible reader. So I would make sure I would Get all the pronunciations. Don like corrected in the background. But. yeah. I would love to see how Well you do. Should we do it? We'll, just Get. Can we Get the video from Prime And? Then I'll just do it. And. I. Answer 'em. Boom. Boom. See how it happens. Do it live. Yeah. Or just tell me Call Alright. I'll tell you. I'll tell you Nice. Yeah. So make sure you guys check That thing out on Amazon.


I Believe. Yeah. Amazon Prime Alright.


right. New Wondery Plus exclusive. This Thursday And in more new news. Our next Onery Plus exclusive will be And. Like I said, available Thursday. We both watched the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. We did. Yeah. It's happened. It was an electric movie. I'll tell you what, had me glued to the screen the whole time. Our first meeting of the new Heights Film Club And. We're going to give you guys our review. Make sure you tune in to find out whether Jason was right to judge the movie or it's title, or if he was actually like pleasantly surprised by the movie. Who knows? Yeah. You won't wanna miss this And. Make sure That, if you wanna be a part of the film club with us, sign up for Onery Plus. You'll Get an early access of episodes without interruptions. And, we're still giving you three free months of Onery Plus Onery Plus offer ERs only available For limited time. So Get on it. Visit Wondery dot com slash New Heights offered to redeem


I. Don't think it did match the title I mean? Yeah, it did. The pants really aren't a big part of the movie to me. What The pants are like the bringing them into a lot of their like Well. We don't want to Get too much of this review. We're gonna Save it. Yeah. But pants, it definitely had something to do with the movie. It Had nothing to do with it. It tied all the girls together. Jason. Yeah, you're right. Their in childhood childhood And friendship. No, their Entire lives. It's not enough. We need pants. We'll talk about it in the one Plus though. It shouldn't even Be. It should be the like, they weren't even, they, they acted like they were jeans. They couldn't have like the whole movie's premise ERs. Like, these girls are amazed because it's the first pair of jeggings they tried on And. There's some spandex to 'em.


We You're Giving it away. Jason. You're giving your review. Sisterhood Of the Traveling Jagging. That's what it should have been called. Yeah. Outta the House.


Moving on. We both got out of the house this past week. And, we're gonna talk about it outta the house. ERs brought to you by the powerful backing of American Express.


I. Tailgated at the Link And then went up to East Rutherford, New Jersey. Where I Tailgated with Buffalo Bills. And, New Jersey Jets fans, New York Jets fans. Trav, you had a bye this week. That ERs. And. There's a small chance That. We also saw you outta the house. Yeah. No, you saw me at the, the Guards in Gangs game. Well. We saw You before. That too. ERs courtesy of this picture right here. We saw you going out to eat. It looked like maybe you guys are out in New York City. You And Tay. That's what We do. We like to go out. And. And eat. Yes. Yeah. I mean who does it? Why wouldn't you? What in the world was the shirt though? We gotta show this. I Don. I have no idea.


I. Think it's just art. I. Think it's just people And. Then there's a horse I. Don't know What's underneath That horse. I'm not sure. I didn't, I didn't really look at this shirt like That. When I got it. I just like the color And the patterns. And stuff. It looks like a hand. Yeah. You can't really see. See, ITing finger I mean it looks like a pointing finger. Like That. It's kind of cropped funny. But That I mean on this picture. It kind of appears like it's a horse scout. That'd be crazy if I was wearing a horse cock wearing a horse Scout Shirt. That's crazy. Yeah, you, that's why you always gotta, you always gotta really, you know, you gotta make sure you know what you're wearing kids or you're just, everybody can just assume now.


Oh. Oh gosh. Well, we do know what you were wearing. 'cause British GQ did a whole breakdown on the shirt. Oh, Nice. Thanks British. gq. Yes. What'd They say? In New York City? The American Football player wore a navy bowling shirt with a camp collar design And. A boxy fit released ERs part of Ja Cuomo's latest Laa la Casa line. It's a signature move from the French label. Flowy. Fun And. More vibrant Meci, then minimalist Paris. It's a fancy way of saying it's a button down with horses And people fucking on it.


People fucking I mean. Look at That. That's What you got outta That. Look at these two people right here. You're ridiculous. Jason That woman ERs riding That, man. They're, They're, she's str next to each other. No, they're not. No, No, no. Not That one. The one right below it. You can't even see That guy's legs. They're still, they're sitting next to each other. No, no, no. He's underneath. You're making an are underneath. There's nothing saying That That. They're having sex Well. What are Her tits out for? If they're not having sex, Travis, She could just be wearing a very tight shirt. That shows her her tits. She's got a BL on the backside of That. I mean What's happening on this shirt? No, those hams are, those hamstrings are very You Right. The hamstrings match it. You're Right You're right.


You're, you're ridiculous. The fact That That got you fired up ERs ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. Trav, we also saw you at the Guardians Yankees game while you hit New York. You also caught Guardian Yankees. A LCS game. Yeah. Game one Baby playoff Baseball. What ERs it about playing off baseball? That's so electric. Gosh, I think it's just the, the intensity. You know, you play all those what ERs it? A hundred And 82 games, you know, for these moments. And. Then every single pitch matters. Every single pitch matters. A few got away from our, our first reliever there, unfortunately. And And. Sure enough, we just weren't able to, to bounce back from the Yankees Power, man.


It's, yeah. I'll tell you what, man. When Stanton And Soto, when they Get ahold of one man, ho shit. That Ball flies off the Batman. It ERs impressive. It ERs impressive. Shit. My guy, judge ERs, he's s right there on having a huge game. And I mean the whole time. I'm just, I'm screaming. I'm, I'm, I'm in hostile territory. 'cause it's the Bronx Bombers And. I'm, I'm at the Yankee Stadium in the playoffs. And. Yeah. I'm over here cheering for the guards. 'cause I'm a Cleveland kid. And. I. Wanna see Cleveland win a fucking World Series And? Yeah. It was mixed feelings because I was there trying to have some fun with Tay And. Everybody, all, all our friends. Eli And. Chelsea came.


Leko. And Enum came. Oh, Nice. We had a unbelievable crew with us And hanging with us And. You know, it was, it was fun. It was fun. Even though the guards couldn't pull it off, it was still an exciting, exciting game. And, it was cool to see Yankee Stadium. 'cause I've always wanted to see That thing in person, in a playoff game, in a hostile environment. And, it didn't disappoint, man. The Yankees, the, the fans, the players, everybody involved. Man, it was awesome. There ERs something about playoff baseball. That, And, I love regular baseball. Anytime you go down in the ballpark. you kidding? A hot Dog. And a beer. You're having some fun. Oh, yeah. But playoff baseball, it's like almost the history of it. You just Get swept up in like the moment.


It's one of the most iconic I will say I. Don't think it's ERs good ERs. Playoff hockey Don don't know That anything competes playoff hockey now. But Playoff baseball's pretty dang good. I feel like I feel like it. It does because Okay, you, you can Get the p you know the player's stories a little bit more. Yeah. And. Not to say That Hockey doesn't do a great job of That, but you just don't see, you know, hockey players wanting to put themselves out there for everybody to Get to know 'em. It just ERs what it ERs. It's just not kind of the culture of the, of the league. Don don't think. Yeah. I think that's probably fair. I think it's, yeah. I. I. Do think that's part of the culture. Part of it's, you know, it's just not ERs popular of a sport. ERs ERs baseball. Yeah. They're wearing, you know, the helmets And stuff. So you see 'em, eh, I. Think of the open face mask.


Most of them. Yeah. I. Think you're right. right? Think a lot of it does come down to the hockey culture. I Just feel like I'm more invested in every single player. Like, if, if the Yankees play the Dodgers, you know, little New York versus the old Brooklyn Dodgers. You're Right. It's, it's a sport that's ruled by the, by the, the star power. It's a star power driven league. You put a guy like Sh Shhe Tani, yeah. In New York. Dude. And, And. You like I want to see how he reacts to, you know. Yeah. A hostile environment like That I. Think that's exciting for me to see ERs A ERs a player. So every single time I see him up at bat, I'm gonna be glued into every single pitch. It's hard to find That in any other sport, you know, let alone in the playoffs.


I think it's also, we just grew up in the nineties with the Indians And. We just loved baseball so much because they were so good. How many World Series or playoff games? That. We go to I I know you went to the one World Series game You did. I only went to the, You went to the Allstar. That's s right. I Went to the I, went to the Allstar. You went to the World Series. That. Right. I. Just remember going to, just taking the rabbit downtown And going to games for like a $5, $10 ticket. Or if a friend had an extra ticket for me, yeah. We would all just jump on the rapid And go downtown. Yeah. Mom And Dad didn't have many tickets bought. We usually were, It was either through moms, we were tags. Mom's work, or We were tag alongs with somebody else. The sailors Had season tickets. That. They would split up with a couple other people.


So every once a while go with Brandon. We did go to the one playoff game together because mom always tells a story about how We fell asleep in like the fourth inning or something. Like That And. We were like fast asleep because it was a late game. No way. I gotta text mom right now. No, I. Just, there's no way I ever have fell asleep at a, at a tribe game. Mom tells this story. Don. Don't think We were Kids. We were Maybe You were asleep. We were, we were like very young. We were both asleep. I promise you. Maybe, maybe if we went to the game, And I really didn't know what was going on. But every game That, I went to I was, I was the biggest like fiend for sports ever. If I ever went to a ball game or a, like a basketball game or anything like That, like I was so glued.


Travis, Nobody ERs nobody. Nobody ERs attacking your fandom. You're crazy if you think That I was asleep during one of these games. It Doesn't matter how big a fan you're, when you're a child. I Used to literally beg mom, And dad to buy the the $20 roster book. So That I could actually keep score of the game. Which means I'm watching every single pitch. Nobody ERs at all. And. I'm telling you. I Don. Shane That. You weren't a big fan. I. Think she's just saying That. You fell asleep. I was, I was paying attention to every single, right. Every Single day. Right, Well mom will text me back, hopefully if the hurricane didn't ruin her phone. I think That you. The thing ERs like my kids. Bluey ERs like crack to them.


They won't, they won't be glued to Bluey, but they're still children. And, eventually That Brain's gonna shut it down. And. They're just gonna fall asleep. I don't know what to tell you. I never fell asleep at a game. Alright. Right? I'll text Ed too. Dad was there. But. yeah. Shout out to my, shout out to my guys. That I actually know on the Yanks Rizzo big judge. If I'm missing somebody, I'm an idiot. But those guys are Hall of Fame. Just people man. Just Hall. Like they're some of my favorite guys to be around When I do Get a chance to hang out with them. Saw some Saturday Night Live two ERs ago. I believe with him. And. It's just cool seeing him. Seeing him chase it. Chase the ring. Even though I want my guards to find a way to Get 'em. Man, God Man.


Come on baby. Come On baby. This ERs a tough place to play though, brother I text Dad. Did Travis And I ever fall asleep in an Indians game? He said, no. I. Did I mean dad? Yeah. He's like us. That's where We Get our sleeping from. He could fall asleep in a fucking rock concert. Does Not matter. We had some Cleveland sports So we were getting into. You went to the guards game. And I saw a Browns game. Yeah. At the lake. Jason Was tailgating. How about it. Who knew Jason Tailgating? It was the second weekend in a row. You got to do some tailgating out there in a Philly And, Well tailgating in general. I guess Philly ERs the first time in like two weeks, you actually hit two different tailgates.


Let's start with the Eagles game first. How was your second time tailgating at the link? Was it, was it, you know, a little bit more genuine this time, knowing you didn't have all the did I guess you still had cameras following you around. There were cameras following. Yeah, this one, the first one was more like a pre-planned deal. This one was kind of like, just show up And. Like try And. Experience it. But it turned into chaos. Yeah, it was a blast, man. It was. Did The Carmichael jersey on baby? Yeah. Baby. Shout out to Harold. Are you a Jersey guy now? I am. Especially the throwbacks dude. I got my guy. We're gonna talk about the, the Bills Jets game in a second. I got a great jersey from That one, but it was awesome. Rock And. Harold Carmichael used to. Dude, Harold used to be the director of player development.


That was his role at the Eagles when I first got here. So got to spend a lot of time with him. He was instrumental in helping a lot of young players. And the rookies out, getting acclimated new people to the city. Just an awesome personality. So it was really cool to wear his jersey And. It was awesome to go tailgate. I mean. Listen. Got to hold up a baby. You see this picture right here? Yeah. Like, you know How about each How about, No way. That's actually the words. That's not it. Ha. How about It.


Think those are the words. I also witnessed somebody Get engaged in front of me. That was not planned, at least on my behalf. That came out of nowhere. Oh Shit. Brian Dawkins got married. Brian Dawkins proposed to this one. Lovely lady. And Do. Were there any Philadelphia delicacies? That. You got into like alligator. Yeah. Alligator was not on the menu this week, but there were cheese steaks. Everybody's got sausage. One of the guys had this jerk chicken set up on this charcoal like tailgate. It was probably a grill specifically for tailgate. I had never seen it though. It was dope just sitting on the ground. Lemme tell you, these chicken thighs pretty damn good.


I had my first time. I had I. Had jerk beef. Jerk beef. I've never heard of jerk beef. Who's doing jerk beef? Nevermind. I. Don't even know if it was That. It was a jerk pasta. It was a jerk pasta with beef in it. I mean You could do jerk anything. Probably. It's just the jerk seasoning. Yeah. I've just never had, I've only ever had jerk chicken. Maybe pork And. Lastly, there was an insane video going around of you chugging a beer. Yeah. The focus wasn't ERs much on you ERs. It was on the camera. Man next to you. Oh my God. And this ERs why you shouldn't go on top of trailers. Kids. I will say, this woman was up there already. And. She offered to go up there again. I was like, yeah, I'm not gonna turn down the opportunity to go up on a trailer.


I've never been on top of a trailer. Almost felt like, you know what it reminded me of? I felt like I was in Tremors. I felt like I was like one of the guys in Tremors up on the bus. You remember That scene? The the worm things. That were tunnel on The ground. Go through the desert. Yeah. And. They would Get up on top of vehicles. And stuff. So they weren't touching the ground. And then would start popping the tires. Yeah. Don. Don't know. I got an insane flashback. The moment I got up there. My guy, I don't know how he got up there. This ladder was like, I was nervous going up myself. Like very old. Like, did not look like it was adhered. Very Well. And. Somehow th this guy climbed up there with a camera. I mean it was impressive. That. He's up there to begin with.


Yeah. Didn't know there was a skylight there. Stepped broke right through the window in the, in the roof. Luckily he's good. He's Okay. Camera fell down. I thought it was Don. Donezo. Donezo. He Ran down there fast. Picked it up, started recording, worked perfectly fine. I don't know how. What? That's how durable those things are. I don't think That. They're suppo. They are. But somehow That thing must have fell just right. It was insane. That's, That's like a 10, 12 foot drop Right there. Yeah. That's like a $200,000 piece of equipment right there. That camera. That. Okay. I would assumes That thing. ERs expensive. Were you like shooting a dock? Was That your camera was That your guy. They're helping with another thing we're doing with ESPN, That I.


Think we're waiting to kind of unleash That Nice. They Were there shooting with That. They're really with NFL films ERs who they're with. But they camera dropped kind of I. Thought it was gone. For sure ho. Luckily I knew he was all right with the way he got up. And. Then he just kept up And kept recording this. ERs a trooper. Honestly, this ERs why you chug people. This good things happen when you chug. You Get. Good content. Well. Now I'm two for two now. And, Helix. Tailgates. My man. Dunphy almost tore his ACL. The last one. Yeah. Dunphy did. Yeah. And. Luckily he's Okay. Well doesn't need surgery. And. Now this I. Might I mean I. Don't know. Maybe I'm cursed. Yeah, I. Hope not. If you see Jason chugging, don't move.


Yeah. So this was awesome. It was a, it was a fun time, fun event. Being out there with the Eagles fans. A little weird seeing Browns fans. And I. I was Rib 'em. But obviously being from Cleveland, I still love the Browns in particular. There's this one Tent dude's were awesome there from St. Ignatius. Really happy to be there. So it was cool seeing some brownies in in attendance. Some fellow believe lenders. This ERs A big game. It was a big game. Week Six. It's not divisional, but both of the teams needed to win bad. Like Cleveland ERs in a bad spot right now. And I mean honestly. We're being real honest. They're a bad Football team. I mean it was I came away watching That game thinking Cleveland's worse than anything else.


Like That offense just cannot Get it. Figured out. Right. Now I think it was a, it was a rough go around for both teams because We heard some sirianni chance, but we'll, Get to That later. Let's, let's talk a little bit of Monday Night. Football countdown. Little Monday Night Countdown with ESPN send you to the Bills Jets game in the Meadowlands And. You were reunited with your people Bills mafia. Dude, you started, yeah. You started things off. Once again. Drinking out of a bowling ball got That one back in. You liked That one so much except this time we actually know what was in it. Yeah, it was Gatorade. If Pit Round offers me a shot out of a bowling ball, I'm not gonna turn down pit round. I'm not doing it. Why? W why Blue Gatorade?


Because I'm not supposed to drink when I'm on Monday. Night Countdown. It's one of the caveats of working for SPN. They don't like you to be seen drinking alcohol or even drinking alcohol before they put you on live television. That's Fair. Unless you're Pat McAfee. Then you Get away with whatever you want. Well, when you're the greatest, you Get different. Yeah, you Get treated differently. It ERs what it ERs. Well. Yeah. Pet's a man. So what I'm wearing right there ERs a hat from the Water. Buffalo Club. 7 1 6 And. They have a Grand poah. What the A Grand poah And. That's what the Fred Flu Flintstone outfit ERs And. They anointed me. That. Which ERs basically, I'm king of the tailgate for the day. I'm king of Bill's Mafia. Oh, Nice. Which Nice felt A little weird getting while I wore this jersey in honor of a legendary defensive lineman who recently, unfortunately passed away this week.


Abdul Salam. That's s right. The last member of the New York Sack Exchange. Not in the ring of honor for the New York Jets, but known ERs. The Soldier of Peace. But. yeah. We were, we were having a lot of fun out there in the tailgate. Bills mafia. It doesn't matter where they're at. They're having fun. Fellow Midwesterners, obviously there's a kinship. Buffalo's Midlands With anybody. That Well. I I. Consider anybody. That ERs resides. It's new. It's New York. There's no way. You're right. If you're on the lake, you all those cities just good people. They think the same. They all just want to have fun. And. It's a great time being out there with the Buffalo Bills mafia. The Jets fans were awesome too.


Jets fans were fun. When I watched you last year playing the Jets, the Bills mafia ERs more of a production. Like they have a lot more going on. There's like people That, travel And. Obviously there's a away game for them. So those fans have like their their their, they're like rituals That. They're going to with everything. Yeah. Whereas like the Jets fans, it was like, oh yeah, I used to be a firefight. I'd nod just go tailgate to the games. Like it was, you know, a lot of That Nice. Which kind of appreciated too. For sure. You got a hard Hat. Dude. This ERs one of the baddest hat like I. Gotta say, Dude, this ERs pretty cool. You're like, you're like getting like, I'm Just like using it to Get Knickknacks. Yeah. This ERs ERs awesome ERs. Sweet I man. Hook me up.


Ho ho. You're gonna be a hoarder. Before you know it, people are gonna be giving you everything. That's good shit right there. And. Then you, you had a wardrobe change after you went tailgating though. Jason I did I. You actually, you actually put on a fucking suit. Suit. Suit. And suit. Tie Suit. And tie. Yeah. How about It. I. Think the suit's. Nice. I. Think That. That's one. There's a reason why people have worn suits for a long time. So getting up there with a tie. This one obviously fit color scheme wise with the game. But man Ryan Clark was in the Jets suit colors. This one, I had this color already in my closet. Electric blue And. I'm like, man, I don't know when I'm ever gonna wear this. Like very blue. Blue. Like Don don't know when that's gonna happen. I was like, you know what I think this might be the perfect week, dude.


You definitely, if New York Jets I could see I could see you playing for the bills, I would've fit in. Really? Well. Yeah. I mean Ryan, Fitz, pa. Anybody with a beard ERs gonna fit in Well with the beard, with the bills, right? Yeah. Man, you fucking snapping it to Josh Allen would've been fucking dangerous. God Dammit. Snapping into Ryan Fitzpatrick. Ooh. Fitz Magic s Right. Bill's. Bills ERs a sound. That appreciates their offensive line Too much like Cleveland. Much like Philadelphia. The Bills like my man Eric Wood, he's been up there. He, he's like, calls the games for Bills radio And stuff like That still You would, yeah, It's a town. That definitely appreciates the big guys up front. So it's, it's an offensive line. Haven town. I. Get it Well.


Where'd you Get this? This Buffalo. Buffalo wing necklace. So Theresa was the one giving out the Grand Puba Tire And. There was another woman, I don't remember her name, but she had the buffalo wing necklace for me. Which ERs my kind of jewelry. I Well, I've, I've got a few of those things. Doing hot ones. Mm. Once or twice.


And That does it for out the house. Brought to you by the powerful backing of American Express


Hey. All right, now let's talk about our next sponsor. Mint Mobil. And. It looks like We actually have a message here from our guy Ryan Reynolds himself. Yes. Should we play it Jason? Yeah, please. Brandon Get on it. This ERs hilarious Hey. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. If you could hear my voice, it means That. You're most likely a Football fan or a 30 something year old woman. This podcast has some insane crossover appeal. That, I'm not totally sure I understand, but I think it's great. ERs a fan of Football I love watching a player run so whole hundred And. 10 yards of the field scoring a touchdown in the 20 yard. Deep ND zone ERs all 12 players in the field. Celebrate. Hold on. My producer's trying to Get my attention. What? That's rugby Okay. Apparently this podcast ERs about American Football, not the superior sport of Canadian Football. Now That, all my sports talking points are moot. There's no better, no better time to let you know. That Mint mobile ERs offering their unlimited wireless for $15 a month. I I. So switch to Mint mobile Pay Right now. Deal with Football. Absolute pandemonium right now. So year old women can also all root for Head to mint mobile.com/new Heights to learn more. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes. And Feess. Extra speed. Slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited. That's Just so good. That was awesome. Good man. He ERs literally the greatest. That was pretty sweet though. How about That. That was awesome. We got a little, we Get a little. Blake Lively. We personalize a little ad there. Yeah. Got That was awesome. Blake Lively in the bonus video. And. Then We got Ryan And. The ads I mean. What else you getting your ass for? To Get this new custom offer, And your new three months unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month. Go to mint mobile.com/new Heights. That's mint mobile.com/new Heights.


We're excited to talk about our spots. PELOTON Trav, did you know I'm a big PELOTON guy? Especially the PELOTON. Tread I. Think I did know this. And. Apparently I'm in great company because JJ Watt And TJ Watt might be the PELOTON guys after seeing these outputs they posted. Did you see what JJ tweeted? These outputs are are outrageous. This ERs insane. He averaged 27.5 miles per hour. His quads are ERs big ERs. Me ERs an entire human. So what Are the watts made of? And? tj And. TJ beat him. TJ beat him. TJ was seven so he was eight. And. Somehow TJ got seven. This ERs especially for how big they are. Don don't even know how this ERs possible. They're big dudes. Yeah, no I'm like, That's usually this ERs like skinny guys with big old quads. s. Right? Well. Eighth place out of 54,000 people. And 500 And 53 output on a 20 minute ride. Yeah, I'll, I'll say That. That's electric And Of course. JJ Watt ERs still mad. There were seven people who finished ahead of him. Absolutely ridiculous ERs. We just said one of those seven people was TJ Watt who came in seventh place, which ERs even more. This happened in season. TJ Watts ERs casually the best bicycle rider in the middle of NFL season. What the hell can these guys not do? This ERs mind blowing to me. This dude just went out, got three sacks, And, hopped on the PELOTON. And, put out That type of performance. I don't know how we're supposed to compete with this. How anybody's supposed to compete with This Well. One thing for certain PELOTON ERs a perfect place for some good old fasted sibling rivalry. That's s right between the two of us. And the Watts We might just have to find out for real. Who's taking That top spot on the leaderboard? Find your push. Find your power with PELOTON at one PELOTON dot com.


New Heights ERs brought to you today by Lowe's Football season ERs in full swing And. I'm back at the Lowe's home team for my fourth straight year. And Lowe's ERs helping you make the right calls so you can be the MVP of all your home improvement projects. Plus, nothing says MVP. Quite like the Lowe's app. That's s right. You can make game time decisions in store or online with the click of a button. And. You can order online by 2:00 PM when time isn't on your side to Get it in the same day. So go ahead And, download the app, explore all their prime time features. And. Add items to your cart with confidence. Now You have more time to do what you love. Like grilling burgers at the tailgate or perfecting your game day chilly for the Football party. Kick off your next project with the Lowe's app And score today. Lowe's ERs an official partner of the NFL same day. Valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only. Subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusives. And. More terms apply. See lows.com/same day delivery for details.


Let's move on to some Football. Yeah, I had a buy this week. So, we have no updates for you for chiefs Football. The Eagles did though play And. It was a win. The Eagles got a dub. Eagles 20 Brown 16 like we were talking about earlier. Jason was out there tailgating before the game. Initial thoughts though on the actual game. Obviously always good when you win. Some good takeaways from the game. Defense played a lot better. No turnovers for the offense in general. Still though I came away from the game. Again, we kinda mentioned this earlier, thinking more about, you know Cleveland probably ERs. ERs a struggling team right now than I did. Thinking That, the Eagles really controlled the game. So I don't think it was like an impressive performance by either team, but That being said, wins a win baby.


I'm taking That all day, All day, every day. And, they improved in some areas. That, they've been struggling. Defense played so much better. And, I. Think offensively. It was sporadic. It felt a little bit disconnected, but at times good And. Then obviously whenever you got AJ Brown back, And healthy. It's not a bad thing. Don't Forget Skinny Batman. You had both AJ And, skinny Batman, Smitty back in the offense, but you guys still haven't scored in the first quarter yet. Yeah, through five games. Zero points in the first quarter of every single game they played so far. Yeah, I think they were driving towards the ND of That first quarter. So it almost happened. But I think, yeah, it, it hasn't been a good start to games. And ERs, you know a lot of starts to games come down to like what you have planned coming in And.


What you think you're gonna see And. I. Think the Eagles. You know I I don't wanna speak for this this year 'cause I don't know ERs much whether that's happening this year. But Jalen has always been a guy that's been schemed differently. 'cause he ERs a different quarterback. Right 100. Yeah, we tend to run different plays. And, different offensive structures. And a lot of other teams do. So I don't know if it's like they're not getting quite what they expect. I think some of it's just bad execution. Like I. I've definitely seen drops. And slow starts from the players. So I think a lot of it ERs just accountability on both sides, right? Players have to be accountable to getting off to a faster start. And being locked in to start the game. And, then I. Think also offensively, you know, getting to stuff. That you feel like ERs maybe you're more of your bread.


And butter. Does That make sense? Like sometimes I think the the early plays nd up being game plan specific plays. Maybe start with plays. That are more just generic part of your offense. Maybe I. Don't know. I'm kind of grasping the straws. It feels like the Eagles are start to Get a little frustrated with it. At least the Eagles players Lane Johnson hit us with the all time quote. We're a Constipated. Offense. That's what it bleeping feels like. Yeah, it's accurate. A Constipated Offense. I mean That. Shit's in there man. Yeah, it's in there. Gotta Get it out. The shit's in there. Just gotta Get That shit out. So gotta Get That, XLA going. Yeah, you already know I Think it's a great definition.


And, you know, go for go figure Lane just can pull That out of his ass. The Constipated Offense great line And. That's what it it. It's exactly what it feels like. It just feels kind of disconnected. Outer rhythm feels like, it's like they have the players they, they make spot plays here, And there, but it doesn't feel like That full onslaught of plays. That go off one another. That you're typically saying, yeah, it's more like guys making plays. Like AJ going up there. And catching a 50 50 ball, which I don't know if there are any 50, 50 balls with AJ Brown. Obviously the run game struggled a little bit, which you know, Cleveland's got some horses up front. They got good players. So shout out to them for showing up. And, my man Jim Schwartz for dialing up a game plan.


They had some plays. That were there. They did, they just watching it back. They had some counters, they had some things drawn up where it's like, man, if That just happens, That thing's, creed, those a early run where like Saquon runs into Landon Dickerson. And like Landon Dickerson makes the tackle, right? And, it's like he's on the single safety, like that's at least a 10 yarder. You know, he breaks one tackle, explosive run. Who knows how big it ERs. Yeah, you Know there's plays to be had. Some of it comes down to executing. Some of it just feels like I. Think That. They're trying to figure things out right now because they've struggled a little bit in recent weeks. Especially missing AJ And. Devonte That, I think will continue to Get better. Obviously having those guys out there this week helped another week of, you know, figuring themselves out.


You know, hopefully this offense keeps going. Starts to find some rhythm. And ERs a little bit less constipated. Yeah, more that'd be Nice more explosive. Well. AJ Brown finished with six receptions for a hundred And 16 yards. And a touchdown Jalen connected with to AJ for the first TD of the game. A 22 yarder. He also caught an electric game ceiling reception. A 40 yard pass with two minutes left to play. It sounds like Cleveland might've went cover zero And. They just said fuck it, we're putting it up. What do you think of this? This play call here late in the game. And also, did Wyatt notice his pink shoes are back? I was not watching with Wyatt, but she probably did. It was not cover zero, it was just straight up cover one with the safeties up.


And or man hole. Hole ERs, what we call it. Double hole. Double hole. Kind of picking crossers. And just making the quarterback throw over top. Which he did, he did beautifully. Great pitch And. Catch by guys. Two guys. That know how to do it the best in the league. Listen, it's AJ Brown, he's gonna come down with these catches like nine times outta 10. He's a beast. He's sw Batman. I. Do think back to the the slow starts. And, maybe game plan specific plays. It felt like a good way to buck That sometimes ERs utilizing Tempo. And I. Think That. They do it sometimes, but it feels like Jalen when they go into these two minute situations. He goes more into like automatic mode. I wouldn't be opposed to them.


Maybe mixing some tempo early in the game. Like here. And there to you know, spark some momentum. And I. Think That. It's worked in the past with him in particular. And, I think ERs an offense. I always liked, you know when you're going tempo you have to call more generic stuff. That goes off of one another. It's like Hey We know We like this versus this We know We like this versus this And. It kind of, you know, because of the tempo nature of it. You can't do all these crazy things now. I like the Kellen's brought more motions, And more interesting things. We still need to do That, but maybe sometimes early on just to like Get in a rhythm. Sometimes using utilizing That helps. So maybe they do That. I don't know. Yeah, it's probably like the coach's coach though.


Yeah, Coaches know best. Yeah, And, they'll keep figuring it out. Sirianni knows what he's doing over there. Devonte Smith also had a big day finished with three catches for 64 yards. It's good to see That dynamic duo in the wide receiver group over there. start to Get back on track. But Nick Ciani, the big things coming outta this game. That, we gotta talk about. Sirianni appears to be chirping back at the Eagles And. I'm not sure if he was necessarily chirping back or if you know I like it was a confrontation or if he was just, you know, trying to Get fired up with him. We don't know what was actually said. At least I don't think so. The fans who Nick Sirianni was yelling at after the Eagles win posted his side of the story context on Reddit.


Nice, he's a Reddit guy. I began to yell in quotes. If your start running back gets you five yards on the F on first down, you give it to him again. Run. Run the ball, run the ball. And I had some more to say but you Get the point. Yeah, it sounds like the Eagles fans coaching in the And. That's what they do. They let the coach know what they think they should do. I mean it's it's fans. Sure the Nick Siri run the ball stuff. You know, Nick turned around. Obviously everybody saw this gestured for him to calm down. And said something to the effect, we will, don't worry, I'm on it. Or actually they didn't see That. So Nick turned around beforehand, gestured to him to calm down, said something to the effect, That, we will.


Don't worry about it. Fast forward the ND of the game came over to us. And said Hey. I told you we'd run it. I told you, admittedly paraphrasing, I had indulged quite a bit. The point ERs I was it was not unwarranted nor did I see it ERs aggressive. Don don't know. There's a way for us to verify if this fan was indeed the fan. That. Nick was yelling at this ERs a Reddit post which ERs far from a verified source. But it ERs intriguing because I think That would lead you to believe That. This maybe not be ERs big of a deal ERs. Everybody's saying it ERs And. It probably isn't. Regardless, I think Nick And, his presser announced, you know, we thrive off of the crowd. They cheer for us.


And, the the, the team had been trying to Get him back to being the like emotional leader. That. He ERs And obviously he commented on Monday. You know, I was trying to bring the energy enthusiasm, all That, I'm sorry, disappointed in the way I directed it at the ND of the game. My energy should be all in on coaching, motivating, celebrating our guys so he knows That listen, it's a lose lose operation when you start going back And forth with fans. It's tough. It's never gonna be seen Right. It only empowers people to talk more trash because they know they're getting to you. And, we talked about this with Joey Bosa. Joey Bosa at the link, Phish on Fish on.


We got like, you can't do it, it's just not gonna help. But And people, I've seen this 'cause I said this on Monday night. Like people are like, oh you're defending Nick. I'm not defending him. I think this ERs he shouldn't be doing this. Like I. Don't think That. That's s right. But at the same time, I will defend him. And like he needs to be emotional. He needs to be passionate. That's when he's a better coach. And, he knows That. And. The team knows That. Yeah, And I. Think That directing it in the right way. ERs what We wanna see And I. Think That for the majority of the game. That's what you saw. You saw Nick fired up. The team needed That, they needed to win this game. He knows what's on the line. And, it's getting the sense of urgency ERs high right now in Philadelphia. So yeah, not good to be directing it in this way.


Nick knows That. That's clear. Hopefully he can continue to bring the passion, And the energy in more productive ways. That won't have a bunch of people on TV shouting about stuff. Yeah, that'd be great. Well. I. Feel like you. You just gave us your final thoughts. So Yeah, that's about it. You know I, think That. It was still an underperformance by the Eagles. They still got a lot t work on, but the good thing ERs ERs week four or week, sorry, good thing. ERs ERs week six ERs That, right? Week seven. Week seven, game six, week Seven. God damn, this thing ERs flying by. Yeah, it's wow. Yeah And. The Eagles are gonna take the Subway over to the New York or New Jersey. I should say we Got the Giants ERs. We giants haven't been looking. That bad. Yeah, Saquon haven't Been looking.


That great. Haven't been to the metal lands baby Haven't been looking great on offense, but their defense ERs looking dang good. So it'll be a fun game. We did Have one voice of reason, maybe an unlikely voice of reason from our guy. Dumpy Eagles are literally a wide open two yard Saquon Barkley catch away from being four in one while missing AJ Brown for three weeks. And the lone loss being when AJ Brown, Smitty, And, lane Johnson, were all out Right. It's a Reasonable take. Dumpy God damn dump. That's a good right fucking take a Levelheaded Philly fanatic tattoo around your belly button. Take right there. You don't always Get That out Out of those kind of Philly Fans. Those those die hards, sometimes those Die sometimes.


Just pour on them. Alright, right? Week six recap. Not the best week for Football last week. Great week for Football. So the offenses reinvigorate around the league this week. Got back to a little bit of sloppiness. The big news break That we have following the week ERs, Devonte Adams ERs now a jet Jets coming off of their lost Monday night Football to the bills. Short-lived amount of agony jets. Jake I mean jumping for joy. This ERs this should expand the offense. Obviously Garrett Wilson Lizard should. Yeah, no, trust me, it's gonna add another dynamic. Every Time, anytime any offense or anytime any Hall of fame quarterback gets this kind of receiver or gets his like legendary receiver That, he has been always on the same page with Gets him back.


Yeah, no That, this offense ERs going to be a lot better And. It just ERs what it ERs. Yeah, absolutely. The offense looked reinvigorated too with Todd Downing calling plays yesterday. It just felt like it was, they were moving The ball, man. Yeah, man, they were moving the ball, man. That fucking, they were Handing it off. Back to the fan. That. Nick got into it. Run the ball, coach. Run the ball. That's a good point. Other news cowboys home losing streak. Now at three, they've lost three in a row. They didn't lose a single regular season home game last year. I. Don't think that's crazy. They, they've lost three this season after getting blown out. Blown out. It wasn't just a loss this week either, man. It was Detroit Ugly On Jerry Jones birthday. Happy birthday. Jerry almost got a 50 burger from the Detroit Lions, Which when they were, they were, yeah, they were fucking around.


I'm not gonna lie. They were throwing hooking laterals to offensive linemen. They were throwing offensive linemen out outside the numbers. Like, like they were doing running rounds. Receiver Screen. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Dan Skipper eligible. Yeah. It was, it was interesting. But I I don't think anybody can really point a finger on what exactly ERs wrong with the Cowboys. It just doesn't look like they're playing very Well together. You know? Yeah. They've struggled to stop the run all year round. And I. Just think the games of the defense has really struggled, has been like the Ravens Detroit Shocker. Both those teams. Really Good. Run the fuck outta the ball. Yeah. Going down Them down mount right at you. They, they've gotten it felt like they were getting better And.


You know, Detroit ERs just so good at it. And. They've been asserting their will all season long. And. Then Jared Goff hits it behind you. I mean it's, it's Ben Johnson. The guys That they have in Detroit. It's an impressive, impressive unit on their offensive side of the ball. And defensive. But obviously we saw Aiden Hutson go up down with a very graphic injury, almost like an MMA style. Hopefully he's all Right he'll Get back. Great dude. Eventually when he gets healthy, great player. That shit sucks, man. That sucks for the game of Football, man. And, obviously, it sucks for him. And his family, man. Nobody likes to see an injury, let alone one like That And. Hopefully he gets, he gets right back to full strength ERs, fast ERs possible knowing how amazing of a player he ERs.


But shout out to the Hutchinson fan, man. Hopefully Dallas can Get back to full strength. Michael Parsons. They need some of their guys back. It'll be interesting to see how the NFCE shakes out. It's Washington's been doing a hell of a job. I know they lost this week to the I mean the monster that's over there in Baltimore. But, you know, they've been trending good. It's wide open right now in the nfcs. Other results from across the league. Ra Texans 41 Patriots. 21 Texans come out on top. Texas has started. They, they kind of, they've been winning games. It's honestly reminds me a little bit of you guys where they just find a way to Get it. Don at the nd of games. The CJ Stroud And Company. Yeah. Especially with Drake. May getting his debut with the Patriots man, putting up 21 points there go.


Not a bad day for a debut. Yeah. Packers, Cardinals, Packers run away with That. One. The, the, the most interesting game to me, though, ERs That Ravens Commander's Game I. Really wanted to see how the young guy handled the pressure of, of going up against a Ravens defense. 'cause they, they fly around. They're smart, they're Well coached. They just great. Yeah. They always have a knack for, for getting around the Football. And. They made, they didn't make it easy on the young guy, man. Well. He played all right, right Thought. Actually, Jayden played Well the thing. That, they really struggled. They've been great at running the ball all season long. The Ravens took That away. And it made it like Hey. You're gonna have to beat us. And. He still played Well. He had him And Terry McClure. They're building a hell of a connection. McClure had a couple catches where I'm like, how the fuck scary, Fuck did this dude just catch this ball?


It Was scary. Terry. Unbelievable. It's like he pulls out one of those every fucking game. Now, dude, Well the, the Bucks put up a 50 burger on the Saints, man. Yes, they did. Buck's offense, man. That's another one. When they're running the fucking Football. Good luck. It ERs gonna make Bakkers Day so much easier if he can just Get some good play. Action And really Get everybody to, to declare what they're doing here. And, Get. I got Mike Evans in a fucking one-on-one situation. I mean. That's, Dude, you go look at their offense quietly. I mean besides maybe the Denver game. I think quietly. Their offense has been killing people. Explosive. Yeah. Yeah. They are making plays.


They are looking real good. This ERs a weird game too. They jumped out to like a three score lead almost. Then they, the Saints came back. And took the lead. And. Then all of a sudden it was like a runaway show for the Bucks. Very weird. Yeah. Well Steelers 32. Raiders 13 And. The Steelers said, no, that's not good enough. Justin Fields we're gonna go ahead. And go with Russell Wilson. I don't understand. I thought the Steelers were playing pretty good with Justin Fields. But I guess they, they got something else hidden in their back pocket thinking That Russell's gonna give him more offense. They got it. Don verse the Raiders. That's all That matters, right? Yeah. Yeah. They're winning Football games. Yeah. Another, any, any other more interesting games?


I Guess Bears over Jacksonville. And London, Caleb Williams. Second consecutive week where you can see the young fellows start to build some chemistry. He's looking better. Joe Flacco wins another one for the Colts 49 ERs. Getting back to, you know, maybe a little bit of what they have been. Yeah. Seahawks have struggled a little bit ever since the Lions game. They're, they're another one dealing with some injuries. Yeah. The Lions play. So physical. There's some crazy stat Don don't know what it ERs off the top of my head of like teams after they play the Lions That, they're like win percentage ERs way down. Yeah. Because of how, how Physical That game ERs Fucking biting Kneecaps man.


Fighting Dan Campbell's fuck. Before we Get to our guest, Pat McAfee, let's answer a couple of your no dumb questions because there's no such thing ERs dumb questions. Just dumb ass people. That's s right.


No. Of questions ERs brought to you by MIT Mobile. The smart answer to saving money on premium wireless.


Yes, sir. Deb 13 M. Now That, the NHL season has started. Which hockey players pastor or present do you think could play in the NFL And? At what position? Eric Lindros could play in the NFL. Yeah. He was a big dude. Feel pretty confident about That one. That. Do you think he's, you think he's a tight nd dude. I. So he came to the golf outing we had for Beat Philly this year. Yeah. I. Remember you telling That He's massive man. Massive Dude. Yeah. Like He could have put on weight easily. And played O line. He definitely could have played tight. Nd Yeah. I'm thinking he was a tight nd I. Think That. That's probably the most accurate. He's a, for what his statue was during a Player player. Rocky number 88. Come on. He's a tight nd He's a tight player. There we go. Little Dallas Gotter Okay. 88. Who else? A freaking er with this freaking mullet would've been awesome to watch out there on a Football field.


That would've Been awesome to see. Don. Don't know what position he's playing, but I'm with you. You think Claude Reel could have found his way? ERs a wide receiver or something? I don't know. Maybe I mean he's feisty. I told you Helix. What I say? Maybe dv. White. dv. He used to come in And. Ask the arm wrestle. I don't know. DB's. Tough. Maybe. Safety. Maybe Safety. He, he used to come in And, ask to arm wrestle anybody. Like he's just one of them type of guys. So mentality wise Yes. Mentality wise, absolutely. Could play in the NFL Physically. Yeah. re gonna have to see That. What about some of the bruisers from the league? What's his name playing for the fucking leaves? Who he, who do he play for last year?


I always think of Eno. Charro. Charro. The six 11 defender from Boston. Yeah. He could play dn I. I mean, what position would he play? I. Think he'd be a dn. He got That reach. He's got some like wiggle to him. He can put some weight on him. Play some offensive tackle. There you go. That's what A def I mean. Defenseman, yeah. Just keep the guy in front of you. He's got That skill. You think a guy like McDavid, who's the fastest thing on fucking ice can, can play receiver or running back. He kind of, he weaves like a running back when he ERs on the ice. He does. He's got the elusiveness. But it's Hard. And. He's got the vision for running back. Yeah. It's just hard to gauge. 'cause skating ERs. So I've seen guys That skate. Incredibly Well, And. Then you see 'em run on a field, And.


It's just not the same. Not That. They're unathletic, but it's like, it's a different, it's an entirely different muscle group. That, you're activating ice skating than you are when you're actually running. But the Elusiveness ERs there, the quickness ERs, the Twitch ERs there. Maybe Past or present ERs. Wayne Gretsky finding his way on the NFL Football field I. Don't think so. ERs much. ERs I Love Wayne. No. You don't think Wayne's in there. I? Don't I mean he's And the, you know, we talk about this lady with Pat greatness ERs greatness. So probably would find, figure it out. But he didn't, he never struck me. ERs like having speed or like he was, have You ever seen him race? Have you seen this? They did like crossover. Like who, what was it? It was him.


And, like three other professional athletes. I. Think you're Right. And. They did a hundred meter dash And. He fucking smoked everybody. He smoked some. You're right. He was rolling, right? You know what? He was rolling. Oh shit. There. We. Go. There we go. ERs And turned. Brandon, Who ERs it? Who do, who else ERs up there? I. Forget I. Don't you know it? One of it has at the top Sugar Ray Leonard. Sugar Ray was one of 'em. Yep. Oh, Pele. Pele from, Yeah. I'm not ERs impressed with Bjorn Borg losing but beating Pele. That's something Dude. He's not just beating them. He's Crushing 'em. He's fucking rolling on him. I start, he start a two sport athlete.


I pretty, he baseball player player drafted by the expos. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm gonna say. He could have Don it. Dude, I'm Right there. I mean the form ERs not great. Let's be honest. He Runs like fucking does. That Sugar, sugar Ray, switching lanes. Did Sugar Ray just switch lanes? He's like trying to catch some wind. He's trying to drift on me. Trying. He's trying to, he's trying to Get some drift action. He's like, Hey, I ain't winning this one. I might ERs Well. Get second. My man's smart. Ah, that's funny. That's hilarious. Oh, man, that's Good. I. I'll say they're running like some dickheads. I mean, let's be honest. They, it's What do you mean that's who, who used to run like That fucking Chris Collinsworth used to run like That.


Dude, they, they're running like you ever seen Josh Allen run his 40 I? Love Josh with his straight arms. You ever seen That? Yeah, he definitely has the straight arms, for sure. Yes. He, when they told him arms at a bend, they, The arms in the 90. No sir. He's Like, nah, Hey. It don't matter what it looks like. I A, he's a baller. Alright, Right, That That. Big Dog ERs rolling. It Turns out he looks pretty good on NFL field running And. That does it for no dumb questions. Knowum questions ERs brought to you by Mint Mobile. All right, I. Think it's time. Trv ERs it. It's time to bring on our guest. Dude, Shall I do the honors? I'm so fucking pumped for This. I know. We've been waiting for this one. I. Don't even know if I'm gonna ask a question.


I'm just gonna fucking just sit here And. Just fucking listen to my guy. Just fucking go. I mean dude. I. Don't think there's anybody better at listening to than the guy that's about to come on. There's not, there's not I. Still listen to him every single day. He ERs the only one. I Don't I. Don't Don. Don't turn the TV on for anybody else but him. And And. Scott Van Pelt. SVP. And. Then you, when I have to Yeah, don't You don't listen to me. Stop. You're right. I don't I. Don't. Alright.


Right. Now it's time to talk about our next partner. We're excited about American Express. Who don't steal home without it. That's s right. On last week's episodes, we talked about Travis trying new foods. And. How we both love getting out of the house to try new restaurants whenever we can. Well, we were out of the house this past week. Trav, did you, when you were on your buy, did you do try any new dishes or new restaurants or anything when you were out of town? Oh, I told you about That Jerk beef. There was a jerk. I went to Jerk Beef. It was a jerk pasta at That. It was very interesting. Good. I'd never sounds heard of a dish like this in my life. So I gave it a run. And. It was pretty good. I. Mean I. Love trying new foods. Kai And. I. Love getting outta the house when we can. There's just something about going out to eat. It's like what ERs it about good food. That really just brightens everybody's world. You can turn your day around. You have a bad day. Go out to a restaurant. Try try some new food, man. Well. If you enjoy going out to eat ERs much. ERs we do. We've got some great news. 92 Percenters. With the Amex Platinum, you can enroll to Get, access to Global Dining Access by Resi. This Allows you to experience many of the most highly regarded restaurants with exclusive access to reservations ERs, Well ERs getting notified when those hard to Get reservations Finally. Open up. That's the powerful backing of American Express For terms. and to learn more, visit american express.com/with Amex.


We need to shout out a sponsor. That, you probably see us drinking all the time. And, that's ACCELERATOR. Active energy drink. And. If you've been looking for ways to accelerate your every day, look no further than ACCELERATOR Active Energy. Jason, what are your flavors? That, you love sipping on? You Know I love the Grenadine, the cherry ice pop. I'm always in on the cherry ice pop. Always in on Cherry ice Pop. I. Got a little cherry lemonade today. Cherry bro. Pop over my over my left shoulder right here. They're All good. ACCELERATOR. Active Energy has zero sugar, gives you sustained energy, accelerate your metabolism against you. The enhanced focus, And Of course has great taste For all you. 92 Percenters looking to Get their hands on some ACCELERATOR. You can Get it right now at Target How about That Plus accelerator's. A part of the Buy one Get 1 4 20 5% off Target Circle offer. Available now through this Saturday October 19th And Of course. You can also Get ACCELERATOR Active Energy Drink at your nearby QuickTrip or@amazon.com And, because we love ACCELERATOR so much, we're giving you a great deal How about That Use Code five to get through October 22nd for $5 off a case on amazon.com. Once again, that's code 5K E-L-C-E-S for $5 off a case of ACCELERATOR on Amazon.


We all love our dogs don't We. They complete us And. We all want peace of mind. Knowing That they are in the best shape. That. We can keep them healthy happy. That's where the Farmer's s Dog comes in. The farmer's s Dog makes And delivers fresh, healthy Dog food right to your door. It just, it's developed by vets Nutritionally balanced. And made from real meat And veggies to the safety standards of human foods. Traditional Dry And, wet Dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to. And are extremely difficult to portion accurately The farmer's. s Dog isn't just fresh higher quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your Dog. That makes it easy to help your Dog maintain their ideal weight. Dogs At a healthy weight can live up to two And a half ERs longer than their overweight companions. How about That. It doesn't matter if your Dog ERs young or old. It's always the right time to invest in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer Dog dot com slash new Heights Plus. you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer Dog dot com slash new Heights to Get. 50% off. That's The Farmer Dog dot com slash new Heights.


Right? right now it's time to bring on our guest. Jason, you wanna do the honors From Plum Pennsylvania? He was a national put pass And Kick Champion by the time he was a sophomore in high school. The seventh round pick outta West Virginia. First team all pro. First team pro bowler. He made the PFWA all rookie team And was first team All American. He's a first team Yinzer all the way you've seen him on college game. WrestleMania And Of course. The host of the Pat McAfee Show. Mr. Pat. McAfee. Hell yeah, brother. Man, you got me jacked up. What an honor it ERs to be here. Thank you for all those kind things. And, for doing your research.


I've lived an absurd life. And, obviously this conversation ERs a piece of That. You two are running the world right now. So for letting me be a part of New Heights, which I've told you I've been a massive fan of for since the beginning of New Heights, this ERs an honor a Dream. Thank you for the intro, And. Thank you for the time. Although Jason, you was saying some terrible stuff about, you know, like position groups, things like, we're Joking here. We're joking here. We're joking here. You know, we're having fun. It's a podcast. Don't shy away the Stats. Don't shy away Now, Jason. Yeah. You know the stats people You came out mean I was joking. You said, We're just having fun here. We're having fun here. It's The kickers you. You had a Well thought outtake. You said for ERs. I've been thinking about this.


That's what you said For ERs I. Think we've been talking about this. We've been You. You've been laying at night thinking like I need to Get this into the show somehow. How do I about I Work this in? See Hey, listen you, you're the greatest of all time. The greatest center of all time. One of the toughest humans ever played. Football And. Obviously your resume ERs what it ERs on the Football field. So you're allowed to say whatever the hell you want. Travis. If you wanna hop into That whole train, you can ERs Well. It's the people That have never played. Football. That decide to dunk on like kickers, And, punters, And stuff like That. Yeah. Then I'm like, you need to relax This ERs why you did the, the college game day. You got, you're start to bring the fans outta here for talking shit. That's s right. Jason, do you think you could Fucking kick a field goal? Bingo.


You know what? Don don't know if my hips got me in it. We might have to find this out. Get. Your Tims Okay. Get. Your untied. Tims Get. Your Timms. It's yeah, the old boot style. Just straight on. Oh yeah. Get. Your Tims. Who was freaking the square toe? Who's That Lou Gross used to do square toe from the brownies ERs. That. Yeah. What's the garbage picking field? Goal kicking? You remember That Joey? Oh my gosh. Yeah, absolutely. It Philadelphia. Yeah. Yeah. Could the case. But my problem, my issue ERs whenever people That have never played Football before, Barry kickers, And punters, And act like it's an easy thing. It ERs not an easy thing. Notice not if you Get out there And, you play catch. You could probably play catch a little bit. You know? Yeah, you probably could. If you want to Get out there, And do maybe hit something or so you probably do That.


You try to kick something, most people are gonna suck at it. Which ERs why the college game day thing happened for kicking ERs. Easy. Although it's getting expensive boys. The last two weeks these guys have made kicks. And. It's like 200,000 bucks of these guys. Jesus I mean it's a real deal. They're start to Practice. Yeah. I. Think I'm trying to Get hustled too. I think I'm start to Get. Hustled. Yeah. There's a chance. But Jason I think, I think you should maybe be on the side of kickers because I think it's good for the sport. You know, like no I am. Listen, I am the And. When I was with Connor, we're this ERs like in the middle of training Camp And. You're And. You're in That one-on-one situation. You Get your ass kicked And. Then you look over And. The kickers are like fucking playing a game. Oh yeah. They're like kicking the ball. Like see how far they can kick it into a ring or something.


You're like, nah, damn. Fuck these guys. Yeah, me. And. Vinny are taking a knee with the helmet on The side. It's really from a place of jealousy. It's a place of jealousy. ERs What? It ERs. Hey. You gotta put your face in there a little bit more. Jason Okay, I. Think you got Really maybe Get a little lower with your pads. Well. Thank you. Feedback. I heard. That's a good thing. Feedback. Exactly. So I can understand your feeling about it all but I think it ERs It's good for the game. Like you know on this podcast, And I assume you hear it a lot. Travis. You And Taylor's relationship ERs great for the sport like it ERs getting introduced to so many people. And, you are I. Appreciate That. And have been the perfect representation for our sport too. I, think personally. Genuinely I. Think That. I. Think there's no other human. That could do what you're doing right now.


And, how you're doing it ERs awesome. And. I. You need to know That. All of us are incredibly fucking proud of the way you're representing all of us. Dude. Legit. I'm just gonna keep winning soon ERs. Soon ERs. If I, if We lose a game, I mean it's gonna fucking rain down baby. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna, I'm just gonna keep winning. She's gonna keep winning. Staying on top. Yeah. But also smiling at the Guardians games, you know? Yeah. Come on I. I. We were all the Cleveland Laughing around a little bit. The guards baby. We were Right there man. We. Were right there. You know, I think we were just one hit away from just taking That fucking stadium by storm. The Bronx Bombers were gonna, they Were out there. Boo Boo making it. It was a hostile environment out there. I was having a good time. Okay Well. I'm happy you enjoyed it. But your relationship ERs exposing the sport to a lot of people.


And I think a lot of people are falling in love with it. Globally. Worldwide. The gateway for a lot of people to Football ERs gonna be the kicking positions. You know, like in Europe, the kickers And. But there's gonna be kickers, And partners coming outta Europe. I think over the next 15, 20 ERs. There Has to be right. Yeah. Yeah. In Australia. And everything. So I think it's good for the sport to have kicking And. Punting though. I understand why centers, And. People That have like actual physical, you know, positions with That. Actual ramifications could feel That way. But wow. I genuinely enjoy the fact That it. It's a sport for everybody. You know that's hundred percent And. It's like I. Think it's gonna help I think it's gonna help going forward. Well I. Think I. Think percent. Think you brought a new mentality to the, to the specialist. 'cause you were out there throwing your fucking weight around.


Come on Travis, you're out there. You were out there fucking taking some heads off. Come on, Travis We got That clip from the hit versus the Broncos in 2013. You got, you got selected for a drug, a drug test after That. Correct? The league saw That. And. They freaking said, no, no, no. This can't be all natural. Do That to guys. What? Yeah, because what Travis just said right there. Yeah. I. Think Roger Gado ERs watching That. And saying, That guy's gotta be on something. Okay this guy. Test him immediately. There's a few of those days, you know, like you do something good And, you don't Get drug tested the next day. If you're like a kicker, And punter. It's almost like a slap in the face. Like Whoa. You didn't think it was That impressive. Okay. I. Just, you know, they hit a 60 yard field goal. You think I'm not all Right Vegetarian's, like 45 ERs old hitting like a 58 yarder And.


They're not drug testing him the next day. It's like Okay Okay. They, they, you know. So it was like a badge of honor. But. yeah. I'll Get lucky every once in a while And hit somebody. I'll be sore though for like three, four days. That's why what you guys do, I I do not understand. Yeah. I Don don't know how your guys' bodies hold up like Trav Right now. Still like you take those shots, And, you're blocking more Don. Don't know how your body ERs in sore forever. And Jason, whenever That tush push happened, you were getting voted like an accordion. Every single Time. Every single one. Every Time. Every single time We're hyping it up. We're like tush. Push every word. Okay. Keep a comment here. Aqs like, yep. Make 'em suffer. Make 'em suffer. Yeah.


I can never do That. That's why you guys are so much tougher. But it's a great sport. Genuinely great sport. How about it. God, It's awesome The fact That, it's for everybody. You hit the nail on the head. I'm, I'm talking shit. I deserve all this. And. Maybe I can, can I stop by a game day Set And. See if I can make one of these. We're In Texas this weekend, brother. You wanna stop Anytime you wanna come by, we'll make happen. Ooh. Lemme see what the schedule looks like. May, maybe not this weekend. Maybe not this weekend. But I think we can make something happen. Well And. Know So. we should promote That. It's happening. You know, So, we can Get a little bit more pressure on you. Here we go. That works. Yeah, That works. That's what yeah About it. Make it like a game. Yeah. Yeah. I I suck under pressure. I can't even snap the ball to the quarterback. You know who had to go through this was big, big Rob Gronkowski kick of the kick of the year for the Super Bowl.


right? He I, forget who he ERs live. Who he was. Yeah. Sandals. They Did That Live. That's what it was. Yeah. And. He Two ERs in a row, right? Practice. Yeah, He was, He was practicing. Yeah. That's even worse. I'm not practicing. So there's zero expectation. It was Windy. It was windy, you know, it was bad. Speaking Of speaking of the win, what'd you That? Monday night game. They missed how many they hit the uprights three times or twice. I think it was four misses. I. Think all in total. Oh my gosh. There were some bad ones too. Like Tyler Bass missed That. First one real bad left. When Joe Buck actually mentioned it, I think he was trying to hit like a little bit of a liner to kind of cut through through it. To Get through It. Yeah. Got it. So he, he tried to hit it a little fat And. Then he ended up hitting it too fat. So then you pull That thing, it looks nasty.


But wind ERs a problem. You know, wind ERs always gonna be the worst problem When you go out on the field. And, you feel That wind. What are you thinking? ERs it like, I'm hoping, I'm hoping it's at my back when I'm out there. Like how does That work? Do you, does it affect how you're doing it? Obviously punting. But. yeah. Me definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not mentally tough enough for, you know, I like to see the ball fly. You know, like there was guys in practice That load into you ERs like brand new balls. You're like, we want practice to be hard. So That in the game, it's easier. It's like no I need to see these balls flying far. I Wanna see 'em pretty. Yeah. Yeah. I need to gimme the juiciest ball. We got And. I wanna go downwind. I wanna be feeling real good going into game game real good. But you wake up game day morning, And, you open the, the blinds or whatever, And. Then you try to find a flag on top of a building.


And. If That son of a bitch was at attention, you knew it was gonna Be a, You knew it was gonna be a long day. And I was immediately bummed out in Indianapolis. We have like a dome. Oh yeah, thing. But We opened a window in the roof. So it it, it shielded me a little bit. I was very lucky for That. But. yeah. Kickers And Punters are trying to find out what the wind ERs immediately upon waking up And. It's certainly a mind, And a mood changer. How about it man. You did both at West Virginia we're gonna Get to your West Virginia C career in just a little bit. But you did both in college. Which one was harder? Which one do you enjoy more? Kicking or punting? So I enjoyed punting a lot more. I had a strong leg. I didn't know where I was going. You know, That ERs, I, I. I could have been really good at kicking I. Think Rick Just if I just had a little bit better mentality.


Exactly what You saying. Saying Yeah. Wild. Yeah. It ERs bam ba Ba ba bam Bam ba. Yeah. You make My heart saying Ba ba man. Bam ba You Make everything grooving. Yeah, that's what it was. That was my Right leg when kicking field goals. Yeah. So punting was better for me. 'cause if you're stronger, you're gonna help in punting. 'cause you have to hit the ball hard every single time. And, once I learned the technique, I enjoyed punting a lot more than kicking Well based on That clip we just showed to you. Absolutely depleting a guy on the sideline. Did you ever play another position? 'cause you don't have That. That form doesn't come out unless you've Don That before. That aggression doesn't come out unless you've Don That before.


Yeah, Like That was not the first time you've ever laid a hit like That Boys. What? What city are you from? We're From Cleveland. Heights, Ohio. Okay. I'm from Pittsburgh. Yep. Yeah. Football Towns Of course you did Football Towns course. Of Football. Yeah. Like these are Football tents. Grew up playing pickup Football. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was on the street in between the telephone poles or it was in somebody's backyard. So I had been playing Football my entire life. I played soccer though. Okay. So like I I played a lot of soccer. And also, you know, from where I'm from. Not a lot of people made it in sports ever. So I think when I was young, they like decided And deemed That. I was gonna make it in soccer. Yeah. So I think nobody really wanted to fuck it up in anything. Right. Ah. So soccer was my full focus.


But I also played Football in the neighborhood. And in Plum a lot. And, everybody. That played on the Football team. I was friends with I was like six foot tall, 1 91 82 playing soccer. So Football was a natural thing. And. Then I did That punt passing kick. You talked about it earlier. And. When I won That, they asked me to come kick I couldn't make it to practices though. I would literally just show up on Fridays like before the Game. That's Crazy. First time putting on the pads. I had no idea what I was doing. That ERs, That ERs. Kind of how it all came together. But I've been playing Football forever. You know, I got an older brother his friends played Football with. So it's like I'm from Pittsburgh, so I know Football. My family's happiness levels ran off the Pittsburgh Steelers success rates.


Oh yeah. Like my dad That diehard of an NFL fan. So it's like kind of had it in me, but also should have played Football more ERs a kid I. Think personally. Okay. Alright, right? It work out. I hear you. When you Get to run a fake punt. What does That feel like? Because when we run trick plays on in like the the red zone, it's like one of the things That, we're looking forward to Hey. We're gonna run this play. Who the hell knows it's about to happen but it makes you kind of feel like a kid. What's it feel like to go out there? You know, you're working on an all week fake punt. Even like more rare. It's like how many, like one call a year. Maybe if That And, you've got some iconic, you got Pat. McAfee baby. We're at least Two, three times. I know you have the catastrophic one with my man. Come on now.


My man. Colt Anderson. Wait, what ERs it like to have a fake putt? Cold. Cold cut sacked there pretty quick. Actually It did not go Well for Colt. That was not how That was supposed to be executed. ERs You Guys know like every week there's some fake like field goal or fake punt That ERs like a guarantee. Always have 'em up. Like every time And then like if the situation calls for it, you know we'll do it. But what I've found ERs like if the team's good, normally not gonna be running a lot of fake punts. Like I. Early in my career, I was explained to I had an idea for a throw. I had an idea for a throw. I could spin it. I could spin a building. Okay Alright. Right Alright. Let me, you know, let me Get out there. And I was told quickly.


So you want us to take Peyton Manning off the field? This ERs so good. It's for real though. No, Just to trick him. Just to Trick him. Trust me this, they're not gonna see it coming Okay. So Hey give It right back to Payton And giving it right back to him. Real. We're trying to give him all more. We're gonna take him off the field. So you can throw one Okay. This ERs gonna work. It ERs All in like the situations of it all. And. I was certainly very understanding of That. But. yeah, I was real excited man. Anytime I got an opportunity to do something to help the team, like any of those fakes or onside kicks, That, we got like, that's a turnover. You know that's another possession. That's a big deal. Hell Yeah. Stole the possession. Huge. So it's like if you feel like you contribute more, obviously you're a little bit more proud of it.


But those ones That don't work out boy. That ERs. That ERs. So Deflator, Deflator, That. Travis I have a question for you guys Run so much trick shit you guys Get excited for That still all every single Time. Oh yeah. I got pumped for I was supposed to have one actually on the Monday night game. And, they brought a nickel blitz off the edge. It completely fucked it up. And all of a ended up being a turnover And. When I say we completely fucked it up, I completely fucked it up. 'cause I didn't block 'em off the edge. Sometimes, you know, it's just the trick plays can just Get sniffed out by a blitz or you know, when they don't work they, it makes you feel like an idiot for even trying it. But typically Andy Reed's trick plays are are pretty on cue. And, I, I. I've actually been a part of a trick play on a field goal twice in my career.


Once in a Pro Bowl And once against the, the Pittsburgh Steelers And both successful there. Was it like a tight nd runner or a Pass? My guy Dustin qui, he was the holder for, for I. Think it was Cairo Santos at the time. Put it, put it down. And then flicked it to me. It was kind of like a little shovel pass underneath And. I was out the gate. The other side, I was a wing. Yeah, And. That's a completion for Col quit. That's a big deal. Yeah. Let's fucking make sure We pick up those extra yards. I should've picked up my fucking feet. And scored but I I at least got the first down. Do you guys draw those up? I? What was it? Micd up or something where you, Andy Reed said he likes you guys to draw up the plays And. Then you guys practice 'em. And do the whole thing. ERs That still happen Happening.


We'll yeah we still do That. We'll do, we'll do some fun stuff on like Thursday practices during the specialist period. We'll, me, pat And, a bunch of the office. See That Jason minds. We'll go over there. And just start. We'll go over there. And, just start your know, screwing around with some stuff. See what works. See what doesn't. When we take it to Coach Reed, that's, he's got 51% ERs. He always likes to tell everybody. So it's like he'll decide whether or not a version of That comes into the, to the game plan. Yeah, you Guys gotta pitch. You gotta pitch the shit out of it. This ERs a good idea. We got it locked In I. Think We got one here. Yeah, it's definitely, yeah, it's definitely how, how good a energy you bring to him. For sure. I Pitched a few fake field goals. And Punts. And I knew That. My presentation was a big part of whether or not we are gonna Get this guy.


Don. It's gonna Get through. Yes. Some go, some do not though. Boy, those things cutting room floor, those things are gone. Yeah. Jason. Philly. Philly Bananas. That's like one of the most I. Mean what? Historic fakes or trip person. All for sure. Yeah. And. Nobody really knows to this day. Was it Philly? Philly or Philly special? And. I. Can't even remember. Like all I know ERs. That. Nick asked for Philly. Philly. It's known ERs Philly special. But he ERs just gonna go up. Lane. Lane was my cue to snap it. And. That was the easiest job in the world for me. I'm just running naked. I was like, man, call this ERs much ERs you want Doug? This ERs the easiest play in the world. Yeah, this could be a historic play. And I. Don't have to take any hits to the head. Yeah, I'm just Gonna run That. I man. We're winning Super Bowl. I mean It's excuse We tried to take That after you guys ran it.


And Of. course it's me throwing the ball to Pat And. Sure enough, there's a fucking cornerback over there. And. I'm like trying to play Monkey in the middle with this fucking guy. I could have just walked in the ND zone. It's against Tampa Bay the next day. And here. I am trying to like, but I want the fucking touchdown Pass. Fuck And threw it out of bounds like an asshole. That smart play. It's s right start Football Travis And. I. I were special teamers at one point. How we should admit That? Ja. Ja. Jason this ERs why it's so fucked up. Because Jason was the kicker. And. We're both Jason. We're both still like It's a little friendly fire. Little friendly, you know, little friendly Fire. I'm Jealous. I'm jealous. That. I sucked at it so bad. I was the worst long snapper on the planet. I. I mean I was a bad quarterback.


Snapper. Short snapper. But a Horrendous. You're right. You, you I like how humble you are. You're like the greatest center of all time. How about Cole Comet. Did you see Cole Comet? No. I did not. What? What's Cole out here doing Last Night? So last never got hurt. Long Snapper got hurt doing Chicago. Yeah. Yeah. Chicago Cole Comet scores. Touchdown. That has to go snap the extra point 'cause he's the back of long Snapper How about dude How about pandemonium on the sideline when the long snapper gets hurt. Oh, Brent Sellick was our backup. Snapper And. He And, he Right away. Just complete fear. Like we have not practiced this enough at all. He goes out there, it's always the tight nd it's seems like it's always the tight nd there Coach whatever you need. First one. Perfect snap. Second one rolled back.


Complete disaster. I. Remember this game? It was like cold And, rainy And shit though it wasn't a great weather day. Oh Man, remember this. Are you Snapper Travis I Am I'm the backup Snapper. Me, And, Noah Gray. I always the tight, always whatever you need. Need me. And Noah Gray always. Noah Gray ERs our our our other tight nd And. He's definitely, he actually did it in the preseason or where Long Snapper got banged up. James Winchester. Shout out to Winchester But. yeah, he definitely, he's capable of it too. Both Field Goal. And. Punt I. Think personally. I. Think the field goal. It's shorter but it, it's kind of harder because you gotta do it at a, it's, you gotta do a low, it's almost like you gotta just burn one. right? Right over right over the like grass.


Like right over the edge of the grass. Whereas Punt punt, you can just, you can just fire That thing back there. And. Hopefully the punter's, athletic And. All I have one snap in a preseason game to Dustin Cole quit on Punt. And I I yanked That thing to the right about six or seven yards. And. He went And fuck Grabbed it, came back to the left foot. And booted it. And. He got it. Yeah, he snagged it. He snagged in. He Had Jason Athletic. Yeah. Geez. Well, we Alright. Shout out to Dusty for making me look good. Now That, I've, I've, I've faced enough shit for this Well. No I haven't keep coming. But I do wanna Get to the media career, pat. 'cause listen, you are an unbelievable punter.


Absolutely outstanding I. Never thought something would be more impressive of a guy going into media. But what you're doing man, And, what you have been doing ERs just insane. You're by far the most talented guy I've ever seen In space. Dude, its not even close. You're All over the place. That's actually, dude, it's And. You've Don it your own way. Which ERs even more remarkable. I. Did you know That? This was something That you were gonna Get into like your whole career. When did you know you were going into media? And? How did That Well Transpire? Well. I Appreciate you saying That because literally since you guys have tried it, you guys have had massive success. So for you to say all those things That you said about me, I could just go ahead And, you know, flip That right back to you two. Absolutely crushing it.


Congrats on That nine figure deal. Hey man. Alright. Thank you for paving the way. Hey. That's good Shit boys. That's good shit boys owning it yourself Okay boys. That's good shit boys Okay. So like I. Think that's the thing. Like I have a great group of dudes around me though. Like the dudes I have around me are so incredibly talented. And we all kind of understand, you know what ERs needed to be Don each day. Like we're in here full time We try to keep up with everything that's happening in the sports world. We have to, you know, kind of know what's worthy of chatting about what should be talked about. Also what's not being talked about. That should be talked about And when we talk about it.


Let's not take the easy way out And be negative. Like let's do this in a way where maybe We could celebrate sports a little bit. That's kind of been since the beginning how we viewed it. For sure. Hell yeah. The Guys I have around me are incredibly talented. The work ethic ERs insane. But also it's cool That like people seemingly have been pretty like accepting of like Hey we're allowed to laugh. And crack jokes ERs opposed to having to tear people down all the time in the sports world. Yeah, sure. And we'll talk shit. Certainly And we are dumb. And. We will Get things wrong for sure. Right, And, I am I'm wide open for three hours every single day. So, but You'll have fun with it like you did with Lombardi And Max Crosby last week with Bingo So. we Get into shit like We C because We are just kind of out here riff, having a conversation, trying to have a good time.


But we all have the same mindset. We're all very appreciative of what we are doing. And, we're all fans of sports, you know. So like the more people That Get into sports, we're happy about And. We wanna make sports like a good time. Like people think of sports like Hey. It's a good time because there's a lot of shit that's driving everybody like this seemingly for sure. And. It's like sports do this And, they really do One bar. Yeah. And. It's like that's what we try to celebrate ERs much ERs possible, but we mess it up. But it's the group of dudes. I have around me man. It's, it's a lot of fun. It ERs a lot of fun every day. Yeah. You got a great recruitment for How did it all, like What was the first conversation of like Hey, we're gonna start the Show Okay. So when I was playing I got a chance to do the Bob And Tom show, which you guys in Cleveland might know who the Bob And. Tom Show ERs. So Bob And, Tom, maybe not Okay Sweet.


Shout out to Bob And Tom. Yeah. Shout out Tom People Good people, great beat Hey. They're, they're an Indianapolis staple. They're a morning show. They were syndicated on like 170 channels across the the country Radio 6:00 AM to 10:00 AM they had, they owned it too. So like the business they've had. So they did good business in this entire thing. They were in Indianapolis. It was a comedy morning show. Basically every comedian you've ever heard of has been through there during their tour. 'cause Indianapolis ERs pretty centrally located. So from six to 10 they're like nationally syndicated everywhere. And. Then from 10 to 10 30, it's just like a local hour here in Indianapolis. They negotiated some deal And. It was like a Cols Tuesday, which was our off days. Jeff Saturday was the guy. That did That for like 10 ERs with them.


Jeff Saturday leaves to go to Green Bay. They asked Jeff Saturday like, Hey, who should take your spot in here? You know, And, Jeff Saturday says like, you gotta Get the punter. The punter ERs the guy to do this or whatever. There we go. Shout out to Jeff. So then a couple of the other media people also told him, That, you should Get the Pat or whatever. And I think they even said my name wrong at the time. So when Bob And Tom, so when Bob And, Tom approached me And, my dad was a truck driver growing up. So obviously he was on the road a lot with radio. So Bob And Tom, he knew about Bob And. Tom. So I knew about Bob And Tom whenever I was a kid growing up. So when Bob And Tom approached me to join the show, I was like, I'm not gonna be the one That ruins this fucking show. You know, it's been around like 30 ERs. I don't think I'm the right guy for your show. Like my the shit That I am ERs just not I.


Don't think ERs the right for your show. And Tom Griswold from Bob And. Tom said you would be the dumbest guy on earth if you did not come on our show or whatever. And I was like, oh Okay, I'll come do the show. So I Get in there first week, first 30 minutes. I've never felt like more comfortable. Like I was just, they were talking about news, they were talking about Sports And. It was like they had three comedians in there. Bob Caval, like one of the quickest smart asses on earth. He's there And. It was just like I almost felt like alive in there for like 30, 30 minutes or whatever, And. Then the next week when they're live from six to 10 on the national audience, Tom Griswold was like, Hey, next week, anytime you wanna come in, come in. So I went in there 6:00 AM I was like, I'm coming in here 6:00 AM So I did like four hours with him in the morning.


And, it was like I fell in love with it. Like I really enjoyed the energy, the vibe, the way they set up the show, the structure of the show. And. It was at That moment where I was like, this could be, this could be something I kind of Get into, you know. Then when I, while I'm still punting, I had a standup tour I did around the Midwest. I did some other shows here in Indianapolis. I had a podcast, I had a merch store while I was playing. So it was like I. I was kind of doing the next step. While I was still punting And. I was finding like fulfillment in all this stuff away from punting after the offense failed. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I was having a good time with the charity stuff I was doing. I was having a good time with the comedy stuff. I was having a good time with the show. And. It was like I need to fully focus on one of these because there's only 32 jobs in the NFL.


You gotta have respect for That. But then also this ERs so much more fun. And, I'd taken care of everybody financially. That I thought I had to take care of with my NFL money. And I was like, all right, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna try to chase fulfillment here And. Then it's become all this And. It's so stupid. I'm so lucky. So thankful. And I have a blast. I'm literally just trying to enjoy it all. It's such a genuine way to Get into your next career though. Like you, you I And. I can't stress this enough for the guys in the NFL That are looking for something outside of Football. You have to do it while you're still playing. Use those off seasons And. The little connections That you make throughout your career to be able to set yourself up. And, it's so cool. That, you're you. You started doing That. You found it And. Then you just fucking took Off. Come on.


You fucking Took off. Did it, did it actually make it easier for you to kind of hang it up or like you you could probably have played ERs long ERs. You wanted to Right I mean put Yeah. Pack of Soupy out there kicking balls. You already I I played in That. I played That soccer tournament last summer. Oh yeah. We I read my hip flexor kicking. Hate to see. So I don't think I could still Yeah, I Hey to see it. Jason Don don't thinks a rough I still do. It's a rough fun. You were were fucking balling though. When I retired you, You were ball. No, I'm saying you were bawling on That in the seven on seven. Seven in the, thank you. What was it? 7 0 7. What was That League? Yes, You you know Okay. You saw it. You Saw this. Yes. I saw the crosses. I saw. Yes. This fucking election. Dude Are, you kidding Me? I was in carrying North Carolina for like four weeks.


We were down there. That, I, didn. Not know what I was signing up for signing And. Then our team got like good. Our team started like bonding's. Awesome. Our team started having a chance. I was like I. I fell in love with it. But then yeah, just ripped my shit I mean I had a pool of blood in my thigh for like three months. That's when I felt old, you know, that's when I felt real, real old. Oh man. But. yeah, it definitely I. Think you know, whenever guys retire, And, you know the stats obviously you guys both about the 80% fall into bankruptcy after five ERs of professional athletes And everything like That, And, I always wondered why like when the NFL PA would come in, they always talk to us about like saving money, And, yada yada yada. And. I actually asked a couple times like how come there's no ideas like for everybody to make more money when they retire.


Like why can't we hear more like Hey, your story matters. Money like Hey speaking ERs maybe something you should Get into tell your story. Everybody who makes the NFL has a story. Everybody. Everybody like No matter what story ERs, That success story can pivot you into a new profession later. I was Wondery. Why That was never talked about. So I think like fully focusing to this And. I retired very early. And. Everybody said And. A lot of the people said I was dumb. A lot of people said I was an idiot when I retired. 6 million bucks on the table, all That, yada yada yada. So there was also like, did it make it easier to hang it up after hearing That? Maybe not. But it also made me Get to a mental point. That was like, I'm fucking making it. I'm gonna prove all these motherfuckers wrong. Yeah. Max against the wall boys.


Yeah, These people are not gonna be right. Yeah. Like That That ERs not gonna happen in there. So that's a Good driver. Yeah, baby I. Think having a focus, having something to focus on. Enjoying what you're doing. And still having like the locker room. 'cause I got the boys here, you know? Yeah. Fuck it. It ERs. It certainly helped a lot. It certainly helped a lot. I. Think I love it Man. You've talked about your boys all And. One of the things That has been been so fucking awesome about the way you've Don it ERs you have not changed who you are or how you do it. I still remember seeing you down in the Pro Bowl. What was That? A Arizona maybe. Or maybe it was like, yeah, you're the exact same fucking guy. No matter when you are, whether you're on TV off, like wherever you're at, you are Pat McAfee. You've brought all your boys with you. You've Don it your own way.


You've created your own path. He's a real one. The way your brain works ERs fucking I don't even understand it to be honest with you man. It's like always just the neurons just fucking work. The only thing That works better than your leg ERs a punter ERs, those neurons you got up there, they're Freaking Clicking at all times, brother. It's impressive. Thanks I. Appreciate That To see where it's gotten to. Now. ESPN College game day I. Don't know man. Did ERs this, did you envision it getting to this? Are you happy with where it's at right now? Were you, were you always a college game day like kind of like were you always excited on a college game? I mean you had a pretty good college experience over there in West Virginia. No. Was it always ERs Good times. Good Times. We had good times in Morgantown. We had good times In Morgantown.


We gotta Wondery. Yeah, we, we gotta talk a little bit about That. We We know some guys, We know some real dogs. That. Were over there in West V. Man. That was my First alcoholic drink. Was it in Morganton at a seven on seven tournament. I. I. Think that's a lot of people's stories. I got a lot of people's stories. We Went down to the gas station. And got mad. Dog 2020 Orange Jubilee. Yeah. Oh, babies that's Going. Those mad Dog 2020s used to be a real problem because the color I think everybody thought they were softer. They were not. No, they were not. Yeah, they Were not. They were not. No. They were throwing a hun. You know, they were in, when you talk about college game day, I, I, think just like everybody else in the NFL, like we watch college Game Day.


Every Saturday to keep up with. It's in every NFL building. You know, And, I. Think in college we watch it every single Saturday. So I think I've always been a college game day fan. You know, come from Pittsburgh though. Which ERs an NFL town, which ERs, you know, interesting. So whenever college game day becomes an opportunity, it was never the Show, like I thought to myself, like I could be on. Yeah, sure. But then whenever you're presented with an opportunity to be on like one of the top two institutions in the history of sports media. Yeah. And. It's Football. And. It's wrestling. You know, because it's front of a live audience. Yes. So And, obviously I am so incredibly lucky to have a relationship with the WWE E too. Growing up, how big of a fan I was of wrestling? And. Wwe F Fuck yes. Yeah. Everything. It ERs. So it's like Football, And wrestling, And.


It's one of the greatest shows in the history of shows. And, you're like, there's only so many spots. So massive honor to even be asked to do this. It's like Alright, right? I'm going in. So cool man. I'm gonna go in And. I've been baptized by college. Football. Yeah. In this entire thing. It ERs electric, bro. I know. You're from Cleveland. I'm from Pittsburgh. Dude, these college towns, especially down there in the south, I mean out in Oregon. Bananas, Berkeley. Crazy. Dude. These people in the south are praying to the That. It's God, it's Jesus Christ. And it ERs That. It ERs the team. You know, it's like, it's crazy to, it's been an honor, dude. It has been so much fun. So I try to have a blast everywhere, I go, because Al committed in like, That ERs a part of college ball.


Like all the pageantry, And, the tradition. And loyalty. So I'm lucky to do That, man. I really am And to say, did I know it was gonna go like this? No, bro. I had no idea. I had no clue. I was hoping just to be able to survive And, pay my guys And. Like, we just have fun. Go t work together, do our thing. Oh yeah. But then like, things just kind happened, you know, like I I. Remember the day you went door to door? Come on, bro. And gave, handed out some envelopes. Man. You kidding? That's a real one right there, man. Let the Backpacks to the Boys. Yeah. The backpacks, my bad. Yeah, those still happen Mu they do it in a different way. That's much easier to tax, you know? 'cause Yeah, I Guess backpacks of a hundred thousand bucks ERs not the easiest way to, It's not. That's tracking And then to broadcast it too.


So everybody, yeah, let's make sure Whatever happened, we saw a backpack. Was there actually cash in That? No, no, no. Wasn't anything In there? How much did he say? He said how much it was. It was a bit. There was nothing in there. Yeah. Fake money. A fake money. What's the better atmosphere? College Football or NFL And. I. Guess it's different depending on which college. And, which NFL. But just in general, you've been a part Of both. I. Don't. Kansas City seems pretty insane. The Arrowhead seems crazy, right? I mean That ERs crazy. It's rocking Baby Arrowhead's nuts. Getting rocking Arrow. They got Chance And shit too, right? That. They do throughout the entire game. Oh yeah. And The home of the And. When you're at an away place. And. You hear That, you guys gotta Get pumped about That. Oh fuck yeah, we're here.


We're here. That. The I. Just know the away team or the home team hates That shit. That ERs one thing I'm jealous of. Soccer stadiums ERs. Those, those old school chants, those call And React Chance. Yes. You don't have those. So that's what every college has. That's every college has That. Those are Electric Alright. Right? So That Can That keeps the stadiums like throughout, like, you know, there's a dead period in NFL games maybe. Yeah. It's like the college ones. There's no dead period because there's like, give And take calls back. And Forth. See, like when I do all That shit on game day, it's like that's what they're doing in the stadium. And. I. Yeah. You know, I'm very lucky to learn That I. So like, the day Before, oh, I. It was so fucking electric out in Eugene, Oregon this weekend, doc, you had me off my couch singing with you. Dog That shit was everybody ERs in the group chat.


Every group chat on, I'm a part of like, bro, Pat McAfee iss the best thing to have to college Football. Everybody's saying it. Dude, you had everybody livid. And ready to fucking rock And. Roll for That, Oregon, Ohio State game, man. Tell everybody I said thank you for the kind remarks. And. The, the thing about it ERs, I'm learning That from like walking around the town the day before. Yeah. So I try to go like experience, like their food spot. Like what's their food spots? That, they talk about, 'cause every college Has it's authentic man. Hell yeah. I try. So I'm trying to tell 'em my own story. Like when I go experience I, go see some spots. I'll go see the team facility. And. I'll try to ask people at all these places. I'm like, Hey, what's the shit? What are we, what's the, you know, what are we, what are we saying out here? And. I'll Get like an answer from somebody. And. They'll be like, you say go And.


Then they'll say Docs. I'm like, Okay. They'll go And. They're like, they'll go with it. I'm like, thank God. Because there, there has been one time And, it was for the WWE I. Do like a commercial break. I do I cut a promo on commercial breaks in these arenas. And I try to do the same thing. I try to Get the local thing. I was misled. I was misled. I I was told. I was told That, the crowd was gonna go And. They did not go. So the first time, the first time when That crowd responds to me in the morning for game day, And I, hear it back. I'm like, thank I was not allowed to. We That ERs. That's good news. But Eugene showed up in a big way. Berkeley showed up in a big way. Obviously Alabama, those place. It's, I'm having a time in my life, man. I'm learning so much about all these schools.


And, everybody's cool. Yeah, You look like it. And, you look like, dude, you, you play to a crowd. Great. But it doesn't look like it's like being Don in any, like, you just are genuinely loving to be there. And. It's fucking awesome to see, man. It's awesome. Well. That's like a part of it, you know, like, that's a part of college ball ERs like the fans. Fuck. Yeah. That's the beauty. That you on site. That you Get. Let's take advantage of it. And. You're I mean. You maximize it, brother. It ERs awesome to see. What Were you wearing? You were wearing a Fred Flintstone thing during picks the other night. Dude, I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah, Jason. Wilma. Wilma. That's awesome. That's awesome. You enjoying it. You're crushing it. You're doing Great. I'm having fun. I'm having fun. I'm learning. I do want to, like, dude, I would love to talk to you when we even got more time about how you prepare.


That's the one thing that's the craziest ERs. I've never watched this much. Football. Like, when you play, you watch your own team And, you Get, you Get really hyperfocused on the players you're playing And, the like, what you're doing for the game. Now. It's like, dude, I gotta watch like all this stuff. Like, everybody's just watching all these games. And. It's, it's hard And for you. You're doing all of this. Like, it ERs even more impressive. Yeah. You're ev you're in every fucking sport, dude. I don't know how your mind does this. Dude. I don't know how I'm, it's The neurons. The neurons Are whopping on a different Level. Oh Man. So here's how, if I see it, if I see it, normally it's gonna stay there. right? Alright, Right, Right. right. There you go. That's dope. right? But I have to see it though. So like, so like the night before college game day.


Yeah. I'm running through everything. I'm running through every team. I'm running through every player. I got Tony Diggs one of my guys. He writes up a full like preview of what the weekend will be like. But I have to see it, you know? So once I, see it though, it's in there. It's in there. So it's takes up some time. It's like, act for you acting Travis. What were you, did you memorize? How'd you memorize those lines? And. Everything. Like That. I mean. Yeah. The, the lines are, you just gotta, you gotta, I was fortunate enough to have an acting coach. And. You just keep shooting the lines over And over And over again. Until you Get comfortable with it. And. Then you'll Finally. Find out And. Feel out what the scene actually ERs. At least that's what, that's what my learning experience was for the lines And, everything in Acting And. Then you can kind of riff. How'd you do it? You crush it.


I I. Think Jason. Jason didn't tell me I sucked. So, so far so good. I, think you're Doing it. So far so good. Let's go dude. Yeah, Let's go. Dude. This ERs fun ERs hell. Congratulations dude. Thank you. Yo, I, I. Don't know how often, you know, people just celebrate right in your face on your show. I. Apologize for doing That, but that's on me completely. The That's awesome though, dude. You your best. I, I. Think about some of the shit you're doing right now. And. Like the pictures. You know my wife, massive fan of your lady. So, I, I, Get, I, Get updates on all this shit. You're just having dinner with Wolverine. And, Deadpool, And. Then you, you know it. It's like, do you ever Get, do you ever, like, at this point you still understand, right? You still at This point, at this point, it's just it.


You can't fathom what's going on. So it's just like a dream. You're just like, oh yeah, no, you're not surprised by like the next thing That comes in or comes in next person. Yeah. Go more. Oh, Okay That walks into the door. Yeah, it's crazy. It's insane. I don't even Don don't know how the fuck I it, brother I. Gotta to live this silly ass fucking life, man. But I am, I'm definitely fortunate for it. For sure. You've earned it. You've earned it, man. Never forget it. That's awesome, dude. We're gonna wrap up this segment with, we gotta ask, you don't have to answer. We prefer you answer, but obviously this ERs up to you. Pat, first question you, we gotta ask Nick. Sira brings up a story about you all the time. Drunken swimming in a canal, right? He brings it up during the off season portion where everybody's going away.


And. He's talking about don't Get. Don't be too crazy when you're away from the the facilities. Could you maybe share That story with all the 92 Percenters out there? Well, I. Hope Nick. Ani. Coach Siri was a honorable lad. Yes, And said That. That's all alleged. Okay. I was certainly found rather intoxicated very early in the morning. Shirtless And wet late in October. It was cold. It was, it was a cold morning. And in the police report day piece together. That I had probably been swimming in a canal nearby.


Big thanks to those cops. They got me off the streets. That morning when I was certainly intoxicated. Publicly caught $140 fine for That. What had to do some community service. Ridiculous. And. I still haven't got it cleared. That, we don't know if I was in a canal. And by We. I mean the police or me or That Was. That was. Nobody has Proof. We learned from That. We moved along. But. yeah. I appreciate Coach Ani saying, don't be That guy. And. Me being That guy. 'cause you should have seen how I felt in jail. I was like, I am not a good enough punter to be sitting in jail right now. There's no way. I thought it was over. I thought it was over. I thought it Was over. Oh, Who ERs?


Who's the bigger legend in West Virginia? You or Owen Schmidt. Owen Schmidt. Dude. That guy. Could be governor anytime he wanted to be. Dude, It's insane, ain't it? Ly, You're talking about Truck, Dr. Dude, he's a you. He's a truck driver. He works for UPS now. Yeah, I'll FaceTime him. I'll FaceTime And. He'll be, you know, at work, And. Then he'll introduce me to a couple of the boys. I'll Get a chance to chat with him. I got a chance to see him a few weeks ago. Whenever we went to Morgantown. Yeah. To do our show before West Virginia took on Penn State. Yeah. If you do a call in That Game West Gene lost Penn State. But there was two hour delay, so there was two hour delay. It wasn't a real game. right? Yeah, yeah. You know, it shouldn't even count in this entire thing. But Owen was there. He was one of the guests. He drove up from Greenbrier area multiple hours.


I did not know he had to drive That far. So he held That over my head, obviously, because Pat White came in from Alabama. I gave I. I got Pat White on a plane to Come up. How about it, baby. So I I got Pat White on a plane to come up, you know, flew him up to Morgantown. And. We we're gonna make sure Pat here. And. Owen had to drive. Yeah. So he held That over my head, obviously. Yeah. But ERs soon. ERs Owen gets in front of That crowd. They pay their respects, man. Owen Schmidt ERs like the living embodiment of what a West Virginia mountaineer should be. And. I've never seen a human be able to delete beers, dude. Like o Show, dude. It's impressive. Very impressive. Wasn't his nickname was That ERs. This true And. This ERs the story. I. Remember his nickname was Runaway Beer Truck ERs That. Accurate. Yeah. Yeah, it was. It was probably the most perfect nickname ever given to anybody in the district.


Literally. You wanna talk about run Right? Run right through a fucking brick wall. Man. That guy would do it all. He would break helmets. Travis. He He would break face message on His face. On his face. Yeah. Then yeah. Yeah. He was psycho. Awesome. We gotta talk about 2008 uc versus West Virginia. I. Know you remember this one? I. I'd said a story earlier about alcohol being my first, my first drink ever being in Morgantown. I also had the first beer poured on me in a Football uniform in the corner of the ND zone after overtime. Which you freaking solidified with the Well. How long was That Kick? That was a long one. That, you said. Oh. Oh. I. Forget I. Forgot That game. That was like Biggie's championship type game. Wasn't, yeah, it Was huge.


There was a lot on the line. Yeah. Yeah. We won overtime. It felt like you single But making field goal at the ND of a regulation to send it to overtime handed Onside Kick. And And Onside. Kick please. Thank you. Hand And Onside. Kick And. Forget. Forgot about That. Forgot about That. Yeah. It's all coming back. Yeah. I. I. Remember you remember our fans were sprinting back in. They left. They went into the hills. They went to the hills. Then they came back with cans. I don't know how they got 'em in the stadium. They running, running in I. Do remember That? Yeah. I do. Remember That. And. We lost Well. We got a roughing. The passer. I. Think it Was something like That late. There was a penalty. And. Then we co kazeem Ali caught one in the corner of the ND zone. Yeah.


Our tight nd And. I. Just remember beers being rained down upon us. It was, yeah. Yeah. Those people were pretty intoxicated publicly. Yeah. Yeah. They were. Maybe in a canal. Potentially. Lot of motion. They were up And down. That Whole game. Hey. That, Cincinnati, West Virginia Run was cool when you guys had Brian Kelly's head almost spotting Every Week. Yeah, biggie, Well. You guys started it. Right, was it? You guys are Louisville. It felt like it was Louisville. Then you guys took it from Louisville. Then we took it for a little bit. There was like a weird run there where the big Easts actually had some really good teams. Okay. If I recall here, new big Easts happened. I I. Like Year I. Don't know if it was the year I got there. 2005 ERs when I graduated high school. So when I Get there, I think it was new Big East. Louisville just came to the Big East. Remember they were supposed to run Big East I.


Think. Yeah. That Brian, bro. Bram And. Who was the running back? That. They had, That was a beast. I can't remember his name. Anyway, Mike Bush. Bush, Bush, Bush. Yes. Michael Bush Dog. Absolutely. Dog. And. Then Harry I think was over there too. Like they had, they had a great team. Yeah. We triple overtime. I. Think my freshman year. We beat him. I. Think so. It was like We had it. That. I. Think Louisville took it. Yeah. And. And. Then you guys Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh was pretty good in there too. They had old Fitzy, Fitzy, And, And, Lasha, McCoy. They were never the front team though. They were good. I. Don't know. I might have just been a shady fan. I don't know Shady. Oh, they did win one year. I think you're right. When Shady was there, they might have won one year too. You know? They lost. They lost at the nd of it. Talk about ball security.


Yeah. Shit. He would show up in your stadium. And. Get the ball. Like this. And shake the shit outta every human in There. It's so crazy. It was awesome to watch Big East was real deal. It was. It was a fun, it was a fun conference there. Shout out to the old Big East. All right. Rest in Peace. Rest in peace. Yukon even didn't suck. No Yukon. Yeah. Sucked. Yukon. No, they, they, They used to throw That out. They would make make some runs. They were good at Basketball. They're holding down basketball. They're holding it down. They beat us. I can't talk. Yeah. We're about third way through the NFL season. Who's your early Super Bowl pick? Pat Chiefs are still the Chiefs brother. Alright. Right. Helix. Still the Chiefs. There we go.


All right. Now, And That ERs. That ERs. Not just because he's sitting here. And. I'm such a massive fan. I'm just a believer in like, greatness. Yeah. I. Legitimately am I. Believe That. There's like levels to this shit. Yeah. And for 20 some ERs. We saw the New England Patriots for what reason? Yeah. Well. They just were Well The fact. That. They just, the great the In the air. In the air, in the ball. Yeah. In the ERs in the bowl. And That was against the Cols. We couldn't wait for That could video. We chip coaches. Yes. Spygate obvious. Every, all this shit gets thrown at one thing. And. That's greatness. Normally. That's what comes down for That. That ERs. How? For sure. So I. Think when push comes to shove, I. Think I think these dudes figure it out. Like I. I just am I'm a firm believer Last year, you know, there was a little time And Don don't wanna bring up bad, bad times to the new Kansas, City Chiefs.


But the boys seemingly stunk for a bit. Yeah. It was few weeks. It was a, it was, it was a rough, it was a rough road. It got a little treacherous. It's the only year it got a treacherous. It's the only year I ever beat the Chiefs And. Andrew re That was the only time We ever got it. Don And. You still won the Super Bowl. That's what I'm saying. There was a time everybody thought they were Don. They're not even making the playoffs. It's over Hey. Everybody but me. I want let you know. Hey, Okay. I was standing. I was standing. I wave Ring. I was standing on this microphone. And I said The Chiefs are still the chiefs. I don't know what everybody's talking about. Pat had a a flu one day. It was windy the other day. I just saw I just believed. And. I. Just think That. That's the case. And. Then I watched That quarterback show or whatever the hell it ERs. Oh yeah, yeah. On Netflix.


Yeah. And I realized That. Patrick Adams like one of the coolest dudes of all fucking time. It's not only Z Dude, I. They don't make him any better, man. They don't make him any better. Dude. House And beers talking shit, working his dick off fighting through injury. And then making every play. They, they don't make That. There's, you know what I mean? Yeah. That. That doesn't. That doesn't. Yeah. So I believe in the Chiefs personally. That's what I, that's why I believe in the Chiefs I. Love it. Love it. Even with, even with the team, like the Jets getting a guy like Devonte Adams today, Big deal. Fives good too. He popped his head in I. Dunno if you saw Devonte popped his head into our conversation with Aaron Rogers. Yeah. right. Did he? I did not know. I did not. Oh. He came in with a Football in hand. Turns Snoops. It spins the ball. Hello Devonte.


Good to see you. Long time. Congratulations. No, see they are, they, they seem to be ready to go. I mean, they just, they just lost to Bills. Less than like 14 hours before That. And Jets fans are pumped. They should be. They're very, very excited about the future. And I can see why Devonte's A Dog. Helix. A Dog a Dog. Devante. Garrett Wilson. They got some And. The, the offense looked a lot better. Especially in the first half last this past week. So, or yesterday. They're running it. Jason, either way, I know How about That. Let's hand the ball off. Get. This guy Brie Hall involved. Who's That S pretty good. It's pretty good. Also, let's do more tush pushes. Let's Get these centers. Let's, let's compile some more. Trying to, did you I have you more vertebrae? Did you bitch about it on the Show a lot or no?


I. Don, I. Don't know if I saw it about your body just getting demolished. Just Getting absolutely just full. Like you said, like an accordion. He's just getting folded every single fucking time. It's hilarious. I laugh at it at this point. I never Used to And. How much We were hyping it up too. We were so loud. Like Tush Bosh. So Awesome. 92% Keep doing it. We just keep doing it. And Jason has to be supportive. Has, Yeah, he has to. He's A team guy. I didn't really talk too much shit Then Lane Johnson. Lane Johnson let the cat out of the bag. He used to say That. Every time he would Get called in the huddle, I'd be fuck my life. Oh, That's awesome. But you literally publicly had to support it. 'cause it was working.


And, it was like your thing. It was like And. Listen, I hated it. But let's, let's, you know, what if it gets the first down? Keeps this truck converts. It's ba I mean. It's a free, you're avoiding a turnover. It's insane. Yeah. I agree. That's Ohio. Football I Stealing possessions, baby. I'll take a compressed vertebrae for That. Bring it on Pat. Who's your, who's your two early MVP Right now? Oh, Okay. So the, do you believe That somebody other than the quarterback who win the MVP I think It's gonna take a lot? Man. Man, it's gonna Be hard. Yeah. Depends who it Take. It's gonna take like where going? Something like, like what this Boise State kid ERs doing. The running back. Yeah. Holy shit.


It's gonna take something like That to like take the attention away from a quarterback getting it I. Think He's ahead of Barry Sanders. A Barry Sanders had like 2,600 rush shows. That gonna make touchdowns. The head schedule. Yeah. He's Helix six games in. He ERs already got 1200 And. Like 17 touchdowns. The shit's ridiculous. And to be clear. Gente, we think it's incredibly admirable. And. Cool. That. You're still at Boise State. 'cause he led the country in yards, I. Think last year too. I assume there was big offers. Yeah. Had to be For him to go. But if N I, LN I L Money. Oh Yeah. I assume there was big offers to Get him out. Boise State, he's still in Boise running on That. Smurf, turf I. Respect. Helix. Like that's something. I, he blends in That. Blue turf. Man. Dude, he never stops running either. He's very impressive. But if we stick in the running back, could potentially win an award.


That normally goes to quarterback like Derrick Henry right now. Oh yeah. He's scoring touchdowns just like nonstop. It's That. Yeah, right. Just, they just, when they think, just because the Titans got rid of him, everyone's like, oh, he ERs not the same player fucking just running, just running 22 mile, 21 miles an hour, 22 miles per hour getting tickets in a, in a school zone. You kidding me? He's this tall. He's unbelievable, man. I'll admit I'm an idiot. I I I. When they made That Pick, I'm like, dude, he's a shock. They're gonna put him in shotgun. How's this gonna work with Lamar And? It's like, oh yeah, no, he's just bigger And. Faster. And stronger than everybody. Let's just Get those guys on our team. Let's just let That guy go north. And South. Good luck. Tackle when That And. That's And. That's Harbaugh Football too. It ERs like Hey. He will And. Then they got Ricard ERs a fullback too.


It's like he's two 80 or whatever. Former D nd. It's like I. Don't understand how they were allowed to do That trade. I Dunno how That was. Right. That seems to be unfair. Well. Good job. Harbaugh. I. Hope he wins. I would, I would be very much ERs a obviously offensive lineman, but King Henry Don don't know man. That guy's just, he's just a Dog. He ERs Let's Get an offensive lineman award. Yeah, we, that's like against the religion of Oline to Get an award. But it's like, it's gotta be like a group award. They got the Ford tough offensive line. Fucking penne se ERs Fun to wash. Now see how they guy hooking lateral almost had a touchdown, had a called back Dude. He balanced himself. Yeah. What? How ERs he three. What? He's three I. Think He's gotta be at least three 50.


He's, he's up there. He's a big man. Big man. Hey. My elbow would explode. Trav, why ERs Everybody so big, strong And fast these days. Just I. Don't know, man. I don't Get it. Don. Don't Get it. Where'd they find these people at? How Tall are You? 6, 5, 6, 4 And. Seven eighths. If you ask the fucking combine, they, they fucking cut a quarter of a fucking eight. Like, can you just gimme the quarter? Gimme eighth of an inch. Just can I Get, That eight And be six, five. Or do I gotta be six four And, seven eighths. They push You down, dude. They did. They push you down? They Did. They got it twice. They're like, yeah, it's six five seems too, seems too tall for you. I. Think you need, we need to do this again. I just Talked about these people being too big. And too fast. And too athletic. And. I'm talking to a dipshit here at six foot five.


Moving around to like four, six at the age of like 50. You know what I mean? I mean Travis. You're a freak Show brother. Having fun, man. the Show having fun out there. Pat, We're getting close to getting out. ERs there. Anything That? We haven't hit That. You wanna talk about anything That like Don? Don't know, Man. Yeah. You got anything fun coming up? That, That people don't know about yet. No, dude, there's, there's way too much of me. the Show ending quicker. ERs better, But aside from That, I would like to let you guys know I. Appreciate the hell out of the invite on the program here. I'm a massive fan of you guys. And, what you're doing right now with media ERs a big deal. And I. Hope you Get a chance to kind of take it in. And. Enjoy it all. You guys are legends. And Travis. The fact That, you're still able to do all this while still playing I.


Know it's not easy to balance you keeping the main thing, the main thing. And still being able to do all this. Oh yeah. Incredibly impressive. And. Jason, you're big ass with your Untied Tims just people crop in this media world. And, taking over your acting abilities in a Buffalo Wild Wings. Commercial And. Then Ep. NNFL. Monday Night Commercial. I mean. Let's go boys. Let's go. You guys crushing it. Great time to be alive. I. Appreciate you. Go. You both so much. Well, The honor's, all ours. Pat, thank you for coming on. Thank you for paving the way, changing the game. It's, it's incredible to watch your career up to this point. Can't wait to keep watching. Keep being you. Oh yeah. Can't wait to see you in freaking Austin, Texas this week. College game day intern. Brandon, big Austin, Texas guy. Big, big, big Texas fan down here.


Brandon's excited Jerry Up. What the chance brother? Don't leave me astray. Don't leave me astray. Keep making sports fucking fun, brother. I. Love watching you man. You too. Love watching you. Let's thank Can't wait. I can to join you on the fucking show sometime soon. Yeah. Don't feel any both of you. Okay there ERs a open invite for any Kelsey. Mama. I'm I. Want to Get to the fucking Thunderdome. And. I'm fucking pissed. I. Haven't been there yet, man. Dog That shit. Looks like Hey Hey. Listen, if you make it out to Indianapolis ever would love to have you here in the thunder dump. Have a good old time, but either anytime you both wanna come on the program open invite. Whenever the hell I would be grateful. And, thankful. Just like I am. That, I'm here. And. You guys, you're the best man. You're the greatest brother Pat.


Thanks so much Brother Alright Right now. Pat McAfee, Ladies and gentlemen, you're the greatest Dog. Great. Thank you so much to Pat McAfee for coming on I. Can't tell you how electric That was. Pat. Pat Mackman. That's that's one of the ones we've been waiting for. We've been waiting to Get him. Yeah, we have We. Finally got him. Thank goodness. And That. He's the busiest dude in the world. Thank you brother for, for giving us your time, man. We fucking love That dude. Man. He ERs. He's changing sports for the good man. He ERs making sports fun ERs fuck. Similar to how I was talking to you about being a part of ESPN, And, everything. McAfee's doing it at a whole nother level, man on all aspects. The college world wrestling, you name it, man.


All of sports. He's making it better, man. Thank you. Appreciate you coming on, brother. He's changing the world, but he's still staying true to That. Yinzer. Ha ha. That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you, obviously, again, to Pat. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Reminder, you can listen to new Heights episodes early And ad free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights ERs, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports And Entertainment And, brought to you by PELOTON Find. your push Find Your Power with PELOTON Hey Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to our production And crew, We fucking love you guys. And, we owe you guys big time. Thank you to all the 92 Percenters for WA tuning in And. Make sure you check out one three Plus for our little bonus, extra, Extra video. It's gonna be fun. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts And. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.