
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Get ready for the A FC championship game with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime video. Prime video makes it easy to manage your streaming lineup. Prime members can add Paramount Plus and over 100 more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime video account with one login and one password. Don't miss the action. Watch the NFL on CBS with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime Video.


You know, the ncaa like they don't have many rules on much anymore. Women's sports has blown up with the NIL stuff. It's been great for everybody. Honestly, You're a little bit closer to the NIL world. Have you heard of anybody paying their taxes? I definitely wasn't fucking ready to pay taxes when I was in college. Like, I wasn't thinking about that shit. I know. That's what I always think about. Hey, Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Ah, How it going? A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment.


And big thanks to our presenting sponsor, AUDIBLE, oh, start listening today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash New Heights. I love some AUDIBLE. All Right, now AUDIBLE. Getting in there. Sliding in there for a little sponsor. Got shout out. AUDIBLE, we're your hosts.


I'm, I'm Travis Zy is my big brother. Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Cincinnati Bear cattle alums. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus or wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s Jason, let the people know who we have coming up. I'm not gonna beat around the Bush guys. This is a big one. Hoo. It's a guest. You guys have all been waiting for That We all have been waived for. You've all, I mean really been demanding and we finally got her one of the, probably got one of the busiest schedules out there. Caitlin Clark is here. That's right. You heard it. That's right. You heard it right? She's in the building, folks and we're gonna hear a nice conversation from her in just a few seconds and we're not gonna really do too much before that 'cause we're gonna get right into this conversation 'cause it was fantastic.


But first we are gonna get to a little bit of that new news. New news.


New news is brought to you by ACCELERATOR. The orange ice pop. There we go. Who knows? Nice ACCELERATOR. Do you like do you, did you're finally I do. I'm a fan of the Orange. Orange. It's so good. I still prefer the Grenadine. I still prefer Grenadine Cherry ice pop, but, okay. Okay. I think it's good. I'm, I'm a fan. I'm always in on little orange soda.


They call it Late Night with Jason Kelsey premieres this Friday, January 3rd. Jaus. Jason Jauss. Jason, can you give us a tease or an anecdote? A tease or an anecdote? Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what to say. I think we're, we're gonna have, have some awesome guests on, on hand. Really the whole purpose of this show is to just celebrate and the sport of football. And you know, obviously we got playoffs coming up. This is the last week of the re regular season coming up. You know, it's just honestly an excuse to get together a bunch of guys and bullshit about a sport that we all love. Do a bunch of fun, creative comedy bits with some incredible writers. Being creative is, is just a joy.


And I think that we have between the band, between the audience, between the players and all the people that are gonna be there, I think it's just gonna be a lot of fun. Incredibly intimidated by it. I'm terrified of how this is gonna go. That's such a good feeling to have though. But at the same time, it makes you feel alive. I, there's something about being afraid that makes you excited. Right? Every time, man. So every Time Anyways. Yeah. Anyways. Well That's all, man. I'm happy as hell for you, brother. I can't wait. You said something about a band and now I'm, I gotta ask, are you breaking out the sacks? Listen, I got, you know what these, what this is? Nope, not focusing. I'm still too far away to be able to read that. Oh, you got some new, got some reads.


Got some reads. Well See, see it. It probably won't happen. Show one. I don't know. I Didn't plan, I didn't know pun intended. I didn't read that on the box. I just thought in my head, what could this possibly have to do with the saxophone and what Would be, yeah, the res, I bought some reads. I, I still, You know, I don't know when we got some plans. We'll see, we'll see what happens. I don't know if it's happen. Show one. We got some, there's a whole litany of things that could happen in this episode, episode. So anyways, excited Again. That's Friday, January 3rd, Ladies and gentlemen. They call it late Night with Jason Kelsey, the man, the Mytho legend. And we also will be back for our regularly scheduled episodes starting next week. Football schedule and the holidays threw us off a little bit with me playing on Christmas and having all these short games or short weeks back to back to back.


So it's making it a little tough to keep knocking these episodes out with you guys. But New Heights will be back talking all things NFL playoffs and whatever else comes next week. Sounds good Bubba. And that's it for new news brought to you by ACCELERATOR. Upgrade your energy and get you some, some of this orange ice pop shit's fucking popping son. All righty. Our guest today is a six foot guard from the University of Iowa, the NCAA all time division one scoring leader, the first pick of the WNBA draft WNBA assist leader All Star and 2024 WNBA Rookie of the Year.


She's the most requested guest in the history of our show and the Time Magazine Athlete of the Year. Woo. Miss Caitlin Clark, please welcome everyone. Yeah, I appreciate it. I'm excited. So I don't get excited about many things, but this, this was on the top of my list, So We made it Jason, we've made it. How Many accolades did we leave off? How many accolades do you have Right now at this point? Caitlin, I think you might have made some up. I don't know. Yeah, well I don't think so. I'm pretty sure on not. I feel like you're kinda like Wayne Gretzky for basketball Right now. It Gretzky. I mean, the amount, It's, it's, If you go to Wikipedia page feeling and you look at like the list of like awards and achievements, it's like endless.


It's so it's, yeah, we could, we had to limit it to this list just to get the show started. I appreciate it. Thank You. Is there any accomplishment I guess, of all these accolades that has meant the most to you? Oh gosh, that's a good question. Well, I'd give you the answer. My mom would say is probably academic, all American. She was proud of me for being a good student in college. So that's That answer. Nobody thought about that. Love that answer for mom. That's What I'm talking about. I did all right in school. So hung in there. But other than that, I mean they're all cool but you don't really care. It kind of just comes with it. It comes with having fun. And I think that the time athlete of the year was cool too, just because you see the list of like all the athletes that they've had prior to me and a lot of those people I idolized growing up and LeBron's been the only other basketball player.


So, yeah. And it's cool as a woman, like they haven't had many females on the cover too. So for women's sports it's kind of special, but you know, just kind of comes with playing the game and having fun as you guys know. That's awesome. I love it. What did you, what'd you study in college? What was the I was in the business school. I got my degree in marketing, so Oh, You business, you're a Marketing major? I'm a marketing major. I'm a marketing major. There we go. You, yeah, You guys, you guys are great at marketing. We're all right. God, me figure out bit, you gotta figure out, I gotta go on like dating shows just to get my name out there. I actually have a funny made the Dean's list like once in my life. Oh, did you? And it was, there we go.


It was when I got kicked, kicked out of school and it was a part of the criteria that I had to get that I had to reach back University just to stay on the team. And so you Were capable of doing it. Exactly. That's all that matters. Ed Kelsey always said I was capable. Just, you just have to focus. You have to, you have to, you have To give it your own. No, I, my mom was actually the one paying for my tuition at that point, so I had to make sure I did my mom right. I couldn't just throw away the grades knowing mom was paying for 'em. So That's Right. I shared that with my mother. I love, let's talk about your biggest accomplishment being a part of Chief's Kingdom. That's right. How, How long have you been a part of the Kingdom? I'm sorry, Jason, that's crush.


You apologize to me. I'm honorary member. I'm a Midwest kid. So there's this, there's this picture that's been circulating a co from CO a couple years ago when I was on Peyton Eli's Monday night show where I'm in a full chief's outfit. I had family in Kansas City and I grew up in Des Moines, Iowa, which is only three hours from Kansas City, so Oh yeah, that's just the, the closest NFL team. So my dad was a big Chiefs fan growing up. So people think I'm like a Bandwagon Chiefs fan. I'm like, no, I was there before, before Patrick and Travis. Like we were, you got Some, I love It. We were ride or dies. So we've been big fans and now obviously all the success you guys have had has made it a lot of fun for us. Who do you, who, who was your childhood?


Like My brother loved Tony Gonzalez. Like that was his Tony G Yeah. What a guy. So He was the chief. We would go to like one game a year growing up with my cousins down in Kansas City. Wow, that's so fun. And we still try to go, we went to the Christmas Day game last year, I think the year before. You might have played on Christmas Eve maybe. We went to that. We were sitting outside for that one. My, my toes were like about to fall off. My fingers got to Fall off. I don't get how you guys play in that type of weather, but it's fun. And like obviously We got heaters on the sideline. They let Us cheat. Yeah. Arrowhead. Arrowhead's not too bad. So good spot. Oh, it's a blast. You already know. Have you ever messed with those heaters on the sideline? Have you ever seen those things? So we played a basketball game outside in college, like an exhibition game.


Oh. And they had those on the sidelines and I was like, I didn't really never know what they were, but they had them. Yeah. And they're, they get so hot like dangerously. It's Too hot. It's too hot. I know I've, yeah, it's funny. You'll see, you'll see some guys throw on those winter coats. Yeah. And if they get too close to the heaters, you'll just hear 'em pop, they'll just like, Really? And you'll just see feathers start flying everywhere. It's crazy. Oh my gosh. I had to tell them to like, turn it off. I'm like, just let it be like a normal bench. Like Yes. I'm not, I'm out on, I'm out on the heaters. It has to be like below 20 degrees for me even to think about sitting on the heaters. That's why I'm sitting on the water coolers Right now. Every, every time we're off the field. I, I I hate it. I can't feel two hot For sure.


If I feel too hot, I'm gonna start to like, it's like a, a heated blanket or something. I'm gonna start falling asleep. I think they like said like, yeah, there's an air fire marshal like over there like watching make sure that it doesn catch on fire. Like Why, why don't we just planes come another thing. Yeah. Do our own safety check in. Just cut these things. Yeah. Yeah. So you said your brother, your brother's favorite player was Tony Gonzalez. Who is your favorite player? Or, or is Oh is, I mean obviously Travis is up there. Yeah. I made it. But I, I'm obviously a big Patrick fan too. How can You not be Like the both of you? You're pretty great. Oh, I'm here. But it's been fun and obviously I'm like, I've known Brett Veach for a while.


It's actually kind of crazy. So when I was in college, you know Brett Veach. Okay. We played the Big 10 tournament in Indianapolis and it was at the time of the combine. Wow. So Brett was staying in our hotel and that's kind of how I first like got to know him, like my sophomore year of college. Nice. And then we kind of have just stayed in touch ever since. So yeah. Brett's the man. Yeah. He is obviously done really well. And he's fun. He's cool too. So, Oh, the whole family is the Veech family's the best. Yeah. I, I Love seeing him. Good people. When I first got into the league, Veech was like Andy's assistant in Philadelphia. How crazy is that? So to See where he's at now and the success he's had, it's pretty awesome. Yeah. But Yeah, the Eagles had all this right there and there. Don't don't Shut up. I'm gonna do that. I'm not that talking about this Right now, guys.


Killing. We're doing just fine. You guys are doing doing great Right now. That's funny. All right. Travis earmuffs, put your earmuffs, take your earmuffs off. Take Your earmuffs. They technically are on. Okay, well take your earmuffs off all. What do we, what do we think about 2024 chiefs? Caitlin, what do we think about where the team's at? Don't I'm feeling Feeling good. You Feeling good? I'm feeling good. I mean we're what, 13 and 13 and one Right now. Pretty Good. Oh, it's someone say 13 and one That's, that's not too bad. But also like you guys have made it interesting as a fan. Like there We just keeping everybody At the edge of their team. I, I know and I think that's what I appreciate about you guys the most. And like you and Patrick especially is like you guys just have that edge to you, like that clutch factor and like a lot of people don't have that.


So when you get the ball with a minute 30, you need to go 80 yards and score. Like, I'm feeling pretty good. But We like the ball in Pat Mahomes hands for sure. We do our, our, our defense has been saving our ass a lot. Let, let alone our like feel go block team and our like team. Yeah. So it's been a full team effort this year. Is it 10 games consecutive one for like single score games or something like that? Yeah, I Don't know. There's like some crazy stats like the first team ever to do that. But Something like that. You killed it. Great performance. What, so last time night two Percenters saw you with Travis was the hes tour. Yeah. How was that? Oh that was so much fun. Electric. It's, it was great. My mom was like begging me to take her.


She's like, I, I gotta go. Like everybody's talking about it. I'm like okay. Okay. Yeah, it was right there in Indianapolis. Yeah. I literally lived right downtown too, like right next to Lucas Oil so I'm like nice the night I didn't go. I'm like such a cool stadium. I'm on my balcony trying to listen. But no obviously it's just a great show and a lot of fun and full Swifty turned my mom into a full Swifty now. Nice. Nice. Two my Were there too. So good time. Oh yeah, good time. Have was that, you mentioned that was like your second night going to it, right? Yeah, second night in a row and that was my third show. I went early on When Taylor first went on tour in Minnesota at US Bank.


Nice. One of her early concerts and that was a lot of fun. Went with some of my college friends and we had a, we had a good time together. It's hard, it's hard to not have a good time at the concert. I don't know how you couldn't have a good time or something like that. This is so fun man. Well we mentioned earlier that a few weeks ago you were named the Time Magazine Athlete of the Year time asked you to define your year in one word and you said historic. Mm. We can do better. We can give you two words to define your year. What would, what would they be If you could do that? Two words. Two words. That is hard. Yeah, one word easier And I can't use historic. Yeah, I mean I guess you can. It's your, it's your, it's your word definition.


It's Yours. Majorly historic I would say Like, I don't know, Life Changing maybe. That's a great one. I Like all in a good way. Like, I mean things just change really fast. Like as you guys know, like that's just how the world works and especially with social media, people see a lot of your life but that's what makes it it fun and why I've had so many cool opportunities too. So it's crazy. Like looking back at a year, a year ago today or around this time, like I was just beginning my senior year of college and obviously, you know, people knew who we were and people attended our games but it's obviously not on the magnitude that it is now. Yeah. So like life just changes fast but that's, that's what makes it fun and cool and you know, quickly started a new chapter of my life too.


Like moving here to Indianapolis and feel lucky I'm still in the Midwest. I know you guys like the Midwest. So I, I guess I, I've been in the Midwest my entire life. Jason's officially an east coaster now. Yeah. But Philly of all the east coast cities kind of has like some Midwest feel to it The most west of The east. I don't think Philly wants to hear that. They'll probably hate that I said that but whatever. Yeah, They're not gonna like that comment. They wanna be far from the Midwest No doubt. Exactly. I mean If it was just a crazy year because you go all the way up to the national championship game and then you're playing right away. Yeah. You know, one of my coaches early on in my career said, you know, your rookie year is always so hard because you're in a new city, you're in a new place, you're with a new team, new coaches, there's so much that's not part of the routine that you're so used to.


And you had that as like magnified. I mean are you looking forward this year to like kind of having some Like, I don't know, more of a routine familiarity? Yeah. You had the FA familiarity for Yeah, I mean it's just so unlike any other professional sport really from the standpoint of, so I played in the national championship and I basically went to the draft right after got picked and then you basically pack up and move like you're moving in April, you don't even finish senior year of college. And I guess for you guys like what was it, you go to the combine, how long do you have to prepare for the combine? Few months and then yep you then you get drafted and you got, still got a little time to get acclimated to the new city for sure. You know, you have camp whatever like it's not like that.


Like camp for us is like a week and a half right. And then play go. Yeah. But I Think it was good a little bit too, like you don't have time to overthink things. Like it's just like sure go boom, boom, boom. Like you're just on to the next. Right. But at the same time, like you don't, like I feel like I never really ended the chapter of college. Like it was just like you right and left, but maybe that's good. Yeah. You don't have a lot of time to think about it. So I think that's definitely the, the weirdest part of you know, women's professional basketball And obviously college basketball too is just that change. But that's kind of how it has to be too. So it's just different. But I think I feel lucky too 'cause we had the Olympic break so I got a month off in the middle of the season 'cause we had to pause the WNBA season because you know, the 12 girls go, go and play in the Olympics and everybody else you're not doing much.


So got like a month off, which I really needed obviously 'cause I had been playing basketball for just a year straight. But obviously so much different from the NFL or the NBA or whatever it is. I remember my coming into the NFL, one of the biggest challenges for me was like kind of like finding my like professionalism in a sense. I, I was such a leader on my team at Cincinnati at least I felt like I was like the, the main one of the voice of the team. And when I got to Kansas City there was guys that had just been perennial pro bowlers and guys that had already had that culture set. And then on top of that, coach Reed and I, I struggled trying to find my lane and like really like feeling like I could give a piece to the team or like find a role on the team Did Was there anything like that that happened to you early on knowing that it all happened so fast?


For Sure. And like you come in as a rookie and like you said, like you're trying to figure out a new environment, new teammates. Like you don't wanna say too much, you don't wanna say too little and it's just so hard. But like in my scenario, and obviously you guys too, like you're already highly thought of like people are turning to you to like be something or be someone. So it's hard like you're trying to find your get your feet wet but also not do too much. And I think that's kind of what I struggled in early on is Like, I don't know what to say. I don't know how to say it. I don't know how they're gonna react For not knowing. You nailed it well yeah, But also like I had a lot of really good vets around me too. So I feel very grateful for that. And we had a fairly young team too, so like people had been through it fairly recently so they knew how I felt.


But like I feel like that definitely is a huge challenge and that that goes for whatever professional sport like you're trying to learn but also people are looking at you like you gotta perform and like be what they drafted you to be and that can be tough. Yeah. I remember Jason, you got tossed into the, into the fire early your rookie year and especially because you guys didn't even have offseason the Workouts. Yeah, So we, we missed the whole offseason workout and If you weren't a first or second day pick, you didn't get the playbook. So I got the playbook like two days before training camp. So we just started right from there. But that was one thing you mentioned the vets and I think, you know, there's, for me at least, there was a lot, some vets are were were incredible.


Some of the vets obviously are competing for jobs. So there's a little bit there but you lean so much as a young player on your vets and you lean so much from like even just like in Philly there's so many great players that played for the Eagles that like Harold Carmichael who was a legendary Philadelphia Eagle was like always around and willing to lend advice or anything. Did you have many former players or current players like reach out to you that really helped you in transitioning into the WNBA? Yeah there was, you know, quite a few. Somebody that I, that comes to the top of my head is Tamika Catchings who was an MVP in the WNBA. Yep. Yeah, she won their championship here I think, I wanna say 2012 when the fever won their championship.


She was like, what made the Indiana fever really good? Like that was our prime, that was when we were really good. And then after Tamika retired, the fever kind of went down a little bit as every team does. Once your, you know, franchise player retires and moves away from basketball and she's still really big here in the Indianapolis community and she was one of the first people to text me after I got picked and still checks in on me. So it's cool. Awesome. That's cool. It's somebody that's not in your building every single day but Right. Means so much to your community and to the organization and to have that like she's like a legend her, her number's up in the rafters, like that's somebody I idolize and looked up to and for her to just take, you know, two seconds to check in on me and see how I'm doing and that's obviously really special.


So I would certainly say her and we still have that relationship and it's still growing and she still comes around now and then and her championship trophy that she won, like sits in our locker room, it's like right next to my locker. I'm like great. The coaches probably Play that little motivation for this. Yeah, Right. Hey So I have to no Pressure. Yeah. So I have to look at it every day. These are the shoes. It's got like its own like glass case. I'm like great. Oh Yeah, better. Hell yeah. Better. Just a little motivation. Just this is what we're working for. No doubt. Absolutely. So, But yeah, We were not drafted in the first round. What was it like being a first round pick? Oh well I Like the first pick I should say. So it's crazy. Like I, yeah because of Covid I could have actually gone back to school for a fifth year.


What were you considering that? Well, Early on. Yes. And so It looked like you're having a good old time over there at, I hope I'm not gonna lie, it looked like you were having a Good time. I mean it's college like you're there with your friends and like the game's just easier. Like it's just how it is. And there you don't want that chapter of your life to end. Like it's fun. I hear you, you do fun things. I hear you. You guys know how it is and yeah, it's easygoing and whatever. When I imagine, I imagine that decisions probably made, made even harder now that there is NNIL. Like when Travis told I played like there was no ability to make any money For sure. It was like way different. Crazy. I get Yeah, Hundred Percent but capitalize on this check. But yeah, so I was like kind of considering that, but then I got to the point where I was like, yeah, I'm totally leaving. Like I, I know this is gonna be the end for me.


Just like I felt very content in that. And then obviously like I had a very good feel that I was probably gonna be the first pick. But like you're still sitting there and like you, everybody gets nervous and jittery no matter where you're projected or what you're gonna be like, this is a moment you've always dreamed of as a kid. Oh, Jason was a train wreck. Are you kidding me? He was. Guy was pacing back and forth in the room. Yeah. Like how did you guys feel going into going into the draft? We, I knew, yeah, I guess Travis do you wanna I guess I'll go first. Yeah, we'll go chronological. I'll go first then you go. All right. Alright. So first day I wasn't doing anything 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna get drafted the first draft. I was just like, man, this is cool. Watching the draft. Yeah. Draft second day for, for I think the later on guys you have your agent is like taking any inkling of like positivity you can.


So he is like, there's a chance you'll go in the third round even though there's no chance you'll go the third round. So I'm like watching that, I'm like, all right. But the third day Trav, me, Trav mom and dad, uncle Don, we all went bowling. 'cause I didn't wanna sit there and watch it go by and watch a bunch of people get picked that like, it's like just pissed me off even more. So it's like, all right, I'll just go bowling, ignore it and somebody will call me at some point we finished bowling and I still hadn't got a call. So it was super awkward. It was like, all right, let's just go back back to the house. We, we Paid, we paid for the two hours. Yeah. So we did the two hours. Now we Keep, do we keep fucking rolling these Things So we get drafted now. Yeah. So it was like the sixth round we went back to my house and then, you know, finally got a call from a a six one oh number I believe it was.


Or was it 2 1 6? 2 1 5? I Think it was. Yeah, it might've been 2 1 5. Either way. Philadelphia area code popped up and so it all kind of went down there. Dad came rushing in crying, crying, Aw there's nothing better than, and then you can hear when it finally, 'cause I was in a separate room and they were all in the living room, living room room kind of watching on tv. And I was still on the phone. And then I knew when they all knew 'cause they all started cheering in the living room. So that was exciting. But it was nerve wracking until the moment you get picked and then it's like Right, you forget about all the other crap. You're just like, yeah, I'm in the NFL now. Yeah, my situation was a little different 'cause I did have the year that I missed playing, but that ended up being the year that I switched into the tight end room.


So it was, it was a perfect match for me. That's when I really thought that, oh wow. I actually love this game. Like before I was just back there playing the old backyard sport. Now I like have Like, I don't know, I felt like I could give more to the game, give more to the team. I was in Pittsburgh 'cause that's where my agent was, had all the friends and family out. I knew first round wasn't there, but I always thought in the back of my mind I, I could like all the tight ends that were, that were gonna get drafted, I could play with those guys. You know, I might not have shown on film that I'm better than 'em, but I know that I'm, I've shown that I could play in the NFL just as much as they can. Right. Yeah. I ended up just getting kind of like Jason said, getting told that maybe second round here, if this guy doesn't get picked, they're thinking about you.


And and finally got a call from a Missouri number thinking I was going to St. Louis. 'cause I had no idea that Kansas City was even in Missouri. And from there it was, it was Coach Reed on the phone telling me, you better not mess this up. You didn't. Yeah. That's all. No I didn't. I almost did a few times. How many rounds are there in the NFL draft? What like So there's seven now? Seven. Yeah. Yeah. It's been seven for a long time. There used to be like something crazy. Yeah. It used To be's, it's like NLB where they had like a thousand rounds. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Insane. But yeah, now it's seven and then undrafted. And really once it gets to like this later round, sometimes it's better to even be undrafted. Yeah. So you can just try to choose, you can pick a good situation to go to.


Exactly. Yeah. You can get autonomy in that. But yeah. What was harder? High school, college or going from college to the pros? Oh, That's a good question. Yeah. Well my high school to college transition was so weird because it was covid. So like, I didn't even know when I was gonna go to college. Oh gosh. It's just like, I didn't even like technically graduate high school like I did obviously, but like I didn't ever walk really. We had like an, an outdoor thing, but other than that like it was, it was so weird. And then like two weeks before they're like, we're in the summer and Iowa was like, yeah like we want you to come to campus. And literally the only people there were like us in the football team in men's basketball. Wow. It was so weird. Like in the dorms it was literally just athletes in the dorms.


No RAs. It was like a huge like mansion with just college kids running wild. I'm Not gonna lie. That sounds, It does sound Fun. So much fun. Sign me up. It was a bit concerning but it was also, it was a lot of fun. I don't know if they knew that. I still don't think they know that that was the situation. At least that was the situation where on few floors that I was near. But yeah, it was a good time honestly. And nice. It was just so weird. Like I didn't have that normal college experience. Like I think my first semester, like I was taking everything online, just trying not to get covid 'cause we're testing every day and just trying to play. Yeah. And Gosh, thank God we're out of that. I know. So just kind of crazy. But, and then obviously going from college to the pros, I think it's just like the time span.


That's just what's so weird about it. It's just so short and condensed. Like you don't have much time. But yeah, at that point it's, it is what it is. Everybody has to deal with the same thing. So that's why I told myself is like, there's no no point in complaining. Everybody's dealing with it. It's not any different. It's a good mindset to have. Yeah. What's your, what's your welcome to the WNBA moment If you could have one. Ooh, Welcome to the WI Tell people this, I, it was early on, I wanna say it was like our 10th game of the year we're playing in New York for celebrity who ended up winning the championship this year. Yep, Yep. And somebody set a screen on me and like, I hit my ear like just perfect on, on the girl where like my eardrum popped and like ruptured. Ooh. And I Knew it.


I knew it right away 'cause I've done it before and I was just like, it hurts so bad. I don't know If you guys have ever done that, but how, How done it done? How did you do it before? And I guess can, I guess I Was too. Oh yeah. I guess it was very Midwestern. You did it in water. You did it in water. Something with water. I got, Yeah, I got launched off two. Why did you just get so excited? What are you some brain, that's How I did mine. I went off the diving boy and tried to do as many flips as I could and smacked my side of my head in the Heights high school swimming pool. Yeah. Jason was a male swim cadet, so he had to be performative. This Wasn't during swim cadet. Don't put me on blast like that, Travis. That's funny. But yeah, I got launched off a tube in the middle of a lake.


I was like underwater. I'm like, am I? Okay. That's the Midwest stuff right there. But yeah, so that was my, my welcome to the w moment. Wait, so when you pop that pop your drum, what happens to that? There's like, not really much you can do. It takes like months to heal. So like after the season the doctor had to like go back in and look and see If it closed and If it doesn't close you have to have like a minor procedure. But looking enough it closed. So I was fine, but oh, thank gosh. Yeah, you have to like be careful about like getting water in there. You can't go on lakes and pools. Like it's, it's, it's weird. Sometimes it'll bleed when it pops, but mine didn't. Thankfully. So yeah, it's just really annoying that like your hearing is like really off. And Jason, you probably noticed like your hearing's just kind of off for like a few, few weeks.


Yeah, it's like muffled and just like, feels weird for sure. Yeah. What, because you brought this up 'cause you're from the Midwest. I love the fact that you hurt your ear tubing. What is, are you a lakes or are you an ocean? We're big. We're at, we're pro outside because Kyle's Big time ocean and I'm, I, I'm out number. I love both. It's hard 'cause like my family would al always vacation down to Florida. Like that's for spring break. Like that's what we would do. I'd go with my cousins. So like, we loved the beach. My parents are beach people, but like you just grow up around lakes in the Midwest. Like you just, that's what, that's what you do What beach down there in Florida? St. Pete's on Spot. St. Pete. Nice. We were Marco Island. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So that was our spot.


But I love lakes and they're just easier and I'm not as scared going in the water. Like I'm not going to it in the ocean for Sure. I don't know what's down there. I'm not Messing with that salt water And a lake. You feel a little more confident, But yeah. Is a snake gonna get me? How about you guys? Doubt it. I'm the lake guy for sure. Yeah, I mean, like you said, I like both. We actually, we have a a, a shore town in, in, in Jersey they call it the shore. Jersey Shore. Jersey Shore. Not, not the North Jersey shore, not the S show. We're South Jersey. We're ca I've been, we're civilized Down there in South Jersey. All the shores over there in Jersey are the same. Every last One of them. He's trying to hype one off over the other.


Yeah. But yeah, we've, I do love the shore. I love the ocean. And we used to and we grew up going to Florida. But there's just something about lakes and I in particular, I like four season lakes. I like when the lake freezes over. We played hockey growing up. I like going on snowmobiles. I like the summers. I like hiking. Like I think there's so much big Hiker. Alright. I-I-I-I-I have been hiking and I enjoy it. That's his new hobby. He picked it how to pick it up. I didn't know you were a hike. Well you did. You've hiked Mount Mount Kilimanjaro. That's right. I'm lighter Now. He's a retired athlete. He just picks up hobbies. God. Alright. We don't need to put me on blast. All right, here we go.


Thanks again to our presenting sponsor, AUDIBLE. This new year. Let AUDIBLE expand your life by listening. That's right. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive AUDIBLE originals that inspire and motivate you all in one easy amp Look, maybe you want to kick a bad habit or start a good one. Listening to AUDIBLE can help you reach the goals you set for yourself. All you have to do is open the app and whatever your focus or interest is, you find the the titles for it. It's that simple. Like Atomic Habits by James Clear, great book Outlive the Science and Art of Longevity by Peter. Also a good book Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing, and much, much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash new Heights.


If you have watched this show the last few weeks, you know ACCELERATOR has been hooking it up. Oh And once again they're hooking it up on Amazon. This may be the best one we've seen yet. Everyone go to amazon.com and use the code 10 bucks off, that's the number 10. And then the words bucks off to get 10% off. One case of ACCELERATOR through Wednesday, January 8th. Everyone knows how we stay energized. And I'm telling you, If you have not tried this, go try it now. It's zero sugar, it's plant-based thermogenics. It's delicious and it has also proven to increase your metabolism and focus. Amazon makes it too easy to not try our favorite drink.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking ALLSTATE first. Like during the holidays when you get a gift. But forget to buy the batteries Or when you head out to celebrate New Year's. But forget to bring the champagne. Checking first is smart. So check ALLSTATE first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with ALLSTATE. This content is attended. For audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply ALLSTATE fire and casualty insurance company in affiliates in Northbrook, Illinois.


You guys played hockey? I didn't even know that. Yeah, Jason played a little longer than I did. Once I got to high school, I switched over to basketball 'cause it was the same season. Trav hurt the entire Cleveland Heights hockey community because he was the best hockey player Shut Up Ever in Cleveland Heights. Youth hockey, he was very dominant. And then when he chose basketball it just really deflated. You Had to be a pretty solid basketball player. I just couldn't dribble. We were known for basketball and all the basketball games were absolutely rocking. Really sold out. Yeah. And I had, I had hoop dreams so I chose basketball. But yeah, I definitely, I definitely loved playing hockey the most.


Hockey was so much fun. It was probably because of the guys that I played it with more so than actually getting out there. But yeah. Yeah, That's half of the youth teams I was on anyways. But yeah, I just liked, I like to put a helmet on. You get on the ice and play a little or what Were you always a hooper or what other sports did you play? I played soccer growing up it was soccer and basketball. That's honestly like, that's right. Hockey isn't really that big in Iowa. Like it wasn't really a big thing. Which is kind of weird like you Think it would be, but it was more of nobody really did it. I Feel like wrestling's, wrestling's so big in Iowa. So like all the guys wrestling, huge Wrestling is huge. Like all the Iowa football players like usually are really good high school wrestler. Tristan wfs. Yep.


Freaking Tyler Linden Maum. Yep. Jason Wrestler. Really athletic but big and athletic. Yeah. Great wrestlers, state champion wrestlers. Doesn. But that would be like freak o linemen or like good tight ends or whatever it was. Yeah. I love watching me two big old muscle bounds wrestle it out. Just nothing better. You heavy weights. I wanna see the heavy weights. That's funny. How did you end up at Iowa? You almost ended up at Notre Dame. I did, Yeah. What, what led nice to the decision to go to Iowa. So I was, I basically narrowed it down pretty early on when I was going through my college recruitment that I wanted to be like in the Midwest. Just kind of a homebody family person. Just wanted to stay fairly close to home.


So that narrowed a lot of stuff down. And I visited like Oregon and Texas and a few other places and I liked 'em but it was just like I knew it was too far and then visited Notre Dame a bunch of times and I was like, I love Notre Dame. And I like as a kid, like you wanna go to Notre Dame? Like it's the same with Notre Dame football. It's like, it's like the coolest thing in the world. Percent. It's Notre Dame, it has that tradition. They've had so many great players go through there in every single sport. But like I just knew like something like you could just like, I could feel it in my gut. Like I was like, ah, I'm not supposed to go there. Yeah. So I, I picked Iowa and we were, Iowa was really good at women's basketball before I went there too. Like made a few sweet sixteens, made the lead eight. Our coach had been there for quite a while but they hadn't been to the final four since like 1992.


So I wanted to go somewhere that was good but like maybe hadn't been like a blue blood per se in like quite a few years. And yeah, had to help them get back to that. And then it was obviously my home state too and two hours from where I grew up. So perfect distance were like your parents can't show up but also like you can go home If You wanted to. No doubt. Of course. Yeah. It's Important. It just kind of all worked out perfect. And obviously I, I made a okay decision and it worked out pretty well but Worked out real well. Yeah, it did. Did you take visits to Notre Dame and Iowa? Yeah, I took Was that a quite a few to both? Yeah. Okay. What was your guys' dream schools growing up? Or did you even have one? Because I like, I wouldn't even say Notre Dame was like my dream school.


It was more so like, I just thought it was super cool. Like it just sounds Cool. No, for sure. I Would say dad, dad was a big Notre Dame fan. He grew up Catholic and he went to Catholic school growing up. And I think that like anybody who was like Irish Catholic, like that's like the, like that's, that's the, especially in the football world. And then Ohio State was really good. Yeah. High school. Ohio State was probably the, the one school that I was like as a kid I was like that's the school. No you like Michigan, you just stop. I Michigan you were always in Michigan fan. You can't like Michigan and Ohio State. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Caitlyn the thing the thing is is I can, I can And I did. He Liked the helmet. I Mean you can, but like Michigan and Ohio State fans are not gonna be happy about that.


Exactly. I didn't Go to either one of 'em. So it's all good. I will say this was when he was younger. This was when he was younger. By the time he was high school he was on the Ohio State. Like Yeah. It was just like, anyways, Ohio State Stadium is legit. When we would go to play Ohio State, I would be like, we would drive past and I'm like, it would make Iowa Stadium look so small and it still seats 70,000 but like that place is just gigantic. Yeah, I I do love Iowa Stadium though. Yeah. There's something like very awesome there. Obviously the thing they do at the Children's hospital Yeah. Is awesome. The wave is really cool. What's, I'm trying to remember the name of it. I, I watched the game. I took a visit to Iowa Kennick. Yeah, Kinnick. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Kennick. Yep. Great atmosphere.


It's great. And the wave is pretty awesome 'cause the children's hospital looks right over on the, on the stadium. So it, it's cool. It's always been, been a thing but the wave has really become a thing probably in the last eight years I wanna say. 'cause we have a kid captain for every game. 'cause the hospital's such a big deal and it's usually a kid battling some sort of disease or has beaten some sort of disease. Not always cancer but whatever it is. And that's always fun. They get to pick a song that plays after the first quarter and I get the chills every time. It's, it's sick. It's probably one of the best traditions in all of sports, if not the best, honestly. Wait, so what do you, what's this thing about the wave? The wave just started. So yeah, so after the first quarter everybody turns 'cause the, the children's hospital like looks on top of the football stadium.


Right. And every, so I, I remember seeing them wave. Yeah. The Patients. Oh I thought you were talking about, I thought you were talking about the wave, like started a wave incorporating the wave. I mean Maybe we could get that started too. Maybe you're onto, so something Jason, Iowa fans are gonna be fired up now. They're gonna be doing the it at the same time. Exact. That's all so stupid. But No, it's really Cool. We, we heard you got your first recruiting letter in seventh grade. Yeah. Is this true? Yeah. So at the time like That's insane. That's insane. Were you Playing with high schoolers at this Point? Yeah, it's honestly sad. Like where college like recruitment has kind of gone. It's just insane.


But also I got, I feel very fortunate, like my parents were just like, they told my older brother like, go get the mail. Like we don't want your sister to see that. They like wanted me to be in seventh grade and like enjoy middle school and like heck yeah hang out with your friends. That's like, you shouldn't be worrying about love where you're gonna college. I love that so much. Yeah, so I didn't really take any visits until like after my freshman year of college. And then I didn't decide until my senior year. So I was never in a rush. And my parents did a really good job of like make sure, You know, I have a good circle around me. Like it wasn't always about college recruitment. I wasn't like posting my offers. Like also that wasn't really a thing when I was growing up. So, But it is now. I mean I, it it was, it had to be close to when you were growing up. I mean Yeah It was close.


Like people were starting to do it like post like oh I got an offer from here. I got an offer from here. And especially in basketball Now is all you see on social media. That's like only people talk about it's crazy. But obviously times have changed too but Oh, times have changed. Yes. Seventh grade was wild and I was playing up like two years so I was playing with high schoolers. But yeah, I didn't really like think anything of it. Like I was just going out there and hooping and having fun and it's kind of just what came with it. How much basketball did you play? Because nowadays like these kids play it's like nonstop. It's like I know. I know. It's crazy. It's crazy. Yeah, it is crazy. And I, so I played a a u and then I played for my high school team but my a my mom would be like, she's not playing more than like three games or two games in one day.


Like that's crazy. 'cause sometimes they would want me play. No you get crazy for the seventh grade team and the eighth grade team so. Oh wow. My parents were like really good about that. Like they didn't want me to lose the love of it. Like you don't wanna get burned out. Like you still wanna be having fun when you're doing it as a pro if you're lucky enough. And smart parents maybe as a kid I was like mom, no, like I can keep going. Like I can keep playing but looking back like I'm very fortunate for that because I haven't lost that fun of it and that passion for it and always wanting to get better and sometimes that's why people get burned out is 'cause they did it too much as a kid and their parents forced it on 'em or whoever forced it on 'em too much and that was never something I really had to deal with. So I feel very fortunate Gotta have that balance. That's awesome that your parents, you know, made sure of that or at least were cautious of it.


Yeah, Absolutely. I think the only recruitment letter Travis got in seventh grade was to Saint Ignatius. Saint Ignatius was just trying to get him over to the high school. To play. To play. Yeah. To play hockey. Is That what it was for? Yeah, they nobody, that's the only sport anybody wanted me in seventh grade. Seventh, eighth grade Was that, that and lacrosse. We need the hockey highlight tape. We're gonna get back out there. We're we, we gotta get out there with the watts. That's the goal. We gotta get out there with TJ and JJ and all those dudes. Yeah. Alright, let me ask you this. We're gonna try the segment. We've never done it. It's probably gonna be very short-lived. It's called Name a person. Name a person. We're gonna go around the horn and each name an athlete from Iowa until we can't anymore.


Oh gosh. I feel like you're probably not gonna struggle. Can you name current players? No. No. They Just have to be an athlete. Has to be former players. Can they be current? No, they can be former. They have to be former. Have To be former. No Current. No, they can be. They could be current. I'm gonna Try to like NFL current players see if I can do, okay. All right. You might beat us in that too. Travis has like the, actually we both really have the positions so let's see how that happens. All alright, who's starting? I'll start. George Kittle. I knew that was gonna be the first person he was gonna say. I'm Gonna say Sam Laporta just to take Travis's answers away from him before. Okay, I'm gonna go Tyler Linder Bba on the raid. No, That's Ooh, nice. I love it. Nice.


I'm gonna go Claire Kittle. Tristan wfs. That's right. Solid answer. The equals actually rookie Kuber Deje for my Oh, Nice. Nij. What? What about Out force? TJ Haan. Ah, that's right. I always forget about him. Was he's on the Vikings right? Yes, yes. He's finally back healthy doing his thing. That's Awesome. One of The best in the league. I'm get a throwback here. I'm gonna get a throwback. Throwback. Robert Gall, His wife actually played basketball at Iowa too. What? Look at that. That's Yeah, they actually came to quite a few of our games last couple of years. Great people. Cool people. Nice. Oh gosh. Okay. Let's see. Hmm.


Hmm. This is tough. We stumped her. We s stumped her. No, I'm thinking about NFL players. She been Think it an NFL. She knew all. Dang. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go Gino Stone. I think he, I think he's on the Bengals now. I'm pretty sure he had to pick six this past week. Ooh, All alright, I'll go Gino Ford. I'll take All right, we Sec. We respect Gino. What'd you go Trent? I'm I'm gonna go a little chiefs tight end. When I first got to Kansas City, Tony Moki. Oh, okay. Oh my Dog. My shy town brother. Shout out to Timo man. I'm gonna go another former teammate. Julian Vanderbilt. E Julian Vanderbilt e Geez. No way. Did anybody say Dallas Clark? No, the legend.


I Was holding onto that One. No gloves. No gloves. The man. I'll go, I'll stay in the tight end world over there. Noah Fan. That's right. Seahawks, I think. Yes. Is that Yep. Eight, seven over there in Seattle. All, all, All right. I'm going, I'm gonna go Marshall Yonda This dude out. I'm pulling up the, I'm pulling up the, the old schools. Go ahead. I'm gonna go ri Moss on the Broncos. I'm, I'm going with the younger players, not the one that were in school with me. Well, I'll show my age and Jason's as well because he was the same recruiting class. He was also a Kansas City chief when I got to Kansas City. Ricky Stanzi, quarterback Iowa.


Okay. Oh man. This might be right. This is where it ends. This might be Pretty sure. That was pretty good. I'm pretty sure Matt Tobin, I'm pretty sure Matt Tobin played for Iowa. I'm pretty, pretty sure I, I'm next to positive. That's Then you lost if you're pretty sure you lost. All right, we'll end it there. I think we all did. Very respectful. We Did, we did great. I'm impressed. That was fun. That was fun. I would, who would've caught, Oh, with Iowa I knew it to. Alright, there we go. That was a fun one. All right. What was your, what was one of your most favorite memories from playing at Iowa though? Ooh, That's tough. There's a lot. Yeah. Maybe one that, that everyone doesn't know about. So every four years in, in college basketball you get to take a foreign trip and you like go and play some teams overseas like in the summer before your season.


What? Oh, This sounds like that's fun. That's great. So we went to Italy and Croatia like two great spots. Would you like more? Which one? Which one would you like More? Oh honestly, Croatia. I've heard that. I've heard Croatia is awesome. So people, It's great. I went to split and do Nik. It's awesome. And I tell people, I'm like, If you, If you're gonna go one place like overseas, like that has to be the spot. It's clean the water's beautiful things to do. Oh That's cool as hell. Food's great. Nice. The basketball like wasn't that serious. We'd beat everybody but like 80. But it was just like so much fun. Like we had like we had so many fun nights together and You guys were like the dream team over there. Yeah. Like people don't get to hear about like those type of memories with your friends, like your college friends.


And we had, Oh my gosh, what Is it? What we imagine growing overseas with Croat. Croatians The, we found out we just recently, yeah we did. Found out we were Croatian. We didn't, That's why I, I got so excited when you said Croatians. I like, yeah he's that guy's some blood. That's me. That's funny. We talked about NIL earlier. How much did that change when that became a thing your senior year because you were unique where when you first got to college it wasn't a thing and all of a sudden it became a thing? It Became a thing after my freshman year and it was kind of weird 'cause like everybody was like, okay, so like what is it? And like trying To maneuver, You know, the ncaa, like they don't have many rules on much anymore. So like right. There weren't many rules and it was more so like okay, like what can we do?


What can we don't, can we not do? And like we're also the first so like you're trying to figure it out as you go. My family helped me a lot but as you get going, you know, you just figure things out and it's fun and like, and it obviously has been, should have been a thing for a really long time. Like the NIL part of it. Like the true like endorsements, like you're doing a commercial for. Yeah. You know, the local coffee shop or like whatever it is. Like it's something so easy and so simple and I think, you know, like a normal student can do that but like why couldn't an athlete like it's just like such a simple thing that should have been a thing for a long time. But yeah. Right. Also it was like cha challenging to navigate and it still is like seeing these college students that I get, they don't have the right resources around 'em and Right.


It's tough. It's, it's stinks. Like it's hard and, and I think that's kind of like something that needs to kind of become, I don't know, more prevalent. And I know universities are trying to start like having in-house like NIL people or whatever it is or in-house lawyers or whatever it is to kind of try to manage that. So they're doing the best they can too. But obviously there's not many guidelines or rules so it makes it hard as well. But doubt it obviously changed a lot and it's made it fun and I think it's also helped women's sports grow too. I think you've seen Yeah, it's a great point. Yeah. Women's sports has blown up with the NIL stuff. That's such a good, yeah, Everyone's becoming more familiar. Yeah, Absolutely. So it's been, it's been great for everybody honestly. Nice.


Have you ever heard of anybody? You're a little, you're a little bit closer to the NIL world. Have you heard of anybody paying their taxes? 'cause that's what in my mind I'm like, I know I definitely wasn't fucking ready to pay taxes when I was in college. Like I wasn't thinking about that shit. I know that's what I always think about. And lucky enough I had like obviously great parents and people that helped me with that but like Right, these people are like getting this money and like little do they know like you're not, you're gonna see like maybe half of that Especially. Yeah. And so I don't know. It blow my mind and like they're spending and like you just worry. But If you guys got to pick any NIL deal in college, what are you going with?


Ooh, Adri Coach's Pizza. I should sell that shit in a heartbeat. I used to go there every fucking day. If you're ever around University of Cincinnati, go on up there to Clifton and then have some Adriano's pizza. Get you a Bearcat pizza. It's one of the best. All Right, I'm gonna do it. I like it. If I'm going for business wise, you wanna get in the the p and g family, Proctor and Gamble, you're gonna go there. That's a marketing major right there. Brands Answer is go to the biggest brand in the city. The biggest col like oversight of all these brands. We need something like a little more, I'll say this, I would go a little, yeah like selfishly the one that I would do would be Skyline. 'cause just like it's such a representation for Cincinnati.


Very area. Well do yourself a favor. Don't go and don't you absolutely hate It. Don't do it. It's very Acquired. You have to be, you have to drink it at least three or you have to eat it at least three or four times and you're drunk to really, truly Appreciate it before you actually Enjoy it. Okay. I've actually, I've seen Jason eat more Penn station at the University of Cincinnati than I did Skyline. So we have Penn Station here. Penn station's Good. Penn Station is good, Bad. One of the best cheese steaks in the land. Great cheese steak. What do you think about that Jason as a Philly guy? Is it this You're gonna put me on blast 'cause I love Penn Station cheese steaks and ki this is a heated debate between Kylie and I. Uhoh You're about to divide a family. Caitlyn, Kylie. I took her to Penn Station.


I have a cheese steak. I'm like you're gonna love this cheese steak. It is so good. And she was like, this is a cheese steak sandwich. This is not a cheese steak. I'm like, what the hell? You can just like switch it. You can't. It's the same ingredients. It's the same thing. Yeah. She could not stand. It was like flabbergasted that this thing would even be called a cheese steak. So I do love Penn Station cheese steaks, but I, you know, I'm Philadelphia. Kai likes the nacho cheese on the cheese steak though. So That's a little, see don't like cheese. She does Do that. Like cheese. She does American stuff. I'm not gonna let you do this to Kylie. The one thing that I think everybody's a little bit with is the transfer portal, right? Like there's a kid, Penn State like more recently, what is it? The starting quarterback just announced he's transferring right before the playoffs.


Yeah, I saw that. I was Think it was are backup, but like Oh was it? Okay. Sorry. But he played in a few games even like quite a few games. 'cause I think Drew Owler or whatever his name is got hurt or something. That's What it was. But Yeah, the transfer portal was crazy. Especially in football. Like I think that's where it's gotten the craziest it is because that's obviously where all the Money's at. He's just, everybody's a free agent every year. This Is not just, I like every year it's like twice a year. Right? Adam Scheffer's like reporting like yes, they've negotiated a new deal for him to stay at the university. I'm like, yeah, like where else is he gonna go? I, it's like crazy and it's kind of sad. Like I like it just you lost that little bit of Like, I don't know, amateurism of college sports and I don't, that's why it's so fun.


But also like it's the world we're living in like The level right below being a profession like that. Like that I know. I don't know. Get ready For the, it's it's like a minor league football basically now. Yeah, That's exactly what it is. I don't know. I what do you guys think about the transfer portal? Do you think there should be like different rules? I'm too old school. I didn't get the opportunity to transfer. So I think that, I don't think that people should be leaving before the playoffs. I think that they should figure that out. Yeah. I, I kind of think that there should be a commitment level from the player to the university that there isn't Right now. And I don't know if that means signing like term contracts. Like maybe it's like a two, three year contract that you're like agreeing to stick with a team or a university as long as there's not like a coaching change.


That's what I thought it was. I thought it was the, the original reason why they came up with the transfer portal was one because of covid, but two because coaches just were up and leaving and players were being forced to just be there with whoever came in. Yeah. Knowing that they, the new coaching staff wasn't the ones that really wanted them or recruited them so they were kind of put on the back burner. I I think if a coach leaves then a player or whoever on the team gets to be able to enter the transfer portal. But it's for Sure It should, it should go back to the old rules. If you ask a, a old timer like me to where If you transfer, you have to sit out a year. I know, I agree. I don't know. Or, or I think like you get one free pass Every situation's different, but just for Sure.


Or you get a free pass if your coach leaves or Whatever. I think that makes, that makes a ton of sense. Having one free. Yeah. But now we got people on like their fourth school and their seventh year. It's just getting re it's getting egregious Insane. I was, I was being a kid and when NCAA football, the video game came out, I was like, I just have to, I have to buy that, I have to play this, I have to act like I went to every university and then I was like, oh, I don't have to just go and create a new like player. I can just transfer. So I played at four different schools, won the Heisman at each school and I'm just like, man, could you imagine a player doing this? Because NIL if he wins the Heisman like early on enough, like he's gonna get or they're gonna get enough money to stay, to stay at their like stay college.


Yeah. Yeah. To stay in college for as long as they want or as long as they're eligibility to let him. And what do you have to say in college for three years in college football three. What, what do you guys think about that? You think that's good or you Think it should Go? That should remain. That should Remain. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm kind of in favor of that. Yeah. I also, I don't know, I don't like restricting kids like if they're good enough go but there's like a physicality that I feel like is still like very different. Yeah. But it, it'll get to the point where it's not even the physicality. It'll just be guys will leave knowing that they have the potential to become that. You know what I mean? So guys will just like get drafted based off of potential even more. Right?


All Right now Happy New Year. Not at two Percenters. The NFL playoffs are around the corner and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor SeatGeek who are back for their third season with new Heights And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. Ooh, do We get 10% off any ticket on SeatGeek? Whether you're a new customer or not with the code New Heights That works for sports concerts, comedy shows going to see a playoff game at Arrowhead or maybe even a college football playoff game. How about that? How about it? SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10, look for those green dots. Green means good and red means not so good but still a good ticket. So save Yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek app and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter If you used SeatGeek before. That's code New Heights for 10%. Off terms do apply


This year. Healthy habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and it's convenient and your dog will absolutely Love it. Developed by board certified nutritionalist. The farmer's dog is a human grade dog food that's made with real meat and veggies and gently cooked to preserve nutrients. Traditional pet food is highly processed and difficult to portion correctly, but the farmer's dog has changed that with their freshly made food. They take the guesswork out of serving sizes by precisely portioning your dog's food based on their unique nutritional needs. The pre-portioned packs are simple to serve and ensure your dog is eating the right amount to keep them healthy and thriving. Plus The farmer's dog delivers right to your door automatically sending you new food as soon as you're running low And they have 24 7 customer service with real people because sometimes you have a burning question about your dog's food at 2:00 AM Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/new Heights. Plus you can get some free shipping. Just Go to the dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Alright, before we get back into the action, let's talk about something everyone needs as we roll into the playoff season and the new year. Jason, tell the people about AG one. Oh man a G one. It's a game changer. It's like your morning fuel. It's a daily health drink that's just one scoop mixed with water. Of course like a smoothie or water. Just plain no water fueling, like not being fancy. It's got vitamins, minerals, and preempt probiotics and more. Wait, you said probiotics. That's right. That's right. So It helps to to keep things moving like 'cause after all those holiday meals, 92% is, might need to, you know, little extra help getting it out. Okay. I don't think that's what probiotics necessarily are, but I feel you. A G one does have probiotics and digestive enzymes to keep everything moving smoothly. Less bloating, not being backed up. That's right. They, it helps to keep your gut healthy basically. So you can focus on the important Stuff. What about taste? I'm not trying to choke down something that tastes bad. It's got Kind of a fruity taste that's actually good and you can't trust me. It tastes better than it looks. It's not just some green juice that you have to choke down. It actually tastes bomb. So how do your listeners get in on this Jason? Easy Head to drink AG one.com/new Heights and they'll hook it up Right now. AG one is offering new subscribers a free $76 gift. When you sign up, you'll get a welcome kid and a bottle of vitamin D three, K two and five free a G one travel packs with your first box. Just head to drink AG one.com/new Heights. That's drink AG one.com/new Heights to get your free gift and start your new year on Healthier note.


We end all of our conversations with the segment we call. We gotta ask but you don't have to answer Caitlyn. So it's as simple as that. All righty. You, you're up. And you don't have to answer these but you can tell us to just fuck off. Did you see the new NBA All-Star format? I did. I did. And how do you feel about this? Oh see that's tough. Four, Four teams of eight with one team being the rising stars. So I saw Kevin Durance said this today or maybe yesterday or whenever it was, but they should go back to the east versus west and that's when I loved it. I Think it should be east versus west. Like that's true. All stars like no doubt east versus west.


Battle it out. That's What it was about. Yeah. So I think that's what it should be. But obviously not the commissioner. I'm on board for East versus West All Stars. I think that's the whole point of it. That's why you're an Allstar. It's the best from the east versus the best from the west. Play each other. See which, which side's better. I'm with You. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not a fan of any of these end season tournaments that the N b's doing. Yeah, I was actually talking about this today. How are you nana? What is there to not be a fan of? I all the, all the funky floors and then there's tournaments and they don't mean crap, funky floor. Can we just play? Can we just play basketball? I we just play basketball. I'm getting like a migraine looking at the neon green field I like.


But No it, I feel like it was a hit the first year, the NBA cup, the commit or whatever it was and it kind of like toned down a little bit this year. But it's interesting, they're trying to spice it up a little bit. I Don't know what team is, what team. The jerseys aren't the same, the colors aren't the same. Jason is such a, he's such a old stubborn dude. This is hilarious. Alrighty. That's funny. Obviously Caitlin, you don't need to help with the ratings but it's been in the news a lot recently that the NBA ratings are down. Should we brainstorm a few ideas besides changing the NBA courts to bring back ratings into the NBA? What do you think? That's a great question. You're the marketing major.


Come on. I've been asking a lot of people about this and why they think they're down. But also like, it's interesting 'cause I'm pretty sure opening day was the NBA's best opening day in a while. So it's interesting. Yeah, and obviously I think, I think So the Cavs are back baby. The Cavs are fucking rolling Right now. You know what I'm saying? They're, it just makes the league better when Cleveland's thriving. They're really, really good. Fuck Pulled that out of my ass. It, they are fun to watch Right now. So. Well let's ask this. What do what, what are your, what are your suspicions potentially as to why the NBA ratings would be down? Honestly like I feel like the average, just like basketball fan doesn't understand how good NBA players are and they Think it looks like they're not trying, I promise you they're trying, they're just like so good.


Like that's why it looks like they're not trying. And obviously the physicality of the league has changed a lot and I wasn't around when it was like much more physical and maybe people want more like beef and physicality and people think it's gotten soft. But I think that's also because the skill has just changed. And like that's what's great about basketball. Like it's always evolving. Like it's gonna be different than when MJ played. It's gonna be different in 10 years than it is now. So it's hard for me to like put my finger on like why it has gone down. And also it's competing against a lot of football Right now. You have to take that into consideration. Like football is just, you know, that's America's favorite thing. I think people should like, I mean I love three point shooting. I love seeing guys just like launch threes. But not everybody loves that. So I don't know.


What Do you think about a four point line? I Love that. Let's Do it. That's actually, that's a great idea. Genius. That is genius. Silver Four point line. How Does the criminal justice major come up with the best marketing plan Right here? Sometimes You just gotta open your eyes. Jason, look at the sheet of paper in front of you. Or we Could get like just two spots. Yeah, I What about, what about, you're saying that, that everybody's questioning how physical the, the game is. What do you think a hockey style fight won once a game? Just everybody picks a fighter Who doesn't like a box. Good Hockey box, two minute Penalty box and you can come back in. You don't get ejected. That's What I'm saying. All right. Steve's got some bring that Physicality back. That's what the hockey guy wants. That What? Yeah. What about like an NBA jam rule where like If you want, If you start making like a third bucket, it's worth more.


It's like heating up like you're on fire. If you're On fire it's worth more. So Like, I don't know. That'd be, That would be cool. That would be cool. Just made me wanna play NBA jam. Have you ever played NBA jam Kailin? Yeah I I used to have this like it was like the whole arcade, like the arcade B game. That's so shit. Oh yeah. Oh I'm jealous. Yeah, literally. I haven't played it in a while But yeah. Is it potentially because we're playing too many games? I think that's for sure. Probably something like 82 games on like somebody's body, like So many It's insane. Like they like and they're not practicing a lot. Like it's just hard. If it's to the point that guys are, that your star players are having to take time off, why don't we just play less games?


I know. So the star players don't have to take time off. 'cause I, I don't know, I just, I feel like the NBA and Major League baseball grew up in times where ticket sales were what like was your main source of revenue and now it's all driven by ad dollars from TV contracts. Yeah. So to increase TV revenue it's like just play less games in more impactful times. I don't Know. Oh yeah, there's definitely ways to solve that. I mean like 82 games and we don't even, we play half of that and that's gonna go up as we add more teams to our league. Yeah. But like I can't imagine playing 80 Heard Kansas City's in the, I know they shopping around for a team Trying to bring one. I know. And they got, they got a good basketball arena there.


What is it? The Sprint Center? Oh yeah. Sprint Center, T-Mobile or whatever we hold the You're right, it is it, golly you just took me back. It used to be Sprint. Sprint sold to T-Mobile. So now it's the T-Mobile center. I knew it was one of 'em Big 12 attorneys there every year. Yeah, it's a great spot. And the power and light district down there. Like it's, it would be a great Gone go down there. Fun for very great women's basketball could, could be great there for sure. So I'd support it. But yeah, I don't know. I think 82 games is a lot on somebody's body and like mentally like that's hard. And what is it for football? I mean you're playing what, 15 or You're playing 17 regular seasons season 17 and they're trying to, which I Think it is too much. Add 18 too, I think. I think the NI think the NFL should be playing less regular season games but I'm losing that battle. And what are you playing Travis?


You're playing like three in the next three in like 11 days or something like that. Yeah, So it already started. I'm gonna be playing two in the next, what is it? Eight game, eight days? Yeah. Like how do you even prepare for that? Like that's crazy. You just put your shoes and pads on just like the other team. Well we're in this together and you put Your face in the fan, you just know it's coming. We're all In this shit now To be honest. We're ending that skit on. Or like the three games in 11 days, we're ending it on Christmas and it's like who can't get excited to play on fucking Christmas? That's true. We didn't last year And you saw that firsthand.


But this year I think we're ready. We're Gonna rebound on Christmas. On on Netflix. We learned from last year. Yeah, exactly. You recently played in a ProAm with Anika Soren. I did. You hit a person on a tee box. I don't know how you do that. Okay. You would hit a person on a tee Box. Yeah, we, I, I know I can relate Jason, I don't know If you played in enough ProAm had to hit anybody but the Video that was going viral where I like completely topped it so it's crazy like we're playing like these long par threes that are like 200 yards. I'm like I'm not good enough to hit a par three, like 200 yards. Like so I whip out my hybrid three. I'm like tee up my hybrid club, just top it like straight out fan to the left. I've Been there but I think they Dodged it down the third base line.


But I nailed somebody on a different par three. Like some woman like right in the shoulder, like shoulder I saw, I saw a TikTok like the next day just like black welt on her arm. But Yeah. But yeah. Well that's just how you get her. Good. If she's got a black welt. Are you more competitive in golf or basketball? That's hard. I think like golf makes me more mad 'cause I'm not as good at it. Like I'm just like the average hack and like you wanna be good like you're competitive just like basketball or football. Like it's like why am I not good at this? So, and it's like meant it's like it's an individual sport and we're used to team sports so I think that's what pisses me off too. It's like it's all on me and I know it's all my fault so I share your pain. Are you more nervous on the free throw line or at the first tee?


First tee. Not even close. I'm like shaking. I like can't put my ball on the tee. You're like so true. Can't get it to stay on the tee. You're shaking so bad trying to put the tee in the ground. I mean like you're average at golf, at least you're confident in the actual sport you play. You know? Touche. According to your teammates, you are quite the karaoke person. What is your karaoke song of choice or what's your go-to? Ooh That's tough. It switches up. Yeah. Depends on what mood you're in. Thus you know what's, you know what's good Wears the love by the black eyed piece. That's a good, great Song She gets. It's good Kara song.


She gets it. Yep. Honestly it changes up. I like a little duet action so you can go up there with your friends. Okay, Nice. I haven't done karaoke in a while. What's your guys' go-to song If you had to pick? I have one song and I go to it routinely and that is Total Eclipse of the Heart by the Dan band. I will sing that at any time I'm anything eighties. Rock and roll. Eighties, seventies, eighties. Rock and roll. Throw it on Springsteen, you name it. Any of it. I'm, I'm like ac CDC. I can only do one though. If I'm gonna do AC DCI can only do one. Yeah, That takes a lot outta of you. I can only stay.


I Can only stay later for so long And then my voice is gone so I'll go Colt 45 Afro man if I'm feeling is the right Goat 45 2. What's the goat basketball shoe? Ooh. So I play an only Kobe's. I like Kobes are my true nice. I'm a good Kobe fan. What numbers The five and the six. Nice. I like the six probably better but five and six, they're low tops so yeah, That's why I was like, I can do the ones that's about but they look cool. Good terms of hooping. Yeah. Yeah they look cool And trust me, I've sprained my ankles a thousand a thousand times. There's no stopping it anymore. So I forget which number it is. But he came out with the ones I think after he popped his Achilles with the, the actually like went up like halfway up the calf.


Yep. And they're making those again. Yeah. Are they really? Yeah, I got a pair in like white and maybe red. So that should be the, that could be the shoe you hoop in there. It is. Goes all the way up his leg. Make sure he know that I'm not rolling my fucking ankle knees. I know that for sure. Just wearing a winner boot. Yeah, Literally. If you weren't playing basketball, what would Caitlin Clark be doing? You said you were a marketing major. Would you have gone more into that world or you think you would've jumped into something else? Oh man, that's tough. I think if my basketball career would've ended, I still would've loved sports just because it was like so, such a huge part of my childhood and like what I did. Yeah. So I don't know, maybe like try to work in like a front office of a sports organization or something like that.


I think that would be cool. Not like the coaching side of it but like the operation side and getting to do like free agency stuff and I think that would be really cool. Apparently you have talked about opening a rib restaurant. Is this true? Yeah. Are The, This was like such a random thing when I was growing up. I like told my mom like yeah there's like this plot of land like by where we would like where we lived and yeah, I like had this weird obsession with like ribs. It was like what? I asked my mom to bake me for my Birthday. Ain't nothing weird about it. Lemme tell you. Nothing weird about that. So I like, so I was like, yeah I'm gonna open the rib crib, like have this barbecue joint. Like heck yeah. I dunno. We'll see, I've kind of phased out of like, I love ribs still, but I don't, I've never made ribs for myself, but I'll just hire a chef.


Maybe you can run the restaurant. You, You can just be, you go the face behind what's, there you go baby your baby back or spare ribs. Baby back. Baby back. All right, all right. You're giving my baby baby baby. Are you Kansas City style barbecue sauce or you going I'm Kansas City. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That makes sense. That adds up. Has to be, what about right there? What size are we having? What size are we having this dude Talk about? He's all, I haven't had, I Haven't offensive lineman at heart. If you Disclosure old Jason. Full disclosure. I haven't had dinner yet. Not I gotta go like some Mac. Mac and cheese. Okay. What else are we going with? Getting cornbread. Some cheesy corn. Corn. Have to have cornbread. Yeah, maybe some like green beans with bacon or like Green beans, bacon.


I don't even know. Baked beans. Baked beans. Baked beans are great. Jason's just answering his own. Que Bake beans are great. I love baked beans. I haven't had barbecue in forever. You gonna make me crave it. My mouth is legitimately watering Right now. Come on down to Arrowhead, we'll get you some barbecue. Can I get the banana pudding for dessert? Ooh, Dessert. Alright. Piece of advice for the next Caitlin Clark Watching. That's Tough. I think just like enjoy every single moment 'cause it goes so fast and like life changes so fast and you know, you only get to do a lot of things once. So have fun. Enjoy it. Remember why you do it. 'cause like you love it, you're passionate about it, you know, don't take it too serious. So I, I would say that and that's try to, that's how I've tried to live and obviously some moments are better than others, as you guys know.


You get competitive and caught up. But you know, just enjoy it, have fun and you know, keep loving it. I think that is a very wise answer. Yes. Especially for somebody going into their second year. I hate It. I took so much shit serious when I first got in the league. I was just like, I have to do this. I have to and this and this. And now I'm just like telling everyone like, you know, it's not that serious. Right. Yeah, I like, That's funny. Before we wrap, do you have any questions for us? Ooh, You got, you got any? Feel free to ask. None. I mean, feel free again, this is still part of this. That's fine. Fun. You guys were great, so thanks for having me. I appreciate it. Caitlin Clark?


Yeah, baby. Thanks Kelsey. Bro, you guys are awesome, Dude. You're absolutely amazing. Can't wait to see you and the fever. Go at it again next season. That's right, that's right. When are you guys starting up for a training camp? April. April. Oh, nice. So you got some time. Okay. I got Some time. I got some time. So hopefully I can make it to a chiefs game here soon. I maybe a playoff game or something. So I'll tell you what, we punched our ticket, so we're definitely, I know we're gonna at least have, I would assume we at least got one at Arrowhead, but you know, you're, you're invited to 'em all, so, all Right. Appreciate you guys. Thank you so much. Thank You so much for coming on, Caitlin. Hi. And that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you so much to our guest, Caitlin Clark.


We will be back next week for a brand new episode. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel all Right now and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. Reminder. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and entertainment.


And a big thanks to our presenting sponsor, AUDIBLE. Start listening today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash new Heights.


Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s as usual, and thanks to our production crew and 92% as you guys are our favorites for tuning in and also making us look better than we are. Love you guys. See you guys next week. That's Right. Happy New Year. I Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history. From covert experiments pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories, they're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real, the secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App.