
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


The farmer's dog. We love our dogs. That's right. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy and happy. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food Right to your door is developed by vests nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To safety standards of human foods. Traditional, Dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to, and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. That's right. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food. And they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs at A healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get free shipping.


Remember when gaming meant dropping hundreds on a console or gaming pc? Well, those days are over Amazon. Luna lets you play your favorite video games instantly on devices you already own, just like streaming a movie. No expensive hardware required. Here's the Amazon Luna Magic. All you need is an internet connection and a screen. Your phone, tablet, laptop, fire, tv. They all instantly become your gaming oasis. No game downloads, no special hardware, just gaming. And we're talking hundreds of amazing games here. From the latest releases to Beloved Classics, Fortnite Sonic, assassins Creed, fallout Batman Action, adventure Racing Strategy, RPGs. So much game, so little time. But the best part, if you're an Amazon Prime member, you can play on Luna for free. That's right. Free. Ready to level up your gaming. Head to amazon.com/luna to start playing today. No console, no problem. That's cloud gaming with Amazon Luna.


That fucking glare coming through that end zone in the afternoon is fucking ridiculous. Jerry Jones was asked about the possibility of putting up curtains to block out the sun at at t Stadium. He said, well, where's the moon? I, I need to hear this quote. What the fuck To understand? What fuck is Jerry talking about? Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment presented by lows. This show is now presented by Lows, Ladies and gentlemen. 92 Percenters score with the Lows app. Download Now. That's right. We are your host. I'm Travis Kel.


This is my big brother. Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland, Heights Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alums, Bearcats. Gotta get back on the wind train baby. Come on baby. Come on, come on. Let's get this thing going. We were on fire there for a second. We were doing so good. Keep this thing rolling. Katz, subscribe on YouTube one G plus or wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show. That is with one s. And we got some fun clips throughout the week that I'm sure you guys will laugh at because we're idiots. Jason, tell the people what us idiots are gonna talk about today. Well, all the idiots listening, we have a fantastic episode lined up for all of you. That's right. We're gonna talk about the Chief's walk off blocked field goal.


The Eagles blow out of the Cowboys again, sorry there Brandon. And also get to my time out of the house in la. Plus we're gonna hit the biggest storylines Of course from across Week 10. All Right. now at the NFLI think we gotta start with something. We usually start with first. What's that? It's not old. It's not. It's not late. It's Not. It's Not a Hand me Down. It's not Not new. It's not Not new. That's 'cause It is new. It's new news.


New news. Hey, Coming in. New News is brought to you by Mede Quest. Expand your world. Yes.


Alright. New Heights Film Club. First item of new news, 90% is voted in the next movie. And the new Heights Film Club is Roadhouse. That's right. Shut the fuck it. We're doing the original right Close. Yeah. I'm not doing the new. I do, I have not watched it yet. And I probably am based on the reviews I've heard from others. Not going to watch the original ones is so good. Man. There's some movies that you just can't remake. And I think Roadhouse is who's gonna, you can't redo Swayze. You can't do, can't Redo. There's nobody around that can do Swayze. So yeah, it was a tight race. I'm lying. It wasn't a tight race at all. Roadhouse almost got half of the votes. We got 41% of of four. That's, That's what we're talking about.


92 Percenters. That's what I'm talking about. It was the clear favorite. And I mean, let's be honest, I think of all these movies, Roadhouse is the most like iconic and that's why I probably won. Predator is by far the most iconic, More than Roadhouse you think? Oh guarantee. I think people, I think under Percenters were interested because Patrick Swayze, they were Like I don. Which one has the hottest guy? Well if one, which one has the hottest guy? Predators got the hottest guy. This is, you got Carl Weathers, Arnold Schwartzenegger, Jesse Ventura, come on now. That's a lot of man meat. There's no way. Oh yeah. There's no way. None of them are Swayze. Don't Underestimate too not. Oh my gosh.


What's the other guy in Roadhouse? What's his name? I can't think of his name. Right now. The Cowboy Awesome mustache. Oh I can't think. Sam Elliot. Thank you Brandon. He fucking kills it. Roadhouse has definitely got like a more like cult following than any of these films. But I think blood sport is by far the one that I preferred. But you win some, you lose some. My ability to sway votes has definitely gone downhill. It did not work again. 'cause everyone knows your tactics now. Oh, gosh, you gotta start flanking Jason. You gotta start flanking. Think Ahead of the curve. Everybody's scheming you up man. There Are also some 92 Percenters who were confused in the comments about what Bloodsport is. This is fucking good. So I had to clear things up for him there.


Trav, I dunno. If, you saw this? Yeah. Jason clear things up for them. You gotta back and forth with Tay Ron Jordan from Teon. She said, what is this movie about? And you replied with Bloodsport. Just the the title. Yeah. Just right back at her. That's what it's about. And then she, then I said, I just voted Bloodsport but I, I still don't know what it is. And you then replied again with it's bloodsport. Yeah. Is what it is. And I thought that was, that was very clever because that's exactly what it is. There's no other, there's no no other like review or explanation you need to give. Once you see the movie, you will then tell everybody else exactly what it's about. And it's about blood sport. I mean it's, I guess it's about like the Tate tournament and you know all that But.


yeah, But the tournament's about blood Sport. Yeah, exactly. At the end of the day, it's blood sport. It's about the power of friendship. The power of friendship. Don't do this. Yeah. All right. We're trying to, Let's not try and make like a thematic Yeah. Huge thing out of blood Sport. The brotherhood of blood sport. Okay. Yeah. This is blood sport. We will give everyone time to watch this movie. That's right. So we'll, we'll drop our review later this month. In the meantime, tomorrow we are going to dip back into the Heights hotline and answer some more of your Burning relationship questions. Don't No, that's right. Ladies qualified. You make sure that you hit us with the best questions you got. 'cause we are miracle makers when it comes to relationship advice.


Yeah. I got some mixed reviews on my relationship advice from the public and from my own wife Kylie. So hopefully I do better this week. Yeah. If, you want access to all of our bonus content. Make sure you're subscribed at Wondery Plus. Do you guys been watching Jumanji? Oh dude. It's actually a nice little code now. I just text her if she wants to watch Jumanji ju early in the day. Say, Hey, that'll be playing Jedi mind tricks. Don't get stuck in the game, folks. I text Kylie, did you watch Jumanji today? And she said, I drier than the Sahara Desert. And I was like, that movie takes place in the rainforest.


Ah, Jason has dethroned the queen of Christmas, the amazing, the wonderful Mariah Carey. Oh buddy. A Philly special Christmas party, maybe this Christmas by a Philly specials. And Stevie Nicks is the number one Christmas song on the charts Right now. Yeah. The Duet with Stevie Nicks is officially the number one Christmas song and beat out All I Want for Christmas is You by Mariah Carey. And I mean, that song is as good as it gets when it comes to Christmas music. Jason, how does it feel to officially be the Queen of Christmas? You know, I've, I've fought my whole life to be the Queen of Christmas and the fact that we're finally there is just, it's really special.


I forget what the stat was. Somebody said, I think all I want for your Christmas is You is like been the number one Christmas song Since 1994. I don't Know if it's since 1994, but it's been like for like 20 years has been nonstop. Like the number one Christmas song or something like that. Yeah. Of Course. It's so You know. I know. We, we, we caught it. Or early November, we'll see If, it holds up throughout the rest of Christmas. We kind of caught it on the Christmas downs slide. Like not too many people are listening to Christmas music. So, we kind of jumped, Snuck in there. Yeah, I Get it. Oh yeah, I'll take it when I can get it. That's pretty amazing. That's great. And it was incredible to work with Stevie Nicks. I mean obviously we, I just am still in awe of the fact that that actually happened Stevie, and this is really, really cool.


Not, I mean, there's no percent chance any song that I am in should be streaming number one on any service. Well, in any genre. Yeah. Well, don't give yourself too much credit Stevie next. That's Exactly right. Yes. Good point. No man, that's, that's some cool ass shit, man. I can't wait for everything to drop. He drops day after Thanksgiving. So the song is out now. The single came out But. Yeah, the single came out with the album. The Album will be fully streamable I think. I think it's like the day after Thanksgiving. Yeah, I think that's what I Remember reading the album Goes for sale, but it's already pre-sale. Pre-ordered. We gotta ask Connor. Connor knows all the details. I don't know half of the details. I just half fun make the music.


He knows how the released structure works. I'm an idiot. I just show up and Yeah, I get it. It's coming out slowly. We got another single coming out this week with our friends from Mount Joy. Nice Iconic Philly band. That song's tremendous. So pretty excited to see how that does. Hell yeah. I think we're gonna be releasing this tomorrow, but I'm gonna be putting on a concert before this Thursday night game with Mount Joy. I'm sorry, what? You're gonna do live music. Dude, I'm performing the song that we recorded for the album live at the link before the game starts with Mount Joy. And I kind of feel, I, I don't know if this is the right thing to do, like the Eagles are about to play like a heated, like the most important game of the year.


They're playing The Washington Commanders and me and Mount Joy are gonna go in there before the game kicks off and perform a Christmas song because we wanna help raise money for the album. What game is this? It's, it's Eagles versus Washington The Commanders. It's like this week. This week It's on Thursday. It's, Yeah, I mean it's a little too the day after this If you asked me, but, alright. And see initially I was like, yeah, let's just do something In the It's Thursday. No, you're doing this in two days. Yes, dude, Bro, we, I initially we were like, we're just gonna do something in the parking lot. It'll be fun like just to like get it on video to help promote it. And somehow it's turned into, we're full on, have like a stage in the link in a part of it.


We're just gonna be performing the song. This is epic. Right before the most important game of the Eagle season to date takes place. Nice. So well. So Yeah. You better make it epic. Well, my voice is shot. I don't know if you can tell. So it's probably gonna be, I'm, I'm, You just always have a raspy vo raspy voice man. Just go ahead, just get some honey. Get some Little throat coat. You ever heard of Throat Coat? Nope. It's, it's a type of tea. It's Not whiskey. Get some whiskey tea. Yeah, Don't mo don't bother with that shit. You're right. Whiskey actually does help get some whiskey some honey. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yep. You know what to do. How do you know so much about Focal Soothing A red up on it.


Big reader. Big Wikipedia guy. Yeah. And that does it for New, new news brought to you by me. Quest, expand your world and disappear in reality. Yes. Fan mentions of the week. Let's shout out King James. Yeah. After our Freddy Freeman episode, he explained why he spelled Freddy's name wrong and I thought say it was pretty clever. Probably not why he did, but it's a nice little, Hey, It's a nice little excuse. It's a good, it's a good dog. Gave my homework Excuse right here, Freddy. My bad man. You was the boogeyman out there. So I just thought like Mr. Krueger, like Freddy Krueger. Yep. That's good one. The boogieman himself.


Nice. Yeah. And he was, he was, he was haunting the Yanks. Yeah. That was pretty damn good. Always Love a good king James. Shout out and yeah, he was pretty much like Freddy Krueger out there for the Yankees. No doubt about it. Ain't that the truth? Actually, If, you missed that Freddie Freeman episode. Oh yeah. Make sure you check it out man. Freddy is the unbelievable guy. He's got a beautiful story with his family, both his father and his kids and his wife and just what they've all had to go through and just how he got to where he is in life. Man, it's so cool to, to hear what makes him, you know, what fuels him and what makes him great man. Especially after winning his his second World series. So yeah, check that out.


In particular, like you cannot listen to that episode or watch Freddy and not just have the biggest smile on your face. That dude has one of the greatest smiles ever seen. He does man, It is outrageous. It's in energy. Yeah, it's infectious. So yeah It is. We had a fucking glass. You should check that episode out.


New Heights is brought to you today by Lowe's. Football season is in full swing and I'm back on the Lows home team. Woo. For my fourth straight year. And Lowe's is helping you make the right calls so you can be the MVP of all your home improvement projects. Plus nothing says MVP quite like the Lowe's app. you can make game time decisions in store or online with the click of a button. That's right. And You can order online by 2:00 PM when time isn't on your side to get it. Same day. Download the app, explore primetime features and add to cart with Confidence. Now you have more time to do what you love. Like grilling burgers at the tailgate. Perfecting your game day chili for the football party. Ooh, Kick off your next project with the Lowe's app and score today. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply See lows.com/same day delivery Forward details.


Try it. We've established that we both love the Whopper. We really do. Flame grilled all the toppings you want. Just your way doesn't get much better than that. And what we're about to talk about is brought to you by none other than BURGER. KING. Hey I. like to say I. like to say BURGER KING instead. BURGER KING I like BURGER KING. Well, Speaking of bk, do you know about the BURGER KING million dollar Whopper contest Of course I do. But what is it? The Million Dollar Whopper contest where people all across America created their whopper with whatever toppings they wanted and they got over a million submissions. Over a million submissions, huh? Yeah, all I know, but how are they narrowing it down? Jason, can you tell me that? They Whittled it down to a top three and BK is launching those flavors. That's right. They've got Fried Pickle Ranch Whopper created by Fabian. Then we got the Mexican Street Corn Whopper from Kelsey. And finally there's the Maple Bourbon Barbecue Whopper created by Calvin. I mean those all sound really delicious. They really do. We know which one. Yep. They really do. But only one can be crowned the million dollar Whopper. Jason, tell the people how they can get involved. If, you wanna get involved in figuring out which one of these should be crowned the million dollar Whopper. Just go to BURGER KING dot com slash mdw standing for million dollar Whopper and Crown your favorite today You rule. You are seizing the day at bk. Have it your way. You rule bk Have it your way. You rule.


This episode of New Heights is sponsored by Liquid iv. Hydration is key for keeping up with the holiday hustle. Keep liquid IV on hand to stay hydrated through the holidays with Convenient packages of their hydration multiplier or sugar-free hydration multiplier. You get eight vitamins of nutrients, three times the electrolytes at the leading sports drink and no artificial sweeteners. And Liquid IV really comes in handy during the holiday. It's the perfect way to stay hydrated when you're traveling, busy hosting family and friends or out and about shopping for your family. They also Have some fantastic flavors. you can find all of your favorite hydration multiplier flavors on their website from acai berry and lemon lime to pina colada. Ooh, little pina colada tear pour live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Stay hydrated through the holidays with Liquid IV and get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com. And use code new Heights at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code new Heights at liquid iv.com.


Let's move on to a little bit of that bold topics to wrap up Week 10 in the NFL starting with the Kansas City Chiefs. And How about those cheese? Damn baby. 16 Broncos 14. Man, that was a crazy, I was watching this game actually at Big Dean's down in Venice Beach, which is a New York Giants bar, which was embarrassing for them right after losing to the Panthers. But the whole bar was absolutely losing it with this one. Yeah, you guys trail the entire game up until the fourth quarter, which in typical fashion you guys then take the lead and it comes down to, I mean what is this a 35 yard?


Yeah, 35 yard fle kick. I mean probably the most electric way to end a game. I used to think like Hail Mary or like a touchdown walk off touchdown. I don't think there's anything more electric than blocking a kick to win a game that the place just erupted The entire, I don't think I had been a part of the stadium where it went fucking ape shit like That. Dude, I can only imagine My eye. It got me to the point where my eyes like the emotion and everything, my eyes started watering and I was like getting goosebumps. I'm like, this Is Insane. How, how we just got through here with a win And we were talking like right when it led up the whole bar where we were at had pretty much, okay, well the Chiefs just lost their first game.


Like the Broncos did a great job. They did what you need to do to beat the chiefs. Don't give the ball back to Pam Ho. Whatever you do, do not give it back. Milk the clock. They got it down to one second. Yeah. TJ who was the bartender was Like don. Don't know man. They still gotta make the kick. And I, and I literally was like, you know what, there have been a lot of blocks this year. I swear to God. That's insane to talk about it like that. I mean I didn't Think it was about happen, but I was like, you know what, it could, I mean I guess Kareem was on the sidelines screaming at We're about to block this punt. I'm just, in my head, I'm just like, it's only one loss Travis. You're like, it's not a pun Korean. It's a only one. I was already in my head. I was already, I was already, no, I mean, my bad.


You blocked this kick. I gotcha. My bad. He was saying he was gonna block this kick, but I was already, I was in my head from not scoring a touchdown on the drive right before that and like forcing them to score a touchdown instead of kick a field goal for the win. I know Exactly what player you, you looked like you was two, you couldn't quite get your feeding footing to like jump. It was like an awkward Timing thing. It was that one, it was a great ball by pat. I was fading so I didn't have my feet under me to be able to just spring up and Yep. Two plays or three plays before that. I, I actually got a first down, but they went cover zero and all I had to do was make one guy miss and he, he wrapped my leg. Oh, okay. He wrapped my shoes up. And That's the one you're more talking about. Yeah. And it's just You know I. I think I've, I've put that much pressure on myself or that much accountability on myself to make that guy miss and be there, be that like difference maker.


I I hear you. It's just for whatever reason it was a good tackle by six and I hate myself for it. I hate that. You know, everybody's looking at pat for like, he overthrew me on that last play. He was a great ball. I just didn't have my feet under me to go up and get it. And the ball didn't even, it's not even like it went over like the crossbar like, like it was a very catchable ball. If I would've Just had, it was right on the, on the, I think If you would've had footing. You definitely could've jumped up and got it. But. yeah, 100%. Yeah. But either way, this is why you have teammates. This is In particular, this is, I was in, I was in the tank and these guys fucking, yet again, when I do something stupid or I fuck up, my guys are right there to pick me up and it's, it, it was awesome to see a guy like Leo Chenal be the difference Maker.


Exactly. That's what I was about to say. We talk about teammates, man. Like I, the way you've talked about him and the way it feels like all the Kansas, City, Chiefs talk about this guy, like he is the ultimate teammate. He does best so many things. You guys will put him at fullback. He plays d-line, he plays linebacker, he does all these things for the chiefs and on top of that he blocks kicks to win games. Ain't That the truth? Let's talk about this a little bit. Let's rewind this Brandon, if we can get it back to the start here. So 54 is, that position is called tight end on field goal. And I'm just letting you know this Right now people, it is the worst position. It is arguably the hardest position on any special teams unit. This guy is being taught to stab the guy that is in the gap inside of him.


Yep. Stab the guy that is in the gap outside of him. Yeah. Inside of him and outside of him. And then on top of that, take a fucking guy right down the center, An NFL player player, an Player. You're Not even allowed to touch it with your hands Just, and you're just, you're just here and they tell you to die slow. That's the Player. And you're literally, the coaching on it is like, listen, like We know you're gonna, you're gonna get your ass Kicked. You're gonna get your ass beat. All right. We put our toughest guy in there. We just need you to be stout for two seconds or however long it takes for them to snap the ball and kick it. Like we just need you to have that like two second like strain to finish. And that's why they say die slow because you, you'll typically end up on your ass every fucking time, Every time they put this kind of rush where there's three guys over top of you, you are going, you three people pushing on you, you're gonna fall, just don't fall too fast essentially.


Yeah. And he fell lick these, but I'm, I'm not gonna lie, this was, he got caught I like, look at where buddy, you gotta get your butt up a little bit more than that. You know, that's, we need, We need more flat back. We need More flat back. Exactly. We're not flat, we're not worried about our head being down or anything. You gotta get a job done But. yeah. This, we gotta bring Newton's lawn into this thing and start breaking out the protractor Used. We used to say this guy used to be, we used to say he's the most unselfish player on the team before when there was a kickoff return and a wedge unit. Oh yeah. Wed unit and this guy. But now that there's no more wedge unit, this guy takes the cake. That's, he gets it like you're gonna get killed. He gets The award. Yeah. And what's unique about this too is Like don don't know if we still do this, to be honest with you. 'cause I don't, I haven't been in the field goal meetings in a while, but typically the field side tight end is a, is a bigger body guy that dies slower because the way the kick has to go on the right hash, it's gonna go to the left.


So teams will usually put their bigger, better tight end to the field. Yeah. They a lot of times they won't play sides. It looked like Chicago just played these guys on sides. They didn't really like swap them. Like we, I know Jordan Malta, when he used to do this, we used to put Jordan Malta to the field. When Bo Allen used to do this, he was really good at it. We would put him to the field because we knew that the rush, if they were gonna get there, had to come from that angle on a hash. Which also makes it very interest and I don't want to call anybody out. I think it's already been noticed that five four for Denver, I'm, I'm not sure of his name, but he was, he was kind of, he was getting pointed out in the special teams like film that hey, this guy isn't necessarily dying as slow as you would hope Of course.


Yeah. You would hope that you, you you fix that before you get put in a situation like this. And ironically the play before this, they did a play, the, the quarterback did a or the the offense did a, a play where it's, they snapped the ball and they run the ball over to the right hash and take a knee. Yeah. The center. Yeah. They, They centered it. So now the kick has to go over the left side of the, the offensive line or the field goal block the, or the field goal unit. That's right. Where kind of the five four is. And I, I mean it's just, it it, it matched up perfectly for us to really give us a like confidence that we could go and get it.


But at the end of the day, all everything goes down to, to making the play. And you see God's like Leo Chenal and George Carl Loftus who's right here shooting, what is that? The, the C gap as well trying to get in there. Yeah. Mowing 'em down and they're All going through that gap. Everyone's going right through that gap. You could tell it was a, it was an effort in something that coach to one of the best special teams coordinators of, of the NFL's history. He had, he had dialed in on that one to make sure our guys knew that that was a, that was a weak point or something that we could take advantage of. Yeah. And for those of you wondering why you would put the ball in the right hash, a lot of the times kickers actually don't want the ball in the middle of the field.


They prefer having an angle on the kick and they'll ask the kicker, Hey, do you want this on the right hash or the left hash? When they have enough time like this in a crucial moment, they're gonna try and make it as easy or put it in a position where the kicker has as much confidence as possible. So they put it on the right hash. Yeah. Unknowingly making it more vulnerable to being blocked because of where the pressure was coming. The majority of the game. And I don't wanna like, listen, I'm gonna give Alex all the credit in the world. That position sucks. It's the worst. It's so hard. It's the worst. They're just not. Yeah. It's so easy for us to say, why isn't he leaning forward? Well the problem is once you start leaning then, Then they start jumping through gaps. The other gaps gap. Like it's so you, it's a position that is really hard to be right on.


You have to have great balance. It was not executed well for him, obviously on that play, but part of it's also just like, you know, he didn't get his foot down, which would've helped her. But what an amazing effort and just outstanding play from Karl Loftus and, and from Leo Chenal and I was that Chris Jones who was also in on that on the inside. Maybe Mike, Mike Pinnell, Mike Pinnell, Mike. So Jack Cochran getting in there. Everybody was in that thing. Yeah, It was, it was a insane effort on a play that's like, you know, at that point you gotta be, you can't help but think a little bit like, God dang man, this is damn near games over almost Like, I mean I was, I told you I was in the fucking tank.


Yeah. You ha I mean especially on the sideline when you can't make a difference, you're like, come on guys, please somebody, please make a play. But like, you know, the chances that that happens is so small I think couldn't happen to a better guy. It seems like in Leo Chenal loved everything that happened after the game, so Yeah. Couldn't happen to a better teammate. It seems everybody pumping up John Cena. Here's on Chenal Cena, he's the strength. Dun. They gotta, when he comes out of the tunnel next they gotta hit him with the John. It's gotta be for that. Yes. He's like the strength of he's my Fucking dog. Good. He's like the strength, strength of a d lineman. But he plays the linebacker position. You don't want to be the guy on the end when he's working out, Bro.


He made my training camp living hell going against him, man. I loved every bit of it too. He's just such a, he's such a good teammate accountable every single day. And you just love to see a guy, get a guy, have success like that, knowing how much he fucking, he works man. Yeah. What, what did he do to make it, I don't know, hard for you. I mean he's just, he's Like Long arms. He gets those, he Gets his hands on you In terms of reroutes spas was playing some defensive stuff that he knew we, we were gonna play some good tight ends this year. So he wanted to have some packages in to kind of slow down the tight end off the ball and Leo was the guy that fucking, just making my day hell the third day in practice and just fucking standing in front of me and just making sure that I don't get into my route.


Can't get right into your route. Throw The timing off. Yeah. And then on top of that, blocking him is just, it's one of the hardest things 'cause his arms are so long and he plays with such good leverage man. Yeah, It's got good ankle flexion. Yeah. It's always a bummer. All right. Mike Penal also said Leo before the play he said that he was going to do it So. we all had faith in each other. He was unwavering faith in his ability. So we're all behind him. We call him the beast. He is the beast that's got Mahomes calls him John Cena. Everybody else calls him the beast. This guy's got some great nicknames. I mean Dude, do you know his nickname from college? What's his nickname from College? Death Row. Death Row. Death Row. Death Row Records. Why is he death row Dude?


Well I mean watch it. Watch how he plays. You'll get it. Alright. This my favorite clip ever though. What? When he got drafted they asked Leo Chenal, what are you gonna bring to Kansas City? Okay. And he looked at, he looked at that reporter violence and physicality. Wow. That's a good answer. That's a football guy answer right there. Can somebody please pull up that video? Video? We gotta find that video. If. you find that video I Think. it was violence and physicality. I forget what it was. Leo, what do you bring to the table for the kingdom? Violence and physicality? Man, I'm addicted to hitting people. I love it. I can't get it up.


Let fucking go put a, I'm addicted. Addicted to hitting people. The whole crowd just erupts. You just got someone that loves to assault people for a living And I will take full advantage of being able to assault the man in front of me. Leo, Can you give a, give us a nuanced answer as to why you are gonna be a great pick for the Kansas I Violence and Physicality. That reminds me. That Reminds me. It's so good. Dude, that Reminds me so much of that Marshawn Lynch interview. Like His high school interview. No, he's doing an interview and the reporter is like asking him questions. He is like, there's not too many people that can take you running through somebody's face over And over, over and over and over, over And over and over and over and over again.


And the guy said, the reporter says, is there some type of a, I forget, he tries to like have some like quick like smart comeback where it's like, oh is there something symbolic in that? And he said, run through a motherfucker face. I mean my sound is gold man. God damn. I would've loved to fucking play with that guy. Yeah. The Field goal attempt almost didn't happen. It was reported on pro football talk that there was talk among the chief's defense of possibly letting the Broncos score at the end as a strategy to get the ball back. And I'll explain this, we, every team has a play in their playbook on defense. When you're out of time out, there's no way for you to stop the clock anymore.


You'll actually let the team score just so you get an opportunity to get the ball back. You have to be within a score though. It's a last ditch effort. It usually happens with seconds. Like you're under a minute on the play clock and you're like, man, they're gonna get a field goal. We can't stop the clock anymore. Let's just let score a touchdown because then maybe we can somehow get in the end zone. Yeah. If we get the ball back. And I was actually in that same bar wondering, If, you guys were gonna do that. So it's interesting to know that you guys were also thinking about it. 'cause it was in that this was the situation where it's like we're in, I don't know what you guys call it. I think we used to, I don't even wanna say what we used to call, 'cause I don't know if that'll tip it off, but like just Let 'em score mode. Let 'em score mode. But you, You don't wanna make it too easy.


We actually tried it on you guys very unconvincingly and you guys took a kneel down and didn't score. Unfortunately we would've hoped you would've Scored. This is a situation where sometimes you'll actually see the defense try and carry a guy in, like carry a ta, like try pushing, make a tackle, tackle carry him into the end zone. You're, you know what? Seriously. And so If, you ever see that at the end of a game's? Sometimes it requires a little bit of acting ability. You don't wanna just make it obvious you're letting 'em score. You wanna actually miss a tackle on. Yep. On purpose. But either way, spas reportedly said, no, we're not doing that. We're gonna make this stop and force 'em to make the kick. Interesting. I mean listen And spas, we trust The strategy.


It worked. I don't know Spas we trust Baby. Yeah, right. In retrospect it's absolutely bonkers that you guys block this kick. And I think it's the, it's like I said before, it is probably the most electric way to end a game on A block. Dude. It was, I mean the double Thump to end it like that is absolutely freaking crazy. Especially from 35 yards out. It's one thing if it's from fucking deep man. Exactly. Like this is like a, I don't know what the, it was it 92% it a build, it was a buildup because it Was probably a 92% chance that that deal goes going in. It might even be higher than that. The, the fact that it was kind of building up from like the two minute, because we used just about all our time timeouts. I think we had one left But.


yeah. We used all our timeouts, tried to set it up so that we would have time left and they get the big first down on the third down play that gets them into field goal range. And now they keep just like slowly taking off the clock, slowly taking off the clock. So it's like building up. It's like, fuck, how, how do we let 'em get to this point? Man, now it's like the chances are slim and then do do and the fucking top just fucking pops off and just the entire stadium just goes nuts. It was insane man. Yeah, I, I can only imagine way. You don't have too many regular season games that get the stadium rocking like that man. For sure. But Little Chiefs Broncos always gets it going.


Well, another thing that got it rocking on social media after the game, the Chenal jersey incident. Oh god. Leo man, this, This was pretty cool. Once Coach Reed finishes post game remarks, he let Chenal break down the team's final huddle. A first time moment for him in his career a few minutes later before Yeah. Was definitely broke down the huddle. His post game. I don't know who's writing this, I don't know, but I'm just gonna read it 'cause I don't know anything. Say a few minutes later before his post game shower Chenal ask Kelsey for something he's wanted since his rookie season. Just before Chenal left the locker room, Kelsey still shirtless, gave his teammate the Momento. He wanted his red game worn 87 jersey with his signature and a short message to Chenal written in black Sharpie on the white number seven.


And Chenal said, I've been waiting for the right time. Smiling. I felt I earned. That's good. Oh my God, that's pretty awesome man. He earned it. He earned it just by fucking being a good teammate. Yeah. Right. And this is actually, this is my fault Of course. It's my fault. I, he said, he mentioned that he wanted it since his rookie j his rookie year. He came up to me and asked me for it. And I was like, dude, fuck yeah, that's, I would no problem man. I'll write this thing out to you in, in a heartbeat. And sure enough, I, I forget to do it that day. And two years later I'm sitting here, he comes up to me and calls me out. He is like, you still owe me a jersey? I'm like, God damn, today's the day you're getting it, brother.


This How you know, we're brothers. So he's got the, not only the game, game winning block kick jersey, I I put the date on it. I told him how, how much I appreciate him being a, a teammate and a Super Bowl champion with me. So Oh, that's Awesome. Ironically it was the, it was the day I became the, the leading touchdown Oh, Gosh. Leading reception. Yeah. Well Did you touchdown reception leader Over took it or you tied Tony? I can't remember which one Was I think I might have tied him. I think You tied Tony. Yeah. Which I tied him on that day, so I I made sure to write that down there on him. That's Awesome. On, on the jury. That's that's a, Hey, that's a legend. And when I told that to him, he was, he was sitting there like, what? No, no I can't. I'm like, it's in good hands.


Yeah, it's, it's yours brother. Dude. That's crazy. Yeah. This is how you know her brothers. I think I owe like 15 guys from the League Of Jersey. Oh, a million. Still like A million. I think I still owe my guy Hunter Henry one. Man, fuck. I don't know how your jersey is after games when I tried to like sign the jersey after games. You're soaking wet. Yeah, it All runs and it bleeds. Like it never like that's a part of it. That's a part of it. It's part of the magic of it. It's a part. Yeah. That's how, you know, it's another part of the that thing was worn and it was sweated on and it was, there was bloodshed. What do we think was the better post-game gift to Leo the jersey from you or a little cheeseburger? The Andy treating him to a cheeseburger.


Hell yeah. It shit the tired cheeses Kingdom treats him to meals for the rest of his life. I betcha I would, I would say, I would say the cheeseburger from Andy Reed is an all time is an all time great gift. So I do wanna say we're, we're pumping up the end of this game and Leo, I do gotta give the Broncos credit. I mean they played fantastic Me man. They're Defense. Good Fucking sound. Their defense has been great all season long. They came off of a little bit of a rough one the week before, but they have been really good. Their Good front seven flies around. Yes, they do a great job of mixing up blitzes and just yeah. Throwing guys at you left and right and playing fast. Five five, dude, they're middle linebacker.


Yeah. Guys the fuck around. Yeah. 40. Their backers are are super athletic, well coached. Very in tuned coach. Yeah. Very well coached. Good instincts. Vance Joseph has Got those guys playing Joe really good afterwards man. It's a, it's an honor going up against you man. 'cause I know it's one of the biggest challenges in the, in the league man and yeah. Who would've thought one of the best defenses in the league got a white corner. There's A outside corner. Yeah. 21 starter. He hides it though. He wears long sleeves. He hides it. He hide Andy. I think he wears like the turtleneck too. That's smart. He hides it. Yeah. Don't, don't let, Don't let him see the Skin. He hides it. Don't let him see the skin. Which one's the white guy again?


I can't tell. I can't tell. It's Like camouflage. That's funny. Oh Man. No man. Serious. And honestly that kid, he can play everybody, everybody over there. Their safeties. I got covered by a linebacker for, for a play. I mean they throw different looks at you and man, hey Coach Payton. Yeah. Of course. Yeah. Sean Payton's got those guys motivated and playing great ball on the offensive side too. Bo Nicks, holy shit. That guy was, how about that fucking ripping it out there Yesterday. Yeah. Especially in the first half. They, they got up To him early playing some good fucking football man. Well the Broncos we just talked about, the Broncos did hold you guys. The three or four field goes in the red zone. They were very stingy down there for in, in particular, but they did let up one and that was to the Big Yeti himself.


We talked about it a second ago. Were you tied Tony Gonzalez for the most touchdowns in chiefs franchise history? Let's see this clip. And this was a fourth down, like ballsy kinda, it was early in the game. Was it three 14? Maybe? I Think it was second quarter. Yeah. What is this route called? It's called to just get the fuck open and get your eyes around because your're white ass open. This is the one time the Broncos guy got a little botched up. We had guys going crossing, going left and right, a guy going vertical and sometimes that just softens up the defense enough to, if the guy underneath just gets his eyes back, it's a touchdown. It's interesting to me as like, so you guys are in this bunch formation and a lot of times you'll see teams throw these like quick screens and do like these like little follows into the end zone with the guy and, but you guys do this, it's almost like a delayed follow where like they go out, they run their crossers and you kind of act like you're going out and then come right back where you just were.


Does that make sense at all? I don't know. No, I mean you're right. And and what it, what it does is it, it puts a team Team because they're all banjo this, they're trying to figure out who am I taking? Well they're, They're, they're playing a defense that's very similar to, to what you would play in the field. Yeah. And that's, they, they box the bunch, they, where they put five guys literally like a box. They put the, the corner high outside the safety right over top and he plays everything inside the corner. Plays everything outside the underneath nickel or the, the wheel backer then plays the flat as while the mics kind of sits in the, in the inside and takes any short crossers. Well this formation, we scored two touchdowns with Dhop on the backside so the mic flies left Yeah.


To try and take away the inside throw to dhop and he's, He's gotta take the first crosser. Yeah. And then Justin Ross does a great job of taking off the the top and I mean it's at that point there's a lot of space underneath for me to work. And Pat was right on time that Outside defender, he's gotta respect you running into the flat. Yeah. So when you come and follow that guy who takes the inside defender, there's nobody left to take you. It's, I thought it was great. It was a great design and Yeah, and I'm down. I got no, no gray white ass open here too. So is he, it was literally po picker poison by the pad right here. Either way. Awesome. Play on fourth down Chiefs defense still balling out. I mean I know they kind of got led up a little bit early. They gave up some leakage late on that last drive. They, they gave up 16 points, they hit that field goal 19 points as the offense with, with a guy like Pat Mahomes back there.


Coach Reed dialing up plays. Yeah. We have the pieces to put up fucking points, man. And, and it is getting a little frustrating, but Chief's kingdom stick with us baby. We're gonna start putting fucking points up and we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it in old chief's fashion. Yeah. We're, we're finding ways to win, which is always a good thing. And, and we're learning and we're growing and we're, we're, we're definitely, you know, rolling with the punches in terms of, in terms of like how teams are playing us and we're growing with that. And I think that Coach naggy, coach Reed, coach heck the offensive staff that's really creating these game plans, they're putting us in great positions to have success. But it takes all 11 man, it takes all 11.


It takes the, the tight ends to be having their feet underneath them so that So we score touchdowns instead of field goals. It it takes, you know, everybody up front to be on the same page so that we're picking up blitzes. It takes everybody running their route to the, to the, the discipline that Coach Reed teaches it so that guys get open faster and it's a clearer picture for Pat, you know, everybody's gotta do their fucking job. Yeah. Every single play and, and I know I haven't done it. I, I gotta make sure that as a leader on this team, I'm doing everything I can to help this team and to make this thing go. Yeah. Love it. LeBron's outta the game. No other team in NFL history has won nine straight games in which they trailed in the second half.


Regular and postseason. You guys have trailed in all nine games. Is that what that stand is saying? That's not, that's not correct. This is true. Jason, You're saying you guys have trailed in all, all of your nine left Every fucking game. Wow. In the second half. That's, that's fucking mind blowing actually that's not a LeBron set. That's Pretty fucking crazy. It's not where you want to be as an offense. Jason and I know this and it is, like I said, it's Frustrating. Okay. It is frustrating knowing that we're not scoring enough points Right now and it's what you go to work for baby. You got enough pride If, you get it fixed, you're gonna fucking get it fixed and there you go. I got my mindset on that. Well next week you guys have an opportunity to get it fixed.


You head back to Buffalo. How about this to take on Bills mafia. Yeah. Last time you were in Buffalo I was there and it was a fun evening for everyone involved. Unless you're The Bills. Yeah. Correct. Unless you're Bills mafia, in which case, yeah. Not the best end of the season for those guys, but they are rolling Right now. Bills are looking good. Josh Allen, He is playing fucking lights out Right now he's got His like best touchdown interception ratio in the, his whole career. Joe Brady. Joe Brady has really taken the offense to another level it feels like. I think Josh is taking it up another level too, right? Two Himself. Yeah. I think, yeah I think he's doing an unbelievable job at taking care of the ball, mixing in when he is gonna fucking be the bulldozer that he is and then mixing up when he wants to run around guys he's just, he's playing, he's playing great football and you know when you get a juggernaut like him on the offensive side, you gotta fucking put up points man.


So now more than ever are we gonna need to fucking score touchdowns? Yes. And I'm gonna be locked in, locked in this week to try and make sure I, I'm accountable for my guys. Oh Can't wait to watch this one. I will not be shirtless this time around. I'll be watching this one from some comfortable area but Nice. Alright.


Nah, 92 Percenters. We're back for another week with our sponsor Meta Quest. That's right. Meta Quest. We're halfway through the NFL season and you can feel like you're a part of the action by playing the VR football game. NFL Pro era. How about that? On Meta Quest three NFL Pro era is a VR football game that doesn't just let you take control of your favorite players but actually gives you their view from inside the helmet. Plus you get the chance to step under center as the quarterback of your favorite team for the chiefs, maybe even the Eagles, You know it. you can also wreck havoc on defense from the linebacker position and try your best to shut down the Eagle's tush push or even try to keep the Chiefs offense outta the end zone. Yeah, Good luck with that one. The Met Quest three is also super light and comfortable. That's right. So you don't even have to put on an NFL helmet to see the field from a Q B's point of view. Also NFL Pro era has a field where you can play online with up to seven friends at once. Just like the backyard football we used to play as kids. So If, you want to explore the NFL Pro era football verse and lead your team to glory. Head to meta.com/quest to check out NFL Pro era and see everything else that's possible on Meta Quest.


The NFL season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup for today's sponsor SeatGeek who are back for their third season with new Heights. Man just, just keep coming back baby. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. As always you can get 10% off any ticket on SeatGeek. That's whether you're a new customer or not with the code. You guessed it. New Heights. Hmm, how about that? And that works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis and the Chiefs play. You name it All Right now you can Even grab a ticket to experience Monday Night Football. That's right in person like I do most weeks SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green means good and red means yeah. Bad. Not so good. Save Yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek gap and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's right. It does not matter. That's code New Heights for 10%. Off terms Apply. Once again, that's code new Heights for 10% off.


It's time to talk about our friends over at Coke. Zero, Sugar, Coke, Zero Sugar and EA Sports College Football have an exciting new partnership. When you scan a Coke Zero Sugar product, you can instantly unlock the most coveted end game currency college ultimate team packs that can be used in game. Just go ahead and scan your Coke Zero Sugar and it will unlock instant win College ultimate team packs that can be used in EA sports college football. 25 new rewards will drop every few weeks on coke.com from now through November. So make sure you scan your Coke Zero Sugar for a chance to win. Also Coke Zero Sugars fan work is thirsty. Work national football tours, visiting college football and NL stadiums around the country during the biggest games all season long they'll have samples, live events and even a friendly EA college football 25 tournament On game day Coke Zero sugars tailgate tour is headed to Athens, Georgia as the Tennessee volunteers come to town for an SEC matchup that's sure to be electric. Fans can swing by if they're interested or in the area and tackle a game day with great taste. Is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever? You should probably try it and decide.


Let's say a little bit of Eagles recap. It was a fun One. Let's talk about a little bit of the birds out in la Yeah, baby. Yeah. We'll talk about the birds and then get into your LA trip after this one. Eagles, 34 Cowboys, six. Jason, initial thoughts on the game. The fucking blowout. I mean, I, I mean the, the initial thoughts are the Dallas is just really bad Right now. Yeah. The fighting dallases and now the Eagles are playing great football. Yeah. I mean, listen, I know it's, you know, Dallas isn't good Right now, but this is what you're supposed to do against bad teams. You know, you're supposed to beat 'em 34 to six. Yeah. Philadelphia's really settled into who they are. It seems like they've, they're playing much better.


We've all known that they've had the players to get it done. They have great talent on both sides of the ball. They're really starting to gel as units and play as a team. And I think that that's the thing that's been really fun to watch the last couple weeks. They're figuring out their identity on offense, and they're starting to really play to their strengths as a unit. And defensively, they've had a couple bad games, but outside of that, they've been good. They've been really good. And as of late, the defensive line has picked it up. They're playing fantastic. I mean, obviously everybody's criticizing the pass rush. When you play with a lead, the pass rest looks a lot better. You put 'em in third and long situations, keep 'em, stay ahead of the sticks. You're gonna get good opportunities to rush the passer. And I think that the Eagles Right now are playing very, very well.


Yeah. It also helps me get five turnovers. Yeah. How about that? When the turnover battle baby, the fucking win percentage is skyrockets eagles now in first place in the NFC East with a fifth straight win. And birds get their first win in Dallas since 2017. As Jason remembers quick stats from the game. Jalen went 14 of 20 for 202 yards and a tudy. He's Just Playing. So he has, he has the, the answers to the test, man. He's, he is, he, it seems like he's ahead of the curve and I just, it's fun watching him ball out Right now because he's just, he's flawless Right now. He is. His throws are right on point. Everything downfield seems to be in sync.


AJ Brown had five catches for 1 0 9. AJ Brown's doing his goddamn thing, as he always does, forced five cowboy turnovers win an interception of four fumbles. Guys are fucking punching the ball. And the Eagles pulled starters early in the fourth quarter. How about that? Yeah. Jalen is playing really good Right now. I mean, I know he's the thing that he is really done, but since the buy is he's taking care of the football, he's being very smart. Yeah, I know he had the one interception to digs in the end zone where digs really sloughed off of his responsibility, made a good play. And then he had the fumble where I don't know what to do. Michael Parsons came around on a tee and was on top of him before he really had time to react. But, you know, he's, he's been very smart with the football, but also still taking chances.


It's hard to navigate that, how do I be aggressive and allow my guys to go make plays like AJ Brown, but also do that in a way that is smart and we're not putting the ball at risk. And I think that he's been really good. It's clear that him and Kellen have really started to build a chemistry as to what this offense is now, you know, it, it looks like it has an identity. Hell yeah. They've turned into, they lean on Saquon, they allow it, they run the football, they're doing the play actions. They're doing a little bit more under center stuff, and which lends yourself to some different play actions than you can do from the gun. And they've, they've done some really good things the last three or four weeks. It's fun to watch Right now. It's a lot of fun to watch.


Hell yeah. Well, I don't get this next quote, but the biggest takeaways from the game, Jerry Jones is still at War with the Sun. Yeah. There was a moment in the game, CD lamb running across the end zone, had a chance to have a wide open touchdown and could not see the ball. I'm not gonna lie, playing in that stadium. I fucking had that problem before that. That fucking glare coming through that end zone in the afternoon is fucking ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous. It's like the, it's like the glass makes it fucking like spread more. Right. It's like the sun is bigger and brighter than it's ever fucking been.


Yeah. And I, I mean, I get it, but obviously you try not to let those kind of things be an excuse. Right. But holy shit man, that's, that, that, I mean, I get it. I understand where he is coming from here. Yeah. I mean, there's some pictures right here. I mean, it, it is crazy how aggressive that sun is at that time of the day coming through that window. You'd think they put up like shades or something, but a loss. Look at that dude. Dude. It's what the fuck? Why the fuck is it that bright? Yeah. Oh man. You know, and the funny thing is, I think somebody I saw somewhere, and I don't know if this is true or not, but I saw it on the internet, so I'm gonna assume it's true like everybody else does.


Of course. I think they actually have shades because they do like concerts in there. And singers have like said that they're, it bothers them. So they have shades. Oh yeah. They, they can, like, it's an option that they could legitimately just put the shades down and might to Just don't do it. To ask. Might have to ask somebody that cd, lamb postgame comments on the sun at at and t Stadium. I couldn't see the ball. I couldn't see the ball at all. The sun. Yeah. All right, nice. Is he in favor of curtains? Probably, yes. 1000%. He is. Did you talk to Jerry Jones about that lamb? I mean, y'all doing my job Right now. All nice.


He'll hear it. He'll hear it. I Think Jerry's gonna get that. I'll be, there might be shades next game. Yeah. I mean, knowing that maybe in the fourth quarter you make the other team in a afternoon game have to deal with that in the, you know what I mean? Have to look into the sun. See, Jerry Jones was asked about the possibility of putting up curtains to block out the sun at at t Stadium. He said, well, let's tear the a m stadium down and build another one. Are. you kidding me? I'm saying the world knows where the sun is. You get to know that almost a year in advance. Someone asked me about the sun. What about the sun? Where's the moon? I, I need to hear this World. What the fuck? Fuck To understand what the fuck talking about.


Hey man, listen, are you kidding? I hear, I hear world, world, you know where the sun is, Dude. The the world knows where the sun is. Yeah. And so do architects Yeah. And people that build stadiums. And usually you try to avoid the fact that the sun might be directly in your receiver's eyes. Dude, Whatever it is you have. I mean, at Arrowhead, there is a time, can I Put, is there a recording of this? There is. I wanna hear how Jerry says this. I can't repeat this. And there is, say it with the right inflection. There is one a hundred percent a time at Arrowhead Stadium where it's an afternoon game, and typically it has to be a noon game. You know, the, the Sun's already kind of going down by four o'clock and getting underneath the stadium at this point in, in the year. But there is a time, if there is a noon game that in the first and second quarter, maybe even peaking into the third quarter, that you're gonna get that sun coming across the field.


So it's like If, you have a hitch, like it doesn't necessarily go downfield or like, like how this is coming through the end zone in Dallas. But I think catch that point, that that's point, that's point, point that you put the stadium so that Yeah. Have it going across the stadium. Don't have it so that you're gonna be looking right back at where the ball's gonna be coming from 90% of the time. No, but it's Gonna look beautiful when the song just glare through there in the afternoons. And it does look beautiful. I do love playing in, in Cowboy Stadium. When that's happening, it makes it feel really cool. Cool it, until you miss a touchdown, Have to catch your football Knowing that, I mean, we gotta fucking block that thing out. I mean, have we played outfield before? I guess in Jerry's defense, you would think the Cowboys would know this is an issue and they could use it to their advantage, but I don't know.


Yeah. Where's the moon? Where's the moon? The old moon got in the way. Coach said no one ever, they're gonna be like a solar eclipse one night. And like Jerry's gonna, I don't know. I think that this is one of those like Jerry iss where you gotta hear him saying it for it to make sense. Well, Jerry doubled down on his, his son Theory Tuesday saying at and t Stadium was built as an indoor stadium with an outdoor feel. Okay. Yep. People appreciate that kind of stuff. They Do. I do like an indoor Outdoor stadium. I don't want to adjust the stadium for one reason.


It's an advantage for us. Okay. The stadium has been an advantage for the Cowboys. The team knows where the sun is during the game and it won't change. He's got a point. The, the, the Cowboys have been very good at home. We had that stat up earlier. The Eagles haven't beaten them since 2017. And I think it's pretty apparent the Eagles have had better teams than the Cowboys. And we have struggled down there. It's a difficult place to play for a multiplicity of factors. I've never noticed the sun as much, but I'm also not catching that many balls. So maybe there's something there. I don't know. I, I, I, I do. That's my thing. It's like it's If. you know where the sun's at. I mean, you can kind of like try and avoid that I guess. Or like maybe aware like a 10 advisor. I don't know LeBron's stat of the game.


Jalen Hertz is the third player in NFL history with 75 passing touchdowns of 50 rushing touchdowns. So yeah, not bad. That's LeBron stat. Not Bad because that, That's both equally as impressive as it is pointless. So, because nobody cares about being the third player. Everyone wants to be the one player. As we know the Cowboys are struggling Right now they're in a free fall. I'll actually be in Dallas Monday night and I'll get to see this, Hey Sun, this Sun Moon stuff firsthand to get, be able to offer my perspective potentially afterwards. Although, yeah, I don't It'll any, see Jason can catch a, can catch a over route in the sun. That's a good idea. See that's a great idea. Let's see it, dude, let's see it. It'll Be, it's not a, it's a Nike.


You'll have to do this before. Yeah. So I'll have to do it before. Yeah. And I think Ryan and Swag usually go on NFL live a couple, like three hours before the game so that it should be right around that time. Yeah, Let's, maybe I can go in there and try and catch it across It or let's prerecord it. Let's prerecord it. Let's pick out the exact time that this play happened and see if Jason can run full speed and catch catch. I'm gonna come back here a pass, right? I'm gonna come Back the next week with a broken nose. I know Balls. You crush me. Be like Marsha Brady. Yeah. Next week the Eagles are taking on the Commanders on Thursday night Football. That's right. We got a good one. Baby little divisional game. Probably the biggest game in the division. Those two teams are playing very fucking well.


This Is huge. Last time both teams had records more than one game above 500. Entering the game was November 26th, 2000. Wow. How about that? 2000? Damn. Been a while. Who was on those 2000 teams? 2000 would've been Donovan. I don't know who would've been on Washington. I mean Clinton Portis Maybe. That's actually, that's a while ago. Brad Johnson. Wow. How about that Trick shot Brad? He's all, he's all over the internet doing trick shot. Shout out to Brad Johnson, man. Heck yeah. Alright, let's keep this thing moving and get out of the house because Jason was loose as a goose over there on the West Coast. Baby all Out of the house.


That's right


Out of the house is brought to you by Coke. Zero. Sugar Tackle game day with the irresistible taste of Coke Zero. Sugar Is it, the Best, Coke Ever. Try it and decide.


Jason stop by Eagles Bar in LA like he said to watch the Birds. How was it Jason? It Was awesome. We were staying in Santa Monica for the game. So. we kind of hit up the local spots there. I think Garage might have been a little bit outside of that, but we ended up going to Britannia and the Garage Motor Club I think is the full name of the bar. Nice. The whole weekend though was fun. It was. It was a great time. Have any out There? Garage beer in there? A lot Of food. They did not have any garage beer. Gotta, we're still trying to get over there on the west coast to talk. We gotta get over there to the west coast. I talked to the guys about it. We're in the process. We're still working that out. How was the La Eagles fans compared to the natives back in Philly? Obviously they get to celebrate their Philadelphia fandom Being together at these bars while, you know, Eagles games are happening or Sixers or all this stuff.


So it's a fun moment for everybody to get together. You're not around it constantly like you are in Philadelphia. So I think, you know, you could tell that this is much more of an event and a production for all the local guys and girls that live out that way. Yeah. So it was cool. It was really awesome to be out there. I was trying to make it more of just like a papa and show up. Like, not be like a whole production, but it turned into a whole production. But it was still fun. Everybody was super nice. The energy was crazy. Obviously they were beating the crap outta Dallas, which leads to good energy from Eagles fans. Yeah. But. yeah, it was a great time. Met a lot of really good people. Have some stories and enjoyed it.


Love it. Did you run into more Eagles fans or Rams fans out there? I I Honestly, I'm probably saying Eagles fans. Yeah. I mean they're everywhere. LA's weird. LA is such a transplant city that there's really fans from all over the country there. Yeah. Like even the bar that I was saying even before we went to the two Eagle bars, I mean All the coast, all the coasts have that though. And I think no doubt, I think LA and New York do have that die hard fan base. It's harder in football because they haven't had that one team be there for the entire, like the entire year. Yeah. Rams were there and they left and they came back. Yeah. Like the Rams left, it came back. The Raiders have been in and out. The Chargers now are there. So it's like the, the, the fans kind of, I dunno, latch onto whoever's good at the time because it's fun to watch and it's tough.


And then I'm sure it's been hard on a lot of the, the fan bases or the, a lot of the diehard football fans to just fully commit to a team when the ownership fucking yanks 'em outta there every 10 to 15 years. Yeah. I'll also say that I went to two Eagles bars, so obviously I saw a ton of Eagles fans. Like there was, there you go at the Rams game. There were tons of Rams fans in the stadium. Yeah, Rams house baby. They definitely get it rocking for sure. But The big Deans bar down there, the Giants bar, like there's, there's people from all over the country in LA and that was one of the cool things is like, there's just, it's a melting pot, right? You're seeing people from all over the country, all over the world. Yeah. It's the land opportunity. There's a lot of business that brings people together out there. It was fun.


I enjoyed my time there greatly. Had a lot of great food. Jason, you got into a pushup contest? I Did Rocking the Golds Gym tank that you that you got That is kids were out at the, at Ram's house and I'm not, I was impressed, man. 54. I'm not gonna lie. I I did not think I was gonna get 54. I'm very 50 Happy with this performance. 50. There's no way my shoulders would snap, my shoulders would snap You started. I mean, I would've You did better than me. I would've, I I would've went to a knee way before this. You fought through and you dug deep and you could tell you were grinding them out. Yeah, And I, and I got my ass kicked by a bunch of Navy Seals who are much better at pushups and a lot of things than I am.


But this was awesome to be out there on Veterans Day with a bunch of guys that had served for this country for a number of years and to have some fun like this. It, it was a really, really cool experience and just a awesome way to, you know, pay tribute the whole evening was paying tribute to people in our military and armed services and it's awesome. Was its always fun. I think it's one of the best things the league does, Man. Yeah. The the what the, the Salute to Service Week is always Like, it's the entire month of November. It just, it changes depending on what teams have home games and when they specifically have their salute to service game and stuff. But. yeah. It's the reason why I wear the, the army fatigue, green gloves throughout the week.


And I typically try and get at least one pair to, to somebody in, in uniform or afterwards find somebody that's served or is serving now. So it's, it's awesome. And we always pay our respects to those that are, that are serving this beautiful country and we appreciate you guys forever for it, man. Absolutely. What was the guy in the black doing? Dude, I don't know what this dude served. Like how many, I forget what, how many years Seth was in. Dude, he's doing like the worm in the Military. I have no idea if he's got bad hips, bad shoulders. Maybe that's a technique. All I know is doing 93 of whatever the fuck he's doing. I couldn't have done 93 of it.


That's all I know. It ain't cheating. It ain't, yeah. Whatever it is. He is doing them 93 Is still a lot in one minute and he killed it. So I'm happy for Him. All right. Anything else you wanna mention in this trip? Nah man. It was just fun. You know I went to a lot of local spots, like I said, had a bunch of great food. Went to this burger. I don't know man. We, we, it it was a fun, it was a very, very fun weekend in la. Ran into Brandon one of the nights, which is always good. Did not see jets. Jake. He did not make the time for me, unfortunately. Yeah. Had a, had a good time Jets. Jake is, It's too busy. He's on social all the time. He doesn't leave the house except to walk his dog.


It's a tough life for Jets. Jake Right now He's also in depression with, that's what's happening with the Jets Right now. It's tough. It's, it's tough. We're actually gonna have a video going up on some out of the house stuff, so we'll see how that turns up. Nice Travis. Like Jason, I'm just so proud of you For of what Travis? For Getting out of the house. You're such a whole body Dude. It was a fun, It was a fun week. Grinding Right. now you're glowing. Look at you. I love meeting people. That's what I like being outta the house. I don't, I this is the first time I've ever heard of that. No, I've always liked the people part. It's the walkie and moving part that I don't like as much.


Alright. Yeah. That Does it for outta the house. Brought to you by Coke. Zero Sugar.


Let's keep this thing moving to what else is going on in the NFL. Like Jared Goff bringing the Buns Stats back. That's right. Mm. An incredible buns stat in the lions win over Houston became the third quarterback in the last 30 years to win a game while throwing five interceptions. How crazy Is that? Well, Jared, as a fellow, as a fellow Buns Stats representative Jared, I'm proud of you for finding a way to fucking win. That's right. Because God dammit, it is hard in the NFL. Shout Out to Jake. What is it? Jake Bates two big field goals at the end. Oh yeah, yeah. The actual, yeah, the actual game. That was a fun game. That was a fun game to watch. We were all watching it after hanging out, watching that game and we were screaming, we want six, we want six.


And then we weren't talking about touchdowns. We wanted to see that guy throw the six interception and still find a way to win. We wanted that, that button stat to be way more epic than it. And it already was. Shout out to golf and the lions though, man those guys are fucking playing hard. They got a big one this week too. Did you, Did you hear Dan Campbell speak into existence? The interception coming outta half. He's talking to the reporter. You know they do like the little on field stuff and the the half starts, right? Houston's starting with the ball first play of the second half. And Campbell said, we just, we just gotta keep our head down, get a couple things, go our way, get a couple turnovers and as soon as he says it, interception for the audience.


Nice. Talk about speaking it into existence. Fighting Dan Campbell's baby. Yeah. Baby. International games. We had the final international game in Germany between the Panthers and the Giants. Wow. An absolute barn burner of the two and two seven teams after Goodell said the league is looking to play upwards of eight games outside of the United States in 2025, including Ireland. Ooh. NFL has also announced. That sounds fun. They will play a game. Yeah. That sounds super fun Dude. I am in on all Of these A little Dublin. Where do you Think it is. You think it's dub It's gotta be Dublin, right? It's Gonna be Dublin I would assume. Yeah, it's gotta be Dublin. Get a Little Guinness factory in NFL has already announced that it will play a game in the renovated stadium in Madrid. Yeah. That will return to the Aio Azteca in Mexico City for the first time since 2022 when we played.


Yeah. And and you loved That, right? It's It was a nice mile long walk from the locker. Locker room shit. Yeah. It was sweet though. It was fun. Yeah, it was a fun I do to remember you talking about how long the walk was from the locker room to the field. It was, it wasn't going down the ramp. It was coming up from half and you're just like, why the fuck did we just stay on the field? Yeah. But Mexico City was an awesome, awesome place to play. The Aztec was fucking so fucking lit. And there's a lot of history in that place. Yeah. And it makes you, it makes you feel like you're, you're in a bunch of just like a crazed environment for fucking competition. I love that shit. That's awesome. And the league is expected to be back in Brazil, in Germany in 2025. So is this too much?


Is this too much flying dude? Not To me players. That's what I'm fucking saying, man. Fucking send me to the mood. I Don't, I don't play anymore. Like Send me to the mood. For Me it's just a reason to go to a fun place to watch a football game. Like there you go. Are they traveling too much or going to Dublin? Ireland. Like not if I get to go to Dublin, Ireland. I'm all on board with this. Well this is what You did when I played in London last. Yeah. I came and watch you Guys. You came out and then you went with the family over to Ireland. Yeah, It was, it was our buy week and I went out and we You guys are playing what? Detroit? Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. Found a way to get a dw. My guy Alex Smith had a great game. Yeah. I am all in. I'm all in on all these international games. As long as most of the Eagles games are still in Philadelphia, I'm all in on all the international games.


I love it. I love the international games. Maybe get one over in Australia though. Let's go the other Way. They've been talking about that for a while. I, I want, I was curious that he didn't mention Australia. We've been going east. Let's go west. Well I think you can go either way. you can go either east or west to, you can run into it. I think the Aussies would fucking get so rowdy. Play one of those rugby Stadiums or one of those Australian football league stadiums. New Zealand. Hoo. Yeah, those things get fucking rocking so I can only imagine. Yeah, New Zealand is a different country but it is. Yeah, I that's what I Said. It's kind of the same though I said Australia or New Zealand. Or New Zealand. Okay. Okay. All right. My bad. How you thought? I'm sorry my dude.


I mean I used to Think. it was the same thing. It's pretty much the same. All right my dude. Moving On to Steelers against the commanders. Obviously we just talked about the Eagles have a tough matchup against the commanders this week. The commanders lost to the Steelers this past week in a very close game that came off to a Offsides jump. Came down to it. Yeah. Watch this clip. They come up fourth and one. I mean, you know they're not gonna run a play at the 50 yard line 'cause if they don't get it, you're basically guaranteeing a field goal. I mean you don't know that. Yeah, I mean we're definitely running a play but you know they're, that the chance of them running a hard, you can't jump off sides. You kind of know that there's a chance they're gonna do this hard count.


That's tough. Gosh, that's tough. My man Isaac Omalu signal him first down. Russ is happy. He's Doing the freaking, how can he not be man? He's doing the, He's just suff one in there. Mr. Limited dance. I think that was actually the, put that shit on dance. Oh, Okay. Steelers coach Mike Tomlin on getting the commanders to jump off sides on a clutch fourth down the reporter. I assume you were not gonna go for it there on the fourth down Mike Tomlin. We'll never know. Will we You know I am a degenerate. I am a degenerate. God damn. That's good. How about that? Yeah, just gotta keep on their toast. You never know. Hey Travis, which way were you supposed to go on this?


We'll never know. I, I think the more I think about it, you probably do go for it on fourth and one there. 'cause there's a lot of time left. And If, you get it. The game's over. How confident do, do you feel we'll Know? Yeah. We'll never know what Mike was gonna do, that's for sure. Yeah. Is it hard not to false start? No, it is not hard. I'm assuming. So this is what happens when some of the producers read the questions guys. They said, is it hard to not false start? I don't know. Is it hard to not false start for the offense? No, it's, it's If. it is the play that they're talking about where they're not gonna run a play. It is incredibly easy not to false start. You're actually incredibly dumb. If. you do false start because there's no play. That being said, I have false, started not knowing what the play was before.


Never in a game. But in practice when you rep this one time, I was like, oh, Doug's like, what are you doing man? There's no play. And I'm like, yeah, I don't know why that just happened. I'm stupid for that. And Doug was like, it's A good cadence coach. It's a good Case. I. like, I was like, I'm really dumb for that. And Doug was like, we Do that. They're gonna gonna jump. Yeah. I was just letting You know I wasn't locked in and if we catch them not locked in, that's what's gonna happen. I think The, the more applicable question, is it hard to not jump as a defensive player And probably not. I mean, typically everybody's reminding each other on both sides in this situation. I mean, you would hope so. Maybe the, maybe the commanders didn't, Didn't signal it in like typ like any situation like that, you're typically telling them DJ or like dude, do not jump on the snap.


Like it is okay to be a tch off of it, but maybe not. Maybe they, they just want all on. I don't know. Yeah. Does the defense know you're not running a play? I mean they might have had, that's the thing about this. They can go with a hard count and try and jump 'em off sides but also have a play designed after that. I still gotta think that they were probably not gonna run a play there. They still had a couple timeouts so they probably were gonna try and draw 'em off sides then take the timeout and decide whether they were gonna either punt or go for it Or just fucking do a QB sneak right there. They're not doing a QB c You know how I know that? Nope. The quarterback's feet the quarterback, when they do quarterback sneaks gets a foot behind him.


He's got even feet. He's not running quarterback sneak right there. He could change him up though on the second cadence I guess. I suppose. There you go. Poop gate. Woo. Lions linebacker. James Houston went viral this week up for allegedly shitting his pants on the field. Stop it. This is, this is rough. Oh, This is why I hate white pants is one the reasons I hate white pants. I I I, I would like to say that I have not ever done this and luckily I haven't been out there during a game and done this before. But listen, sometimes you know, you're exerting a lot of effort on the field and If you get caught in the wrong type of gut situation. Nah dude. What do you mean if he said it right here?


Hey y'all, I sat on some Gatorade tomorrow. Come on Dude. Travis. Travis. You and I both know, he ain't said, I know Gatorade not in that exact specific spot. We all know what that is. And he has nothing to be ashamed of. I am here to have your back jam. I have done this dude, I I did this before A game once. What is this high school? And I felt, you know like when you, when you, when you start and you know that there's a possibility, something just came out but you're not certain. And I Remember turning my pants, you gotta get off the field. I turned and I'm not gonna announce names. I turned to my buddy, my old line friend and I was like, Hey, can you check me? 'cause I think I might have just shut myself. Right? Check me. You Check. And he checks me. He says, you're good.


I go out for warmups, do the whole warmups lane comes up to me after warmups. He's like, Hey, you got shit all up and down your pants Right now. So in between warmups in the start of the game, I, That should seep through. I keep my shoulder pads on, take off all of my under like yeah. All of My lower half, all of it. Get in the shower and showering. Oh, that's funny as fuck. You felt that nasty you had Dude. I was, it was disgusting. Yeah, I get it. But. yeah. This is not the first time it's happened. I know of many players that this happened to. It could potentially be Gatorade. I think it's probably highly likely it was a shark that went awry because it's just like this, like white pants man.


It's risky. It'ss a risky situation. You gotta, You gotta eat right? You gotta take your vitamins, make sure that gut health is right. All right, I'm done talking about shitting yourself. Alright Coach Quote of the week comes from saints interim interim, Interim head coach. Gotta win Saints big Win after Darren. Yeah, Darren. Izzy. After the win I against the Falcons, I'm pretty open guy. Nice. That's a good treat. I go to the bathroom. This is how my day started. I clogged a toilet. Wow. I'm like this is gonna be a crappy day. Pun intended. Guy got fired up, he clogged the toilet. Yeah, I mean listen, he's an open guy. He's an open book. Not afraid to admit anything. Yeah, it's just another list in the category.


Sounds Like he was patting himself on the back there. It's like he's letting him know, Hey I'm a man. I take big shits. Hey Shits. I don't need no modem. I'm gonna fucking clog this shit up. Well you better have some good pipes. Oh my gosh. Yeah. What is it about interim coaches? Man, it feels like they always win their first game. It's like routine. I think it's a mixture of teams motivated to play harder. You know I think everybody, nobody wants to see anybody get fired. But at the same time, everybody wants to kind of be there for whoever's job it is to step in. You know, that's not an easy thing to do. And I think sometimes that can kind of circle the bandwagons for teams on top of that.


You know, you see one per one guy get fired, you see the headman get fired at that shit. Everybody's on fucking notice. No doubt everyone's, you know, a little bit more dialed in, a little bit more locked in and who knows what else the, what other motivating factors were going on in the building or who they got back or things like that. But maybe even a switch up a scheme, a little bit more unknown on what the, the play calls are gonna be. Yeah. All that plays into part for sure. And that does it for bold topics. Moving on to no dumb questions 'cause it's no it's, there's no such thing as dumb questions. Just dumb ass people answering some dumb questions.


Hey young. Wait, what? No dumb questions is brought to you by our friends at BURGER. KING. Man that Whopper was so good. Good. It was pretty damn good. I'm not gonna lie. That's sesame bun. Yeah, it's got my mouth watering Right now I'm kind of hungry myself. I might go get a burger for for dinner now. A little BURGER KING lobber first, no dumb question.


How hard is it really to make Oline position to move Oline positions up? Like when a right guard moves to Le left guard? Sometimes announcers act like it's no big deal but sometimes they act like it's the most impressive thing an NFL player can do. I imagine it's like driving on the other side of the road. I would say it's a little bit harder than driving on the other side of the road. Some players are very good and natural at switching sides and are ambidextrous. It's probably, it's more similar to probably switch hitting on like a in baseball. But hitting a baseball is just way harder. What it really comes down to is you're, you're using your feet in a different stance and stagger than you do on the other side of the ball. And you maybe more importantly, your hands have to be used differently.


Like your inside hand placement is obviously with a different hand and that has a lot to do with how you pass that and your relationship with the defender. So I would say it is definitely hard. But some guys are make it are, are very good at it and it's not difficult at all. They can go back and forth. A lot of it is player specific. Some guys are awful. When you try and have 'em play another side, they just can't figure it out quickly and some guys can switch over like it's nothing. And that's one of the reasons why backup guys that can play both sides and move and play either left or right, The tweeners, it's, It's a valuable thing to have. We had a few of those guys. Yeah. This always reminds me when I'm talking about this to the Pro Bowl.


Back when you actually used to play the game, the biggest issue all week was always that all of the Pro Bowl tackles that made it were always left tackles. Left tackles and somebody had to go play right And nobody wanted to play right because it's, it was a different, like your right legs back in the instead of your left, you're using your hands different. They all didn't wanna play it and it would devolve into the youngest guy with the least pro bowls always had to play right. And he would be getting his ass kicked every game and we'd have to slide it over to him because that was the only problem with the, the the pass rush. So it's definitely a thing. It's definitely hard but for some guys it's easier than others. I would assume that it's like driving on the other side of the road.


Alright, there we go. And then at Wee's version If, you could pick one article of clothing to wear for the rest of your life. What would it be? Interesting. That's a tough question. Where am I at in the world? Yeah. And what is like does this mean if I pick a shirt, I can't wear pants. I'm assuming this is like what outfit or do I have to wear like suspenders because I gotta get like top and bottom like coverage Again, this is, there's not enough to this question. Let's go, let's assume it's outfit. Let's say, let's say you get shoes, a lower half and a upper half. That's what you get. Again, where am I at? Well this is, this is the whole point. You don't know. Yeah you only get to choose it for and it has to be ready to adapt to any place that you might be.


Alright, well then I'll go, I'll go hoodie and sweatpants and some Jordan's, Hoodie Sweaters, Jordan's, I Jordan's. I can, I can do every, actually not Jordan's. I gotta go like combat boots. Yeah, I Was about to say you can't go Jordan's. You can't go Jordan's Combat boots, combat Boots, All purpose. And that's why they're combat boots. They gotta be ready for everything. If. it starts to get really hot. Roll those things, roll those fuckers up, shorten those sleeves up, maybe tuck the, get rid of the hoodie. Yeah. Put it in your fucking, are You allowed To take it off? Put pouch? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You just cut the hoodie, put it in your, in your sweatshirt pouch though.


Well If you cut it then it's ruined forever. No, then you put it in your pouch and when you need it again you just put it right on. So It's a zipper hoodie. No one of those zipper ones where the hoodie Come, just tuck it underneath the, you can find a way. I would go wool clothing 'cause it's antimicrobial so I don't have to worry about it getting as dirty as cotton or synthetic materials. Okay. A decent medium thickness wool. So that I'm pretty warm most of the time and I'm trying to stay outta cold climates. I would go with a decent medium wool sweat because it's breathable so that when it's hot out you still get some breathability and when it's cold out it still retains some insul insi insulatory properties.


And then I would go wool socks and I would go hiking boots so that you're kind of good to do whatever you want in 'em. You are gonna be be one smelly motherfucker because wool, everything is going to be hot as fuck. No, no. It breathes. It breathes. No it doesn't. W wool is a known breathable. Breathable Jason. Yeah. You wear wool in 80 degree weather. You are sweating your ass off. Well just roll the, the pant legs up. You're still gonna steer shit's on your back and your chest. If it's on your shoulders, you're gonna start to Sweat. What did you say you were going for? Pants, Sweatpants. I'm just going sweatpants. So how is that? You don't think that's gonna be hot in 80 degrees? No, not if I roll it up. Whatcha are you talking about?


Not if I roll it up, But If you got the wool. The wool breeze better than cotton. Are you going cotton sweatpants? No. What are you going I'm going wool sweat. Sweat Everyone. You're going those wool sweatpants. Alright.


That does it for no dumb ass questions. I'm sick of these dumb ass questions. You guys come up with some really fucking good dumb questions. Please, please, because are not, not dumb questions please. I'm, I'm starting to get kinda pumped. That does it for no dumb questions. It's brought to you by BURGER KING. Hey, it does.


And that does it for this episode of New Heights. Thank you so much for watching another episode of New Heights. Yay. Make sure you're subscribe on YouTube, the new Heights channel and follow on new Heights on the Wondery app or wherever we get your podcasts. Reminder. you can listen to new episodes of New Heights, early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. You heard the man make sure you join on Wondery Plus. But also make sure you guys check out Roadhouse so you guys could be up to date on our movie review in the new Heights Film Club. Ah, Yeah. Once again, new Heights is a onery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and presented by Lowe's Score with The Lowe S app, Download Now. Follow the Show and all social media at New Heights show with one s. And thanks to our production and crew again for always making it look way better than what we are and to the 92 Percenters. Thanks for tuning in. You guys might want to tune in next week. I heard it's gonna be a crazy one. Hey, that's a nice cup there. What is that thing? Dude, I thought you had like a little like my tie for a second. What is that? It's a lucky beaver. Shut The fuck up. Yeah, Dude, They have cups now. When I was there, I guess they do, they they do have a wall of like merch that you can go buy. They do. They had a bunch of cool shirts and that was one of the cups that I was like, yeah, I'm definitely Selling. What do you think the Lucky Beaver means? I don't really ask questions. I think some things are some, some things are best left unsaid. A 24 hour, seven days a week bar and Tahoe. Yeah, On the Nevada side. I don't really, I just, just frequent. I don't ask Follow New Heights. on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Did you know I'm a big Peloton guy? Especially the Peloton tread. I think I did know this And apparently I'm in great company because JJ Watt and TJ Watt might be the Peloton guys after seeing these outputs, they posted what are the watts made of? And TJ and TJ beat 'em. TJ beat 'em. TJ was seven, so he was eight and somehow TJ got seven. This is especially for how big they are. I don't even know how this Is possible. They're big dudes. Yeah, no, I'm skinny. Like that's usually, this is like skinny guys, big old quads. This is mind blowing to me. This dude just went out, got three sacks and hopped on the Peloton and put out that type of performance. Well, one thing for certain Peloton is a perfect place for some good old fashioned sibling rivalry. That's right between the two of us and the watts. We might just have to find out for real who's taking that top spot on the leaderboard. Find your push, find your power with Peloton at one Peloton dot com.