
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, early And Ad Free Right. Now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.


Here we go. Let's get it going. If You can't tell I, don't give a fuck. 'cause I got zero care. This ERs the least stressed I've ever been after week one. This ERs amazing. That's actually really good. What's That you're worried about when? Next week. How you just getting to talk shit on people for a living now? So good. Hey Welcome. back to New Heights. Ladies and gentlemen. 92 Percenters. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports. And Entertainment


And. Brought to you by BUFFALO WILD. WINGS. Let's go. Sports Bar. Yes. That's s right. Ladies and gentlemen, we're back to our favorite spot to go grab wings for any game time.


We are your host. I'm Travis Kel ERs my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland, Heights Ohio. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcast. And Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s ERs, the 92 Percenters. No Jason. tell the people what we got coming up. We got Another great episode. 92 Percenters. In fact, this ERs officially our 100th episode. That's s right. Whoa. It's our hundredth. Did you ever think we'd make a hundred of these when we started Jason? I thought we were gonna get Canceled after like the first week. Yeah. I mean, I'm not gonna lie. That's probably the correct. If I was a betting man, I would've put those odds down rather than get to a hundred. Yeah. It doesn't feel like we've Don a hundred.


No, it doesn't. This has been fun. Yeah, it's been fun. Let's do a hard mark. Are you What? What's up with the Laker shirt? Oh, the back to back. Just saying. Oh. ERs. That. Why? That's cool. Yeah, but you should have like a, a, a Bul jersey. 'cause they, they were the ones That did the Threepeat. Yeah, they did the Threepeat. That's why I got the, they Did a Threepeat twice. That's why I got the thirteens on. He wanted the year. Oh, Okay. Gotcha. Count. Just a hoopers fit. Makes sense. All right. You wanted to revert. Although Based on his last game, I know What's going on. Right. Now I know what's going on. Right. Now, last day you worked 14, but I Know exactly why you're back into the Hoopers Fit because everybody saw what you were wearing at the US Open. And That. You went complete opposite Hoopers Fit. Yeah. I went Country Club. It was tennis.


What do you want me to do? It was tennis. Yeah, you went country club. So you gotta recorrect your brand image. You gotta go back to your roots. My Brand image. Listen, you know me. I'm a chameleon man. I. Just I Float. I float. And I. Just blend. I. Just blend in the trees, babe. Alright, Right. Well. We won't get into That now. I'm sure that's somewhere in here. We're gonna celebrate the hundredth episode in New Heights by Finally. Talking about NFL games. That's s right. We're gonna cover all the week one action, including the Chiefs Week one, one And. Oh, start to start the season. The Eagles win in Sao Paulo And. We're also gonna get out of the half to talk about Monday Night Countdown in the Bay Area. And Travis ERs Low key Sunday out there at the U us O B. Super low key, super low key, didn't do much.


Another reminder for all our 92 Percenters. If you want to listen to us early without any interruptions, And, get bonus content. We're giving you three months free of Wondery Plus. Hey. What do you guys wanna get from us from bonus content? I. Guess we're open to Suggestions. Yeah, I'm, I'm, we're definitely open to suggestions. Wondery Was like Hey. If Wondery Plus gets bonus content, we're like, we don't really have bonus content. We can just put it all out there. Send It. So whatever bonus content you think would be interesting to you guys. That, we can charge you more money for I. Guess let me know. And, we'll put it in this Wondery three app Thing. I, don't think this ERs one of those situations. Yeah, that's funny. ERs hell but yeah.


24 hour live stream of, of a bane life of Jets. Jake, maybe, I'm not gonna lie. I would watch That. I'll pay the Wondery Plus just to see what That looks like. Yeah. I am very curious. What do you think Jet Jake Jets Jake ERs doing right now? Not gonna lie. I think it's a lot of very uninteresting things. That Was fucked up 24 Hours of Jake ERs probably similar to like Adam Shefter. He ERs just on social media all day waiting to see what gets put out into the internet ERs sphere. He's just collecting data I. That's how you know he cares. Can We bring Jake, Jake on? Let's have Jake comment. Jake, what do you think? What do you, what do you got going? I'm Here.


I'm here. Jet James. Hey. Hey. How We doing? Dude, you're looking great. Brandon Well, how are you doing? How are You doing? I mean? Yesterday was rough. How does it feel to have all of your dreams just crushed right at the start of the season? Brandon sent me a clip of Robert Salas saying like, losing with Aaron Rogers being healthy ERs better than winning without him. Which I guess ERs true. But man, That sucks. Oh my God. He said That. Yeah. He was like being one of, oh, last year. ERs worth worse than being o And won this year. Which I guess ERs true. But man, That sucked. I mean I. Think everybody knows what he's saying. Yeah. I, get it. Yeah. But in terms of, yeah, no one wants a 24 hour live stream of my life.


Dude. Jets are back, baby. That's funny. ERs hell, No one wants to see a 24 hour live stream of my life. That would be incredibly boring. And a lot of just me looking at my phone on the couch. But we'll do it if Wondery, if Wondery Plus wants it, I'm game. What else do you do besides looking at your phone? Ah, what Are hobbies? What are my hobbies? I Don't know. I like, Yeah. What are your hobbies? Jake I. Walk my dogs a lot. We go on hikes Night. Your big walker. What kind of Dog? I got you're I A Beagle. And. Like a VLA Mix Beagle. He's like kind of a beagle VLA mix. Yeah. They're, they're great. They're they're good dogs. They need some exercise, man. Do you, do you take 'em out a Lot? Yeah. I do. All right. Right walk every morning.


My, my wife does a lot of the walking too. She takes 'em down to the beach. Okay. He just, you just fucking said you do. You don't do shit, dude. You I don't do a lot of shit, dude. I do I go on a lot of hikes. I'm not gonna lie. My wife walks Them a lot. right, Dude. I don't do a lot of shit. I. I. Watch Football. I. Watch Football. And hang Out. Alright. right? Sounds like you're very dedicated to the show. And. That's why We love you, Jake. Yeah. What are the names of your dogs? Carl And Lloyd. That's like just, you just got roommates. What are, what are their last names? ERs? It Lloyd Christmas. No, they're, they're chats skis now. No. Carl Mathers. They The Chats Now. We're the Chats Ski family. Now. I made That Legal. I'm a big fan of human names for dogs. So Well. Don. All right. That was riveting. Thank you for coming on, Jake. Thank you.


All right. Thanks guys. Best of luck next week. Good luck to the Jets baby. And I. Guess That ERs. True. We'll get to the Jets later. But I, guess That ERs. I mean. You got the guys in the building. That can That can win you some ball games. I, get it. I Think. I understand. Yeah. That Sounds. We'll get to That later. This ERs only available For a limited time Ladies and gentlemen. So get going. Visit Wondery dot com slash new Heights offer to redeem this offer. But first up, ERs always 92 Percenters. That's S right. It's time for New news. New news. Right coming in right. Hot


New News ERs presented by the MTV Video Music Awards. Hey. That's s right. Don't miss Music's most Iconic Night Live tonight. Wednesday September 11th at eight seven Central on MTV.


Hopefully Taylor can walk away with a few. She's nominated for about 10 of those things tonight. Oh, she ly She can walk away with some, some moonmen. Those are always one, one cooler trophies. Yeah. ERs, That ERs. That What? The trophies ERs. Yeah. The space. Guys. Let me get, let me get some eyes on this. It's, it's a Moonman I Don know. Oh, you seen it? This thing looks like MTV music. I. Think I know exactly what it ERs. It's the big Silver Moon guy with the American flag. I. Think. Yes. We landed on the moon Well. It's the MTV flag. But that's a really cool award. Let's go Tay. Come on Tay. Stay on top here. We, go I. Wishing everybody the best though. Unless you're up against Tay, then I. Hope you First items first. Jordan Mulatta Lane.


Johnson And myself. That's s Right. We're doing a new Christmas album, And. It's coming out November 29th. The third album ERs called a Philly Special Christmas party And. It features 13 songs, including three originals. I thought it was only two originals. There's a third one that's an original. There you go. Oh yeah. There's the three originals. There are special guest appearances from Boys of Men, Devin Gillihan, Travis Don. Don't know if you've heard of Travis Kel, but he's also on the album again. I made it. I made it again. Actually, I. Mean I. Guess we was just talking. It's Travis, myself, And Boys de Men. I like an r And B Christmas song. Don. Don't really know how this Happened. Oh, yeah. I can't wait. Exactly. Unleash. This Happens. Unleash this ERs. This ERs one of my favorite.


This ERs one of my favorite little creative like side jobs I've ever Don. So one of the members of the Philly Specials And, dear friend Zach wrote this song, And, when he first showed it to me, I was like, this ERs not a Christmas song. But the more I listened to it. I'm like, man, That's about ERs. Christmas. Christmas gifts. This might be the coolest Christmas song I've ever heard. Like this thing's got some flavor to it. Yeah. And Boys, men really put some sauce on it. It All ERs more And, more people have gotten in. Boys, men. Men threw their flare on it. Which ERs I mean Unbelievable. I Don't know That we ever thought in a million ERs. Well. I can definitely say I never thought in a million ERs. I'd be collabing on a song with Boys of Men. But I have zero musical talent.


There's no way I ever thought I'd be in any of this shit. Especially with Boys of Men. Pretty remarkable Knowing That. We grew up on Boys of Men being, you know, one of the, the main focuses on Christmas albums. Like they, they, they've, they've got a million just bangers of Christmas songs. So it's, it's definitely an honor to be on there with them. But excited to hear the rest of the album. You got a bunch of bunch of fun names on there. All I guess will be surprised when, when the, when the album comes out on the November 29th, Philly Special Christmas party will be sold. ERs a limited edition white vinyl And to pre-order. That. You can do That on November 1st. I don't know how fast these things will sell, but if you wanna insure it, I would suggest the pre-order kind of vibe proceeds from the album would be donated to local charities ERs.


We've Don in the previous two ERs. Nice, what Would be another holiday album? That would be good, do you think? Man, the only one I could think of. ERs like a fourth July. Oh, dude. Patriotic album. That. I wasn't going there, but That would be just a lot of fun. Yeah, I was thinking Halloween. I don't know what it ERs. There's like Halloween ERs creeping up there with some, some music. You don't like Monster Mash. For some reason, we were just listening to Monster Mash with Wyatt today. I don't even know what you're talking about. The Monster Mash. It was the monster. Meash How about the Meash. No, Never heard of it. Alright, Right? Alright Right Well. Screw me. All right.


What's another very musical oriented holiday? I Do I mean? 4th of July. ERs a good one. It ERs a very good one. It's Probably the only one I can think of. Well. Make sure you check out on November 1st to get That. Pre-order And check out the album on November 29th. Heck Yeah. Moving on to some other new news. If you're Wondery, what Jason has been up to during his new retirement phase. He's filming his own garage. Beer commercials. That's s Right. That's S Right. That's S Right. And. They're getting better And Better with every idea. This brilliant man comes up with. Yeah, the most recent one though, was him And Bo Allen washing some cars. Just Making sure the car stays clean.


And And enjoying a Nice garage while they're doing it. Yeah, we were little. We came up with this idea. I Dunno. I've always loved beer commercials. And. I've always loved like the old school, like whether it's Budweiser ads or the, you know, the most interesting man in the world, like I feel like beer commercials are always just iconically put in your brain. Yep. So when we decide course, Course, like commercials with the Love train. Yep, yep, yep. The, when we partnered with Garage I was like, right away. I'm like, man, we gotta like, we gotta try And do some fun ads. Yeah. Yeah. I. Hear you man. I. Hear You I. Think I got more time on my hands. So I'm trying to think of like, what, what are some ways That We can do some fun stuff.


And creatively. It's just, it's fun to think about different ideas. I'm a big idea guy. Not a big execution guy. Luckily we got a bunch of people That work with garage beer. That know how to execute ideas. Yep. I'm a big idea guy. Yeah, You bring, you bring it to the table. So, yeah, that's, this was our first one. We thought this one sounded the most fun. We knew That. It would generate a lot of buzz online. Yeah. This ERs just the first of many of Well I guess we've been doing it. But this ERs the first one. That. I've had kind of come up with Nice. So we'll see how they go from here. Did you always have Bo Allen in mind when you were thinking about washing cars? I knew I wanted some other big Hef shorts on.


I knew I wanted some big hefty I. Thought about, you know, Landon Dickerson, lane Johnson, Jordan Mulatta. Those guys are getting some current eyes. They're a little busy. They're a little busy right now. Bo I knew was gonna be in town. Nice, And I also don't know with current players what the rules are with alcohol. Like, it's, it's, yeah, I know That. There's like rules against alcohol endorsements, And stuff like That. So it's a fine line. But anyways, Bo was gonna be in town. I was like, Bo would be perfect. Kylie did not help film it. She was coaching her field hockey team. And actually being a productive human while Bo And. I drink 12 Pounders. And. Oh, you guys were getting Yeah. Watched a cyber truck. Yeah. Which by the way, ERs a little nervous.


'cause there's a lot of stuff out there. That. The cyber truck. Short circuits going through car washes. Don don't know if you saw That. I Don't read up on the cyber truck news. Why ERs That. I. Think it's just like they didn't seal something properly or something like That. But there was like, it did rain once And the car door, like kept opening. When I parked it until it like dried And, then it would close again. They, you know, they had to get these things out there. They had to rush 'em out. So they Had to rush 'em out. It took them like three extra, like summers to figure it out. Well, listen, When you're making it out of, you know, Listen, those look sweet. Steel Alloy. They send a space. Those gonna Take some, some time to figure out Those things Are sweet. I. Want the little, like I want it?


The little four. Four wheeler. Oh, the, the quad. The a TV. The said Was gonna be with it Quad. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe That comes out eventually. That thing looks sweet. That One looks dangerous. I cannot wait. That. Middle name's danger. Make sure you guys check out the garage. Beer ads. That That have came out. And. The ones That are yet to come because Jason ERs so creative. Oh, he's got a bunch of ideas. Well, we got more for you. And. That does it for a little new news presented by the MTV Video Music Awards. Make sure you watch the VMAs live tonight at 8:00 PM Eastern on MTV. Moving on to some fan mentions of the week. Ooh. Before we get into our bold topics from week one in the NFL, let's shout out some fan mentions.


Love it. We got quite a few mentions from the 92 Percenters about the Lama costume contest. Yeah. From last week's episode. Really botched this One. And. We really missed this one. I swear. This was actually one of the books. That I wanted to get my nieces Jason. Oh, don't worry. They got And. You already had 'em. Yeah. You already had this thing stocked up. This ERs a I. Think this ERs from every family has this book. And. They should. Yeah. Every since the nineties at Red Crested Hannah at JC Kelsey. Do you really not remember this book? The llama ERs The very hungry Caterpillar And. We completely missed it. Yeah. I Don't know how we did miss It. 'cause it's very obvious now looking at it. Eric, Carl, man, what a great book.


He's got a few classics. You know what I like about these ones too? Dude, they are quick. It's like Quicker In And out. The Eric Carl Little Kids' books are kind like the TikTok of kids' books. You're in And out of there. Boom. Oh, the Caterpillar run on the, on Monday. He ate cake on Tuesday. A salami on Thursday And. Then it's bing bang. Boom. He ate a leaf And. He got healthy again. We're outta here. Goodnight Kids. Yeah. It's not the Dr. Seuss book where you're just trying to figure out every word by yourself. You're just like, kid, Dude. It ERs I love the Dr. Seuss books too. But it ERs A Tuus.


A Dubus. Mordecai And Alan, OSHA Mordecai Ali I. Think that's how it was. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Anyways, Well. Don, thank you for pointing it out. We definitely missed That one. So appreciate the 92 Percenters. Keeping us in line there. Do you think We should have like a corrections segment of the show? Oh yeah. I mean, not really. That's I mean. You wanna talk about a a bonus episode? Oh, That could be a bonus. That could be a Bonus. A bonus episode of just corrections. And. Just shit That. Yeah. Like, yeah. You have to pay because it's censored. That's up. Everything censor. Have you Seen Nessy yet? Have you seen our, our New puppy? That's I'm, I've been watching That, baby Wolf That Coyote. Walking around behind you for the past like five minutes. Come on, come on, come on.


Ness. Oh, say hi to everybody. Oh, That ERs a good looking pup right there. Say hi to everybody. Girl. That's a good looking pup. Oh, Ho, ho, ho, ho. Yes. Yes. Girly. How you doing? Seems like an absolute sweetheart. She have ERs much fire ERs Winnie. She's coming off real sweet right now. She ERs a terror I. Love That. Like can get up in the sink already pulling dishes out with her teeth. Oh shit. She's the most food aggressive Dog we've ever had in our Life. Not Nice for anybody in the kitchen, but Nice. I'm gonna have to put her back outside. She's going through like, like bags right now.


She's just all she does, she tears with open bags of old food. It's ridiculous. Yeah. And. That's why you get the farmer's s Dog, who has a Ziploc bag? That. Well. It stays in the fridge. She can't open the fridge yet There. Good point. She Can't open doors though. I found. That out any door. That has like That, little That, little hinge one like this just Hits it. And. And. She Gets up And. She hits it, pulls it open. I'm like, what the fuck? ERs this Dog. She can put Hey. That's it. Don't, don't you go in That. Toilet bowl. The famous Kelsey way of fathering. Hey. Alright. Right. Well. Where were We? Don't make me get up. Oh. But anyways, yeah. Last thing you wanna make me do ERs get up. Corrections. I. Fuck. Get up. Huh? Hey.


It's about enough there. If Dad did get up, we were gonna get a spanking just for making him get up. It was, That was like, it was such a Jedi mind trick. Do not, you do not make a nineties dad. Get up off of his ass. That ERs the golden rule because once he gets up And, you start hearing because he He'll Boom. Oh fuck. Oh, it's a stamp. Yes. His legs are clearly still asleep. He can't feel the ground. So he ERs just stomping through the floorboards. It's been seated so long in front of a law And order television set. This ERs so good. All right. Yeah. Who knows? Maybe that's the bonus content everybody's looking for.


ERs. ERs. The corrections of the of the new Heights episodes. It's time to talk about our next sponsor. BUFFALO WILD. WINGS Jason. Now That, you've been officially retired. And, you're able to watch a lot more Football games this season. Where are you watching these games? Great question. Trav I. Think We. Both know the answer to That one. Should we say it at the same time? Yeah. 3, 2, 1. Beat up Beat Dubs. That's s right I. Haven't needed a place to watch Football in a long time because I've been on the field. But now I, do And. You know, I'll be right back at BUFFALO. WILD WINGS. That's s right. BD Dubs ERs the best place to watch Football with all of the games on tv. And, the sports bar. Tons of different kinds of beer.


And. Tons of different kinda wings. Don. Don't know if That, there's any combinations. Wings, beer, sports. I mean. What else would you rather have S right now? 92 Percenters. Make sure you follow Jason's lead here. And. Get to your favorite BUFFALO. WILD. WINGS location to watch Football this year. That's S Right Watch football. this season at Buffalo. Wild Wings. B. Dubs was built for football. BUFFALO, WILD, WINGS. Let's go. Go Sports. Let's sports. Barb I. Don't know how this timing ERs going,


but we need to shout out the sponsor. That, you probably see us drinking all the time. And. That's Accelerator Active Energy Drink. And. If you've ever been looking for ways to accelerate your day, look no further than Accelerator Active Energy drink Jason.


What flavor are you over there? Sip on. Got That cherry ice Pop. Ooh. Accelerator. Active Energy has zero sugar, gives you the sustained energy you need. And, accelerate your metabolism. It gives you enhanced focus. And Of course has great taste For all your 92 Percenters. Looking to get their hands on some accelerator Active energy drink. You can buy it at QuickTrip. Target And, Amazon And. Get this 92 Percenters. You can get free accelerator right now by heading to barcode bucks.com/accelerator. I know it sounds what? Like a, like a fake address, but it's not I. Assure you. Just buy your favorite flavor. Upload your receipt.


And, you can get reimbursed for $2.49 per can. That's crazy. I Promise. It's this ERs not a Ponzi scheme. Once again, you can get free accelerator by visiting barcode bucks.com/accelerator. Limit two per customer. Let's get to some bold topics to wrap up Week one in the NFL Hey Travis's game. That's s right. The chiefs open up the season. Once again, I. Guess you do That a lot when you win a bunch of Super Bowls. Chiefs 27 Ravens 20. There was a 20 minute weather delay because of thunderstorms. How annoying ERs it when the game gets delayed? I really don't care. No, I'm, I'm at such a peace at That. Point in the game.


Yeah. Or That point in like getting Ready. Ready. It doesn't mess up like warmups or anything. Like you get warmed up And then ERs you get cold. Jason. You know, We don't stretch. I'm not a big warmup guy. I'll stretch a little bit. I'll stretch. I'll stretch Right before I go out there. But I'm not doing a whole dynamic warmup in calisthenics. And. Like, Shit, I'm gonna do a couple Squats. Shit. Shit. I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do it during, Maybe get, do something to get the glutes engaged. And. Then I'm ready, Glutes. Fire the glutes. Get the posterior fired. If the Hips are working, everything else falls in line. I'm with you. I've been working all week on it. Although I, I will say recently I've had a bad back. So I had to, I've had to do some more core activation. Just, that's part of getting older. Corn hammies. Corn hammies. One gets all That lower back I Do this thing.


I do one thing. That's all I do. And. I. Go to lift I, take this Dow I put it in between my legs. So I pull with this hip flexor And push with like this Hamstring. Yeah. Oh yeah. That'll, that'll center your hips real good. Boom here. Boom, boom. Then I put a, then I do a groin deal. I do a good deal. Ready to start to lift Nice. You ever get a real big pop when you do the groin deal? I do. Yeah. Oh man. That's how you know you needed That exercise for sure. Yep. And. Then you go And squat one time. And your, your saum just goes Right back. Alright. right. So you said That. It wasn't annoying with the weather delay. No, we don't get too B. We don't get those very often. You know, I think we've had a, a lightning delay maybe like a handful of times in my career.


Was it a, was it a good thunderstorm? I didn't hear anything. There were, there were a bunch of cool pictures from like, the people That were in the stadium. Like they sometimes just like the stadium being lit up. And it being like a, a cloudy thunderstorm sky. It's just Don. Don't know. It's, it's a cool like look to it. Yeah. Yeah. It didn't bother anybody. Especially on our end. We were all just fired up. And just kind of at the edge of our seats. Ready to play this game. Love It. Love it. Yeah. Before we get into the game, let's start talking about what everybody else talked about after the game. Which ERs the league's new emphasis on offensive line. Procedural penalties. Who doesn't love a good offensive line? Procedural penalty to determine outcomes of games. Illegal formation Palooza.


The Ravens got off to a hot start with Derrick Henry scoring a touchdown. But the biggest talking point was the three flags flown for illegal formation on the opening drive. It was flags galore. And. We've been a part of this. We actually had a few of ourselves. You guys had this few on ourselves. Yeah. You guys had this I. Mean We had it last year. Who? We were one of the teams. That were nobody. That were really, Nobody has had a problem with it last year, right? Yes they did. And. I. I man. Juwan dude. That was, yeah, it honestly reminded me exactly of the game last year when he had like three penalties in a row. And. I was like I don't even know how that's possible. But It's, it's unfortunate. It's unfortunate.


The biggest thing ERs, That, the refs are making it a point to keep the offensive line not only on the line of scrimmage, but legal. Like it's just, it ERs what it ERs like. You have to check with them to make sure you're legal. Just like the wide receivers, And, And tight ends or whoever's on the line of scrimmage in, in terms of the skillset. So I will say I this ERs one of the reasons I'm not a fan of points of emphasis by officials. I, I really think That. They go out of their way to look for it. So anything that's close ends up getting called Which I I get That. We're trying to eliminate this And That. We want you to make these calls because the reality ERs tackles have been getting away with being deeper And, deeper And, deeper And Don.


Don't think people really fully understand how much That ERs to the offensive lineman's advantage. It ERs so much of being good at pass rushing ERs. A defensive end ERs getting to the tackle's hip line. The faster you can break the tackle's hips, And make him turn the, the more effective you're gonna be. ERs a rusher because he can't stay in his set. He can't stay square. Like all of being a tackle for the most part ERs keeping the rusher in front of you. And. That comes down to pre-snap getting ERs, much depth ERs possible And. Then two, jumping the snap count. And kicking it off. And. This ERs what everybody ERs raving about because really the best tacklers in the league jump the snap count And. They also grab depth And. It ERs hard to get a pass.


Rushes a defensive ed. So I think That. They should be calling this more I. Just don't like points of emphasis in general. And I hate when it happens so much. It just feels like it's stalling out the game. And I know That Ravens fans feel like it's one sided. I'm gonna be honest. I looked at the clips. I didn't see Juwan Taylor lined up off the ball like it the reality ERs. His head looked like it was breaking the plane of of the center's belt buckle. Ronnie I think it doesn't help him even in this picture. That we got right here. I really think, 'cause if you look at his feet, it's even with the left guard, it's more his posture. He's so upright in his stance. That, his helmet looks like it's further back. I I don't know if he can, but a lot of guys will lean forward because they know That, the official ERs looking at the helmet to break the plane.


They don't look at your feet. It's all about whether the helmet ERs set properly on the line of scrimmage. Yeah, part of me feels bad for Ronnie because dude, Ronnie Stanley I don't what what year ERs. Ronnie Stanley going into I like 10 maybe like he's been in the league for a while. And. He's probably been setting up this exact same way his entire career. And. Then all of a sudden he starts a game. And. He ERs getting a bunch of flags thrown on him for something. He's Don his entire career. And. It's gotta be infuriating. If, if I get flagged one time, I'm moving up. That's all you're getting. So This ERs, that's my one thing. Like the first time I get I. I will overemphasize. They're trying to make it a point of emphasis. I will make it a point of emphasis. That, I am now on the ball.


Yes, every time. I, I'm not gonna give you another one of these bullshit penalties to call. I'm gonna make sure I'm up there. And It ERs what it ERs like. But to his defense, it makes it way harder to block being up there. But I mean that's what, if that's the way they're gonna call the game, you have to play the game. That the officials call it. That's the reality of it. That's nine. That's a big part of the game. That, you're playing. We'll see how they adjust this week in practice. And in next week's game. I. Think That. It just opened up more criticism of the chiefs getting favorable calls from the officials. Do you have anything to say to That? I mean you want a Super Bowl on it? Yeah. I mean keep 'em coming Refs. That's why We fuck with you guys right now man. You guys are making sure That.


I don't I don't I I just don't get it. I think. I think. If you look at the actual penalties, That are being called. We have literally been what ERs it. The the point of emphasis. Yeah. Well. The reason they're calling this ERs because of Jaw Taylor this year. And guys, That were doing this a lot last year. This ERs the reality of it. Like Jawan was like he got called for it a lot last year. I think Lane got dialed for one of these in the game. Yeah, it was funny 'cause you actually said this to JJ Watt. You said Lane Johnson has never been called no or has never been offsides or or off the ball ever in his life. Yeah. And And, JJ Wat replied with I beg to differ. I also it I commented I do think it's hard for officials on the sideline to gauge when a guy jumps a snap count versus when it's a false start.


When it's like a hairline difference. I think it's hard to see whether it was before the snap or on the snap, right? Like there's, when it's really timed up, Well I think they generally tend to like let it go. Whether it's the offensive lineman or defensive lineman. And Don. Don't know if you saw the game this week, That TJ played. But TJ timed a snap count up perfectly And. They called him for offsides. So it's like Well. That didn't age Well. But guess they don't give the defensive guy ERs much leeway. No, I'm just not a fan of the slow motion takes at false starts. And like jumping the snap count. 'cause it doesn't feel right. Like when you watch it in real time, when the ball's moving, like even the one on Jujuan, which I thought like Collinsworth called it out ERs.


It should have been a false start in the TV copy That I was watching And when I was watching it. I thought for sure false start, And I still think it was a false start. But when you watch the timing of the ball And, his jumping even in slow motion, like the only thing he does ERs he leans slightly. But when he actually kicks, it's on. It's exactly when the ball moves. It just looks more because he ERs moving before everybody else. I just I gotta get off Twitter ERs what I gotta do. I think every, everybody begs to differ. Everybody begs to differ. Everyone does. Everyone loves you on on X. Oh, I thought you said Okay. I thought. Yeah, I mean it's fun to be on there. And, I. Think it's it. It really started, honestly, it obviously started like questioning officials started once challenging became a thing.


And like, it's like Okay now. It's like, oh, officials have this expectation to get calls right? A hundred percent of the time. Then it got taken to another level with like the legalization of gambling. Yeah, It ERs like toxic to the point of people. Like the Ravens had plenty of opportunities to win the game. And, the reality ERs, the penalty differential of yardage was like 10 yards over the whole game. Like you guys had 47 yards of penalties. They had like 60 something. Yeah, you had a holding penalty. It was, it was six penalties you guys, seven for the Ravens. The officials did not make the difference of That game. The Ravens had multiple chances at the end of it to win the game. Likely if you would've been inch more in bounds like I, just don't understand I.


Dunno. You gotta si you gotta size down And shoot in cleats. You gotta go a size down just for those situations. Yeah, I'm kidding. Isaiah's such a good player, man. Well I. Thought Pat may brought up. Pat brought up a good point. Wear some white cleats. Might be a little bit harder to tell if it's out bounds. I figured hd. The cameras are so clear nowadays. What If you like had somebody like paint your cleat so it like specifically looked like grass. You know what I mean? Everybody does these Paintings. That would just, you would just get, it would be like a French tip. It would just get French tip nails. You would just get the, the tip of your toes painted. White Tip bro. That might be genius. You're an idiot. The French tips, that's what the shoes would be called.


French tips. We just started something And. Nike comes out with their new very productive Receiver only leat the French tip. Kinda like That Nice Alright. Let's transition to the fun part of the game was when ah, Football was actually being played. And not stopped. So when the refs Finally let the teams play Football, pat finished the game with 200 And 91 yards. And a touchdown. Pat Mahome. He Made some history on Thursday night. That ERs because with his 23 yard completion to the Big Yeti in the second quarter, pat officially passed Len Dawson to become the chief's franchise passing leader. Lenny r I Paw the legend. Dawson, maybe iconic, Maybe was iconic photographs of all time.


Bowl photo. Yeah. Uniform. I guess. Was he in uniform when he did That or out And? Oh Yeah, he was, yeah. Was That halftime. That's s Right. Mahomes entered the game with 28,400 And, 24 career, regular season passing yards. And needed 84 to pass Dawson. God damn Pat ERs the only active quarterback to hold his team's all time passing yards. Record How about That. This ERs the clip. It's pretty crazy. Here's the play. Third 12, deep Drop. It's crazy because I think it's only like eight ERs or something. Like That. Yeah, I mean the, the league's changed a lot though, right? Like it's, it's a passing league now. Len was like passed on it. Like what, like 15 times a game back then. Oh, look at That Scramble drill. Big Yeti comes off of it. Oh, When you're watching this thing on, on actual film, like on the iPad from the behind view, the, the what ERs it.


The the end zone, not the all 22. The end zone view. Yeah. When you're watching this thing from the end zone view, man, it ERs so cool watching Pat throw this thing right on the fri of money to me, man. Yeah, he's just ha it's, you get him. He, he really shows his athleticism when he's throwing it on the run. Yeah. Did you give him the ball? No. I actually. I think I threw the ball. And almost got flag because yeah, I was like, I was like, oh, sh I didn't mean to do That if it Felt like a chippy game. Was it chippy? It felt like a lot of like little chippy. Yeah. Like trash talking. The a ffc rematch. A FC championship rematch. Hell yeah. It was chippy out there. All right. Other standouts on offense. Rashe Rice led all receivers with seven, seven receptions for a hundred And three yards.


Isaiah Pacheco had 78 total yards. And a rushing touchdown. What if, dude, what? Fuck Dude, I'm so happy for What a beast. Dude. That rowdy ran on Roon I. Don't know if that's like, it was like almost like a fake like little out And then came back in. Yeah, he can do whatever he wants on That play I know That play very Well. So that's a true option route. True option route. Gave him the business. Realized he was cover four. And That, the Mike backers on in quite a bind. Yeah, he's So What ERs was a lot of space in the middle of the field. What made him fake out? And come back in. 'cause it looked like Ro Quam was inside of him. It's just, you know what I mean? You know, you think based on leverage he would just go out. Yeah, but you know, That, that's the option of it, right? You can, you can kind of, you can Just feel it.


You know, he ERs gonna overplay it. You can feel him being aggressive. And. If you give That move, You know where, you know where he ERs vulnerable, And, you know how much space you, you realize the route concepts And. How the defense has to relate to it. I'm, I'm just happy That Rashia ERs seeing the field. Like he's seeing Right now. He ERs really playing faster with his mind this year so he can really catch the ball. Get vertical split guys. He owned the middle of the field the entire day. And man, I couldn't be happier for That guy to, to have a, you know, a hundred yard game. And. Hopefully we can keep this thing rolling. And And keep using him. ERs ERs ERs. He takes over the middle of the field. And sure enough, all over the field. Well the Storyline. Everybody continually ERs talking about right now. And That ERs potentially because the Bills gave them to you guys.


ERs, Xavier worthy. The rookie had a big night finishing with two touchdowns. The the first one being a 21 yard run. That. I mean I. Can't wait to show this clip. I know, we don't wanna talk about your block in, but I love when somebody picks up two little round play. It's a staple man. Ah, it's a staple. It's a staple. When you got a really, really fast guy that's just good with the ball in his hands, you Need to, it. It takes a special player to hit this with the Right speed. We've hit huge games with games with Nicole Hardman on this play. Tyreek Hill when he was here. A lot of guys get this thing in space. And. They just know how to fearlessly attack the lanes.


That the O line. And And. The tight ends. And the Whiteouts That are on That side of the field are blocking for 'em. And, sure enough, all you all you really gotta do ERs get a good, get a guy that's good with the ball in his hands rolling on this one And. Sure enough, you get the big fatties out there just like, like Donkey Kong wheelbarrows, you know, remember That game? Just the Donkey Kong wheelbarrows, dude. Just fucking rolling downhill on, on secondary guys. And I mean, Dude. They're all out in front. I mean this wall of red. There's like no way I. Remember watching this live And. I'm like, dude, holy cow. This ERs going for six And I I. Immediately. I saw your block. And. That's one of the great things about this play. Or like a toss play. That hits so fast.


You know, if your guy falls, you could keep going. Like, it's like he just roll And. You know, right away. One this ERs Van Noy, we don't need. Yeah, he, he actually I mean to his credit, he almost got up. And got the fucking tackle. Kyle almost got up. And made the tackle. But typically on this play, once you fall down, you can kind of be like, all right, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go climb now. Yeah, He popped up pretty quick. And I mean you really didn't need to climb. 'cause there was a entire convoy of O Life. I didn't have anyone else to block. Everybody was already getting Sweaty Well. It's always fun just being a part of That convoy. Woo. We're all all going baby. Just like, let's go boys. My man Creed was hauling ass on That play Creed got him one, got him a Nice little pancake on a, on a Thursday evening.


That was a That was a fun play to see him get the ball for the first time in the NFL taken to the house. Like That on an electric play, like a reverse or an end around happy ERs. Hell for him. And another guy, another guy that's seeing the, seeing the field make a big plays. When the ball ERs thrown his way, he ERs not like he's not playing tent. He's not tight. He ERs ready for the moment. Yeah. You know, that's always one of the questions when you see a young guy come into the league, like ERs, he gonna let the moment get too big. And. Sure enough, he's just, he's cool. ERs the other side of the pillow baby. Yeah. Love That. Yeah. Coach Reed was asked about Xavier after the game. And. He simply said he can run. That's one thing he can do. Yeah, that's on, that's on everyone's scouting report. ERs That. He can run And.


Sure enough, you guys will see he can run some routes. ERs Well. And Also made sure to get worthy the game, the ball right after he scored. Oh yeah. Pat's a good guy, man. He gets it. He knows, he knows he gets Its, we're gonna mount That one That one's going in in the man cave first one of all time You're gonna want That one Jason. Do you have your first touchdown? I never scored a touchdown. Travis, thank you for asking. Okay. I did have a play. That was, we did have a quarterback sneak play in at the end of the year, but we were so bad. That We didn't get to the trick ones, so never got to do it. I Knew there was one in there. There was one in there where we were gonna do like apu a tush push with me taking the handoff. But we didn't have time for shenanigans. We were trying to get the entire offense fixed. So yeah, I.


Hear you I. Hear you I. Get it. And. I'm Kind of I kind of like it. I. Don't know. It's fun to score touchdowns, but That wasn't my job. My job was to facilitate. I'm a facilitator. I'm Dennis Rodman. You know what I mean? That's not a facilitator. Dennis Rodman facilitate. He's not a facilitator. Set guys up. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm setting screens rebounding. And dishing it back out to the skill guys. That's what I'm doing. Okay. All right. Sorry. That's what I Mean. You're a facilitator. I'm Facilitating an environment that's conducive for the skill players to make plays. That's what I'm doing. Then. Yes, you are a facilitator. And Spas, We Trust, baby Spas. It was gonna be, I was interested to see how, how the D got off to a start this year.


I mean last year they were so good. And, it felt like s Spas was ahead of the league. And, to be honest, they did not disappoint against a really talented Baltimore offense right from the get go. And. It started off with I mean Chris Jones, they could not block him in the first half. He was just like edging G Guards left And. right. That's Chris Jones for you. Yeah. I mean he's, he's pretty good. He also had a strip sack on Lamar in the second quarter. Here's That clip. Lamar has gotta be the hardest quarterback in the NFL to prepare for. He ERs not only ERs their run game so damn good, but not, but then you have to, you know, account for him in the run game. You know, not only you gotta account for Derrick Henry coming downhill with Ricard blocking for him. You know, it's like you gotta account for everybody in the backfield there.


And. Then on top of That, he can throw it. He's, he's a, he ERs a passer now he ERs 100% a passer. I know he had the one in the end of the game where he, he sailed it over a, He missed That one. But I mean he was, Yeah, he missed That one But. Yeah. Point for the most of the Game. And. It just so happened to be in a big moment. But he's making That throw nine times out 10. He, He followed, he followed That one up at the, the likely catch, right? Yeah, 100%. So he was on The money there. It just like Doubted it. Yeah. Anyways, And, when you're preparing for a guy like That, either you have a guy with similar like talent, which ERs like getting the Walmart version of him. And, you know, there's nobody in the league That you could ever put back there on your, from your team. That ERs going to simulate how good Lamar ERs.


So you just put a, like a wide receiver. Whenever you're doing the read option stuff, you put him at quarterback And, try And. Like insinuate the speed That he has. But then on top of That it's like you gotta now figure out how you're going to stop him with his arm. right? Isaiah likely had an amazing game. Happy ERs hell for him. You know, tight end you guy. Yeah. And. It's just so hard to That That Baltimore offense, man. If once they get rolling, which I'm sure they will this, these next couple weeks, man, That team's gonna be really, really good going into the playoffs. Well, back to in spas we trust a lot of defensive players. Played Well. We already talked about Stone Cold Jones. Justin Reed led the team with eight solo tackles.


And. My man Leo Chanel, He's just a Dog, just a Football guy man. He's a guy. That the stats don't even tell the full extent at what, what he does for you guys, right? Big contain guy keeps everything in front. Make sure That, the cutbacks are there. So That other guys can get tackled. Plays this gap, knocks bats, balls down ERs athletic enough to kind of spy the spy the quarterback. And make it, make it tough on him. If he steps up in the pocket, he Wears a lot of hats. I hated blocking him. And, he knows this. I hated blocking him. And really even going against him on defense. 'cause he ERs he's really good in terms of reroutes, And, things like That. But Leo made me better in training Camp And. He ERs really making us a better defense.


He uses his hands, especially after week one. Extremely Well. When defending blocks like pressing And, pushing guys back into the hole. I mean Ronnie Stanley's a huge man outweighs him by probably over a hundred pounds. And I saw him on And. He caught Ronnie coming off of a double team a little bit high. But either way it's hard to press a tackle. That ERs That big back into a hole. He makes you stay fundamentally sound. You have to play low when you're around him. But you're gonna get bookended, man, And. But on top of That, he ERs also athletic. He can run the round blocks. He can play three technique. I mean he does so much And. For a guy like spas, That likes to do all this exotic stuff. You gotta have pieces like Leo Chanel, That can, you know, do it out of personnel.


That might seem like it's a lighter personnel or in base. And all of a sudden he's a personnel. That can also Don don't know. You know what I'm saying? But either way, just a very I thought. He was all over the place in the game. And. Even though he only had seven tackles, which I mean? There's still a lot of tackles. He had two pass breakups. It felt like he was all over. And disrupting a lot of what the Ravens are throwing at you guys. This dude, he ERs what? I. I. Like his arms are like he has massive arms. And. Like they're kind of lanky. Yeah, And. It's like I. I feel like he has like the same body type. ERs. ERs. John Cena. John Cena. Like that's John Cena in a Football uniform. To the point where when he first got here, like ERs a rookie like I would see him on film.


And. I'd just be like John Cena, John Cena, And I just would imagine like his like intro music. In the back of my head, like every time he makes a play I'm like, arrowhead's gotta get on That. They just gotta play That shit every single time he gets a tackle. Yeah, You could see him just doing thousands of Make-A-Wish Foundation events. He ERs a good dude, man. I Don know where That, he's the best Alright, right? Second, Shout out to John Cena. Shout out to Leo Chanel, man. Great game brother. We talked about Isaiah likely having a great game. Everybody. Huge game man. Saw the last play there where the toe was I mean. It's outta bounds.


I know it's close. It's close. Man, there Was some funny takes about, you know it, the toe I guess didn't hit first like the foot hits, but then the toe's out. And. I. Don't think people fully understand That. It doesn't matter just for I guess education. If your heel touches the ground And, then it rolls to your toe And, your toe ERs out. That's considered out of bounds even though the heel touches first. Do you know That? 'cause you look like you Don't mean if you're out bounds, you're out of bounds. I don't know what you're talking about. It's you get four feet. So if you have feet inbounds or so, if you're going outta bounds, You know how like when you naturally stop, sometimes your heel will hit first And, then your toe. You need to have two heels in. If that's the case.


No, no, no it doesn't. I. If you're in the act of like your heel to toe, if That, if your heel hits first And, the toe hits out of bounds, you're out of bounds. Technically, If my second heel hits before That toe hits, I'm in bounds. I'm telling you that's not true. We went over this. That Has to be true. ERs a team I promise you there's a clip from I, not it. I'll get it to for you. But if you are in the act of That, second step, I'm just letting you know. Just letting you know. There's no way I, how much do you wanna bet on it? I don't. I'm not a betting man. Alright, Right, Well. What do you And? They should kiss me on the roulette table. s Right. Now We'll get somebody in to clarify That, but I am I mean. I'm a thousand percent positive.


'cause I remember going over it, there was a tight end That caught a back of the end zone pass. Similar to this And, his heel hit And. Then his toe hit outta bounds And. They said, because you're still finishing the act of That. Second step That ERs this That, you're out just letting you know. There's no way Okay I Don't know, which you want me to Tell you. So his heel, his heel, his his first heel hit And. His second heel hit And. Then his toes hit His first step. His whole foot's on the ground And. Then while he's in the act of stopping, he goes heel toe on That foot. And. They called it out of bounds because the toe lands out of bounds on That second step because the heel toe action ERs a full portion of That. Second step. I'm just letting you know That's fucking bogus. If that's a real rule.


That's What they're calling it. That's what they said. I'm just letting you know. Never seen That. That's why you gotta drag. Don't put your whole foot on the ground. You drag the toe. Just letting you know. Maybe. Maybe we just Save the big Yeti from making a similar mistake. Gosh, You already know. I've been working on those. I was working on today. The toe tappers, toe Tappers. It really makes no sense. That be like That. That would be outta bounds. But if you drag your toe, Adam, it's a, it's a, That's what I'm saying. It doesn't make any sense to me. I agree. I'm just letting you know the way they call it. There's a lot of things That don't make sense. Maybe that's just the way you guys are teaching it. I'm pretty sure it's what the officials said. Exactly. Like it's not the way we're teaching it. It's what the officials told. Did you catch up with likely after the game at all?


I did Man. I did. I told him. Congrats on a hell of a game. Yeah, I'm sure he'll learn from it. I'm sure the Ravens will become a better team. Man, that's very Well coached team. They got a lot of great players. And, we We snuck out of there without having to go into OT or having to possibly get a two point conversion for the win. Yeah. What are, what are the takeaways from the game? That? You got Trav. Yeah. The biggest thing for me ERs, That, you know, they had the possession a lot. You know, the, the, the possession differential. They had the ball a lot. And. That's one thing That teams are gonna try And do throughout the ERs ERs keep hat moments off the field, or at least limit his, his ability to, to put the ball in the end zone. And touchdowns are so much more crucial when, when you have like teams trying to do That to you defensively.


And. So touchdowns more than field goals. Even though we love Harry knocking through every single one That, he gets We need to, we need to find a way to, to get in the red zone. And not hurt ourselves in the red zone. Like my sorry ass did And after Chris Jones's big strip sack. So it's just executing at a, at a much higher level, knowing That, we had a good game, but we can do better. You Guys got the Bengals next week. And. They're coming off of a I. Mean pretty shocking loss to the New England Patriots. By all accounts, I mean it's any given Sunday in this world. Like anybody can win And, They'll be fired up. And, the Patriots played really Well, man. Well. The Patriots played pretty Well. The Bengals had a few like mishaps. That really cost them big And.


The other thing ERs the Patriots last year. Yeah, big injuries, Bro. Their defense was one of the top ranked defenses in the NFL. They're still good on D they're trying to figure things out offensively, but it does not shock me at all. That, Gerard, Mayo, And Company ERs still playing. Good defense. They figured it out. Dude. Hand That fucking ball off, dude. How about That Hand the ball off. Yeah, I'll tell you what, man. If you can run the ball like That in the NFL every week, you are going to be just fine offensively. Especially with a great defense like That, but I think moving on to, to the Bengals. The Bengals are gonna be ready for us. We're gonna be dialed up. And And have a great game plan. I've already peaked at it with coaches today, And. It's just, it's gonna be exciting to, to, you know, go up against one of the best teams in the league.


You know, I think they have a great defense. Their defensive coordinator always plays ERs extremely tough. They're very Well coached. They got players all over the place. And, great players all over the place. And, sure enough, it's one of the, the I would call rivals. Now That, we have actually won a few. Yeah, absolutely. I mean this has been a rivalry for the past. What four or five ERs? Well. We Finally won like a game. I mean it has to be, oh, win a game to get a rivalry. But you Gots bad, bad blood between you two teams for four or five ERs. Now Okay, Bad blood, I Hear you, bad blood. And, You know, I, I. Don't even try And do it. But it just happens. It's just in you now. Well Continue. You now Well. No I. Just think she does a good job of using these like very common phrases That people would use regardless. But anyways, I never heard of Bad Blood till she came.


You gotta be pro. Don't anyways. Yeah, Joe, but there's been some turmoil And the Bengals. Historically, the last two or three ERs have gotten off the slow start. It feels like I, mean I know. Last year they definitely did. It felt like the year before was similar And, obviously they got the whole Jamar Chase thing going on. So they've had some turmoil. But I I bet they're gonna be far improved from their week one performance, especially with a friend of the show. And, just absolute Dog. Joe Burrow leading them. Andy gets to be playing in Burrow head, which we know ERs his preferred stadium of choice in the NFL. So it'll be, it'll be a fun matchup to watch LeBron's stand of the game.


Xavier Worthy became the fourth wide receiver with a rushing touchdown of 20 Plus yards And, a receiving touchdown of 30 Plus yards in a game in the last 20 seasons. Not a bad debut. I'm How about That. I'm just glad, I'm just glad our team understands LeBron stats. Now this ERs such, this ERs such a LeBron stat, but the irony of like four of the five guys on this, on this list being Andy Reed products. They are. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Yeah, both all of those were Andy Reed coach Teams And. Really? They're all like the same, the very similar, very similar positions like skillset Sets at least really fast. Like Yeah, but guys with really fast, guys with the, with And That. That are good with the ball in their hands. Yeah. I mean, you know, that's a very, that's a hard to get, but I mean when you get 'em.


Obviously Andy Reed knows how to, Apparently Andy Reid knows how to spot him. I don't know. Yeah. If apparently other teams can't spot it. But Old Big Red's got the, got the eye. Yep. Xavier worthy Last Thursday Night, Tyreek Hill in 2020. Verse Miami And, then Deshaun Jackson twice in oh nine. And. Oh 10. The, the oddball out here ERs obviously not necessarily the eyeball out. Another great fucking player. Odell Beckham Jr. 2020 in when he was playing for Cleveland. Still Believeland Browns. Oh wow. But not coached by Andy Reed. Last thing, Jason, you didn't make it to the game. Unfortunately. Not sure what the fuck you were doing, but didn't make it to the game. But Chiefs fans still had a message for you.


They wanted me to pass along with this sign they made for you. Yeah, Travis. Remind Jason Katz are not poisonous. And guys. I'm pretty sure Jason doesn't need a reminder of That. He ERs still going to tell his daughters whatever he wants to tell. Yeah. 'cause that's, that's a very Ed Kelsey Jason Kelsey thing to do. ERs to just lie to your kids. Yeah. And I. Think it was pointed out to me. And, I, And I. Think this person with a sign ERs absolutely correct. Cats are not poisonous. Cats are venomous poison ERs. When you eat something And, you become sick. But Venom, you can definitely listen. I'm just, nobody wants to talk about it. Cats aren't poisonous.


They're venomous. They're, everyone knows That. They're, they're not poisonous. They are venomous. I'm fighting an uphill battle. The kids believe Kylie That, they're not venomous. Yeah. I'm really trying to sell it, but I think it's gonna take me seeing a cat with them in real time. And just Okay like going full, like throttle into it. And just acting like I'm seeing a great white shark. Like, just like running And, like jumping over a couch, And getting to high ground. Like I'm gonna have to do something that's really gonna have them be like, oh my gosh, was dad being serious this whole time? Because Right now they don't believe me. Yeah. Kylie has Don a sufficient job of of, of fooling them into believing That cats aren't venomous.


So I'm gonna have to do a better job. Anyway, sorry for missing the game. I thought I was gonna be in Brazil with the Eagles. And. That was one of the things. That last second I was like, I don't really feel like getting on a 10 hour flight. I'm gonna stay right here. I, get It. I don't know. I wasn't nervous for the Monday night stuff. Actually, that's a lie. I was nervous. I feel like I wanted to like actually not have a lot of distractions for the first week of Monday Night Countdown. So That I could try And do. Just focus on That. You know what I mean? Jason. You are a retired Football player. It's true. You need to just fucking do whatever the fuck you want to do. You've been so busy Well. I'm at this point of the year. Yeah, you should just fucking do whatever you want to do.


Well. I'm busy, but I mean, first of all, I, I'm a dad. So I can't do whatever the fuck I wanna do. I would love to just, Yeah, but that's the part of doing whatever you wanna do. You choose to be a good dad. Oh, Okay. I feel I wasn't throwing shade. I was just


After our podcast last week, We heard how excited all 92 Percenters were to get your hands on a box of Kelsey. Mix So. we worked with General Mills to get the first 1000 boxes to give away to all of you. All right, now, to grab one of the first boxes, head over to www.serialtrainingcamp.com/new Heights And. Enter the code 92 PERCENT for a chance to enter and win one of the first 1000 boxes of Kelsey Mix. We Can't wait for you guys to try Kelsey Mix when we had the chance to create our own cereal We were inspired by mixing all of our favorites. Our Kelsey Mix combines the flavors, you know, And love like Cinnamon And, the goat taste of peanut butter, And chocolate And, the perfect crunch And texture from the Cinnamon Toast Crunch squares. That's what worded to they delicious Lucky Charms marshmallows. We've Always been a fan of General Mills, so this partnership was something we were really excited about. We've eaten these cereals our entire lives. So once again, general Mills ERs giving away 1000 boxes of Kelsey Mix And. You can enter to win one right now. Go to cereal training camp.com/new Heights And. Enter the code 92% for a chance to win


Music's most iconic night ERs back. I'm Of course talking about the MTV Music Awards. A All right, now And. This year's show ERs being hosted by the one And only. Megan Thee stallion And ERs stacked with a great lineup of live performers. That's s Right 92 Percenters. Make sure you tune in to MTV at tonight at 7:00 PM Central to catch live performances from Benson Boone Chaperone, gorilla Halsey. Lenny Kravitz. Lenny's Woo Lenny's about to perform. That's what I'm talking about. Sabrina Carpenter. More Trav. How many of those artists have you actually heard of Every single one of them? That I just mentioned. Yeah, me Too. It was another year for great music videos. But who will bring home the award for video of the year? I Wondery, who it's gonna be. You guys are just gonna have to tune in on MTV tonight to find Out. Once again, don't miss Music's most iconic night. The MTV Video Music Awards are live tonight. Wednesday September. 11th at 8:00 PM Eastern. 7:00 PM Central on MT B. Go Taylor.


Moving on to a little Eagles in Brazil. Eagles. 34 Packers 29 in Sao Paolo, Brazil. Before we get into the game itself, this was the first Eagles game. You haven't played in Jason in a very long time, or really ever, or at least having suited up And been been with the team. What was it like for you? I mean? It was weird. It was weird watching the game. I mean the last time I watched the game was when I was out of a lineup in 2014 with a sports or injury. So it, it felt weird watching And not really being able, especially not even being on the silent, like, there's nothing you can do And, you're like watching the game And.


You wanna know why certain things are happening or what happened here? Or like, what are We getting to And? You just feel more like, you know, you just, you're just taking the game in, right? You're just like watching And. You're like, Ugh. Did you go And? Like watching like someone's garage? Or like, did you watch it at home with Kylie? Did you meet up with a few like Philly ambassadors, That you played with in ERs past? Or like, what, what'd you do for the game? Like, what does one retired Football player do on Sunday? I thought it'd be fun to watch or Friday. It would be fun to watch my first game of retirement with a guy. That I had been with my entire career with Eagles, who still works there, but now he doesn't travel with the team. So I was with Joe Apella. Ooh, trainer Joe.


Oh. So yeah, I was down there watching it in, in his den basement area. So, we were watching the game together. And, it was, it was kind of cool watching it with him. And Catching the birds game in the den with old Joe. That's S right. Hopefully Joe's doing great, man. Miss That guy That. That's fun though, man. That's fun. And, you were tweeting. You were tweeting, you were, you were the official Eagle's. Twitter follow follower That day I was tweeting to avoid the distraction of not being able to do anything. Probably over retweeting to be honest with you. But You just gotta have, you gotta text somebody, like one of the managers for the Eagles That on game day. Just call you from the, the landline on the sidelines.


So you could just call in on That. Yeah, I. See what That Be h Probably highly illegal, but for sure would be hilarious if you did. Well. I. I. Don't even know That. It's either ago. I. Remember there was a story of, Oh my gosh, was Joe Montana? Yes. Calling his wife Joe Montana in the middle of Game Montana. Yeah. Yeah. That's Bald, right? I'm pretty sure it ERs a landline for sure. Yeah. You just gotta press, press one. Like the old what ERs it? School phones when the, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You just gotta Press One or get out. Okay. Now you're back. Zero. Now you're outside. Yep. Yeah. Get the outcome. It was weird watching. It was weird watching for multiple reasons. It was, we were watching just being a former player. And a lot of teammates, And coaches. That you were just with a year ago. Or doing it And. And.


It was also weird because it was I mean. It was in Brazil, it was in a place. That normally doesn't have a Football game. There was. So it was just, it felt very foreign. It felt like a very foreign event. The halftime show I, think it was during halftime. It was very voluptuous in some of the dancing. Voluptuous, Nice. I kind of enjoyed it. If I'm not gonna lie. I mean it Was I. I missed it, but it Was provocative ERs what it was. Anyway, It gets the people going. He got something going. But my, you know, My initial thoughts were obviously really happy. That. The Eagles came away with the victory. Especially, you know, they had to start with the turnover. Two turnovers, really the very first two drives.


And the defense. I mean did a phenomenal job of holding 'em to six points in both of those situations. And, you know, once they kind of got out of their own way, they started moving the ball. And. The Packers obviously are one of the favorites to win the NFC. Hopefully ERs Jordan Love gets back. They're gonna continue to continue to play Well. So I think it's a big win. It's a big win on the road. A lot of new pieces from the coaching staff. And from players I. Think overall obviously very sloppy game by both teams. And tremendously good That, they came away. One And. Oh in it And I. Think for the most part, a lot of the things That went wrong are like extremely correctable.


That's Football for you. Sloppy start made the field conditions in the play. That definitely Contributed To you guys making That fucking excuse again or what? Well I mean. You guys won the game this time. So obviously You learned from the, we nobody, first of all, I have never complained about sloppy field. But I think the game ERs Maybe. Did I complain about it? I don't think I did. The Eagles definitely did, but, or at least the Eagles fans did you, you can go ahead And, dig up a clip. You Learn from it. And. That's what you can hope for. ERs ERs A ERs A team ERs That. You learn from it. Listen, if you can find the clip of me complaining about the field in the Super Bowl, go ahead And. Show it to me. I. Don't remember That I. Do think That playing on these soccer fields.


It, it's just not the best. You know What I think It ERs. I. I. Don't think it's the grass. I. Think it's the sod. Yeah. I think it's the The what? What they're using. They using underneath the grass. It's not, it's not rooted in there. And. It's not like tough for sure. You know what I mean? It's like very, the cleats go in it, but it's very easy to s to take the grass out of it. And, they kind of like, almost like cut the grass with your cleats. I. Just Don. Don't know. I was running a lot out in, in Europe trying to get ready for the training camp And, everything. And use some of the soccer fields out there. And. It was very similar. Yeah. I was actually kinda looking around like, I am fucking this field up right now. I, I. Hope they don't get pissed off. But it ERs, it's either you gotta go turf or you gotta make it strong enough for 300 pounders to be able to move.


Or like big strong running backs. And linebackers to be able to put their foot in the ground without slipping. Yeah. 'cause whether we're joking or not, And saying That, it's like an excuse. It's not a, it's not a very, like, it's not preventing any injuries by, by having it like this, you know it's only making it a higher risk. Yeah. And. That's what you don't want. Yeah, Exactly. And I. Think That. The root structure definitely appears different with these soccer fields. They're made for tiny European people. They're not made for large American men. The field conditions had Twitter going. LeBron James said it best. Man, this field sucks. LeBron James. Yeah, Because anybody That knows grass. It's LeBron. James, does it make sense for the NFL to keep sending teams overseas if the conditions are going to suck?


Yeah. Of course it does because the NFL ERs about making money. And the only way they're gonna gonna expand ERs by going global. So they're gonna keep doing this regardless of what the field conditions do. But I do hope in future ERs. Maybe they can try to mitigate this. I will say I don't like turf. I'm not a fan of the turf fields. Maybe this ERs the one instance where it makes sense to actually have the teams play on turf. Yeah. I think it's because it's more secure. I think it's more safe. Yeah. To play on turf than it ERs to play on some of these soccer fields the way it's been going on. Yeah. I know That we're big anti turf fields, but the reality ERs That the soccer. If the grass field ERs not set up properly. It's just a shitty game. And. It's unfortunate to watch Well.


This one wasn't I. Don't Don don't know if it's ERs much. ERs a shitty game. It definitely makes it harder. And And, you know the injury rate probably goes up a lot, but Neither team had That. Many injuries. They do say when your foot slips out, it's less likely you're gonna get injured. But I just don't think it's it. It just turns into a sloppy game. It also neutralizes a lot of times the D line. Us both offensive lines played Well. There wasn't a lot of pressure on the quarterbacks. And. I. Think a lot of That comes down to I. Think it's harder to rush on a slick field. Especially if you're a guy. That likes to bend the edge. And dip And get low, Not ERs much torque. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to do. That when you can't get Foot, you an anchor in the ground. ERs Well. Kinda like Hassan Reddick in the Alright. Right overall. AJ Brown was quoted I. Don't know if Sao Paulo knows when to cheer, but it was great.


Brown said it was loud the entire time. They kind of got a bad rap. We got a whole bunch of don't dos, but it's been a great time ever since We got here. Yeah, there was a lot of scare tactics. Propaganda saying That Brazil was not the place to go. And I. Think a lot of players were told not to leave the hotel. Don't go on your phone outside. What's ironic in this whole situation, I'm pretty sure Go on your phone outside. So I, think That. They were trying to, this ERs what I think. I think they were trying to genuinely keep guys safe. 'cause if you don't know where you're going in Brazil ERs someone who's been to Brazil. If you know where you're going, And, you're in the areas. That are good. It's a very safe space. It's an awesome country. If you go to the wrong area, there's just like, there's some, there's some spots you don't want to hit.


But that's the same way. Listen, the reality, the murder, Hey murder rate's higher in Philadelphia than it ERs in Brazil in so in Sao Paulo. That's, that's interesting. Stay Out. Stay outta North Philly. You know, if you go to Rittenhouse Square, you're probably gonna be all right. Yeah, but don't you feel kind of like I do, like, you know, you know me just I like to just, you know, peek my peak around. I tend to like the people in Northfield more. That's, you know what I mean? Yeah. They get it. Yeah, they get it. You get to see somebody acting outta line. Fucking Handle it There more depth to 'em. Walking around. Written House, square, And. Everybody's got a fucking, Those are my people.


Quarter Zip, And Those. Yeah, those are the kind of people. I respect. Yeah. Second turnover. I don't really know what happened on That. Snap. I haven't talked to Cam or Jalen yet. There was clearly a miscommunication. Jalen wasn't ready for the snap to happen. Heard That one. Yeah. I think they were on silent cadence at That time. I know they were at silent Cadence after That, which means That. It's the guard ERs gonna tap the center. And the center's then gonna snap the ball. So Don don't know what happened. To be honest with you, Don don't know if Jalen said something or if he, or if Cam thought he said something, or if Mackay, he thought was, That was, this was one of the things in the game where I'm like, you know, I wanna know And. I just don't I. Just know That. There was some type of miscommunication.


That happened. And. It resulted in a fumble. And. Unfortunately, they got the ball inside the 10 yard line in her own territory. So do I. Remember my first start? Yes. I do remember my first start? It was against the St. Louis Rams. That's s right. I was in the league long enough. Louis to play Louis St. Louis And. My f friend, Chris Long was on the opposing sideline And. Him And, Leitis Laryngitis. That was the big guy. That I was kind of Ohio State. Yeah. Blocking a lot of I. Think we had a bunch of plays designed to try And. Get me up on onto the middle. Linebacker. Don. Don't know if LaShaun scored on it, but I almost got edged on a screen in the red zone. That Howard Mud used to like to run. Which I think ERs actually a really good screen.


Oh, We I. Remember most of it? I remember being very loud. And I was surprised because there was almost nobody in the stands. And then I found out That domes are just like always loud because they either pump noise or the few fans. That are there. It echoes And reverberates within the stadium. Reverberates. Man, you are fucking on it with these vocabulary words today. You're killing it, dude. The return of the tush push. The birds ran the most exciting play in Football without Jason Kelsey, which makes it not quite the most exciting play in Football. Yeah. For the first time though, then Jason, they they, they just, it didn't quite have the success rate of 92% And.


It's, it's because you're not there. Jason. We know it's That. It's either That or the field conditions. Those That, remember my last game, know That. We did not pick one up against Vito Vea in the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. So I don't know That. I am the determining Factor in the success of this I. Think That. First of all, it's a really hard play to run when a lot of guys are running it for the first time. Once you've run it a couple times, And, you know how to run quarterback sneak. You get into a rhythm. And, you understand how it's gonna happen. And, I think they had a new piece at center with Cam, even though he played guard. It's different when you're snapping the ball. And doing it And. Then Mackay Beck in obviously being new at right guard. So they picked one up. And.


It felt very synonymous with the season before And. Really since Jeff Stalin's been there. And, we've been running Quarterback snake. They got stalled on one And. Then the other one That didn't work, was a fumbled Snap. And. That's a, that's one. Another one. Like you could only rep That, snap And the way it feels live. And the reality ERs. You're so far leaning forward. And trying to get leverage. It's a very awkward snap to get to the quarterback if you're doing it right. And. I. Gotta think. You know, especially with the slick field, That, there were factors there. That led to even That fumbled one. But I think That the reality ERs. The more reps these guys get at it, the more it's going to get back to That.


90 Plus percent success rate. This has Don. Nothing to discourage me. I did when I was live Tweeting I called for the quarterback sneak And the fourth And one. Instead of kicking a field goal. And, they fumbled it. And I did the Homer Simpson like, oh, wasn't me. Yeah, because That didn't age Well. But I do think they're gonna get back on track. It's just a play. That I. Think the more you run And when you really execute on it properly. I I. Do not think That. It's something that's not gonna work at a high success rate. Nice Well. Hopefully the Eagles can get That rate back up to 92%. Or else our 92 Percenters are just Percenters.


How about That. Do we change 'em? I mean it's always been less than 92% for the rest of the league. No, Jason. You're the reason. It's 92% Do We. What would be another? You're here now. So you'd still the 92% Right. Yeah. Alright, right? Fine. Saquon's Eagle's debut. And the offense. Let's talk a little bit of the biggest story. The Game And. That's Saquon Barkley. The new Eagles running back. And. Former new Heights guest. That's s right. Ladies and gentlemen. Yeah. Baby And. Former New York Football. Giant Saquon finished with three touchdowns, a hundred And 32 total yards in his first Philly game, which ERs pretty damn good. And. He tied Terrell Owens for the most. tds And Eagles debut with three.


Yeah, No, it was an impressive game. And I. Think we saw how dynamic he ERs not only ERs, he great ERs a running back, but his first touchdown. I mean That. Catch down the, in the left part of the end zone There. He makes those things look routine. Man, that's Rare to see in a running back in having a piece like this. A guy that's That explosive ERs a running back. He can, he can run people over. He can, he can make, make you Miss And. Then he can also go out wide And run routes or he can run Play action And. Then catch a ball like That. I mean just a tremendously talented player. And I. Think we all got to see firsthand how he's gonna look in the Well I. Guess it wasn't midnight green for this game. It was black And white, but outstanding first game from Saquon.


Did not disappoint one bit. Not one bit. Jalen finished with 311 total yards, two touchdowns on Friday night. And. It looks like we don't have to worry about Jalen verse the blitz because he seemed to be pretty on point with his, his answers for the blitzes. At least this game. He was fantastic in this one. And, I think there's a lot of people like, you know, why didn't they blitz more? And I. I expected more pressure, to be honest with you, with the way we ended last season. But I think this de coordinator comes from more of like the San Francisco tree And when we played San Francisco. There's another style. That of I. Guess what? People have Don to try. And. Stop Jalen And. It's really played these zones.


Keep everything in front of them. And. Then their eyes stay in the quarterback to try And. Prevent him from scrambling And. It felt like they elected to go more with That strategy. It'll be interesting when We play some of these coordinators. That like to dial up blitz more. It's clear. That. He ERs. He ERs assessing it now, right? He's Playing faster. Well. He he's playing faster. He's playing faster because he ERs looking at That And. He can make decisions based off of it. And, we Saw he has, he has an, he has an answer. He wants to go to Helix. We saw firsthand What AJ Brown can be a very good answer. Oh yeah. When, when teams are blessing. Yeah. Obviously they've spent a whole off season on it. They have more answers just in general, I'm sure. 'cause they've been working on it. And, Kellen Moore ERs gonna offer his new wrinkles being the new OC And.


Yeah. I thought it was an outstanding first game in That category. No question about it. Well, we're not gonna pass up. Jordan love's injury. It ERs very unfortunate, but he ERs out three to six weeks with a MCL sprain. One of the up And coming. We're now here. Quarterbacks, top quarterbacks in the league. Jordan Love, obviously ending last year with an unbelievable season. And played really Well And. He ERs fun to watch when he ERs healthy man. So hopefully he can get healthy fast. I. Don't think it was a a, a dirty hit. I. Think Jaylen's trying to get him down. And And. Jordan's just kind of got caught in a bad position trying to get rid of the ball. And not take a sack. But. yeah, it's, it's kind of like he, he, it looked way worse on film, especially when you slow it down.


So hopefully this MCL springing really isn't anything too serious. So, we can have one of the best players in the league back out on the field, man. No doubt. Yeah. Couldn't agree more I. Jaylen's. Just trying to do anything he can to get the guy down. And. Unfortunately he got caught in a position. And ended up getting the MCL sprained. I think some of it also let I mean. Jalen had a at least one personal foul Carter That ERs earlier in the game. Like there was a lot of like pushing And, shoving I think. But regardless, That play in particular, like did not look like he was intentionally doing anything. So in my opinion, Not at all. LeBron's stat of the game. The Philadelphia Eagles are the only NFL team in history to win a game in the southern hemisphere.


How about That. How About That. How about That. Nick Cii now four And. Oh, in his season openers And. None of them have been at home. How about That. That's ironic. Yeah. Holy cow. That's crazy. start the road. Couple of stats of the game. Final thoughts though? Phillies coming back next week against the Falcons who had a tough go against the Steelers the other night. Yeah. Monday night. Football. Are you ready for a Football? Always And. Yeah. I. Think this ERs gonna be a fun one. Obviously this ERs my first time being back at the link ERs a non-player. So I get to take in That part of the atmosphere. Hell yeah. And. I'm looking forward to being back in my home stadium. It's gonna be awesome. Falcons. You know I know they didn't look good against the Steelers, but do not be fooled.


The Steelers dude. The Steelers have been a Well. They're Tolin I know a lot of people are getting on him for whatever. You can't get on their defense. Especially when TJ Watts, healthy That defense man, That ERs ERs routinely one of the best in the league. And TJ was on one in That game. So he Was all over the Place. The reality ERs, we don't I. Don't think That. That's a fair evaluation of who the Falcons are. ERs a team I. Think that's a tough match up for any offense going up against the Steelers. And, they still, they didn't, you know, the Steelers offense. A little bit more question marks around That, but it'll be interesting to see how this game goes. I, do think I'm probably biased. You know, I'm I think the Eagle should take care of business at home.


You know, I wouldn't look at the Falcons ERs though last week proves That. It's gonna be any type of like easy game. These Kirk Cousins's a good quarterback. Don't make any mistakes about it. And. They're gonna be coming in, you know, trying to get retribution for That first loss of the season. Well I. Can't wait to watch NFL countdown. And. See you in your, in your element back there in the, the old link And. The birds versus the Dirty Birds. We'll see what happens. Monday night, all Right. Let's move on. And talk about some of the other things. That happened across the league in week one. Yeah, it was not a great Sunday for offenses. Lot of great defensive play. Once again. That's where the last season ended. And. This ones start. Both the Steelers And Bears won without scoring an offensive touchdown.


Dude, that's That Bears game. I looked at the stats. And was like, how in the like, screw it. I'll go swear Joe, how in the fuck did these guys win this game Block punt? It didn't make any sense. They had nothing going offensively. If both teams have nothing going offensively. If you get a special teams And, a defensive touchdown, 14 points ERs gonna win you the fucking game. Yeah. And. That's how we obviously everybody's talking about the Will Levis interception at the end of game where he, It's Just this, this pose kind of sums it up while the play still going on. You know, he kind of knows That ERs. It ERs all coming. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck. How did That happen? Yeah, not good.


Titan head coach. New head coach. Brian Callahan was quoted saying, if we'd just punted on first And 10 every time we might have won the game. That's a great freaking quote. God damn. That's good. Shout out to Brian Callahan. Hopefully he gets things turned around over there. In Tennessee. Yep, in Nashville. Broncos got two safeties in the first half against the Seahawks. You don't always see one safety, but let alone two first time. This has actually happened in the NFL since 2017. Miami verse Denver I. Think it happened against Denver though. Yeah, it was a tough week for rookie quarterbacks. Bears rookie. Caleb Williams. Yeah. 14 for 29.


Not, not even a hundred yards. Yeah. It's a rough start. But at the same time it's the NFL Bub Broncos QB Bo Nicks at a few more completions. And a few more yards, but racked up a couple of interceptions. And ended up with a worst QB rating in 47.5 ERs. The Broncos lost at least the Bears Rookie got his first win And, then the commander's quarterback. Jayden Daniels had a good rushing day, despite the loss. Yeah. 17 for 24 with 180 40 yards. He probably played the best out of all three of 'em. I thought he did And. The other thing I liked about Jayden, Daniels stats were I. Forget what his time to throw was, but it was one of the lowest in the league. And. I am always a fan of a quarterback.


That gets the ball out of his hands. Baby That sounds quick man. That's why I love Alex Smith. Man. That ball was catch gone. Tom Brady was really good at That too. And sometimes you just gotta get it to your, yeah, get it to your Playmakers quick man. When The quarterbacks know to get That ball out, it opens up everything. 'cause then you can hold onto it at times it, it discourages the rush so much. So yeah, hopefully they can keep That going with Jayden. Obviously Commanders looking to have a huge turnaround. They That organization in general has been through a lot, so you know I know they got it handed to 'em by Tampa Bay And, my man Baker Mayfield But. yeah. Bake I. Thought it was a pretty promising day for the young gun in his first start. Yeah. Well. It was true. It was. It was also just a tough week for QBs in general.


No doubt. You don't really see too many QBs going over 300 yards. 18 start QBs threw for 200 yards or fewer this week. Yeah. And. It ties the most in week one since 2000. And eight. Yep. But there was one guy, That That kind of got after it there. And. It was Dak Prescott who threw for 179 yards, but still maybe had the best day I. Think he did. And That 1 79 ERs like probably not a fair number because they got ahead so early That. It starts changing up what you're doing offensively. Like they were beating the crap out of the Browns. And. I. Think That. They, you know, you start running the ball more. You start your know what I mean. It was Dak And his limited Tough day up on the lake. Yeah. Early he looked every bit of it.


And I mean. Can you talk about a better day? Just sign a multi a hundred million dollar contract And. Then go out there And win your first. That's a, that's a day. That ERs a fun experience. Well, Don, Dak, I've, I've been able to kind of hang around. Dak here. And there. And. He was at Tight End U this year. Speaking his mind to all the tight ends there. And giving him an idea of what the tight end position looks like through the eyes of a quarterback. And at That, the highest paid quarterback in the league. So guys were getting nuggets of gold from him. And. I just, I'm so appreciative of his time And, him being able to do That, but at the same time, he ERs such a good guy, man. Just such a good dude. And couldn't be happier for him.


Especially with all the speculation through last year. And the injury. And having to kind of go out. And prove himself. Knowing he's a he. He's kind of proved himself already, but did it again last year. And sure enough, not ERs the highest paid player in the league. I'm gonna say this. And I. Think it's probably gonna upset some Eagles fans. I. Like where Dak Prescott ERs at right now. Like when he, you can see it in his interviews. How much more comfortable he ERs being like a leader in the NFL. Oh yeah. I. Think early on in his career. And. Anybody's like this. You're gonna get more generic answers. You're not gonna get a lot of depth. You're not gonna get really insight into who he ERs. And I think that's a big turning moment for a lot of players when like, I'm just gonna say whatever the fuck I want, because this ERs where I'm at.


And, I'm confident in who I am. And what I can do. In the last two ERs you've seen I I just feel like he's more confident. It appears on the field, off the field. It just I really. I'm, I'm digging his entire vibe right now. I really am. He's figured it out, man. Yeah, he's figured it out. So And, he knows it. And And on top of That I was actually, I was talking to Chris Jones in the locker room. Yeah. Today about it. And, he was mentioning to me, he's like, man, a lot of guys don't know That Prescott one of the hardest working guys out there. Yeah. I was like, what? I love ERs. That. How do you know this Chris? How do you know this? Jim Meadow. And. I. Guess he's he ERs. That Lady's man.


That lady. Man. Next call. It's so good. It still holds up too. I was watching day. I. I might just do That right after this. Just watch you YouTube telling ERs Tim Meadows And The ladies man. Just hearing his voice while he talks on the radio ERs hilarious. It's so good. Oh, Right, right. Let's get back on track here. Where Are We at? Leon phe. Yeah. We say, did you got a, Chris was talking about D being one of the hardest workers. Yeah, that's all he said. The passing game might've been in a slump, but it was a record week in rushing the entire league averaged a hundred And 21 yards rushing And.


Yeah. It's the highest of week once since 2008 ERs running the rock officially. Back ERs this now a running league. Well, I. Think it's we back to a running league. The league always goes like this. It's always going in cycles. I mean it's, it's never gonna go back to what it was in terms of like ERs much running ERs. It used To be Well. Then does That negate Patty Mahomes ERs franchise record? That? You just tried to fucking say it's a different league. It's different day And age. No, what I'm saying ERs, it's never gonna go back. I just literally said it's never gonna go back to what it was. But the reason you're seeing more yardage, but it won't go up And down. The reason you're seeing more yardage right now ERs because defenses are doing everything they can. The last few ERs to play these Bend Don't break zone defenses.


Take away the big play And. When you're playing That style, it opens up some stuff underneath And, especially the running game. So you're gonna continue to see teams running it a little bit more to take advantage of That. But the reality ERs, it's a throwing league. It's gonna continue to be a throwing league. That number more reflects I. Think what defenses now are trying to do. Which ERs like, like the biggest thing on defense for ERs, And Ro Con Smith said it before your game, which was funny, was Stop the Run. right? How are we gonna stop the offense? You stop the run And I still think that's true for like Shanahan style offenses. Try And make a team one dimensional. Yeah. Yes. Make it team one dimensional, but it ERs far more gone into this category of stop explosive plays.


And I. Think That. The teams still wanna obviously stop the run, but in order to stop explosive plays, you gotta play more conducive coverages. And backend principles. That reduce explosive plays from happening, which opens up the run game a little bit more. Although teams are doing some creative things to try And still stop the run with lighter boxes, And things of That nature anyways. ERs That a sufficient answer. I think That kind of. Do you have anything else? I Think it's, yeah, I think it's, it's very efficient. Alright, right? And. Yeah. Couple other teams surprised the Football world. The Saints looked great. And their 47, 10 blah went over the Panthers. I'm not gonna lie, I saw That one coming. The Panthers aren't a good Football team. And Derek Carr.


He just goes on dude. He goes off on sometimes And. It's not surprising. Derek Carr. I've seen Derek Carr go off a bunch of times when he was, when he was with the Raiders. And. Yeah. He ERs got everybody healthy in, in, in New Orleans Right now. So when everybody's healthy, you got all your weapons, man. Derrick's gonna, he's gonna dice you up if you give him the opportunity. Yeah. Like I Said, when we were talking about the, the, the, the games We were gonna watch at one o'clock. This was not one. That was I I I really thought the Saints were gonna win this one in pretty one-sided fashion. Anyways, the Patriots also beat the Bengals. We already talked about this one. 16, 10. Don't sleep on the Patriot's defense. It was great last year. I know they had some injuries. And it changed some things. And, their offense was so bad.


That, the defense wore down towards the end of the year. They still got a great defense led now by Gerard Mayo. The Bengals pretty routinely get off the slow starts And with all the Jamar Chase things with, with Joe Burrow coming back from an injury. Not surprising, they weren't clicking on all cylinders. Listen, even though I just said That, I still think it's an upset. That. The Patriots beat the Bengals. I mean an upset. ERs an upset if Vegas, if if Vegas hasnt, if Vegas has ERs the favorite. Yeah. If you're, if you're giving the other team points, And, you lose. That's an upset brother. Yeah. Bills took on my former defensive coordinator, Jonathan Gannon, the Arizona Cardinals, And got out to a slow start. Cardinals were, were winning pretty much the whole first half And.


Then Allen had a great two minute drive there at the end of the first half. And, he must have went in And got some milk because he lit it up in the second half. He, he went off And typical ERs. That, his Josh Allen ERs That His Fashion Milk. Huh? Milk I. Think he's a big milk drinker, isn't he? I mean who isn't? ERs That his like Michael Jordan's special stuff in Space Jam. He just goes to the law. I the law. He just goes in a halftime, gets his, gets his fucking vitamin D. I Will Levi, he's on this mayonnaise kick. He needs to get on the milk kick clearly. Who? His mayonnaise. Oh my gosh. When he was coming out the draft thing. That's hilarious. He's Still doing the commercials for the mayonnaise bits. Which More popular?


Oh, I Didn't That I. Love it. Some mayonnaise about That I know Tramp doesn't fuck with the mayonnaise. I fucks with the mayonnaise. 92% ERs


Football season ERs officially here. So make sure you're tuning into all the action with NF NFL. SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. That's S right NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET ERs. The only way to make sure you don't miss a single game. This Sunday Jason. We talked about what games were going in. Our multi-view last episode. What one o'clock games this week are you gonna choose for week two? Ooh, Let's take A look. We got a little 49 ERs. Vikings. I'll probably watch That one Saints Cowboys. Definitely watching That. Yeah, That'll be a fun one to watch. Bucks Lions I. Think That One's gonna be a fun one to watch. That's That's the fourth one for me. Yeah, I'm going 49 ERs Vikings, giants, commanders, saints, cowboys, B Lions. Really wanna watch how the Lions do against the B D line. And And. Todd Bowles. That'll be a fun matchup to watch in division game. In Division game with Ja Giants Cow Commanders Saints played Well last week. How do they play against the Cowboys? Dude, the Saints defense ERs I, their head coach Dennis Allen. He does some really good things. So it'll be interesting to see how the Cowboys play. The Saints ERs Well ERs. If Derrick car can light it up again, And Fort nine ERs Vikings. It'd be fun to watch ERs Well back To YouTube tv. The best part ERs, That. You don't even have to listen to Jason How about That. You can put your own multi-view together. And. It's entirely up to you. Don't miss a moment of the action. Watch every game, every Sunday when you bundle NF NFL. SUNDAY TICKET with YouTube tv. Sign up Today for NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. At youtube.com/nh device. And Content restrictions apply to multiview. YouTube TV base plan includes locally And, nationally televised games. And NFL SUNDAY. TICKET includes out of market games, excludes digital only games, terms restrictions. And embargoes do apply. No refunds.


Can you feel It? Kind of The NFL season ERs officially here. And. That's why We need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor. SEATGEEK, who are back for their third season with new Heights s right. SEATGEEK has been here all along. And, we've had a special discount for the 92 Percenters. Get 15% off. Any tickets on SEATGEEK, whether you're a new customer or not, with the code. Kelsey one five. That works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis play. You name it, you can even grab a ticket to come back to experience Bill's mafia with me in a couple weeks. SEATGEEK rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green typically means good And. In this case it definitely means good Red And. No. So Save yourself some money. Open the SEATGEEK app And. Add code Kelsey 15. That's s Right Kelsey. Patrick Mahomes to your account to get your 15% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SEATGEEK before. That's code Kelsey. 15 for 15% off terms do apply.


All right, now We both got outta the house a little bit this weekend. Jason, we will start with you. Jason's first Monday Night Countdown on ESPN. You went up to the Bay Area for your first Monday Night Countdown. I appearance. I did. And forgot to pack a shirt for Jason. Luckily enough, there was a Lululemon around And. He got to explain himself within the first 30 seconds of his ESPN debut. In quotes from SVP. Jason ERs wearing a shirt he got at the mall because he left his travel bag in the truck. Just like Jason just said, And. Jason replied. What did I say? I said something about tits.


It fits my belly now. Yeah, I've lost a little bit of weight, but my tits are still struggling. Which ERs a great quote. And me. And. Taylor were watching That absolutely dying. Laughing at it. It was the perfect thing to open everybody up to what they were gonna experience for the next 18 weeks. First of all, do we think this ERs the first time Tits has been said on ESPN? And? I? Don't know. I got asked on Twitter And even when I said it. I get like tits ERs a funny word. 'cause I think it's allowable. Like they're not, it's not against the rules to say in a broadcast, but it's definitely something That you wouldn't typically say on a broadcast. You know what I mean? Like it's, it's like one of those words.


That doesn't belong on a broadcast. And. It's like, I'm trying to think like, what are other words? That. It would work like grundle. Like if you said Grundle, they technically wouldn't bleep it, but it's a weird word to just pull outta your ass. Yeah, It's Ts, Ts was the most perfect word, That you could've used for That situation. And. That. Those buttons were holding on by the thread. They were, it was I mean. They were, it was tied up top. It looked like a stretchy shirt, but it looked like you might have needed to go though. It was stretching. Well the problem ERs. My belly was swimming. So going to a three x would've been, would've been hard. Wouldn't have looked right. I don't know. I I replied on X And.


It surprised he even bought a new one. You typically, you just, you just go shirtless. If you, if you forget your shirt, I mean Pat McAfee's Don. A couple of these things. Shirtless I. Think I. I feels like anything goes now in the world of broadcasting. Yeah. Tits out. Suns out. Tits out. Let's get into the actual show a little bit. Did you feel prepared for your first broadcast? It's like, it's like anything you do your first time. I did not feel prepared. I felt very nervous. I didn't know what to expect. And. Then you realize That, you were prepared. That. ESPN did a great job of setting everything up. And. That, you're on set. Thankfully for me with three other guys, That have Don it a bunch. And. You guys mesh.


So Well man Ryan. Ryan was saving me like there was was one time I was struggling for the word to say And. He was like exotic. I was like guess exotic. Like there's I. Think it was I was nervous. There's no two ways about it. I think it whenever you're doing something for the first time. And, you don't know what to expect. I think that's natural. It was a lot of fun. And. I. Think That. Me being up there with guys. That had Don it before. And are so good at it. You feel more comfortable the moment you start doing it with them. Well, dude, you guys all look like you guys have been doing it for a long time together because it was very entertaining. I hadn't watched a Monday night countdown from start to finish. Like That in a in a in a long time.


And. You guys looked like you hadn't missed a step coming into the season. And. It was just a lot of fun. Everybody had great points. Spears came in with the glasses. Oh yeah. That, you're still wearing today. Yeah. You loved him so much. Shout out to Swaggy. Shout. Shout out to Swaggy man. Such a good Dog. It's fellow tight end. We're just everywhere. What can't we do? Swaggy played D-Line. Yeah, he did, but he also played tight end at LSU. Oh, I'm gonna have to bring That up. I did not know That. Don't forget it baby. Oh, I. Can't wait to bring this up with Swaggy. And. SVP ERs just the absolute best man. It was, it was entertaining though. I was having too much fun watching you guys crack jokes. And And And. Really talk good ball.


Really talk good ball about both, both teams. Yeah, It was, it was a lot of fun. It was. It was fun to actually get one under my belt. Now I kind of know what to expect going into this next week. Well. I. Guess it'll be different. 'cause this one's at the link. Baby And. It's gonna be wild environment. Yeah. It's Also, it's, it's awesome to be in the stadium. It really ERs you see, got to see Trent Williams, got to see John Lynch. You're seeing all these guys, you know, Deebo, all these players. That, you know, you've played a bunch against, it's, it's fun to actually be in the stadium itself with the fans. And, one guy I got to see was my man, Jerry Rice. Jerry Rice. Lemme me tell you baby, lemme Don. Don't know That. There was anybody in the stadium more fired up for 49 ERs Football than Jerry Rice.


I. Think he, we dapped up maybe 15 times. He ERs he ERs 49 ERs. Football Man, bro, he And his hands are still big ERs. Shitting hard because I was tired of dapping him up by the end of this interaction. Like, dude, he's, he's the best dude. My man was fired up for the game. He's truly the goat man. And. He, he's beloved by the Niners organization, by their fan base. He thrives in it. He knows That. He's, he's one of the greatest to ever do it. And That was a big, big part in San Fran where he did it. Man. And, it's always good running into him. Even out in Tahoe. I got to say what's up to him for like two seconds. And it was, it's like, I'm like, I'm a little kid in the candy store getting to say what's up to Jerry Rice man Well the, hopefully the, the 49 ERs.


Fans treated you. Well, I, I don't always get That response for some reason. Yeah. Jason, you also somehow managed to meet an Eagle fan at the Niners Jets game. I Did. There was 1 62 jersey in the crowd. Had to make sure I got up. And signed That 1 4 9 ERs. Fans for the most part were very Nice And, respectful. I know there's been a bad, a lot of bad blood between the Eagles. And 49 ERs. I've never said a bad word about the 49 ERs. 'cause I respect them. ERs a team I. Know That. There's been a lot of trash talk involved. I stay outta all That nonsense to me. You know, they've been a really, really good team. And. It was fun to actually be in Sam Fran for their season opener. Got a couple booze. And I.


I actually like it. I don't know what it ERs when a, when a team boos you, it's like, yeah, you're booing me because I'm great. Nobody proves it's respect. Exactly. It's respect. Yeah. So keep 'em coming if you want. Let's get the year out of the house. 'cause I think that's what 92% of the people listening to this podcast are waiting to hear. Trav, you went out of the house during your mini buy. And went to the New York US Open Final How about That. I did. I Did ERs this your first time gonna the US Open. Yeah. It was my first time. It was my second time going to a tennis match, or at least a professional tennis match. ERs big ERs. This one I was I. Went to one in Indio, California out there in Palm Springs to support my guy Jack Sock.


Now retired in playing pickleball, guy's pretty saucy on the pickleball court ERs, Well ERs. You would assume a tennis player would be, but yeah, this was nothing like That. This was a completely different world. I looked to my left And, my right And. Every single time I did it. I saw a familiar face. There were so many fucking people there to see the action And, especially the final game, knowing That an American was in the US Open. Yeah. Baby Taylor. Fritz unfortunately couldn't come away with the win, but it was still fun to see two of the top dogs in the, in the game. Go at it for, for a couple hours. What ERs a live tennis match? Like, like I've, I've never been to That level. It's very quiet. It's very quiet.


And. You know us when it's very quiet, we wanna say something. Yeah. And. We wanna do something And. I'm not a quiet person. I've never been a quiet person. I've always like been the kid in like the back of the class. Like when it gets quiet, like say something smart or say something funny. Or at least try And get a rise out people. So the entire time I wanted to heckle the, the Italian center, the number one player in the world. Yeah. And. Really try And get in his head to help my guy frizzy out. Yeah. And really give a, give him a home court advantage here in here in America. But I I played it cool. I played it. Respectful. I knowing That, that's kind of frowned upon And. I'm sure I started heckling him like, like the guy did in in Happy Gilmore Screaming Jackass at Happy.


My gosh. If it would've got to That Point, I would've probably got asked to leave really quick. Yeah, No doubt. Yeah, they don't, they don't mess around with That in the gentleman sports. Yeah, the gentleman sports. Oh yeah. I I dressed the part. I acted the part. Yeah. I just I. I was very quiet except for during intermissions when they were playing music. Nice That was about the only time I was really showing my personality.


Another Reason you might've been quiet, I saw multiple people on Twitter. Swifties And, SportsCenter ERs Well Catching the fact. That. You are actually watching Football Well Jason. When you get something like YouTube TV on Sunday Sunday ticket on YouTube tv, you can watch any game That you want. You can actually watch up to four games at once. Did you, Were you, can you do Multiview on your phone? Were you doing Are? you kidding me? Yes. That's Amazing. I love this. It's perfect. I. Love it. I love it. It's fucking the first Sunday of the NFL season. You think I was gonna miss a one o'clock? Like start it like the, the match started I think at two o'clock. So these games were like right in like the second quarter, right at halftime going into the second half. It was prime time for for any NFL fan And. I've always been a fan First. Man. Dude, can you I I mean this ERs per the perfect combination. You have a quiet stadium stadium Of the U Us. You got a quiet stadium in the US Open. The volume was down. Helix watching I wasn't listening to two of the Best tennis players. Yep. Okay. There's an ace. Nobody's making noise. And I can still hear the announcer down here. Oh, I was watching That Miami's Dolphins game just waiting for Tyreek Hill to go for 300 yards. And And five touchdowns. Knowing what happened earlier in the day. And sure enough, Finally at the, in the fourth quarter, I believe, or the third quarter when Jackson I think Jacksonville had just fumbled the ball. And. Literally the fir the next play, they go up top to Tyreek Hill And. He has this fun touchdown celebration where, yeah, you can lock me up all you want, baby Well. Either way, I had a blast watching you guys at the US Open on Twitter, Had the old country club look going with the the cardigan And And And button up And. Then the hat to match I was Gucci. Head to toe. And suspenders. Yeah, And. Then I had the Magoo mustache. The the Magoo bucket. The bucket hat with the mustache ERs. Very Moish And I Am I was a huge Mr. Magoo fan growing up. Man, Magoo didn't have the bucket. He had like the bowler hat, didn't he? Yeah, but it was it like it's a similar look. Yeah, it's very I know what, what you mean? It makes me feel like Magoo. Yeah. Well, shout out to Mr. Magoo And. Shout out to YouTube TV for keeping Let watch four Games at once. Interesting. Right. Exactly. Yes. My God. Taylor Tough man. Alright Right. Now before we get up on Outta Hell, no dumb questions, that's s right because there's no dumb questions. There's just dumb ass people like me. And Jason answering really smart, intelligent questions. That, you need to have a very clear mind to answer. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. No dumb questions brought to you by our friends at NF NFL. SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. There We go. The guys That I was using to stay up on all of the action throughout the NFL while I was at the US Open. Yeah, baby. Ironically Here baby, ironically. NF NFL. SUNDAY TICKET to YouTube TV gives you the most live NFL games all in one place. Terms And, embargoes apply. You guys know what embargoes mean? We went over That last week.


Our first no dumb question from Amelda on X. Can you explain the new kickoff And, why they decided to change it? Also, if you guys think it will benefit the game in any way. 92 Percenters And Swifty. Shout out to the Swifties. Thank you. No dumb questions. How about Pastor How about That dumb questions. Yeah, we've kind of already answered how it's different. There's a landing zone. The players on both sides are start five yards away from the landing zone. The kick has to go in the landing zone. We're not gonna go back into all these different rules right now. To be honest with you. I mean I wasn't in on it. Now I'm in on it. I've been in on it. We've talked about this before. Why ERs it gonna benefit the game? Because it's the game ERs more fun when special teams make impacts on the game.


It's just, it's, it's, it's more fun when it's a part of it. It's gonna turn into an electric play. We already saw our first touchdown on it this past week with the Arizona Cardinals And. The reason they changed it ERs because they're trying to find a safe way for the kickoff to still happen. The bottom line ERs kickoffs weren't being returned at a high rate because of some of the rules implemented. And Touchback rules designed to reduce the amount of returns And make the game safer. Overwhelmingly, fans prefer That. The kickoff actually happens. And That, there are kickoff returns at a decent rate And so far it seems like it's accomplishing it. Overall. It's been a 9.5% increase on kickoff returns since last season.


The returns also have averaged 27.2 yards. That's up from last year's 23 yards. So overall it feels like this ERs gonna get back to making an impact in games, which I am all in favor of And, especially guys. That played in the league when special teams players are impacting the game. It's exciting. Those are guys, That are doing ev they're playing scout team. They're doing all the dirty things. They're, a lot of 'em are making league minimum, which still get money, but they're not making the big contracts. A lot of 'em. So it's, it, it's just more fun watching guys. That put all of this time And effort in. Go out there, And And ball out on game day. You love watching it.


When guys do That, And have a moment. So anyways, I Concur. Exactly what you just said, And. I'm only laughing because the fact That, you're still taking serious takes on things with those fucking glasses on ERs. Absolutely hilarious. These, These are my rose shades, baby. Oh Yeah. Alright. Next note. I question from Michelle Morgan. Do either of you guys like pumpkin spice lattes or pumpkin flavored anything? Especially those little pumpkin cakes. And cookies, And grocery stores. Laugh out loud. Michelle from Akron. Rowdy, rowdy North side seven County Ohio Okay. Don't know. Never had one. Travis, what do you think about pumpkin spice lattes? Don't know. Never had one. All right. Also, I really only do pumpkin seeds in in my oatmeal.


You do pumpkin The mornings pumpkin seeds. Pumpkin Seeds are pretty good. I'll agree with That. Yeah. What about, are you a big pumpkin pie guy? I. I'm not a pie guy. Not a pie guy at all. Yeah. But feel like Pumpkin pie's a little bit different. It's got a different texture than normal pie. Pie Pies. Pie. Not a, not a pie guy. I, gotta get you down the shore. Have a little Stephen cookies. Blueberry pie. I'm not a big pie guy either, but That blueberry pie. It's Stephen cookies. Whew. It's pretty good. I. Don't mind pumpkin pie in the right environment. It's a little cold outside. I. See some leaves changing for some reason. I get the itch to have some, but in general, I think pumpkin's an overrated flavor. I think it's, It. It's, it's similar to a lot of these advertising trends That people will do to try And, get you to commerce their businesses or making up national holidays like it means a damn thing just to get you to buy whatever product That holiday ERs selling.


So in general, I do not fall victim to the pumpkin spice lattes. Pumpkin cookies. Pumpkin cakes. About the only thing I fall victim to ERs buying some of those cute little pumpkins to put on my front porch. Yep. And I. Do look forward to making some jack-o-lanterns this year with, with the girls. That'll be a fun project. Make sure you share. Can't wait to see That ERs Well. I'm right there with you. I'm not a big pumpkin. Anything other than pumpkin seeds in my granola I will do. Reeses And. That's just 'cause I, they're, they're beneficial. The Reeses Halloween edition That are shaped like little pumpkins. I haven't had I, haven't had those on a forever. How fallen victim to those ones. But really, I'm just looking for an excuse to buy Reese's at That point.


I'm in on seasonal stuff though. I am Like how you were saying on what Seasonal stuff are you in on? Like I? Like a, like, like a hot Dog On fall July Harvest. Yeah. I'm like a fall harvest. Like cup of cup of Joe. What's a fall harvest? Harvest cup of Joe. Isn't That What? I. I. Just feel like I. See a few of 'em. Maybe just I. Think you, You just told me you Like pumpkin, cinnamon, pumpkin spice Spice lattes ERs. What you just told me. You're describing a pumpkin spice latte. It's not pumpkin though. It ERs ERs. It's just like a cinnamon spice, bro. Pumpkin spice lattes have cinnamon And, pumpkin. Yeah, but not pumpkin. What I'm talking about isn't pumpkin. So you're talking about more of like, it's later fall around the holidays of like af post Thanksgiving.


Maybe. Like what they, they they put on the rim almost for a Christmas sale. I'll do That I fall victim to some Christmas. A Christmas a Yeah. Gosh. Great. Lakes get gets me on That. I am in on coffee being seasonal. I think sometimes it just matches the air. It just, it just connects perfectly. Should I try my first pumpkin spice latte? Yeah. Give us a, give us a, a good Jason Jason Kelsey review. You shoot on down Donut. Looks like I'm gonna Starbucks Well dunk donuts or Starbucks. Yeah, And. Get your first pumpkin spice latte. Let us know what you think. All right, love it. Well. Shout out to Michelle Morgan. All Right That does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by our friends at NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv.


Don't forget to sign up today at youtube.com/nh Alright. right. And That wraps up the Show, this 100th episode ERs in the book. Thank you so much. 92 Percenters for helping us get here. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel. And Follow on New Heights. On the Wondery App or where We get your podcast reminder. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights, early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple podcasts. Once again, new Heights ERs, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports And Entertainment And, brought to you by BUFFALO WILD. WINGS. Let's go Sports Bar Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week.


And, thanks to our production And crew. Again, And again, And again for always looking out for us. And, all the 92 Percenters for tuning in And. We will see you guys next week. That's What Jason looks like right now. Just a jazzy little, That's not jazz I. Don't know what That ERs, but jazz. Jazz would be like, this guy's ridiculous. I just got the glasses. I used to fucking play jazz. I'm trying to think.


Nice, you're way better at it. That's exactly what I just did. You literally just did what I did. But put a Don. Yours could have been with a different rhythm section. That completely changed it up. Right, you didn't have any swing in yours. I don't remember it. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcast. And. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.