
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today, Audible's best 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top Audio books podcast in originals in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. Audibles curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2024 is best in audio entertainment Like the year's best fiction, such as Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange, or The Woman by Kristen Hannah. Or If you're into Mysteries and thrillers, check out First Lie Wins by Ashley Elston, or we Play Games by Sarah, a Denzel Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/new Heights. That's Right. That's audible.com/new Heights


monopoly Go gives players a new way to experience the emotional and competitive rollercoaster of the legendary game. Make friends play together with friends and family and watch your empire expand along with your fortune. In monopoly. Go friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together. The next you're destroying their landmarks with a wrecking ball, your best friends, then your bid rivals, then your best friends. Again, that's how the game Goes. But no matter how fickle the relationship is, one thing never changes in Monopoly. Go. Your friends are your most valuable assets. So join your friends and download Monopoly. Go today. Free on the App Store or Google Play.


I don't Watch it. I'm about to throw up two. Dude, it is so bad. Get it off the screen. I don't Wanna watch it anymore. We just fast forward to the end. Get it Off the screen.


Hey, Welcome back to New Heights Ladies and gentlemen on Wondery Show, produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by N NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. That's right, you can still get NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET for the rest of the NFL regular season for just $89. How about that? Mm, Offer Ends. December second terms and embargoes applied.


Hey, We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kel, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland. Heights Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alums. How about that? Huh? Hey, how about those Bearcats? Man? Fuck. We gotta fucking find a way to get a win Boys Been a rough couple weeks. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason. Let the people know what we have coming up. We Got a fantastic episode ready for you guys. We're going to start off on a SOR note with the Chief's first loss of the season. Then we're gonna get into a much up, more uplifting note with the Eagles taking down the Commies. Who doesn't like to take down Commies? I think Commies. As Well as the rest of the biggest storylines from across the NFL in week 11. But before we get started, we're gonna start with a little bit of that New news.


New news. And This new news is something that Wyatt is gonna be happy to find out. Whoa.


New news is brought to you by MOANA two. That's right. MOANA two. Oh nice. It's Coming to theaters November 27th. I can't, That's exciting. MOANA is fantastic. One of the things I really like about MOANA is that it's Like I Don't know. I, it feels like in a world where a lot of these stories just kind of get like remade MOANA was an original. I think the lead character is a powerful female that I really like this. The music's great. The rock kills it. Maui's a fantastic character, but there's also not like the bad guy ends up being the same as the good guy in the movie. I, I don't know what Mono two is about, but the first one was about really just like being good to the land and mother nature fighting back against Yeah. You know, really monocultures of of coconuts I think anyways. Yeah, MOANA too. Coming November 27th. Can't wait to see what this one's about and if to Toti is back to Needs the Heart. What was it? What was it? What was it missing again? The heart. Something Heart. God dammit. The hearts of Titi. Nice. Yeah. Be good to the land.


Anyways. Mama Kelsey new news. Mama Kelsey, acting debut. Oh, that's right. Mama Donna. Mama Kelsey is gonna make her acting debut next Saturday. That's right. Next Saturday. November 30th. What in holiday Touchdown. A chief's love story on the Hallmark channel. Gotta admit, I have not seen a lot of Hallmark movies. I'm excited to watch this one. Mama Kels is, she owns a barbecue joint. That's Right. She's a manager of a barbecue restaurant. Yeah. Mom Can cook a lot of things. I don't think I know she's ever made barbecue a million. She's never made barbecue for us. No, I Mean like, not even like barbecue sauce. I don't even remember that being like a thing that mom would do. That was dad's deal. Dad was like, yeah, leave the barbecue to me.


I'll make the sauce at home. You know. I think it's good enough to sell. I Think. Dude, he wanted you remember that dad wanted to sell his own barbecue sauce? He did. And mom was like, ed, we can't mortgage our entire financial savings because you wanna sell your barbecue sauce. Oh dude, that barbecue sauce was really good though. It Was fucking great. I've had it again, it doesn't taste, I don't know if dad didn't write down the recipe. Right. I feel like you know, sometimes when you're finagling stuff just off the fly, off the cuff, you nail it. That's good. I also like he, we tried to recreate it Finagle he, We tried to recreate it and he gave me the list and I expected it to be like a big Head. He is a kill. He is finagling.


He gave me this barbecue sauce recipe and I was gonna try and make it one, it was like 4th of July or something like that. And I was expecting it to be like, Don, you got Like don't at the ingredients, Don't look at the ingredients. Spices, these Herbs like brown sugar, Ketchup, ketchup, brown sugar. This thing is nothing but other sauces and other condiments combined to make one. Like, I'm like, dude, you can't how many scammed us all? You just went to the, he just said Sweet baby rays mixed with fucking Dude. He just went to the, Hey man, this shit is good as hell. No wonder he Went to the fountain coke machine at McDonald's and just a bunch of 'em together. I got my own sauce. I'm not gonna lie.


Shit. That's how you got fucking vanilla coke. That's how you got fucking, you know what I mean? All I know It was good And, and dad was onto something and another world, you know, He figured it out. He figured out Big Ed's barbecue sauce could have been a thing maybe. Yeah. And the word around town was, you know, big Ed could fucking make some Wings man. He Could make Wings. Everybody loved those Wings. Everybody. The original Kelsey Mix. Yeah. Check Out the, remember 27th as we said, mom's first acting debut is is is hitting the big screens. Well, TV screens. I think those go straight to TVs. I don't think that goes to the Theater. Yeah, I think they go straight to streaming. But You can, you can't see MOANA too in, in theaters. All Right now Jason debuts Santa Drives in Astro Van.


That's right. Yeah baby. How did It feel being up on stage? Big Guy? Well my voice was gone. I lost my Voice fucking the previous week. Oh fucking So. We talked about this. Yeah, I was really nervous You Didn't do our remedy. I tried. I think I had about You know I probably had more honey than Winnie the Pooh throughout the whole evening. You went the honey route, you went the wrong route. I did tea and honey. It was Both. See you went T you can't Jason, did you hear anything? I said you didn't fucking listen to anything I said and you still had a raspy voice. You tried to go the fucking, you're so ridiculous between This and then trying to film something else. I could not See. Did we turn the sound off for a second while, while Jason's shaking his little shaker little banana shaker.


Oh yeah. Look at you. Everybody mute your computer now everybody mute. I love your facial express. It's like, how did I'm Nervous. Right. now go. Sorry. Sorry, I'm not sorry. That's good. Nice, nice man. I love right before you get on the mic you're like, you're like looking at everyone like here it Goes.


Here it goes. Sorry for ruining the song. Everybody. We will get through this though. We'll get through this together and enjoy the rest of this song. I could not sing. It was so bad. You just gotta go Honey did not help But you, you should have fucking just chugged some Jack Daniels before you walked up there. Everyone, I would encourage you to listen to the actual recording where I sound much better because my voice is not hoarse. Yeah. But no, it was an awesome experience. It was really cool To be a part of Mount Joy is phenomenal. The fact that they lent their time and energy to this effort was fantastic.


Yeah, I don't know. The Eagles fans made it special. There was enough energy already because it was the biggest game of the year for the Philadelphia Eagles. So it was, it was just an awesome of evening of of music and football. Does it feel weird you've done this the past like three years. Does it feel weird doing a lot for Christmas? Not in December. It does feel a little weird, but you kind of have to do the lead up to it. You have to stay ahead of it. But I, you know me, I've always loved Christmas. We've always loved Christmas. So you know, and listen, the previous two albums, we've raised over $4 million for God damn 50 different charitable organizations because people have supported the album and bought it and appreciated it.


So it makes it a lot easier to do when you know that you, it's gonna make a huge impact in your community. So Santa Drives an Astro van Ladies and gentlemen live at the link. The third and final record in the Philadelphia Special Christmas trilogy is, is out now. So make sure you guys go and check that out. Yep. Please support. We've had a lot of support in the past and we're trying to do it even bigger this year. We have aspirations to do a lot of amazing things for the community and you know, the only reason we're able to do any of that is because people support the album and it's turned into this, this wonderful Philadelphia thing that I think just is fun. We have a operation snowball we're trying to execute on this year. I haven't even told anybody about this yet, I don't even know if I'm allowed to share this, but our goal this year, operation Snowball is a citywide special initiative to try and get a gift to every kid in the Philly public schools.


So we're partnering with the Philadelphia public school system as well as some other organizations in the city and people in the private sector to try and get gifts to every single school for the kids throughout Philadelphia, which is a lot of kids. And the only reason we're able to do that is because the city supports it. People buy the album, they listen to the album. But more importantly, and I really felt this from the moment I got to Philadelphia, it's really just such a city entrenched with pride and joy for itself. Yeah. The sense of community and family is so strong. It is very Strong out out there and yep. And You know I don't know that it would be done anywhere else, but I think, I think we're gonna be able to pull it off with how much, you know, the community is willing to support it.


So, we appreciate you guys. Really excited to, you know, bring some joy around the holidays to everyone out there and yeah, thanks for supporting Jason Broke a world record. Hey, how about that last piece of new news here. Jason is now officially a world record holder. How about that? Jason Guinness book, a world record. You made it Kid. On Monday Night Countdown Jason attempted to break two world records. The longest blindfolded catch of a football that did not go well, did not go well at all. Was this inspired by the sun at at and t stadium? I Don't. So all of these things, The peeking through the glass, I Think.


it was just dude perfect. Kind of set up a lot of these games and they were like, hey, you're not gonna catch this ball, but it's gonna look hilarious. So it's like, alright. Enough game. So they actually pulled this off. They hold the world record. I Think it for longest. Oh, Right in the fucking clavicle. Right in the jugular. Gosh. Ah, we gotta keep our eye, we gotta keep our hands up. Eyes up. I felt like it was a lot closer than what it just looked Like. No, that's a, I mean how long did they say it was? I Think? it looks like it 30, 40 Yards. That one over 40 yards. That one was over 40 yards. But the longest hot dog was right around 60 yards. Do we have that Clip? Somebody threw a hotdog. 60 yards.


There's no from dude. Perfect. He can throw a hotdog. 60 Yards dude. So he, he had a good little arm on him and yeah, we got, got downwind. We had to switch sides. Impressive. So the hotdog would make it down there. Give this guy a fucking scholarship, man. Fuck Motherfucking scholarship Dude. This is, this is goddamn good. The longest throwing catch of a hot dog into a bun. Nice. Yes. So he was just throwing naked wieners and you were catching them in the bun In my bun. Oh yeah, that's right. Were they toasted in my buns? My buns Were, I know you're a big toasted bun guy. My Buns were loose and lubricated and ready to receive that wiener. Jesus.


Perfect catch. I'm Gonna say, where's one plus content when you need it. Dude, those hot dogs at Jerry World are fucking ridiculous. They are the girth on those hot dogs. And then we did another one. We actually ate the hot dog. Yeah, I saw That. Like no filler. It was disgusting. It was a cold. It was absolutely gross. Now you, Now you know exactly what I'm talking about. That's every hot dog. You just finally came to realization. This one just had a, a consistency to it that was like, you know, hot dogs have like filler in it. Like it's not all man meat, the Is filler. But I think that one was so so it's A filled of condom. It was too high quality of a hot dog. I think I found out through that eating that hot dog that I like cheap hot dogs.


If it's too nice of a hot dog, it's like it was a bad hot dog Gourmet gli. You were I gourmet gizzy. It Was, it was thick and like as soon as I bit into it I was like, what in the hell? Honestly, dude, a hot dog eating contest might be a nightmare. Like I think I've actually woken up in like a dead sweat out of a outta sleep one time because I was in like a, a hotdog eating contest against my will. You had a nightmare. A hotdog eating contest. Nightmare Dude that, I mean just the smell and just, you're stuffing yourself until you have to vomit. And then I already have to vomit because of the text. Oh God.


Have you ever had a mayonnaise eating contest nightmare? No. Nobody would ever do that. Dude, that's a real thing. No it's not. Brandon, find a mayonnaise eating contest and put it on his fucking street Now. Dude, that is the street Right. now Don wanna do that? I just got fucking chills. Manna Mayonnaise eating contest. I just got chills. I did have lunch Jason, I don't wanna do this. Dude. I've seen it like people have eaten like five jars and shit. Look at this. All right, that's all I had to see. I just wanted to see If. it was real. I don't wanna Watch. I'm about throw up two. Dude, what the fuck? Fuck that is so gross. Oh, oh Yeah.


I'm out the screen. Dude, it is so bad the, I don't wanna watch it anymore dude. Get it outta, I don't even get queasy. And this is disgusting. It looks like disgusting. I'm kind of like tricking myself into thinking she's eating yogurt That close this. I'm like in my head I'm like, okay outta here. It's actually vanilla pudding. That's the only way I can comfortable even pulling myself. The texture Is disgusting. Oh my gosh, That is so gross. Oh, get it outta here. I. like That. She just shook. Dude, I don't wanna, I I'm dude, you can fast forward to the end. I How many, how many does she get through? It doesn't matter. That's just foul Oh.


Gosh, That's just fo She's Going back. This is like fear factor man. Oh dude So Much man. I'm sweating now. Gosh. God dude, why is this so like I watch hotdog eating contests all day and not get grossed out. Ugh. This is like, there's something just like so pulsive about this. Can I just point out that like I would, I would've said sway. Can you get It off the screen? This is like nails on a chalkboard to me. Dude. I can't look up and fucking All right. Mina Kunas, I think, I think we're done. Fucking just housing fucking mayonnaise. Dude, this is disgusting. Five jars of mayonnaise in three minutes.


What the fuck was that? That was a, you just put me on a rollercoaster Brandon. I feel like I just fucking got tossed around the room man. So yeah, God damnit. Maybe now you'll have a nightmare about that. Man, that's really gross. That that was so un For everyone On audio that is not watching this on YouTube, I highly recommend you do not, do not. Go and watch that. What was her name again? Michelle Les Lesko. Michelle Lesko. Do yourself a favor and do not watch that clip. And that does it for new news brought to you by MOANA. Two in theaters November 27th. How about that?


All Right now 92 Percenters. You guys know we love NF NFL, SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv and we're excited to have them as a sponsor for today's episode. Yeah, It's already week 12 Trav and we've got some great games coming up this weekend, including a bunch of division rivalry games I'm fired up to watch. Luckily it comes with multi-view. So I can watch four games at once. Well I'm gonna be playing a one o'clock Eastern on Sunday. But Jason, who are you putting on your multi-view? Yeah, I mean I think I've gonna go Chiefs Panthers for obvious reasons. I probably go Lions, Colts 'cause I really like watching the Lions play. Former offensive coordinator, Shane Steichen probably go Cowboys commanders just 'cause it's NFC East and then Vikings Bears in Division game. Vikings have looked really good interested to see if they can continue to look like the team they have. Remember Right now you can get the Thanksgiving sale price of NFL Sunday Ticket for just $89 when you sign up today we're racing to the playoffs and that price won't last long. Offer Ends December second. No cancellations. Terms restrictions and embargoes apply.


All righty, I'm excited to talk about our next partner. Disney's MOANA two. Heck yeah baby. That's right. MOANA two is coming to theaters near you on November 27th. Jason are the, are the girls big MOANA fans. How many times have you guys watched this thing? Is it like a every, every week kind of kind of deal or what? They've always been big MOANA fans and more importantly Moana's one of the ones that Kylie and I can watch. It's just really well done. The music is really good. It's a unique movie. I'm also happy that it's a newer movie that was unique and like it embraces like culture. Man. They do a good job. They do a good job over at Disney But. yeah, either way I'm fired up about MOANA two very fired up. I also hear that in MOANA two she goes on an even bigger adventure than in the first film. And guess what, Trav that comes with some new characters and songs All Right now. And apparently there's a new song called Beyond from the movie, which is supposed to be pretty electric. Check it out. 92 Percenters Plus. There's a hilarious dynamic Of course between MOANA and Maui, played by Dwayne the Rock Johnson All Right now and continues in this new story. That's Right Trav. You guys aren't gonna wanna miss this one. Make sure you take the whole family to see MOANA two in theaters November 27th. Again, that's November 27th.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking ALLSTATE first. Just like you know to check If, you packed your headphones before you get on the plane for an away game. Or Like, you know, to check If, you put gas in the car before you head out on a family road trip with three kids and two Irish Wolf House. Yeah. And checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds, maybe even thousands. You're in good hands with ALLSTATE Savings vary. Terms apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and Affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


All righty, bold topics to wrap up Week 11 in the NFL Chiefs recap. Let's get into it. Trav Bill's 30, chiefs 21. Great game. It was a fun game to watch. Did not turn out the best for the Kansas. City Chiefs The Bills played a great four quarter football game. Turnover early, got the ball at half possessions, didn't have a lot of 'em. They were doing a good job of of you know, keeping the o our offense off the field, putting together drives, I mean keep having hard to do against keep Pat Ma homes off the, off the football field, man. Absolutely. And it was impressive. I mean yeah, they were converting third downs. Something that I think we didn't do a great job of. They won their one-on-one matchups.


Yeah. In a, in a lot of different areas. And it wasn't just, you know, in, in terms of like the wide receiver DB one-on-one matchups. I Think it was all over the board and back to the drawing board for sure. I Think it was a, it was a nice, I don't want to call the wake up call because we went into that game knowing that, you know, the bills were one of the top teams in the football in the NFL. Sometimes you just need a different perspective on, on, on things. And watching this game back, you know, you kind of see a trend happening over the past like three to four weeks and, and you just gotta fine tune things, get back to the basics, get back to the fundamentals. Yeah. And really just get back to, to going to work throughout the week and, and You know I, I have all the confidence in the world.


We'll we'll be better because of this game. But at the same time, you know, hats off to the bills for showing up man. Yeah. I have a feeling this is not gonna be the last game. The Kansas City Chiefs and Bills played this season and kudos to the bills. They played great. Josh Allen played fantastic. Like we were saying, they sustained a lot of drives and the Kansas City defense has been so good and I don't, I don't think like the defense didn't play bad. It was more like the bills just made plays at the right time. Josh played great. This was two really good teams going up against each other and the biggest play of the game, you know, obviously Pat is so good down the stretch with the ball in his hands and he did it the drive right before Buffalo scores their last touchdown, you guys drive down and bring the game within two points and McDermott and the bills have a decision on fourth down with two yards to either pun it or try and retain possession.


And the last thing I think anybody thought was that Josh Allen was gonna scramble and score a touchdown on the play. But I mean, I Think that aggression is what you have to do. If. You give me a B or C you can, I'm saying Josh Allen's doing something with his feet. Yeah, yeah. That's fair. Josh Allen. I mean they were on quarterback power. They were like, yeah, they do. Let's put it in Superman's hands. Yeah. You Know, no doubt. And he and he executed it to perfection. That's what they had to do. I think that they knew if they would've given that ball back to Pat, it's out of our hands. And they decided to be aggressive and take control of it and it paid off. Man, look at how, and Carl Loftus was so close. If he George, either way it was an awesome game. You could see the intensity out there from both teams because obviously you guys have played a lot of meaningful football games against each other.


Let's get some post game thoughts. Mahomes, you can use it as fuel. That's a good football team. So it's nothing to hang your head about. We feel like we can play better. So we'll get back to work and try to use it as a spark to be a better football team in the end. The undefeated thing was cool, but that's not our ultimate goal. I love this and I think that this is all you can do. You, you, you, you take losses or you take things that you're not operating at the right level or where you want to be at and you try and become better from it. Yeah. The Bills are a great football team. They are, they're, they're one of the best football teams in the NFL this year. And they're gonna be able to win any football game they're in, especially with the guy they got playing quarterback and the team they've assembled. And you know, it's a, it's an experience that will ultimately make the Kansas City Chiefs better from moving forward.


I really believe that. Yeah. Andy Reed on the Undefeated Talk going away potentially being a relief for his team. He said, I don't really care about all that crap. Which, I mean, how much were you guys hearing of the undefeated stuff? 'cause I, it feels like there's this narrative out there that that was potentially getting in your head. I find that hard to believe that you guys are even like, even thinking about that. You don't think about, oh, I really wanna win this game so I can remain a defeated No, we wanna win this game because we, we have a lot of really close football games against the Buffalo Bills and we, we love fucking competing against them because they're one of the best teams in the league. Like I get fired up playing Against We Killer Advantage in playoffs.


Yeah. Yeah. I I I get fired up playing against the best teams in the National Football League and I was fired up for this one and I didn't play my best and that shit, that shit fucking like, it pisses me off and it, it made me, you know, go right back into work on Monday after the game and get after it and find a, find a way to make shit. Right. Yeah. I think this is something that, that you won't see out of us in the future. I think we're very confident that we'll get the things fixed. We have all the talent that we need to go and, and win another Super Bowl. I've been on Super Bowl winning teams. We have enough talent to fucking make a run at this thing. And I think everybody knows that all we gotta do is just be our be at our best. And that's what we were not for four quarters.


I mean there wasn't a single quarter that where it was like, oh yeah, we outplayed them, we got them on that one. No, they were out there. They, they had a little bit more idea of what we were doing and they were fundamentally more sound in a lot of different areas. Yeah. You know I. I put that on myself to be more fun to to, to harp on the fundamentals throughout practice. Make sure I'm getting out there and I'm running around. I'm not just going through the plays. Make sure I'm focused, make sure I get the timing down with the quarterback so that, you know, we're, we're on time for Pat and Pat can be confident in throwing, throwing the football where it needs to go. You know, a lot of this shit is just, it's very fixable and, and I got all the faith in the world and in, in this team and I obviously, I just, I focus on I the offensive side, but I got all the faith in the world in SPACs and, and that defense to get it right as well.


Well Andy hit a, a similar message to rookies and newcomers and really the whole team, I'm sure you gotta dig in. This should hurt. You spend a lot of time and effort preparing for these games as coaches and players. You have to figure out these problems and work to solve them. You can't just say everything's going to be okay. That's how this works. You have to check the ego at the door and do some self eval, which I think he's clearly saying similar to what you're saying is, listen, we've been close to losing some games for the last couple weeks and like now we finally have lost one. It's time to really focus on what we need to get better at. I Don't give a fuck how your body's feeling. I don't give a fuck where your mentality is off the field when you step in that building. We are here to figure shit out.


Yeah. And we are here to get better as football players for the football team. I think that is a mentality going forward that everybody has to be a part of top down. And I think myself included, I I got, I gotta be the leader that I I've been in the past and, and you know, hold myself accountable so that everybody sees, you know, how it's done and knowing that we got a lot of new faces and a lot of rookies and and whatnot, you know, and, and sometimes you just need that smack in the face. It is what it is. Sometimes you need a smack in the face to be able to, you're Punch In the mouth. Yeah. To to lock in and, and know that this is a, it's a any given Sunday type league. And, and not saying that that team was just any, any other team.


But I, I do believe we have better players and we get another shot at that, that team. I I, I definitely get excited about it. Well Leo Chanel shared that he and his teammates plan to use their first loss as motivation with the three word phrase. Remember the feeling offensive, bright spots. Mahomes got the ball to 11 different players. Guard Mike Callo caught a spread out to convert a third down. This one got me fired up, man. Oh yeah. That one got me fired up. Man. Call Endo's one of those guys. He's, he's a, he's a Right now. He's number six on the, on the O line. Yeah. So wherever we, whenever we need a guy, we bring him in. There you Go. I love a little extra o lineman in the game. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well Heavy personnel.


A one, a one guy. One of the best teammates on the, on the team guy that just gets after whatever you need coach. And we put him in a situation where he's just gotta feel it out. He's gotta feel the, feel the area out and on top of that be ready for the football at any moment. 'cause Pat is, yeah. And Pat trusted him. I was about to say, put it right on him for a big time. Third down, put It right on his chest. For those of you wondering what this, this is called the side view, they call it in sprint out or boot naked action. You have somebody that secures the edge for a second and then it's his job. Just kind of be like a, a last minute like kind of safety mechanism for the quarterback to dot the ball if everybody overplays the naked action like they do.


Do you feel like the chief's offense is making progress to where you wanna be at in January? Of course I know wasn't Progress the game. I don't, I don't know if progress is the right word. I think, I think obviously there's, there's good games, there's bad games. Whether or not you, you come out victorious or you, you're winning your one-on-one matchups. How well did we execute the offense? A lot of people like to go into practices and say did we have a good practice or a bad practice? No, we just fucking had practice. Right. You know, we, we figured out either how not to do shit or we figured out how to do shit. Right. And I think Right now we're still figuring out how to run this offense the best or how to be at our best when the play's called.


You know that every play can't be like the most, the best play possible that the other team has no idea is coming. Yeah. And you're Not gonna out scheme 'em every single time. Be wide open. Sometimes you gotta run the ball knowing they know the exact run. Sometimes you gotta you gotta make a play in the past game when it's, when they have everybody covered and the ball's in the air. You have to be able to make shit. Right. You know, coach Reed does a great job and the offensive staff and the defensive staff here in case he does a great job of putting us in positions to have success. But then it's our job to go out there and make that shit happen. And you know, that's where I put my pride in in making sure that no matter what big red calls we make that shit work. Yeah. And, and I think Pat is, he's got the ultimate Trump card back there and being able to do that, he's done that throughout his entire career.


And and that's, that's the goal. The goal is to keep trying to make everything that Coach Reed calls, whether it's something that they gotta tick on or not. We gotta make that shit happen. And, and, and I think that's, that's the direction that we're going for sure. And to what you just said, that's the thing that's made Pat so unique is You know I. Think Andy is as good at dialing up plays as anybody in the NFL. He's gonna get you guys in a lot of advantageous situations. But when it isn't the advantageous situation, that's when Pat really is special, he can then improvise and do things that a defense can't prepare for. 'cause it's gonna be something that is unique to that situation and that's the great equalizer.


So. Yep. You know, that's the kind of ownership and pride you guys want to have. And knowing as players that at the end of the day, you know, we're the ones out there playing and we gotta make things go. So love that. Next week the chiefs are headed to Carolina to take on the Panthers. Obviously not the same matchup as the Bills, but it is the NFL and you will get humbled by any team, especially one coming off their by Panthers are coming off their, by and after beating the Giants in Germany, two game win streak. Wow. After I declared the season was over. I did, I did indeed do that. I was mighty hard on the Panthers Quarterbacks playing better. They got some guys back on the defensive side.


D-line is a very good D-line. That's where all their horses are. They're a lot of their guys are up front. They got a, they got a very veteran type team. You know I feel like I played a lot of these guys on different teams. Vikings, Broncos kind of all over the league that have, that have had this style of defense and we're gonna have a fucking challenge. They see they, they've seen us at, at our worst these past couple weeks. We just haven't been playing our best, especially on the offensive side of the ball. And I think that there, that's gonna motivate them to feel like they have a chance. It's up to us man. It's a mentality game man. We go in there and do what we, you know, we know how at our best. I don't think there's a team in the league that can beat us.


Yeah. Yeah. Let's move along to the, to the Eagles Baby Eagles. A little Thursday night football action against the Commandos. Oh Yeah, baby Eagles. 26 Commanders 18 Washington had been, they, they came out the, the Gates hot and they've had a bit of a up and down the past like three or four weeks I believe. Yeah, I mean they've still been good. The co the Commanders are a good football team. They really are. They're well coached. Dan Quinn is a phenomenal head coach and we're seeing how different that Dallas Cowboys defense looks with him. Not at the helm, I think. I just think he's, he's very good at utilizing guys within his system, scheming things up.


There were a number of things he did in this game that stalled the run game out. The run yardage might look good because it ended good at the end of the game, but there were a lot of negative runs and things that they did that I think kind of through the Philadelphia Eagles off, especially early in the game. And eventually we saw kind of what I think is probably the commander's weakness this year, which is the trenches on both sides. I just think that they, they're a very good team. The quarterback Jayden Daniels has played out of his mind for the majority of the season, especially as a rookie. I just think they're gonna struggle against teams with good offensive lines and good defensive lines. I just think that they have good players. Their offensive line is filled with a lot of journeymen that have played football in the league for a long time and they are good players but on both sides they're missing just like a couple of those dudes that like you can lean on to like, hey this guy's gonna create movement.


We know where to go behind this one. They're just missing a little bit of that. And I think that in teams that are gonna be able to win that physicality with them, they're gonna be able to put pressure on Jaden Daniels and take him off his rhythm and timing, shut down their run game. 'cause a run game. A lot of people have been talking about Jayden as a thrower, Brian Robinson and this rushing attack between him, McNichols and Eckler. All three of those guys, they've been running the ball like crazy. I just think that the Eagles defense has been really clicking as of late. Well The Eagles are now first place in the NF Cs behind only the Lions is Nick Siri not getting enough love from Philly. You know what I was listening to WIP this morning, I think the Eagles fan, the fuck Is W-I-P-W-I-P is the local like big sports talk show station in Philadelphia.


So they're the ones that have been shitting on 'em. Well they control a lot of the narrative, but I will say they usually are. I think WIP does is pretty much for the most part, I don't wanna say for the most part WIP is oftentimes just a reflection of what the fan base truly thinks about the team. Yeah. That's how you keep the fans involved. Sometimes they're wrong. That's how you keep 'em listening. Sometimes they're wrong. See that's what I mean. I told you Siri is done. They're also, it, it tends to be, it tends to be the loudest fans, which, you know, a listen, I go on WIP I like listening to WIP for these exact reasons I like hearing those perspectives. But I, I think Nick, Nick was facing a lot of criticism for the end of last year and early on this year he made a lot of fourth down calls that just haven't gone their way.


And he's faced a lot of cri criticism for that. A lot of fans have been saying, you know, what does he do? He is not calling plays anymore. What is he doing as the head coach? Shit's so unfair. It is, it's very unfair. It's so fucked. And, and Nick is really, that narrative is starting to flip obviously when you win games, that's all people care about. And at the end of the day, what I think Nick does a really good job of doing, he's a great communicator. He does a wonderful job in team meetings and communicating who we are as a team, what we need to do, how we're gonna attack them, what we're gonna be on offense and defense making critical decisions in the games, which some of them haven't gone his way this year. But I still don't disagree with most of those decisions. And at the end of the day, I think Nick has done a great job, especially retooling from a disastrous end of last year.


I mean, we lost a lot of games down the stretch and they bring in Vic Fangio, they bring in Keller Moore and you can just see that there's so much more well coordinated and well-oiled machine this year as well as retooling from a talent perspective. They go out and sign Sequan Barkley. A lot of the young guys that they drafted have, have really started to come on, especially in the defensive side of the ball. Jalen Carter's playing as good as anybody is Right now. And, and Nick is definitely starting to get back into good graces of Philly fans. Even though it was a rough start. I think there was a poll today that, you know, most people are like, oh yeah, he's, he's got a better winning percentage than like all these coaches through the first three seasons.


I can't just all be luck, like he's gotta be doing something good. well you give him the best players in the league, this is G who do you want to win with the GMs who do want to win with people? Don't win with bad players. I don't care how good of a coach you are. That's not how it works. And, but there are people that will lose with good players. One of my favorite quotes or one of my favorite sayings, and I'm trying to remember who Kobe said, but you remember when the last dance came out from the Chicago Bulls? Yeah. And my whole life I kind of thought Phil Jackson was a little bit overrated if I'm being honest. Like, I'm like what dude? He coached Michael Jordan and dude had, then he had Kobe Bryant and Shaq players ever.


Like he had had Scotty. Yeah. And I'm like, dude, this guy didn't do anything redeeming then I watched Last Dance and I was like, oh no, oh no, he's this guy like kelp that whole fucking thing together. Like, yeah. Like that is Rod. He, he's just putting out fires. Jordan And Pippen hating each other towards the end of it. Like I like, Hey Everybody, This dude was Getting in this circle. So important. We're gonna, we're gonna do some mindful Yeah The Zen Master Zen. I think I would've been so out on that dude. Oh my God. But so Kobe came and talked. He would've sounded been like, Phil, what the fuck are we doing? Dude, Kobe came and talked to the team one year and he talked about this narrative that Phil Jackson isn't a good coach 'cause he's always had good players.


And Kobe's like, well who do you wanted to win with? You wanted to win with. And he, he named like somebody, and I can't remember who, I don't wanna throw shade at whoever basketball player he did name. But he was like, that's not how it works. You have to have good players to win. Right. But at the end of the day, he won and there's a lot of coaches that didn't. So I think, you know, Nick is put together, for the most part, It's all about triangle offense, Jason, everything's geometry. You gotta understand this is you gotta spread the floor out. Give two guys freedom, everything outside of that. We just need cutters guys in the right place at the right time. Knock down open shots. Well Nick Siri's offense, get in the paint And elevate son, what are we doing?


Well it's The easiest shot in basketball. Get as close as you can Michael Show him i's done. God damnit. All right boys, we're gonna implement the triangle offense. Yeah, That's a longwinded way of saying that. Like at the end of the day, Nick Ani has been on some really good teams in Philadelphia. Yes. They've had really good players. Harry Roseman and the, and the personnel department have done a great job as well as the coaches of building a roster that is gonna be, you know, synonymous with the team and way they wanna play football. And I think that Right now they're really starting to come together. They found out their identity on offense. Saquon Barkley is a big piece of that. Speaking of Saquon, he rushed for 146 yards in two T against Washington.


Man, this guy is fucking balling man. He was, couldn't have happened to a better guy man. We had him on the podcast and the off season and I think we both realized it right then and there that we were like, damn, Philly just got a fucking, He Just stole from the entire NFL man. Yeah. And you could tell how how just down to earth he was and how much of a teammate he was, he had been dealt with some injuries over there in New York. But it's just awesome to see him get this thing going. Game ceiling 39 yard touchdown late in the game. Shout out to Camp Jergens on blocking the safety. Oh yeah. Twice on this play, Dude. He blocked him twice on this play and he, he got on the play right before this.


They ran this play t two times in a row. This is the second version of it. They ran this play I think three times in the game that I saw. Yeah. He, he obliterated. Do You just, you just see the offense just everybody's creating grass. Half their team is outside the numbers. Yeah. And when you get a defense trying to play their gaps so far that they're like damn near on the sideline, it just creates so much room for a guy with speed and vision to be able to work with man. They're playing this like four minute defense. They got the diamond front there in the box and the safety's down weak side and Cam does a great job of getting up to him. His hands are so strong he has that great like three inch punch that is just so violent When he connects, he launches guys in space.


God damn. So they ran that play, the play right before they ran that exact same play to the left. And Cam, if landed would've held onto that block, they probably would've scored on that play. 'cause he did the exact same thing to the guy just launched him. Yeah. Check this out. Bow Jesus So strong and he knew it too. He did a little head bob right there. Oh my gosh. Big jerky, Beef Jerky, jerky Jerkins, huh Jesus kid. Right. Get up, get up, get up. Make a play. Make a play. Fuck him back on the ground. Man, that's, that's tough. EK one had A couple big ones at the end of the game. He had that one and then the play right before that that he scored the touchdown on. Not right before that, but the drive before that, when he scored the touchdown on, they had been, you know, when teams play a shell, like let's say we're two by two, I don't know if this is worth getting into, but you, you run a zone play weakside in that nickel plays the B gap late to the weak side.


You know what I mean? Yeah, I hear you. What we call it a nosy nickel. They were doing that a bunch and that ball was getting so close, like Saquon had like two or three that could have been huge hits right through that B gap. Yeah. Guy but Devonte the first time, if he just would've dug the nickel out just a little bit harder, that would've been explosive. Then there was another one where it just kind of got in the way enough right where it ruined the run right before and he scores a touchdown on it. I think they got confused. I don't know if Bobby didn't know that they were rotating down to the tight end, but they didn't have anybody in that B gap and it was a Out the gate, 25 yard touchdown, whatever it was. But anyways, they really should have done better on the ground.


I thought Dan did a really good job of scheming some things up. But I, I came away from the game. I mean this was really positive. Saquon is so good, man. The speed and jumping over people, that's a lot of the stuff that people notice watching him. What I notice is he is un he's got such good vision, he makes so many plays and makes reads that I've never seen or played with a guy make, I mean you could argue Las Sean was as good at it. LaShaun was maybe the shitiest guy I've ever seen play football. But Saquon does so many things. He's patient when he needs to be. He gets through the hole with explosion when he needs to. He hits it front side or backside.


He's running duo he, he can get it to that backside, which is so hard to see. He just does a phenomenal job of creating runs and combined with this offensive line and the quarterback they have and the threat. He is, you know, good luck, you know. So anyways, Well Saquon's rushed for a thousand yards, the 1,137 yards and eight touchdowns so far this season. Just 175 yards behind his, his season best. How about that? With what? Seven games, six games left. Yeah. I I don't want to jinx anything. But. yeah, he's looking pretty good. About midway through the season here, The last running back to win MVP of the National Football League was Adrian Peterson back in 2012.


That was the last non quarterback to win it as well. How about that? Should we stop calling it the MVP and just give it to the best quarterback? Like the most valuable quarterback, Just announce that the best quarterback is the MVP. Yeah. The most valuable quarterback. And then make the, I mean 'cause then the offensive player of the year, that's the one that kind of gets shuffled around Yeah. To like running backs and wideouts and I don't even think a whiteouts won it. But. yeah. I don't know. I just think I, I think there needs to be some other metric for outside of quarterbacks. Well It's hard because There's so much being put on the quarterback. Yeah. The reality is the Quarterbacks got the ball in his hands the most of the time. So I get it. But.


Yeah. The reality is the more, the majority of the, the quarterback is the most valuable position on an offense. Yeah. So it makes sense that they're the ones winning this award the vast majority of the time. Every once in a while there is a running back like Adrian Peterson 2012 where it's so obvious that the only reason this offense is successful or the main reason this offense is dominant the way they are is because of how good that player is. There can absolutely be a case made for Saquon Barkley this year and the way he's playing and how he has elevated the offense and what the offense has turned into. 'cause the team, the, you know, we've always been a running team a little bit with Jalen and kind of the attributes that he brings opens a lot of the run game up.


But they have really turned into this run and play action team first and second down and they're embracing it and Saquon, you know, he's just, he, he has made the offense and the team so much better as a player and as a person. I think it's a very good argument that he is the most valuable component to a team this season. We'll see how the rest of the season goes. I think there's a lot of people saying like, you know, because of the touch push he's missing out on a lot of touchdowns. Anybody that's taken touchdowns away from Saquon Barkley, like that's making him less valuable I think shouldn't even be allowed to, you know, choose who an MVP is. Like the dude is being dominant. I don't think that that's a metric that should, should gauge that. Well, talking about those touchdowns, Saquon has, has landed on the one yard line nine times this year.


That is, it happens a bunch. He's, yeah, and he has eight touchdowns so you add those nine to it. He'd be sitting at 17 Right now halfway through the season and that would be insane. Yeah, I mean it's probably not a hundred percent, but let's say out of those nine he probably ends up with at least seven touchdowns. I think that's probably a good percentage off of those From the one yard line I like Saquon giving the ball. I think that's about a 70 se, 80% chance. Yeah, I Think that that's fair to say. And that's a lot of touchdowns. It's crazy. I wonder how many times I've been stuffed at the one yard line. Dude, it's hard to get in there. It's tight spaces like Stout said, it's like cramming salt up a fat lady's ass down there in that one yard line.


It's not a lot of Windows. Shit's watertight down there man. Oh yeah. Crab rear end. What's the other one? It's watertight ducks bottom. You ever heard that one? Huh? Yeah, there's something with a duck in a bottom. Anyways, yeah, next week the Eagles head to Los Angeles to take on the Rams. Hmm. Nice. Unrelated question. Who's gonna win the NFC West? Great Question. I mean, it's a race over there with the Niners and Sea. I kind Ofs weirds Sand, I Think. it might be the Cardinals. Cardinals are gonna find their way outta there. I mean They already got a, I see they already got a game up on everybody, right? They're leading you. They are, They're leading. I wanna see Kyler continue to play the way he is like at the end of the day you just have to see it proven, you know what I mean?


And the 49 ERs have, have proven up more over the past few seasons. Matthew Stafford has proven it in the past. And Sean McVay as well as you know, the Seahawks and Gino, both of those teams have, have proven it, have a track record. They've won Super Bowls, they've been in Super Bowls. Cardinals are hot Right now, but The Cardinals are hot. Jonathan Ganden has 'em playing really well. How about it, have a great running game. And Kyle Murray's playing really well Right now. So yeah, he Is. It'll be interesting to see. But if he, if they keep playing like this, I think it's the Cardinals Man. There you go. Eagles right behind the lions over there in the NFC. Who would've thought,


As you know, 92 Percenters. Jason and I are big Whopper fans. So let's talk about this million dollar Whopper contest and these new fan created whoppers all brought to you by Burger King. All right, let's go through these. There's the fried pickle ranch created by Fabian. Mm, Crunchy fried pickles. Gotta love those Pickles. And then we also have the Maple bourbon barbecue created by Calvin. That's Right. Sweet and tangy barbecue sauce of bacon. Oh, did the mic just pick up my stomach growling. And last, there's the Mexican Street Corn Whopper created by Kelsey. Crunchy tortilla chip for with roasted corn spread and spicy queso. And it was created by a Kelsey. And these whoppers are only around For a limited time. So America, go try 'em. The original whopper is getting some serious competition with these new creations. And you can crown your favorite at bk.com/mdw At Bk k. Have it your way. It your way. You rule


after years of fine print contracts and people getting ripped off by overpriced wireless providers, if we've learned anything, it's that there's always a Catch. So when we heard that all Mint Mobile wireless plans are $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, I thought, what's the catch? But after hearing about it, it all made sense. That's right. There isn't one Mint mobile's secret sauce is that they sell wireless service online. They don't have retail stores. Instead, they deliver premium phone plans directly to you. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talking text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Plus you can use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contracts. To get This new customer offer and your three month unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights $45. Upfront payment required equivalent to about $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed's slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Please seed mobile for details.


We love our dogs. That's right. They complete us. And all we want is peace of mind that we're doing what is best to keep them healthy and happy. And that's where the farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food Right to your front door is developed by vets nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies to safety standards of human food. Traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to, and are extremely difficult to portion. Travis The farmer's dog isn't just fresh, higher quality food. They also send the food proportioned specifically for your dog based on their unique nutritional needs. It Doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years Together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


The rest of week 11 in the NFL coming at you fast. And it is brought to you by Burger King. Oh, the king of Burger S Right. That's right. We're gonna get to the Whopper recap Right. now, wildest news out of week 11 for the first time ever, the Detroit Lions are the favorites to win the Super Bowl. Congratulations. Yeah. We'll see how, we'll see how it is not to take away from anything. The lions are fucking doing Right now. 'cause God damn, they look unstoppable. They Do. They look very good. They're, and we brought, we talked about like kinda running back ever win the MVP, the league has shifted back to, you know, this line of scrimmage, run and play action like the last few years it's gone to this You know I mean the last decade.


It's been really pass heavy. Spread it out, dial it up with a, now when You got premier quarterbacks, Dan Campbell getting his guys to bite knee caps, man, holy Cow. They are just taking Run through your fucking face man Of The line of scrimmage. Dude, they're one two punch at the, in the backfield. I might be two of the, it's impressive. Two of the best we've seen in the National Football League. Dude, They're kind of different. Like, I love the way David Mo Montgomery's just a great every down. They're Different. Yeah. Or a great like first, second down. Like just run right at you Gibbs. I really like watching him play. He's shifty, he's dynamic. He can do a lot of things really, really well. I think both of them combined are, are really just a a, a very fun time.


Oh, I didn't know this. They're nicknames, Sonic and Knuckles. So Sonic is definitely Montgomery. What Gibbs kind of reminds me of like Knuckles. I could see that. I think you're, yeah, you gotta twist it. Sonic is the fastest of the bunch. Yeah. But like Sonic doesn't, when I think of Knuckles, I think more of Shiftiness from what I remember from those games. What, like, soles was just like a freaking road runner. Like, or was a like a bowling ball, which I think of more like you would ball up. I hear you make, I kind of think of that more in like David Montgomery Lane, but whatever. I hear you clearly. I don't know the nickname. Well, They both could do it both. All right. It is what it is. Yeah. Either one of them could be whoever they want to be because they got the full package.


That's about as dynamic of a duo. We've seen, we saw what they did to the Jaguars, and we'll get into that in a second. But first we wanna start out with a game that might've been my favorite game from this past week. Especially from Sunday. Steelers beat the Ravens. There's something about Steelers and Ravens game. It's always tight. Come on baby. It's always physical like that. A FC north style of play that we grew up watching in Cleveland, A f, c North man. And it did not disappoint. My goodness. When you're playing, especially when you're older and the chippiness happens on the field, I feel like a lot of times you're like, dude, will you stop at the nonsense? Like, what, what are you doing? Being ridiculous? You know what I mean? Like, just like, can we just play football? Why you gotta get into all those other stuff.


I, I haven't felt that yet. That's the way I was. Now I find myself like, dude, I love it. I love when people are like getting in each other's faces and talking trash. Like Roderick Jones going at it with Humphrey. They gotta get warned because they're about to get kicked outta the game because they're drawing at each other and hitting each other after the whistle. That's the kind of football that gets you excited. And that's what this game, that's the energy this game had. And that's the energy your guys game had. You guys are a lot of back and forth. Dion Dawkins was all over the place. That's when you know the meaningful games are happening. And it was fun to see that kind of football being played. And the Steelers and Ravens. It was an old fashioned bar brawl. It was two teams that knew how important the game was.


They were going at it. And ultimately the Steelers won the game without scoring a single touchdown. Six field goals, baby Boswell, Six field goals, leading them to victory. I will say Steelers won the game. Their defense looked outstanding and they clearly know how to kind of get under Lamar's skin. They kind of have always played them well and part of it's their defensive line is just so good. And they kind of shut down some of the run actions and things that Baltimore likes to do. You know, TJ Watt is a dynamic player. Cam Hayward is a dynamic player. The Ravens had their opportunities and I still came away from the game thinking that the Ravens are probably the better team. They just had, you know, they had a lot of penalties, a lot of mistakes and, and things kind of kept the Steelers in the game for long enough to secure a victory.


Shout out to the Steelers. It's a big, big win for them. They're playing a lot better. Eight and two or nine and two as well, I think. Yeah, They're, they're right there. Potential coaching changes at this point in the season. There's a lot of speculation obviously on what is in the future because at this point in the season, there's some teams that are clearly not going to be competing for a Super Bowl. And some fan bases wanna know what is in store for next year. They've already given up Trav. I just don't believe in doing that, man. What do you mean firing a coach midway through the season, Midway through the season. I just, so I, I, I understand things can probably get hostile in the building between the front office and a head coach, and I understand that that could be a part of it, but If, you don't know the direction you're going in the future.


Yeah. To just fucking can a guy and make everyone's life that much harder to change the scenery that much. That I just, I don't see the benefits of it. I think For me, I've also never been a part of a team where that was. Yeah, no, listen, you've Andy Reid pretty, pretty good. You guys have had the coaching thing figured out. First of all, I agree. I think most of the time it does not make, I don't like firing a head coach midway through the season. I'll say the one time that I Think it probably does make sense in some regards, is if there's tension in the building as a result of things not going well and the head coach is not a part of fixing that.


He's a part of like making, making that an issue and exacerbating problems and Exacerbating That was the word I was looking for because Thank you. You know, there's a, you know, how do you know when the right time is to move on from head coach? I think a lot of that comes down to when there's just like a difference of where you want the team to go from the ownership and personnel and head. Like, there's a disconnect on, you know, where we want to go next and what we're doing. Right now isn't working and it's time for in, in the best interest of everybody involved to move on. Yeah. And most of the time, the right time to make that decision is after the season. But there are some times where it's like, all right, listen, this is like not a conducive environment that we wanna have.


We wanna have everyone more on the same page, so let's get rid of the head coach. And it also kind of establishes to all the players that are still there, like, oh God, they just fired the coach. We gotta, you know, we're next if we don't prove kind of, you know, who we are and what we mean to this team. Yeah. In general. Usually not a fan of that, but that's kinda when you know it's time to move on. When it's just like, man, you know, this coach has had his opportunities and his time and it just hasn't gone that way. Or in a worse way. It's like, man, everybody's finger pointing upstairs. That's when it's bad. When people are finger pointing upstairs. You know, everybody's, every, all the coaches in front office doors are closed instead of open.


It's not a good sign. Yeah. Another blowout loss. So that, I guess these are who we're talking about. My man, Doug Peterson in Jacksonville lost 52 to six to the Lions, another blowout loss. I mean, listen, it has not gone well for the Jags this year. No. And I think there's a number of reasons for that. Listen, I, I played for Doug. I know the type of coach he is. I know how much he cares about his players and the value he brings in that position. Oh yeah. I will never not be willing to play and suit up for Doug Peterson. I'm right there with you brother Because of the type of guy he is and the, and the way he coaches the game. So it, it, it, it hurts me that they're struggling down there in Jacksonville and you know, ultimately the head coach bears the brunt of all this stuff that's part of that position.


But it's hard for me to go there with Doug because I know what a fantastic, phenomenal coach he is. Another one that people are talking about is, you know, the situational failure with the Bears and Packers. Bears are now five and 17 in one score games under Ebra flu since 2022. Man, that's rough. There, there was another stat out there that, that really is just like, he had just luck just hasn't been on his side late in the games. Man, I will, I think I I Will say that stat that he's been in that many close games and like, I, I just think that even before I was also, I think there was another stat saying that he had, he's had the most like 90% chances to win and like Yeah.


Bad Hairs. Yeah. I mean The, listen, I forget what it was man. And I met, I, I had the fortune of meeting Coach Iber flues over the off season. Yeah. He's a great team actually at the Kentucky Derby, man, I met him at the Derby. Great fucking guy. You could tell the guy just fucking loves ball man. Yeah. We were hanging out talking ball just about the entire time we were around each other. Man. Dude, he used to be the linebacker's coach in Dallas and he would coach Sean Lee and a bunch of those guys and give me fits. He was a, he's a fantastic coach. Yeah. And defense has not been the issue for the most part in Chicago. They've played defense pretty well. They've really struggled offensively. And again, ultimately the head coach is kind of the one that bears everything. The fact that there're int that many one score games though, tells me the defense has been playing well.


They've had opportunities they just haven't been able to execute. Obviously there's the one glaring one that they kind of messed up on with the Hail Mary and even the play before the Hail Mary against Washington earlier this year. The block field goal, I don't know how you put all that on Ebra flues, but I guess you put everything on It one fucking paw in the air, man. You can't just fucking Right I. like, it's not even like they got penetration guy. How did Ebra flues not tell them to not let them put their hands up, Keep the hands down on field goal? Yeah, he is, he is been hit with a, a bunch of things that just I feel like have been out of his control, but there's so much to go into all of a, of a, of a football game, all four quarters of a football game.


And like you said, man, the head coach is just, he's gonna take the wrath. The he is gonna take the beating if something's going on. Yeah. So I don't know. The one thing with I flues, that's, you know, and listen, I think he's a fantastic defensive coach. They just invested a lot of money into Caleb Williams. So they need to figure out something that's going to make that kid thrive. And maybe that's, if it's not the offensive coordinator, you, you gotta hire a guy and steal him from an OR organization that is a proven offensive mind in my opinion. I think you have to figure that out just from like a resource allocation. Right. They need and want Caleb Williams to pan out. They're gonna have to figure out a way to make that happen. 'cause they got players over there, like there's weapons over there and DJ Moore and Keenan Allen, they got horses over there.


You know what I mean? Yeah. So their offensive line has struggle a little bit. But even that, I think, I think they kind of got some decent offensive linemen. They just haven't really executed as well. Big question mark in the, in the NFL for head coaches is a very shocking one for me because I've, I've had a lot of trouble going, or at least had a lot of bumps in the road going up against his team. And that's Zach Taylor at Cincinnati. Yeah. When you start seeing quotes, that's not a good sign. Right. Jamar Chase said, how do I do it? I don't know. Ask Zach, ask the coaches. Don't ask me. That's not my job. What is, what was the question Was asked? How, how can the team finish better? That was the, the, the question was how does the team finish better?


How do I do it? I don't know. Ask Zach, ask coaches. Don't ask me. That's not my job. I don't think he's throwing shade at Zach in this. Yeah. I think he's just pissed. I played his football in the pissed off. I don't call plays for us, you know, so I can't really do nothing. I think he's just basically saying that's like, yeah, I mean maybe he's throwing shade. Let me lemme think about this more. How the team could finish better. I mean, he's just deflecting blame. Yeah. And putting it on Zach and I mean, I don't know. I don't know what to think about this. This wasn't as bad as I thought before seeing it. I think this is probably a guy that's just frustrated, you know, feels like Yeah. Know They doesn't, doesn't have the answers right then and there, you know? Yeah. Obviously he's playing his fucking ass off.


He's le he's about to be the Triple Crown winner if he stays on this pace and fricking beast. Yeah. So it's like, I mean, he's doing everything he can to, to win. And I think the question itself was asking him, Hey, do you have the answers? And he is like, no. I mean that's, yeah, exactly. You pay the coaches. That's Kinda How I'm reading it to figure it out. Yeah. That's above my pay grade kind of type answer. Especially write the fuck now after I just had another heartbreaking loss. Like, what do you want? Like Yeah. What the fuck are you even asking me Right now? Yeah. I, I Think it was one of those defer to the head guy and let the head guy answer those questions. 'cause Right now I don't wanna fucking even think about it. It Has If you believes plays are part of why Cincinnati isn't finishing. He said, I don't know. He's just being honest. I like he, Yeah, I don't Know.


I think he's, I think he spoke his mind in, in the past and I think people are just looking for those kind of quotes from him. But I don't think this one you, I don't think you, you dive too deep into this one. Or maybe you do. I think they're going to, especially in Cincinnati because the Bengals are much worse than they expected them to be. You know, everyone expected this team with Burrow coming back and being healthy to be a Super Bowl contender. And as of Right now, it looks like they're not gonna make the playoffs. So Zach Taylor is gonna face a ton of criticism and again, that's the nature of it. Yep. He's been there for six years. This is where it starts to. But the Bengals are unique. The Bengals don't, you know, family run business, they hold out to coaches.


I would say that Coach Taylor's not going anywhere. The one thing that probably does make sense, Dallas, I mean so bad last night against Houston. It just doesn't feel like anything is headed in the right direction. Doesn't Really look like that's a motivated football team. I don't know. Shoot, they, it looks like it's a bad Situation. It looks like everybody's collecting checks over there and you can tell a team when it's fighting and it doesn't look like too many guys are are out there fighting. No. And like, you wanna talk about quotes? There's a lot of quotes, stuff on the sideline. Like, I mean, they fought in the first half yesterday. Yeah. You know, they try to fake pun. I just Ask these nuts.


Talk about Ds nuts all time. I love it, man. The best. I'm too much of a child, man. It's the best. I'll defer to that. All the shout out to Diggs, man. I know that shit. I mean, it sucks losing and it when you don't have your best players out there. Yeah. D's not playing. It's, it's, it's tough man. It's tough. You know, CD lamb's out there trying to make shit shake as much as he possibly can. And same with the run game. It's just, it's tough man. What sucks for Mike is that it feels like a lot of what is going on in Dallas. And listen, Dak hasn't played as well as everybody expected this year. It feels like it's a lot of it's personnel driven.


Like they had opportunities to sign guys this off season. They chose not to. They trusted the guys they had in the building and a lot of those young guys and people that they trusted just have not played at a high level. And I don't know that you can blame Mike McCarthy for that. Maybe you can, I don't know who's making those decisions. Brandon's saying, yes you do. Our resident Dallas fan Brandon intern Brandon. I think it's more Jerry's fault. That's kinda what I'm getting at. Like Jerry's the one who's making all of these decisions. He's the one, He's The one who's, Who created this fucking stadium so that the sun would peek through. He's the one that fucking, that doesn't wanna do maintenance on the ceiling. If we wanna get rid of Mike McCarthy, go for it.


I do think they just paid Dak all this money similar to Caleb Williams. Like they gotta find a way to get him going for it to make I'm Oh yeah. Like they're invested. They've invested a lot of money. I know that Caleb isn't getting, like, when that investment has been made in the quarterback, you, you, you have to figure out a way for that investment to make Sense. And the Giants are in the same boat Right now. Well, no, they're getting, they they've, their cards have already shown they're moving on from Daniel Jones. What is this news? Did he just get benched or something? He Got benched. They're going to Tommy Cutlets Baby. What? Shut the You didn't the Cutlets. I swear to god. Tommy Cutlets Islet Is back in it. You didn't hear this. No, man. Yeah, baby. Not only did they Vince Stanley Jones, they didn't even go to Drew Locke.


They went straight to Tommy Cutlets. Listen. I'm Like, what is going on? We went, they they wanna, they just want those shirts. They want everybody in the stadium like, Hey, we know we're not very good. We're just gonna be a caricature of Italian dude from New York now. But no, I mean this is clearly, they're, they're the Daniel Jones experiment is over. They're they're, they're benching him so that he doesn't get hurt and they don't owe him a bunch of money. There's gonna be a bunch of changes in New York after this season. But. yeah. Back to deck in Dallas. Yeah. We aren't talking about that one. How's that one not on the coaching. I mean, is day ball We think Day Ball's safe. He was the coach of the year two years ago. I don't really know what to say about all this coaching stuff 'cause it's hard to know what the right moves are unless you're in these buildings.


Ultimately coaches are responsible for the, for the product, for the outcomes. Beyonce halftime is coming to you live on Christmas Day. I'm gonna fucking miss it. Dammit. Yeah, baby. I can't wait to watch this one. Announce this week Beyonce will be performing at halftime at the Texans Ravens game on Netflix. Yeah. How much does the NNFL hate the NBA Christmas games voted out if Adam Silver do deserve this, listen, NBA does not have, you know, Christmas, right? Yeah. They don't have, you know, they're not the king of Christmas. No. Especially when the N NFL's in town baby. Hey o, come on now. We get some, we get some big time matchups Texans, Ravens Chief Steelers.


How about that? Who would've thought, I mean, is NFL people got it figured out? Come on now. Pretty Good. Pretty good. Hopefully Netflix can figure it out as well. Yeah, because the last time, dude, Hopefully they get the streaming stuff right. God damnit my shit got froze literally on Mike Tyson's cheeks. Dude, that was the one of, it felt like a parody going into it. Yeah. Just from like Mike slapping him in the, in the weigh-ins and or the inter or like the Yeah. Of course. The pre-fight stuff. Yeah. You know, All that's like, and just part of the bit, dude, when he did the interview and then, because I'm pretty sure he did the interview with his son, that was his son that interviewed him.


He kisses him on the cheek, which I've never seen that in an interview ever in my life. The guy is done with the interview right before his fight goes and kisses another man on the cheek says, I love you. And then walks off and the camera pans and slightly goes down so he could catch this guy in nothing but a Josh. Dude, I, I'm not gonna lie, I, I immediately sent that to fucking everyone. That was the funniest shit ever. I was not watching at this point. I'm kind of embarrassed that I watched this to begin with. I should have known better. What? But I couldn't help myself. Ah, man. I will say though, the moment I saw that clip on social media, like I didn't think Mike was gonna win before, but I knew when I saw those cheeks, he wasn't gonna win.


Come on. Who's Your clue to lose your game? There ain't, I mean, he got an old man ass in that photo. Are you worth 60? If we're being at, hey, how, if we're being honest? well, You got old man ass. well you supposed to keep your glutes past like 40. This is my point. This is why Andy said that we lose your glutes, lose your game. He can't be out there with saggy glutes. He, he doesn't have the same, He wasn't bouncing. He he wasn't, He Tried, he was trying to bounce around. Listen, he could still whoop my ass. But the face like a legitimate person that trains in boxing is a whole nother thing. Yeah. Oh no man. I just think it's, that was, that was some funny ass shit. Hopefully Netflix though. Back to the point. Figure out how, figure out the streaming from Christmas Day. Especially if we're gonna be watching all of about all the Christmas games on Netflix, because I was fucking, I was pretty pissed.


I was pretty pissed. It kept going in and out. It kicked me out, kicked me off about four or five times. I am pissed at nothing Netflix did. I'm only mad at myself for actually spectating that and contributing that stuff like that happens. I, I don't know what I like I just love Mike Tyson so much. I couldn't help but watch it. But I mean, it, It was just, I just love watching Cleveland kids. I Knew what I was going into before it like even happened and I still like, just could just help me. But, but you, you can't, nobody can. It's the best shit ever. I'm not gonna lie. The ass interview definitely, I think said it. I don't think I was gonna watch it. Kylie and I were watched great, great British bakeoff and then I saw that ass interview and I was like, Kai, I gotta watch that Ass Interview.


I gotta watch this old man who used to be the baddest person on the planet trying Go up against this fucking beast of a Cleveland kid that this West side Cleveland, just Cleveland kids living out their dreams, baby. That's what I'm here for. Shout out to the Paul Brothers baby. Dude, I just, holy cow. Shout out to Jake Paul for not knocking out Mike The Mike Tyson that we know if he was in Jake Paul's position, he would've fucking KD that guy into a coma. Well that's why Jake Paul's not Mike Tyson. He's got a heart. Yeah. They, they wanted to talk about the interview with the kid that was asking, you know, what do you think of your legacy, Mike Tyson?


And Mike Said, yeah, but that I'm talking about the vicious Mike Tyson. Tyson. That's A great, yeah, that's a different level. Yeah. That Mike Tyson Tyson. If One thing is not changed about Mike Tyson, it's his ability to answer interviewers in the most spectacular fashion. You think I give a fuck about legacy, We're all gonna be dead. Who cares about legacy when you're dead? Who cares about Shout out to the young girl reporting God damn. She is really, she kept it together. She, she was like, wow. That's a very interesting, I've never thought of it like that. They did not prepare me for this in my multimedia class in high school. I did not know that I was gonna get ridiculous people to Yeah. Well welcome to Fight Night. Okay, at some point somebody's gonna tell you that nothing you do in life matters.


'cause everybody's gonna be dead and you're gonna have to act like it wasn't a ridiculous statement. Go. Okay. I can, I understand that. I get where you're coming from. Oh, okay. Shout out to Mike Tyson. Man. Fuck dude. Legend.


All righty. That does it for a week 11 recap, brought to you by Burger King, all Right. now let's move along to no dumb questions, to close out the Show with some no dumb questions. 'cause there's no such thing as dumb questions.


92 Percenters, just two dumb asses trying to figure it out.


No dumb questions is brought to you by Mint Mobile. I bought it. It man. Alright, we're gonna answer some not dumb questions from our Heights hotline voicemails today.


I bought it, man. Heights hotline is hot. It's a hot hotline. Next call on the Height hotline. What do you got for us? Hi guys. My name's Ashley and big fan of the podcast, but when Thank you Ashley. We see like other 92 Percenters out in the wild. What are we supposed to do? You know, like, oh, for Eagles we say like Go Birds or troops, you know, but what do we say when we see a fellow 92 percenter out in the wild? You know? Yeah. Should we be yelling anything at all? I like this? Should it be something, you know, propane? I'm not sure. Probably Not. Should it be something?


Anyway, would love to know. Bye. Thank you Ashley for calling in on the half Highline. Yeah. Thank you very much. I don't think that's a dumb question at all. I think this is an awesome question. Yeah. I have not pondered. So Jason, I don't know about you, but whenever I'm out and about, I do get random calls and, and shout outs from the 92 Percenters. The, the no doubt the real ones listening in every single week. I'll always get a good new news. Get that one. That's a fucking, that's like a fucking, that's a banger. Yeah, that's a, that's a calling for all the 92 Percenters to unite right there. And then, which profound is that what she said? She wants one That's profound profane is what she said.


Asking if we should have a swear word in there, which, listen, I'm all, usually I'm all for profanity. But this is a just yell out Fornication. Fornicating. I think that one that'll get, that'll get everyone to be like, wait, what? I only know one guy that really talks about that on a weekly basis, we're gonna be in a public setting. We should probably limit the profanity. Yeah, just yell Jumanji. Instead of wanting Juman, Jumanji, somebody put Jumanji on. You know, for some reason what I thought of right away. So New Heights is obviously an ode to Cleveland Heights where we grew up. The Heights baby. What do Heights, no matter what, like clash, you're from height, height high.


Like that's the, that's the, that was like international high, high greeting. Yeah. What can we bring That to New Heights? New Heights. New Heights. Or should we just do Heights High? I think new news is, is probably the best one. Well, New news is, is definitely the one that everybody goes, but New news always does it. How about you Guys send us some recommendations. How do you guys greet each other out in public when not just us, what do you guys say to each other? What are the first things that you, you bond over when you see somebody wearing some new Heights apparel or somebody you know that watches the Show? That's a tough one to answer for us. And I don't know that we have the The credentials. Creden. Yeah, the, the, the, the power to make such an, like an audacious decision for our fan base.


There we go. Why don't we get another one? You hit us with another one, Matt. Hey guys, hoping you can answer a question that's causing a bit of a disagreement between me and the wife. Okay. Okay. When is the earliest appropriate time to put up the Christmas tree? Am I being a complete Scrooge? By saying we should wait at least until after Thanksgiving. Thank you. And go Birds. I, I think Thanksgiving has always been the, the Date and the Kelsey household. Thanksgiving was the day. Yeah. I mean preferably you put it up on Christmas Day. I really, we we never stay true to this tradition. Put it up on Christmas or Thanksgiving. Sorry. Yeah. Up on Thanksgiving day. So I like the tradition, we have never done this in our house, but maybe we actually will get it done this year.


Where after Thanksgiving's over, you put the Christmas tree up. I like That tradition. I think that that's a good one. You know, Thanksgiving's really the start of Christmas season, We would have the Christmas tree already up though. No, But you got the Christmas tree. You've bought it already, but it hasn't been put up. Right. Maybe you buy it, you know, the day before. I'm pretty Sure we put it up. Yeah. Like a few days before and then the ornaments and you Dre you dress the tree, you dress. Mm. That's egg Kelsey question. Thanksgiving is definitely, to me the pinnacle like day that you're really, that that's the start of Christmas season. Yeah. I sit here advertising Christmas album. That is, I'm Not, I'm also, I'm also not trying to see Christmas lights in the beginning of November.


You know I just don't, Don't, I, I'm kind of with you. Don't do that to me. Don't Ruin Thanksgiving. Don't. Yeah, that's let Thanksgiving be its own thing. Let it be it's lead ups. Beautifuls still good On its Day. You have Halloween, Thanksgiving and then right after Thanksgiving. I mean the moment that Turkey goes down, your gullet parents Get to force their kids to eat stuff that they don't want to teach them lessons in life to be thankful. Let Thanksgiving be its own day. Hey Jason and Travis. This is Lisa from Akron, Ohio. Akron you as people and love your showable my relationship. Question for you. Oh, They won't be here from the ladies man I Have who don't love to do chores and I told them when they're older, they're gonna have to be doing them around the house anyways, so I wondered, are you old fashioned?


What chores did you do growing up around the house? And do you do them now as an adult? Oh man, I don't, Yeah. Thank you. well, you, well you gotta understand, you know, you gotta understand you. I mean, you know, yes, I did do chores. So I started off as a child having to do chores. Yes. I feel like that's very good. Important lessons. A hundred percent that, that I learned from mom and dad. We've both expressed the stuff that our father used to have us do in spreading mulch outside cutting the grass with a, with just a blade lawnmower, engineless lawnmower, racking leaves, raking leaves. You know, that was all the outside stuff that dad didn't want us to do.


Yeah. Vacuuming. We Never really did the trash Remember. No, because yeah, big ed, he was always up early. He was the first one up. He was always the one taking trash out. And mom did do our laundry too, which shout out to mom, but shout out to mom. It's not, I wish mom kind of made us to her laundry. 'cause I'm awful of doing laundry. It's not that hard Jason. It's, I know. I, I just suck it. It really isn't that hard at all. I'm not good at it. Every now and then I'll, I'll get into it, but I say that I did it at a younger age because now I just, you know, I'm so busy and I like naps. There's so many services that just do things better than me. They, they fold better. Yeah. Put shit away better. You know, it's just, everything's just way more organized when I am not doing that.


Not that I can't do it because mom taught us very valuable lessons in being able to do this on our own if we needed. And there's times where, you know, you'll, I don't fucking One, the one thing Kylie makes me do is trash like that is firmly my job. Nice. And I suck at it. I miss it all the time. 'cause we're traveling Right now, but I, I, I try to really stay on top of the trash, taking the trash down and, and embracing that. Not that I like am trying to do the dishes all the time, but I've done 'em occasionally. Kylie hates when I do the dishes. Why? She just has OCD about getting all the food off the plate before you put it in the dishwasher and the dishwasher instructions clearly state to not do that, to like put it in the dishwasher.


Like it gets cleaner without doing that. So Really it gets cleaner without doing that. I'm Just saying what the instructions say. I'm the instructional Follower. Yeah, that's, well that's how they sell you. That's how they get you. Just Telling you that's what it says. It says somehow like using soap and, and scrubbing it off first and then putting it in there for some reason. Like, I don't know why, but that's what they say. Oh, Kylie's getting mad at me. Right now she's got OCD about cleaning stuff that I can't really Stop fucking exposing me, You dick. All right, we'll keep your hands off the dishes, Jason. Fine. I won't do the dishes. Yeah, no, you should do your chores if your parents tell you to do your chores.


And for all of you that don't live with your parents now and have a fucking messy house. Figure it out. Look at my New boots. Oh, beautiful boots. New gloves. Oh, beautiful gloves. Oh, look at your hat. Sorry about that. I was getting, showing a pair of new boots, new gloves, and new Trevor, are you frozen? No,


that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by Mint Mobile. Keep calling in on that Heights hotline. Ladies and gentlemen, we love listening to all your guys' questions. Whether they're dumb in television or just weird. Thank you guys for calling in.


That Wraps up another episode of New Heights. Everyone, make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast.


Reminder. you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and add free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights is a wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by NFL's Sunday ticket on YouTube tv. Hey Buddy Right. now you can get the Thanksgiving sale price of just $89 for the rest of the season at youtube.com/nh. Get it now, Right. now Offer ends December second Terms and embargoes apply. No cancellations device and content restrictions apply as well. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. 92 Percenters. And thank you to our production and crew for always making us look better than when we really are. See you guys next week.


Alright. Alright. What does your digestive system do with five pounds of mayonnaise? This is how they do it. Serving size one tablespoon. Do you know how many tablespoons of mayonnaise that woman just Ate? I don't know what you're even trying to find. Servings and then servings per container. A tablespoon of mayonnaise is 90 calories. So You're 10 S of fat. That's a tablespoon. That woman, 10 Grams of fat in one tablespoon. That's what I'm saying. This woman just had What? That's what I'm trying to say.


There's no way you can digest that much fat. So she had 2000 in 52 grams of fat in one jar. 252 servings times 10 grams is 2,520 grams of fat per jar. She ate five of them. That woman had 12,600 grams of fat in three minutes. I'm good with aioli. That's The exact same thing. I don't know how you can't get over this. No, it's a different taste. What is mayonnaise? Can we google that real quick? God isna. God damnit. No. Do you think they got any mayonnaise in MOANA too? Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The farmer's dog. We love our dogs. That's right. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy And happy. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It is developed by vets nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To safety standards of human food. Traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. That's right. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food. And they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping.