
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, Jason early And Ad Free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid iv.com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code New Heights, Jason at checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun, liquid IVs got your back. They even have Pina Colada. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How about that? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights, Jason at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code, New Heights. Jason at liquid iv.com.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, you know what Makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey, Don't even be started, and they're ever roasted chicken, the craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Oh, chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going an extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some Boars head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy than mayonnaise. A healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with Boar said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years from selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods. Boars Head embraces true craftsmanship, Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make. You're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boars Head committed to craft since 1905.


Do you remember the pass that I threw against you? Wait a minute. Now That was against the Giants. Did Landon pick an Austin did? Oh yeah. Well, I don't, I think I more so just threw it right to him than he fake It off. He threw right To him. Yeah. It was the most impressive 80 yard torpedo of an interception. Coach Reid knows not to, not to put me in that situation ever again. I Appreciate you doing that that day though, Travis. I appreciate You doing that. The funniest part is Alex Smith comes running over to me and I, I'm just like, I can't even look Coach Reid in the face. He's like, don't worry about it. It was like a punt. I was like, it was sucking down. It was like a punt down. It Was second down. Welcome back to New Heights, A Wonder Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment.


We are your host and this show is brought to you by Zillow. Hey, hello, the app today.


I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights. Hi Right now. Hi. Shout out to those Bearcats, subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus wherever You get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s Jason, tell the people what we have for them This week. We Got another great episode for you guys. Got a little merch update for you guys and we're gonna get to a guest. You guys have all been asking for that. We've been asking for that we're excited to have on. That's Steve Ola. That's deep as the coordinator for the Kansas City Chiefs is on Right now. You're gonna wanna see this one Spanx, But, but first, before we bring in Spags, we're gonna get a little bit of that new news.


New news. We got new merch. We're gonna have Jake model these new bad boys off just in time for July 4th. We're kicking off the summer with the red, white, and blue collection. We've got two new tees out now. A red, white, and blue. New Heights. Jason logo T and a Brew Heights tea. Ooh, I like That. Perfect for those backyard summer games. The Brew Heights are nice. I like That. Yeah. Brew Heights nice. It just, it just, it's such a good name. It rolls right off the tongue. Oh Man. Makes you want to have a, to be honest. Yeah. Jake only Jake If you like step back and give us a little spin. Did We get a little Brandon? I mean, I mean you, are you gonna do it or not be part of the damn show, Jake?


There's nothing on the other side of the shirt. Ba am. Ba am oh M making. Get our first New Heights Jason. Appearance. Love you. All right. Give us a little, give us a little. Give us a little. Hold it. Yeah. Now give us a little spit. There it is. There. The back here. Wait, I'll hold up the other show. The other one Looks very good though. Ooh. Red, white And blue. Red White and blue. All right. Alright. My dogs are gonna go nuts. I'm gonna hop outta here. Thank you Jake. You nailed it. Thanks Jake.


That's the red, white, and blue collection. We've got two new tees out now. A red, white, and blue New Heights Jason logo and a Brew Heights tee. Perfect. For those backyard summer get togethers, get yours now at amage.com/ New Heights. Jason, there's also time to submit your team for BeerBowl three.


Ooh, we Need you 92 percenters to send us your team submission videos. Reminder, we are judging based on team name, costumes and vibes. That's right. Gotta be the vibes. Gotta be high. All about the vibes. Drinking ability is a added bonus. Alright. Big change from the previous beer bowls. I will be competing this year so you'll be able to compete against yours truly. And Bo Allen to submit. Post your video on your preferred social media platform tag New Heights Jason Show with one s and use the hashtag BeerBowl Deadline to submit your team is Wednesday, June 18th. There may be other Eagles players participating. I'm not really sure. Last year Sidney Brown was in Russ Tucker I would assume is gonna wanna be back in Big J and big Jordan Milot in that thing or what?


Jordan's usually out of town. Alright, let's get to our convo with chiefs defensive coordinator, Steve Spa. Nola Spas Joining us today from Wheatsville, Massachusetts, who He's Been a football coach for over 40 years. Had nearly two dozen coaching roles in three countries. How about that? Nine states. Damn. And the District of Columbia, a four time Super Bowl champion. The only NFL coordinator to win a Super Bowl with two different franchises. Tom Brady has called him the bane of my existence. That's A heck of an accolade. And He is now entering his seventh year with the Chiefs as the most successful defensive coordinator in franchise history.


Yes sir. Please welcome Steve Smack. No, You guys are the best. Tell you what, what I think I, I paid Tom Brady a lot of money to say that man. You know, I don't think he worried about anybody to be honest with you. Well Hey Coach, thank you so much for joining with us though man. I love it. Love It. Appreciate you taking the time in the off season. I know things are starting to get riled up and, and everybody's starting to get excited. You got the rookies coming in in a few weeks. Yeah. Maybe even this weekend coming up. Huh? Coming up. Yeah, about four days. We'll be Saturday, Sunday, Monday. We'll be cranking. You already know and then we'll get it rocking a rolling on on Tuesday. Man. I'm pumped. Yeah.


Is rookie mini camp as crazy for the coaches as it is for the players? It's crazy in in that. Well, You know, I mean you got a bunch of guys in here that it's, it's hard to get the scheme to 'em all at once. But, but I will say this, what I really like about, and I think Andy would tell you the same thing, and Jason, you can appreciate this. Like, it's been now, it's been however long it's been, Travis, since we had the last game. And so the, even I, the coaches get outta, you know, we, we, we gotta get tuned back up too. And I think the rookie mini camp kind of gets us back in the groove. You know, the, the oil up, your teaching technique, oil up the words. Right. Put something new in and it's kind of a little bit of a trial run Trav before you guys come in on Tuesday and then we Hit the ground running, We kind of get going.


I I've always, yeah, I've always liked it. That's awesome. Yeah, it really is. Good. Well, we just got some new pieces. I know you're excited to, to work with. Revamp the, the off offensive defensive lines and you gotta How about that corner we got, huh? Seven picks little ball. You can, you, you know, we can never have enough corners. All Right. Now you know that you can never have enough. Oh yeah. In, in this day and age you can have enough, enough. So we, so we drafted those three defensive guys on, on Saturday, right? Yeah. Yeah. And so Sunday when we're coming in here, Jason Clark Hunt, Mr. Hunt and some of the other guys around and they said, boy, you got, you got plenty of guys LA last night.


Hey tra hey, hey Trav, you know what I said to him? I said, you know, you know when you're a kid and You get eight presents under the tree and you opening them up after you open the eighth one, what are you looking for? Looking For a ninth. That's what I said. I every might have gotten three of it. I'm looking for more. You know, I, we get out, have enough good defensive players. Right. That's awesome man. You already know we're pumped to get into the building, man. Where do we even start with this, this career big guy. I mean, you've been with the chief since 2019, but man, 19. How was honestly surprising to read? 'cause it feels like been, you just like got there, but I mean, seventh year you've had so much success there. I don't know, like what, yeah.


How's it been being with the Kansas City Chiefs coach? I owe that all to Andy. I mean I've, I've sat so, You know, I was the interim head coach of the Giants and that end of the 2017 year when you guys won Jason and decided to take the year off, I thought it was a good time to do that. And then when you do that, guys, you listen. You just don't know whether the next opportunity's gonna come. But thank God, you know, coach, coach Reed and I are really close and he had enough confidence that he was, you know, he said, Hey, come on here, let's roll. And it's been nothing but a huge blessing since. I mean, look, when you can be around the guys we're around Jason, you know, you know most of them. It's not just the pacts and the traves, but all these guys we have on defense, right.


Travis, that, that are just good character guys and just being in the building makes it all worthwhile. Now look at winning helps. We all know that we all enjoy this profession when you're winning. But, but the way, you know, coach Reed has built this thing with the guys that he's built it with. To me that's, it makes coming to work a joy every day. It really does. Yeah. And I'll tell you what coach, the, the, the first day in OTAs when I saw this new defense and this new, our new DC and we had guys like Frank Clark and Ty, Ty, Matthew. I mean we, I mean it was a completely different look on defense from, from especially in the off season. See you guys.


And there was a completely different energy comradery. And I think just the way you, you, like you said Coach Reid does it a certain way. You do it a certain way as well. Yeah. Where you bring everybody together and really work as like you bring every, everybody together to work, to together to like find one goal. And it's been so cool to see how the defense has gone from the beginning of my career to where it is now. It's so amazing how well they communicate and they all know what each other is doing. You Know, Trav you, you, you're hitting on something and I appreciate you saying that. 'cause I respect, I mean, you guys know football, so when you see something and say something like that, that means a lot to me. But I will tell you this and I, I don't know If you guys, I think you would agree, Jason, you just got done talking about Jeff St.


Stalin, our assistant coaches. Now I'm not talking about the coordinator, I'm talking about the other guys. I don't think get nearly enough credit. Yeah. But what you are just talking about Travis, like when you start talking about guys that communicate and how it kind of gels together, that doesn't happen If you don't have a, you know, a D-line coach in the D-line room doing it, a linebacker and that everybody being on the same page and you, you take the egos and you throw 'em out of the room and we've got guys that do that. I've been really, really fortunate that way Trav, you know. Oh yeah. And I'll tell you what, because we've been fortunate enough to go as long as we do, our staff has kind of stayed pretty much intact because by the time we get done, you know, a lot of those jobs are gone. But we got a lot of guys on the defensive in offensive staff that de deserve to be coordinators.


And I think that's as important as anything myself. I'm With you. Coach. What do you think has been the biggest thing that has allowed you to continue to have so much success? Like listen, I played against you when you were in New York and some of the things you did as a coordinator would give us so many fits from the blitzes and the different looks and the multiplicity of things you'd have to be prepared for. But in Kansas City it feels like it's gone to another level. Like you've, and I'm not saying this just 'cause I'm on here with you Right now and I've told this to people, the job you and your staff and everybody and the players have done in Kansas City the past two or three years on defense. And everybody wants to talk about Travis Kelce and Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed.


Me too. Me too. Yeah. Everyone. We all do. We all do. Yeah. But what you guys have done over there has been absolutely remarkable. And it was absolutely remarkable all season long this past year. Is it anything that different from what you've done before? How have you continued to evolve with the game to make it so dominant? It's just been remarkable to watch. And I appreciate you saying that. Ja. Jason, the easy answer to that is players. Sure. And, and I mean that because If you don't have that, they're a, they're a, I might be willing to, to say that most coaches that make their way to the NFL got a lot of ideas. A very creative and, but you can only do so much with the guys you have if they're able to do it. Now I, I've said this before, I, I started this saying this two, three years ago and it's, it's still true.


Now Travis knows this 'cause he knows the guys on the other side of the ball on defense. That this is the highest percentage of cerebral players in one in one room in the defensive room that I've ever had. And, and when you have that, then you can do the things that you're talking about, Jason. 'cause it's hard to do it when you can't, you don't do it up here. Well, and do you, do you rate that at a premium to run your system in particular? 'cause I mean, listen, you got these four, three defense, they're playing cover three, you know, how much do you really gotta know? But like No, that's true. You guys have so many different packages, different fronts and alignments and anyway, Sorry. That is, and I'll tell you what to, to Brett Veatch's credit and all the personnel people and Andy included.


Yeah, I I mean I value what I call football. Get it. Yeah. Right. You don't listen, you don't have to be a 4.0 student in college. I mean, I don't ask about GPAs, right? Yeah. Trav wouldn't be able to play defense If you were asking about gpa, whatever. But, but, but football get it. Yeah. Like You get, you guys know what I'm talking about. They get the game of football and Yeah. The more guy you can get. Yeah. Yeah. The more guys you can get in your room that, especially on defense and Trav, you know, the guy in the middle that we have Nick Boltman, Nick I already knew had to Yeah. You gotta have that guy in the middle. I mean, the entire room legitimately like him and tr and then you add the safeties. Yeah.


And even somebody that's that's, that's an outside piece that you can move around like Trent. I mean his understanding of the game and his understanding of offenses and, And at this level they're all those guys are at that level. Yeah. Leo Chanel is the same way. Oh man. You know, I don't think there's a, If you are gonna be a multiple defense, that guy in the middle has to be that. Like, here's where I've been. I've been really lucky. So I've got Nick now. Anthony Hitchens was like that. Travis. Yeah. When I first got here, when I was in New York, I had Antonio Pierce. Antonio Pierce became a head coach in this thing. Geez. I mean, Jeremiah Trotter was really good. Kelvin Shepherd is now the defensive coordinator of Detroit Lions. He was a mike linebacker for me in New York.


So If you, if you've got those kind of guys right in the, it's like the center and the quarterback Jason on offense, right? I mean, yeah. All Right. Now, I mean, If you don't have that guy, you can't, you can't do all these things. Yeah. Yeah. It reminds me of what Philly went through this year. We, we haven't had a great off ball linebacker in a long time. Like a game changing guy. And Yeah. When Zach Bond brought to the defense, you could just, it was so apparent how much better it made all three levels in playing in sync and it feels like, Yeah, he started connect, connecting it. Whenever we watch Nick on tape, it was just so apparent how much of everything he was helping orchestrate and get lined up. And just a tremendous amount of respect for that guy. I bet If you talk to all the other guys, I mean he makes the other 10 better.


Like he's telling the d line with to do and he signaling back here and, and listen. When in doubt, when I, when in doubt I tell him, do whatever Nick says. Whatever Nick tells you to do, just do. It's Nick. It might not, it might not be exactly the way we put it, but At least you'll be sound. At least you'll Be sound. That's exactly right. Everybody be doing the same thing. But we got a big, a lot of trust in Nick. Good, good, good. We just had the draft. Do you want to talk about any of these guys in particular? What do you think of this d tackle from Tennessee? What's your strengths, Omar? I'll tell you what he's, you know who he's a little bit like Travis is Turk. Ooh, Turk Wood Nice. Yeah. Little bit like Turk. Yeah. We Lost Turk to the Carolina Panthers one of my favorite teammates of all times from St. Louis.


Yeah. I loved her. But this, this young guy, Jason is a, is movement guy. That'd be really good. The defensive end ti that we got. I think he's, he could, he could play anywhere. He's one of and I and both these guys are real smart. The corner, no Noah Williams the same way. And then we got a linebacker I think's gonna be really good. But all these guys are, I feel like will fit in the rooms they're going into. I think they will be kind of the mold that we, we were just got done talking about. Yeah. They got, they have football, get it. And again, you know, give Brett Veach and his crew a lot of credit. Oh yeah. 'cause they, they come around it. What's great, we, we collaborate better here than anywhere I've ever met. I'm talking about personnel and coaching and I think that is one of the keys to, you know, the success we've had.


Heck yeah. Coach, you just said you're, you look forward to all the players when they're getting back around, not just the veterans but these rookies when they're coming come in. Is there anything right away that you look at and, and that you love to see out of like a young play? Like what's that attribute that you're like, man, this is the guy I want on the team. This particular camp. I'll be keeping my eyes on those guys that pick it up the quickest. Now we're, we actually, listen, some of these guys are coming in here, they're gonna be swimming, right? Sure. But but you can, you can weed out the ones right away that can't. And we purposely put probably too much install in Jason. We probably do. Sure. But, but, but we do it on purpose to see who can handle it.


And so the first thing I'll look at is guys that can get it mentally. And then the next thing will be, 'cause we're talking about guys that have come in trying to get a job. The guys that can play more than one position. Like if you're a guy that's a nickel safety or a nickel corner, if you're a guy that, that, that is a defensive end that can kick inside on third down. You know, that's and and linebackers that can play all physicians. So I, I kind of keep my eye on those two things. The, the football get it and the guys that are a little bit versatile. Yeah. That versatility running, especially your system always gave us fits offensively. 'cause it's like, is this guy a dn? Am I counting this guy as a down lineman or a linebackers? Leo Chanel responsible about the offensive line or the running back? Yeah. Who am I giving him to?


Because I don't wanna give him to the runningback, but I might have to because the safety's over here. And Yeah, go ahead. Sorry coach. Hey, hey Jason. What, so what, what would happen? You would all line coach in the league, right? Yeah. What would happen if we came out of the locker room before the game and everybody just switched jerseys? Oh my gosh. And, and, and Nick and Nick had Leo's shirt on and that would mess us off. Leo had, so I would be all 'cause you're working off of numbers all week before. Absolutely. Going off of numbers. You got, you got a Rolodex, you're like, okay, 42 and 50, 52 and 54 are down. Yeah. We consider 'em this. We consider em that. Especially When it comes to those situational downs where the packages are so much different than the base personality People.


All the Oh yeah, yeah. Hey Trav, I, I wanna do that someday maybe at Halftime. Just do, just do it practice one time. Once you'll get fine on the NFL. Just eat it. Just see what happens. There's definitely a fine, there's definitely a fine moment. So for everyone listening who doesn't understand this, the way protections work offensively, a lot of it's based on personnel and matchups and what coach does so well. And what these versatile guys are so great at providing is they're a mismatch for a running back. But then they can also drop in coverage and be reliable to the point that If you were put offensive lineman on them, now all of a sudden coach is getting numbers away from 'em in like a blitz package. So it always gave us fits, it gave us fits when you were in New York and it definitely gave us fits when you were with Kansas City.


Well that's good. That's good to know. S Spas is the ultimate chess player baby. The ultimate chess player. Yeah. Don't Tell. Yes. Could be mad at me. He's Gonna be like, I'll tell you what, We were just watching, we were just watching film this morning. I won't tell you what team it was, but I don't know why this happened. But two snaps in a row. This offensive team put the running back on Chris Jones. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, wait, wait a minute. So What is this? What is, this is the world we, we need to get down more often. We need to get down More often. Chris is Looking at his chops. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Let's go to your relationship with Coach Re You talked about he's a big reason you're there. How long have you known Big Red? Yeah. A good g That's a good one guy.


So I go all the way back. So the connection was, I'm gonna try to get the year for you. It had to be, it was late eighties, let's say 88, 89. Oh man. The late eighties were, those were good days. Those were good years. Yeah. You Weren't even, you weren't even born Yet. I snuck in there. Coach don't don't, Don't cheat. It was October of 89, But I snuck in there. So you Hitting like seven decades already. Right. And Andy took a job at the University of Texas El Paso. Okay. With a, with a head coach by the name of Bob Stall who was here, the head coach of Missouri here for a little while. Yeah. And a friend of mine that I had worked with at the, at the University of Massachusetts got on that same staff.


So Andy, Steve Lander, who was my friend, were on, and I would go visit this friend Steve Lander. And it was just, when I was there I was coaching, I think I was coaching at the University of Connecticut at the time. And you'd go, listen, in college football, you'd go visit other staffs all the time, share information. That doesn't happen in the NFL. That's the one thing you lose when You get to this level. 'cause nobody's sharing ideas. Right. Nobody's, nobody's telling you what they're doing. They're always keeping it up. But, but so that's where I first met Andy and then they, he went from there to Missouri. I was still coaching in college somewhere, but we always kind of, we just kind of had a connection. Loved football. He was over on offense. I was on defense. But we, I I enjoyed talking with him about that.


And then eventually he got the job in, you know, east Green Bay gets a job in Philadelphia in 99. Yep. And at the time I was coaching in NFL Europe, that was one of my Oh yeah. Overseas deal. Yeah. And, and because of the connection I had had with Andy asked me to be a part of his staff, which was great. That's Awesome. That's awesome. I owe him, I mean, I'm not in the NFL if it's not for Andy Reid, Shout out to Big Red. He doesn't have three rings without you either. Big guy. Well, Well that was a, that was a pretty good group effort, Travis. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We all had a piece of it, but Yeah, exactly. That's cool though. I didn't know what, I didn't know. It went all the way back to Elso El Paso, man, how about it? All The way back to El Paso, Texas.


Yeah. Remember playing in a, Andy wasn't a golfer, but I think he came to the golf event and that, I just remember it was a heck of a time. And he, and that's where You get listen and players coaches, it's a fraternity. Right. And, and You get around as, as many, many of these people as you can usually down the road. It's a contact you made long time ago. That gets you your big step. That's what happened to me. I know you said there's not a lot of, you know, coaching philosophies and techniques and things shared in the NFL, but I'd imagine you being around one of the greatest offensive minds in the history of the NFL has shaped how you prepare and game plan. Like I don what, what, what has that been like learning from the big guy? Awesome.


I mean listen, they, they, Travis and his crew, we were talking about our side of the ball. He tell you what the headaches we gotta go through. Yeah. Right, right. In ota Well the one one headache though, Travis, we don't have to go through is we don't have to worry about defending the run. There we go. Call every ride Pass heavy. Yeah. Every call we make in OTAs and trading camp Stop the pass. It could be second one we're gonna go quarters. Well it's always special situations and Yeah. We like to have a ball in pat Bones. I mean that's nothing wrong. Just a little bit probably. It's probably pretty smart. Yeah. Getting back to you, your your point Jason, I mean Andy, listen, the great thing about Andy is he, you guys have seen how he, he has changed over the years.


I mean, when we were defending him in 1999 and 2000 when I was just an assistant coach, it was really different. We had done him in McNabb and you know, it was boots and it was, well it was two backs and, you know, flow pass and things. And now, you know, Andy's got people all over the place. So he's evolved with the game as good as anybody and give him tools like, you know, 87 and 15 and the rest of 'em. And Andy's gonna find a way to score a lot of points. I mean my, the, the offense from my rookie year in 13 to now is night and day different. It is night and day different. I look at some of the, I I'll have fun when we're in training camp and I'll just peek at a few training camp clips from 2013 just to see how far I've come or how far I'm going back.


I'll tell you what, let You clarify. You Lining up at fullback for, you know, Jamal Charles and, and Nile Davis back in the ba back in the day was, it's a pretty funny sight to see. A Little bit different Trying to meet Derrick Johnson in the, in the B gap. It's, we we don't do that. We don't do that that much anymore. Yep. She she's no longer there. Yeah, Exactly. Don't have him there. You know, you know, Jason, why was, 'cause I was thinking about it today. Your, the year you came out was the lockout year. Is That true? It was, yeah. I took a visit that had to be, I visited you when you were in St. Louis as the head coach When I was in St. Louis. Yeah. But, but I always thought that, that now you would've been in college, right?


Trav still you would've been in Cincinnati. Yeah. Off still in ci Yeah. At that time I would've thought that would've been one of the toughest things to do as a rookie coming in that year. No, no. Off season boom. Yeah. Running into a training camp. Right. I mean, talk about a challenge. Yeah. It was odd. I got the playbook, believe it or not, coach two days before training camp started 'cause they had just released Yeah. 'cause we couldn't, we couldn't give anything out, Especially for the late round picks. Yeah. For some reason there was like something that happened where If you were a first day pick or a second day pick, they like let you come to the facility or they gave you the book. But There was, there was one day they allowed that's what it was one day. What? That's what it was because we, we drafted Sam Bradford in that draft and he, Hey, he was able to come to the office for one day. Yep. That's so and that was it.


They so crazy. And they locked everybody out again. It was nuts. It was nuts. Yeah. So yeah, I remember showing up and I, I got into a really fortunate situation because Howard Mud wanted a more athletic center. So I had an opportunity, but it was, it, it was swimming, it was swimming for sure. I, and we were running like in Cincinnati, we never had run these two back plays and we didn't do a lot of two back offense. That wasn't a staple of what we were doing, but like, is that Right? Fox, Fox Two Run and Fox three. And I like, what, what are all these? I don't know what this is Seven man protection. What that system. I've never read Seven Man. Yeah, exactly. So, so it was, it was a learning curve for sure. But it was, it was fun. It's funny when you say that. So it, it really, the, the college football has all of that has kind of made its way now into the NFL, right?


Oh yeah. 100%. That's kind of how it's, it, it usually, it usually goes the other way. But it kind of went that way on the open, you know, on the know huddles and all the, I Think it was around 14 or 15 maybe that we, we brought in, I believe it was the head coach in Nevada because he was running that air raid offense. Chris Salt, was it Chris Salt? Yes. So we were bringing in, we were bringing in coach and he was, and he was like kind of like implementing some of the stuff that he was doing knowing that Alex Smith that we had at quarterback had ran that spread offense in college under Urban Meyer at Utah himself. So, so I re that it's sort of made its way in and then all of a sudden these RPOs come in and, and Chip Kelly over in, over in Philly actually brought a lot of those RPOs and spreading the, spreading the teams out.


Nick FO's throwing seven touchdowns a game over there in Philly. That was a fun Year. So Jason, you know, and Travis, you probably know when I first went to Philadelphia in 1999, I, I worked for a defensive coordinator by the name of Jim Johnson who is legendary INT Philadelphia, right. Jason. Oh yeah. Yes. Yeah. You guys know that. So I can remember it was probably early two thousands 'cause we're talking about how this football changed and you know, how travel on Saturday nights when we have our snack that the college games are on. Yeah. Oh yeah. And we're always wa we're always watching the college games. And I can remember sitting there with Jim in one of those years and look watching the college game and they were running option football and, and Jim going, this is in 2000 now.


Right? I'm sure glad we don't have to worry about all that option shit. Really. I Wanna be dealing with all that and shit. And lo and behold, you know, 10 years later, 12, 15 years later, and God bless him, we lost Jim and he wasn't coaching then. But now it is all in this league and, and we all gotta worry about it. It makes it challenging. Yeah. And the quarterbacks are more, much more dual that all of them can run and move to a certain extent. And what is, do you think it's reverting back a little bit though? Does air raid offense spread stuff now you're seeing, you know, the what San Fran and the Shanahan offenses are doing so well, Detroit, Philadelphia obviously has been running the ball. They're still doing the, the zone reads, but they're finding ways to implement some of these smash mouth concepts that have kind of fallen out of favor.


You know, It's funny, I keep, You know, I'm listening like you guys in the off season to all the talk and you know, will it convert completely back to the way it was? I don't think so. I think the throwing the football is still so exciting in this league. Defending, throwing the ball is still exciting yet. But I do think you'll see more teams, maybe the percentages of running will go up a little bit, but not everybody's gonna have a Saquon Barkley. Yeah. You know, I mean for, everybody's looking at that Right now. But those guys are tough. I Guess running backs really are important. Yeah, I guess so. Right. And offensive line, right? They're offensive line. I listen, I I I coach offensive coaches are really smart in This ERs league.


So you know, they'll go with anything that's working. I think they'll be a little bit more of a turn toward, I don't think anybody will get away from, you know, winning games ultimately with Throwing the ball, throwing the ball. That's all. And especially when, let's face it, most of the time the great teams are close games and close games come down to so often, and this is why Pat has been so successful in you guys in Kansas City, you guys, I mean, how many close games you guys close out last year that were one score just like unbelievable, whether it's a block kick or a minute. I mean it was unbelievable all 15 of them. I mean literally That's, that's the truth. I mean, some of 'em you can't even explain Travis when you Think it really, I mean I how did that happen? Who knows? I, I don know how how the hell Leo got that block in Denver so crazy called it too.


Yeah, it did. Yeah. Right. Do you think some of that, that conversion back is also what defenses have done, like, defensive now and you guys have done a lot of this playing a little bit more like shell, like two safeties back still aggressive though, and teams are trying to figure that out, that that quarter shift and what's the best way to attack it? Well, and and and what you're onto then Jason, is because we're so past defense oriented that, you know, running the ball and softening the, you know, getting you out of that and trying to throw the ball is still gonna be the game that's gonna happen. And I, you know, listen, you guys remember way back when, when, I mean when the four three, remember the University of Miami had all those stuff, Warren SAP was there and they had a, and they just sat in that shell took care of the pass with those guys back then, but they didn't have to worry about having an extra gap on offense because Warren Sap and the rest of of Them, Vince will fork all those guys.


They caught All, no, they were just two gap and fucking guys sold them. So when you, when you, when you, I mean listen, it's, and again, I go back, it comes back to players. When you've got players like that, you can play virtually anything, right? And, and be successful now when you're not quite as stout up there and, and, and you're trying to defend the pass and you guess wrong and they run the football and it's a 1215 yard run and then you gotta change it up. That's where the game gets a little bit tough. I I I think you'll see more of that though, Jason. I, I agree with what you're saying. I really do. Yeah. Alright, Before we move on from Coach Reed, do you got any like, favorite Andy Reed stories from, from back in the day or any, any gold you can tell us to keep it kicking, but I, You know, I had to at least ask Well, I will tell you this Travis, and you'll be able to appreciate this.


So now I'm a, I get the job in 99. They're two years. I, about, about the third year Travis is when I met Maria, my wife. And you've, you've met Maria, Of course. Yes. And you know, you know, she's legendary Jason for the food that she makes. But, but here's what, here's so now I'm, I'm gonna sit, I think I was like quality control or maybe I had become the safety coach or something, but I'm trying to climb the ladder, right? So the one way to climb the ladder is to keep the head coach, you know, you keep stay on his good side, so Yeah. Right, right, right. On Friday, on Fridays when Maria would make the, whether it was banana pudding or the sweet potato pie or whatever, I'd always sneak one of those bad boys. Yeah. May maybe, maybe two or three of them.


Yeah. Put them in the head coat office. Right? Yeah. Hey coach, these are for you. These are especially we have a whole separate package. Yeah. Just If you need some fuel to get you through the evening. Hey. Hey Travis, maybe that's why I got the chance to come here. And there We go. There we go. They had nothing to do with my coaching ability. It had to do with the banana pudding. I think That is funny. True. Man. That is a fucking golden Andy Reed story. IIII don't have any good dirt stories or anything. No, no. That was, that was golden in itself right there. Yeah. He's, I love Andy. You know that he's the best


Thanks for representing sponsor ZILLOW. Hey. Ooh, I love ZILLOW. Love going on Zillow. Who's ready to spend millions of dollars? Me? Or if you're like everybody else who use the app, just looking at things, Guys, we're talking about something that's on a lot of people's minds buying homes. Woo. We've all spent hours scrolling Zillow at 2:00 AM am I right? You're so right. I know it's one of my favorite things to do. It's the best. But here's the cool thing. They're actually doing way more than just showing pretty house picks. What else are they doing? Oh, okay. Zillow's not just a place to browse homes anymore. That's right. Think of them as your complete home buying guide. And here's The best part. They'll connect you with a local agent who truly listens to what you want. Hmm. Whether you're dreaming of hosting backyard barbecues, or looking for a city lifestyle, they'll focus on finding the right home that matches your specific needs. Jason, what, what do you think felt more complex? Buying your first house or learning your first playbook, Buying your first house. There's so many kind of like archaic things about it. If You are tossing and turning thinking, can I even afford this? Buyability on Zillow has got you covered. That's right. Just plug in your numbers and boom, it shows you what's in your price range. Plus if you're stressing about mortgages, Zillow Home Loans is there with options that won't make your head spin. You can get started Right now by downloading ZILLOW app If you don't already have it. Sounds Like Home. Just got real with ZILLOW. Zillow Home Loans LLC is an equal housing lender. NMLS 1 0 2 8 7.


Thank you to our partner DraftKings basketball fans. The NBA finals are here. The stage is set. The stakes are sky high in every shot. Could be the difference between glory and heartbreak. There's still time to get in on the action with our partner Draftking Sportsbook. Right now, new customers can bet just $5. And if your bet wins, you'll take home $300 in bonus bets. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and sign up using promo code New Heights. Jason, the crown is yours. Stay in on the action and use your $300 in bonus bets on DraftKings same game parlays for a shot at an even bigger payout. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. Love the thrill of the live betting DraftKings has you covered Bet Live on in-progress games Right now. As they happen, the sports betting is not yet available in your state. Don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have your shot to win cash prizes. Download the Draftking Sports book app now. New customers use promo code New Heights. Jason bet. Just $5 on annual wager and get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. That's promo code. New Heights Jason only at Draftking Sportsbook GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y text HOPENY at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Police play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


How much do I love dogs? This much you can't see because this is an audio ad, but I'm holding my hands really far apart to show that I love dogs an awful lot. You know what else? I love an awful lot. CareCredit. You can use the CareCredit credit card to pay for your dog's vet care or for your own dental vision and more at over 270,000 locations. CareCredit offers flexible financing for health and wellness for pets and people. I give it two thumbs and 3.5 paws up. Visit carecredit.com to apply and find a location near you subject to credit approval.


How did it all start for you in, in the coaching world? How did, how did you know you wanted to get into it? Was it, was it always a passion of yours or, yeah, I tell you what, Trav I can go back to. I remember being in high school Now listen, you guys know I didn't, I didn't grow to be big like you, dude. So I, I didn't, what's gonna be, we all wanted to be pro football players. I live, I grew up outside of Boston, so it was either that or hockey that wasn't Bobby. So there we go. Bobby, Bob baby. So I, I decided that, that I did want to coach and I, I went to, I went to Springfield College in western Massachusetts, was a big phys ed school, had pumped out a lot of coaches for that reason.


I, and listen, when I went to college, my goal was to go to college, play division two football. I get a phys ed degree, come back to my high school, teach phys ed for the rest of my life and coach high school football. That was the, that's a pretty good gig. That was why I won. That was the gig. That's what I was gonna do. And then along the way, I got there and, and that school had a lot of guys that had had graduated and were coaching in college. And so I got to meet those guys along night. One of 'em was at Wake Forests and this guy was at Boston College or, and that kinda sparked my interest. And so I kind of set my sights on coaching in college football, which I did for 15 years. And you know, in the back of your mind, you know, look at your, your hope and that maybe someday You get a break and coaching the NFL.


But you know, then you were looking at a, you know, short white dude from North New England, who the hell's gonna hire that guy to coach football? You know? But that luckily when we go back to the story of the connection with Andy, that I was able to get a break, but it's all Trav. It's always, my mother was a teacher for 35, 40 years. So that, I think that bug of teaching and helping other people and being able to see somebody go from being non-skilled or, you know, slightly skilled to getting really good because you've helped and that's kinda always been there. And that's, that's what I enjoy. That's what I really enjoy about. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's awesome. What, what Did, what did your mom teach?


She was actually a special needs teacher, so Oh wow. So that takes a little bit of patience. Yeah, you lot eng English and special needs that she had and mostly the junior high and elementary school levels. Gotcha. That's awesome man. Yeah, that's shout out to Mama Spas. Absolutely. Yeah, why not, right? Yeah, I got to, got to, she pointed me in the right direction. Yeah, there we go. We all, we all needed that. Everybody Needed that. Oh yeah. We all needed that. Yeah. Yeah. Well you won your, your first Super Bowl in 2007 as a DC with the Giants against the undefeated New England Patriots. Hmm. How crazy was that? To go into a game with the, the the mon stars that they had over there on that offensive side as well is the, the fact that they were going into it as unbeaten throughout the season.


Listen, Trav, when I, before that game and we had a, you know, we had a good group of dudes, you know, you know Michael and Oh yeah, Strahan the best you guys, you guys know all those guys. Stray ISS the best man. But I, I will tell you this, when when we started game planning for that game, because they were a juggernaut with the guys, they had they most points score whatever in the NFL in FLI thought if we could hold them under 30 points, that, that, that, that we might Have a goal. That's The goal. That would be a good No, that's, and Jason, that's not usually what you say. Right, Right, Right, right. But I just felt like that if, if we didn't do that, we had no chance at least. And I, and I thought our offense would score a little bit and it, it kind of went a different way. It became kind of a defensive battle.


But they were that good and Tom was so deadly. You know how he is, we're talking about cerebral, you do one thing, he knew exactly where to go with it and yeah, we had, there were two or three wrinkles and in every game we always do that. We change the two or three. They don't always work. Jason, you know, you, you figure out a way to pick it up. But the two or three key things that we had actually worked in that game and made, made a huge, huge difference. The guys executed them perfect in critical situations. And I think that kind of built that a little, the best thing that happened that year. And really, and I think Mike Strahan and the guys will tell you this, Travis and Jason, that the key to having the confidence to beat them was when we played them in game 16.


Yeah. They beat us in the, in the final game. They went 16 and oh, we just kind of, it was a slug fest and we were right in there. And our guys, I remember Justin Tuck walking off the field, I vividly remember this. We were in the end zone at Giant Stadium and him saying, coach, if we get to play them again, we can get these guys. Like, he just walking away. He felt that way that day. Now we didn't know that, you know, fast forward a month later we were gonna be in there playing the undefeated Patriots. But that our guys had that kind of confidence going into it. And when you got the leaders breathing and, and and speaking confidence like that man, it just oozes into everybody else's like veins. Yeah.


We, we just got on a roll. Justin Tuck is, he's one of those guys. So do You, do you guys know Justin? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He's the, he's the real deal man. Notre Dame guy. Smart. You talk about another cerebral football. So this is what, this is what Justin, so Justin was Right now Trav, I usually use Leo for this and sometimes through tranquil, but he's our joke. Justin Tuck was our joker. Yeah. You know Jason, the, the guy that, oh no, he had a d he had a D lineman number on. So you counted Dre not well he's never gonna be counting as a lineback. Not gonna Happen that The D line. But Justin, so Thursday is the big third down day. Right. Trav and you Jason, I'm sure you've done the same thing.


And so we'd, we'd put these blitzes in and he'd be the joker. I'd put 'em in all different spots, moving all over. He would mess everything up on Thursday. Like, like it, it, it took and and he'd say to me, coach, I'll be good. Just I'll be good. And he ultimately, by the time Sunday rolled around, he was, he had it. Yeah, he had it. That's good. He was awesome, but he was good too. Doesn't Breed the most confidence from the coach in the middle of when You walk, when you walk away and you go, I don't Take Out, we take that out. Yeah. He was, he was the best. Those guys that, that crew was a, that was a special crew too. Really was. If you don't mind me asking, what were the wrinkles that you did to throw Tom or the New England offense off? Just give us one. Just One good one. Okay. The, the one, the one we did was, and you guys will know this, so You know, I like to run overload pressures, right?


Yes. So photo side Free safety and well, or Nick or Mike or whatever. Yeah, yeah. You know, and typically the, the linebacker away from the overload, Jason would kind of m sugar up and then he Yeah. And he's pulling out. Yeah. And the minute he pulls out everybody turns over that way. So that particular game, I said, look, the first time we run this, Antonio was supposed to come. I said, Antonio, you don't go as the mike linebacker and Kika Mitchell did what we call a coffee house. He made it look like he was, but but he ended up going and by the time he turned and went, nobody picked him up and we got a sack out of it. So the Old coffee house. Yeah, exactly. And we did it early enough I think where once that happened and it's something you had practiced for two weeks.


Right. I think the guys go, holy shit, that worked. Yeah, that's great. We're we're on a roll, right? We let's do the next thing, let's do the next one. So that helped that it worked on that particular day. They don't always work, like I say, but that, that was one of them. And just blitzing that guy once makes us be honest with it. 'cause we would go into it a lot of times and like, Hey, every time this guy mugs up in the A gap, he bails and they blitz with the free safety's down over here. They're running the four to a side over here. So you're like trying to play that where it's like, hey number, like, this guy's right up on the ball. If he comes the back better be pretty stout picking this guy up. Otherwise it's not gonna be good. So you just do that once and then all of a sudden the whole game plan, now you're chasing that one right from the get go.


'cause you're like, Hey Nobody. Yeah. 'cause it might happen again. Yeah. It's like, hey, nobody got, I, I don't think we, I don't think we ran it again in the game. I Think it was just that one shot. Yeah. But sometimes that's all it takes one, and then it's heads. Alright, now we gotta honor that guy in the game. Yeah, That's right. That's right. That's right. Yep. Yep. I love it. Coach, I gotta ask you about your time in Frankfort. Dude, it, I Think it is such a unique opportunity and it was cool to go. It had to be cool to go back to the city and actually loved it and actually play there. Last year you were the defensive coordinator for the Frankfurt Galaxy in Germany. And what did you take away from your time in Europe before coming back to, to coach in the NFL?


Yeah, listen, the first of all, 'cause it was from there that, that Andy called me. I was, I was gonna go back the next year in 99 back to Franklin. Really? How about this? How about This? You had that much fun. You had that, you'd love those schnitzel that much, Huh? I was, well, here's the thing. I I, I actually, I, at the time I think I was living in Toledo, Ohio. I was in Ohio, you guys. Oh yeah. I, I took a German class to try to learn a little bit more German. 'cause I thought I was going back. I learned nothing. I, I hun dunk hun and Venus schnitzel. That was another, What else do you need? What else do you need? Yeah. You only, you only learn, you, you only learn a language if you're over there and you're speaking it.


But listen, I vet, I spent two years in NL Europe, one year in Barcelona, Spain. That was in 92 or 93 and then in 98 in Frankfurt, Germany. And those were two of the funnest, most enjoyable coaching experience. And, and one of the reasons not only being over in Europe and seeing all that, that's kind of cool. You guys have been there and everybody should go travel abroad 'cause it's, it's, it's five think it's great. I Love it. Yeah. But the other thing was the, remember this now, the guys that we were coaching were all guys that might've got cut from an NFL team. Right. That were looking for another shot. And so they were so I, it was the most motivated in tune, embraced group of guys you could have.


'cause they were always, they were all trying to get somewhere else. It wasn't like they were chasing money. They were chasing another opportunity to play in football. So I, I valued that and to go back Trav with you guys, and it was two years ago we went Yeah. Two years ago Yeah. To Frankfurt and it was at that same stadium, you know. Yeah. The last year I was there, we played in the World Bowl. We got beat by the, the Rhine fire. But it was in that stadium. It looked completely different when, when we went back Travis because it was different when I was there. But, but it was a great experience and some of the people were still there. That did remember that I coached there. That was, that was really cool. Not as cool that I wish that league, I wish it was still Listen Jason, I'm tell you what, you talk about developing old linemen. Yeah. That league was great for it.


You know who was just over there? Was it, it wasn't, it's not NFL Europe anymore, but we just had Joe Thomas on, he was coaching over in Munich last year and he said a lot of, I'm no kidding. Yeah. He loved it. And absolutely. In in particular the O line guys and you're taking Yeah. These guys that are new to the game and it's a little bit different than what it was with NFL Europe, but it's, he still loved it. We, I went over, when I first got here tra in 2019, I went over to Italy to do a camp with some coaches from the Chicago Bearers. It was a tie in with one of the, one of the coaches for the bearers was an Italian guy coaching that league. When you go over there and you work with European people that are into American football, you have the most captive audience.


Yeah. They're dedicated. Yeah. Oh, they're into it and they love it. And listen, the, the level is completely different, but Sure. I I just think it's great. I wish the NFL Europe would make its way back or, but anybody that's ever gone over there to do that, just like Joe Thomas did, have, have always come away loving it. Yeah. Let me ask you this, do you think we'll ever see a division over there? There's been talk of it. Ooh, maybe one team in London, one team in Germany, One in Milan, one in Dublin. It'd be fun, First of all. I would love that. Number one. But the, but the thing would be, alright, so here's, here's the hard part. You can, you, you can go to, wow. Let's, let's, let's use the Dolphins. Yeah. You go to Miami, you are free agent, right, Travis? Yeah. You go to Miami Dolphins for X number of dollars.


Yeah. Or you could go to London for X number of dollars, which is ba which is basically half. Oh. Because London's pretty expensive. Yeah. I mean you got all those dynamics that, that kind of make it tough. But I sure wish that would. That's Yeah. No, I Think it, I Think it would be terrific. It makes the make the game global, right? Yeah. I Think it would be Great. And it's starting to feel like from what, what Joe was telling me from what you're telling me in Germany, like I think the, the global demand for it is higher than it's ever been. Yeah. And like when we go over to London, it's insane. I mean it feels like an all-star game 'cause there's people in jerseys from all over the place. That's true. But it's, that's True. It's pretty cool. But I don't know. The only way, the only time. Those trips are really fun though, Travis. When you win, when you don't win, that's a good point.


Playing ride back. It's sucks. Never going bad. We wanna do that again. You know, you gotta you gotta win. You gotta win. That's how it always works. Been fortunate. We've, we've won all our international games, so We did. We've been fortunate.


Thank you to our sponsor Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Do you know how to check if you've got all the equipment before getting to your kids' games? Like YouDo to check if you've got enough charcoal before pulling out the barbecue. Like, you know, to check if you've got sunscreen first before heading to the beach. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


What's going on? 92% as we got another deal for you, you right here today. Variety Pack. My favorite Energy Drink ACCELERATOR has a special Father's Day promo going on that runs through Sunday. I think I know a dad or two that could use some energy. Once Again, accelerate has a great deal where You get $5 off their variety pack on Amazon. Woo Hoo. That has a little bit of a rack. Pop cherry, ice pop, tropical punch. What flavor are you grabbing first? If it's your variety pack Trev? Ooh, on The weekends I like to go a little, a little more, You know, I mean like, I'm on the island so I like to go tropical Punch on the weekends. All right. Alright. If I'm, if I'm getting it going on the week, I'm going rock pop. It's gonna gimme ride every time. All you have to do is head to Amazon and clip the coupon of the variety Pack Item ACCELERATOR is clinically proven energy that accelerates your metabolism and enhances your focus so you can lock in without the sugar crash. You Can't go wrong with zero sugar, zero carbs, and 100% natural caffeine to get you going. Go and stock up today and upgrade your energy with ACCELERATOR,


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Learn more at American Express dot com slash with mx CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


Let's get to our last segment and get you outta here. Coach, we appreciate your time, but we got one last segment called we gotta ask, but you don't gotta answer. We always end the compost. You can tell, you can either answer it or you can tell us to kick rocks. Yeah, I can plead not guilty or, There you go. Plead the Fifth. Plead the fifth. I can plead the fifth, right? I can plead the fifth. Yeah. Alright. What was your initial reaction to Justin Reed's? Justin in Spags, we trust T-shirt. Oh, I couldn't, I was trying to burn those so quick. Travis. I, I could, I mean, listen it humbling. So humbling. Cool. I love Justin. He's the best. But absolutely. I had to shake my head. That's just hard for me to see.


Yeah, I was, I was, I was trying to burn 'em up. No, man, You know, I had to get one of those things. I know you're the best. Those things Were selling like hotcakes coach. So cool. I dunno about that. So you don't have one yourself? You didn't just sneak one for Up memory. I, I can, I can honestly say I don't have one That's too funny. I can look at my face. I can look in the mirror and see that same, I love it. So you're talking about Maria being a tremendous cook earlier. She's known to cook an Italian dinner for the players that have the best hit every win. And it's called the Cram award. Is this real? Oh yeah, That's real. When did this Start? That Is real. And Who gave her that Idea? So we've all, we've always had an award.


It was, it's been called different things, but two years ago. 'cause it's been two seasons now. My my wife loves animals and so she gets on these videos and she found Tony Breaker is a comedian. He does these voiceovers, Jason of, of like, just imagine two rams. You know, they're, they're doing this right. But he vo he's talking through, they're funny. They're funny Shit. And I, and we always, we always play kind of comedy right here. Yeah. We always play a clip of it before we give the award out. So Maria is the one that said, you ought to do this. You ought to make the award this Krem award. She's the one now. And then she offered to, You know, I said, well we gotta give him something.


So that's where the Pastora came in. There we go. But they love, listen, they wait for Saturday mornings, Charles to see who's got, Chris Jones said to me one time, listen, I don't want a game ball. I can give a game ball to somebody else. I just wanna win the Crow awards. Get Maria's pasta. Yeah. That's Maria's pasta. This ERs so good. Is It, is it always red? Like what's, what, what's Maria working with? Usually she'll change it up. Yeah. Nick's not a red sauce guy, so, okay. Fini or the white sauce. Good. You name it Jason. She can make it. I guarantee you. That's awesome. Name. You wanna put your order in? You can. I'm about To say I get involved on this now. You I'm gonna jump in on that Bad boy.


I mean she, we've done it everywhere we've been. And when, when we were in New York and we would do it for the defense there, the old lineman Jason found a way. Yeah. I went the Friday They found, they, I heard later on that for some reason all the, all the defensive guys weren't getting the banana poison. Yeah. What's, what's going on? It was Chris Snee. It, it was Snee and it was O'Hara or Yeah. OO Arrow. All those guys were getting Deal. Yeah. Oh, okay. Deal was big part of it. He was big part. Dude, the And what am I, Hey, you gotta feed the old lineman, right? Trav. It doesn't matter whether, come on now Offensive. Look, you gotta take, you gotta take care of the old lineman. Always. Just Like you knew to take the pies to the head coach, the offensive lineman know where the pies are coming from.


They know. They sniff it out. They sniff out. I gotta ask you this, coach, what was your first impression of Travis Kelce? Oh God. Well the first impression would've been having to defend him. Yeah. When he was playing and that, and that was like, what a headache. And we're gonna go against this guy. Now tr I think, I think the one game when I was in New York, I think I got fortunate because one of your wide outs didn't play. And we were able, Jason, we put like three guys doubled Travis Kelce. Yeah. At least doubled might have been tripled. But Landon Collins plus the, the linebacker plus. Yeah, exactly.


Yeah. All over the place. We weren't gonna let 87 beat us, but, but I, and then when I got to meet him here, I mean, listen, I, I'm not saying this 'cause you're sitting here, Chad, but you are one of the purest down to earth mega stars that anybody could ever meet. And I just think that's, that's a great quality for both of you guys to be who you are and what you are in this world. And to just be regular guys. I mean, look at, I'm sitting here with the Kelce Brothers. No, You're the best. That means the most coming from me, Coach. Here's what I would say is don't You get, don't ever change. Yeah. Because you guys are the, you're the real deal and I know you won't. You Got it. Coach, do you remember the, the, the, the past that I threw against you back in 2000 That was against the giant?


Oh gosh, Man, I remember it like it was yesterday and now I see it more than ever, ever Helix Did Landon, did Landon pick an Austin? Oh yeah. Well, I, I think I more so just threw it right to him than he It off. He threw right to him. Yeah. It was the most impressive 80 yard torpedo of an interception. But it was Well he was going back to his Cincinnati days. That's right. Exactly. Exactly why I was in the Playing Wildcat. Yeah, Exactly. Why I got moved to the tight end. Hey Travis, have you, have you thrown well you have thrown since, but I mean that season, did the the boss go back to the Well on That one? You didn't understand. I, I went gung-ho and I You row, You row You did. I I decided to, I had one read and it was throw to Tyreek and Tyreek looked like he was double covered.


So I looked to the backside Back across the field. Yeah. Back across the field where coach told me to not, Not to throw it, not To throw it. Don't have a progression, Travis. You had one guy and then you run the Football. And I was just like, man, I'll tell you what I don't know. I can do it. I'm Just gonna assess the defense. Yeah. And as soon as we got into a funky formation and the linebacker at the time, I forget the linebacker at the time, but he immediately checked a cover two to just kind Of, I Think it would've been ke I Think it was Kelvin Shepherd. Yes. I Think it was Kelvin Shepherd. And it was just kind of just to make sure that they were prepared and ready for anything because we were in a weird formation. Yeah. And sure enough, I get the ball. I see, I see the backside safety kind of close on Tyreek to the point where it kind of felt like I was hoping that would happen.


Yeah. Just so I could go. He was and do my own things. And he wanted to go a little rogue and show everybody he knew what was going On. Coach Reid knows not to, not to put me in that situation ever again. I appreciate you doing that that day. I, The funniest part is Alex Smith comes running over to me and, and I'm just like, I can't even look Coach Reed in the face. He's like, don't worry about it. It was like a punt. I was like, it was second down. It was like a punt. It was second down Punt. We don't second down. Yeah. No, You guys got us that day. Let Me ask you, this other thing that Travis is known for is laterals outta nowhere. Do you think that's an underutilized offensive tool? Is that difficult for defenses? Def defend?


No question. Yeah, but I'm not sure I'd want anybody other than Travis doing it because I, that's a, that's a tricky deal from when I see it. I give when you are doing it, Travis, I go, Yeah, Yeah. Everybody's hearts out for a Second. That's all good. That's all good. But no, I like, that's a for, for like, I watch these guys do it in practice all the time. And I think Travis because the other guys now know that you're capable of that. They're, they're aware, they get around. I've watched that kinda develop while we've been here. It wasn't always like that. But then once they know that when 87 gets the ball in his hands, he can do something special with it. And that that was a, the one that the one What was the one Trav we had that we were offside On?


Oh, Baltimore. Oh, not Baltimore. Buffalo. Buffalo, Buffalo. It was Buffalo. Buffalo. It was buffalo I think two years ago. Yeah. That was sweet. That, that was a sweet, sweet Play. I got, I I felt that it was man to man coverage and Oh. And I just, I don't know what was that was the be now that was the best throw of my NFL career right there. I threw that one about 30 yard across The field. But That was awesome man. We, I, I figured then we were, we were in, we were good. That was, that was beautiful. It's like you're playing with Larry Burns, you gotta have your head on a swivel. Be ready for it. Right. And Jason, going back to your point about, you know, prac now with Travis doing that in practice, I, 'cause I think I see a little bit of that sewing up from other people.


Detroit Did it a few times this year. Yeah. Since we do it in practice, that will help us defend it If it gets done against us, which I think is good. Yeah, there You go. As someone that has done it is throwing an NFL challenge flag fund. 'cause it just looks like it's gotta be a blast. Right. Or running down and calling a timeout when you're not supposed to. Like I messed, messed up doing last year. I'll, I'll tell you this because I was a head coach for three years. That's one of the, that that's a pressure packed tough thing to do and, and to put on co I mean listen, it's a, you gotta, you gotta trust the person you got upstairs. Right.


You gotta, If you can't see it, you gotta feel good. It's gotta, because nobody really wants to throw that thing and have it get over to, And every wide receiver is gonna come over to you and tell you that they caught the ball. Absolutely. Now, now I wa so, and I, I had that happen when I was a head coach come running over and now I, I Think it was my first year as a head coach or a rookie head coach. But if he say he caught it, he must have caught it. So that goes out and sure as shit incomplete. No incomplete. But they all wanna say that. Thanks For the tip. But you know what Travis, there are, listen, I'm sure Coach Reed does this with you. There are certain guys, I'm sure on his offense that he trusted.


If they say I caught that and he didn't see it or they didn't see it, then I'll bet you he's throwing it because he just believes in, you know, somebody's not saying it just to say it And vice versa. I promise you I'm not gonna be that guy that tells Coach re I caught the ball and he has the most If You know you didn't. Right. If it A quest, I'm gonna be like coach. I'm not gonna lie. I have no idea. You're gonna have to go to somebody else on this. Yeah. You're gonna have to ask phrase up there. Yeah, yeah. But it's a cha that, that's a tricky deal. It is. Do You have a favorite Super Bowl win of your four? Mm Oh well listen, well let's put it this way. So back when, when we won in oh seven and that was a, that was a great Super Bowl win. So it's the first, You know, I, you know what I prayed that that wouldn't be the most special moment in the NFL and fortunately for me, other ones came.


Yes. Because if that was the, if that was the peak, I mean at the time I was 47 years old, so I had a little bit more time in the league, but, but every time you win one that one at that time right? Travel. Oh yeah. You know, that's the special one. I mean, and then, but they all sit, they all kinda rest on their own. Yeah. They have their own place for sure. Yep. I'm with you on that. I will tell you this Jason, the, the one when we beat the Eagles a couple years back, I know, I will tell you this Jason. I still was not happy 'cause we get you guys scored too many points. You know, you know how I am Travis. It's about not giving up points. So that, that kind of ate at me even though we won the game up.


Being in the locker. You you bowed up when it mattered though. Well, yeah. I mean, but, and thank God our offense score as many points as they did. No doubt man. Man a alive we've Had this conversation was a high hotly debated on the internet as defensive coordinator. Do you think the average person could get one yard in the NFL? Just put somebody out there, Run out there and run back. Can they get A yard? Take somebody out of the front row and just throw 'em in there and see And like, and our guys for real like put pass. Oh yeah. Legitimate air chops. No, I don't think, I don't Think it. Our guys are too good.


Too big too fast. Man. Too strong. I mean come on. You gotta know how to set up a block. You gotta know how to like there's so many it's, yeah, it's not as easy as these guys are making it, man. Do you guys remember the show? Didn't they have Pros versus Joes? Yes. Oh, you know That stuff. Oh Great Joe. Oh yeah. You guys guys ought be on that. Jesse Armstead. You guys know who? Jesse Armstead? He's linebacker in this league. Real good friend of mine. He's great. He's a University of Miami guy. He was on, I got the clip somewhere because when Jesse was with us in in New York, I pulled it out. But he was on pro Mr. Jones and this guy came out this, I don't know who the dude was. He was in Jesse's face and I'm, I'm gonna tell you what man.


Jesse Nick killed him. Yeah. One guy Nick Koval. And that was like totally caught. But that, I thought that was a funny show. That was a pros versus Joes. Yeah. I love it. No, that show was one of my favorites, man. Yeah, it's hard for guys to do that and You know, I don't know come back to play in the NFL but that show was a blast. Hopefully. Hopefully they can remake that thing. Yeah, that I thought it was, that went, I guess that went away. I haven't seen in a while. Yeah, I haven't seen it either. Who Was the toughest player you ever had to game plan for in your career? Well, I mean listen, Tom jumps out there because I was about to say yeah, Helix. Yeah. Because he was Tom Brady and we had some pretty good battles. But I'll say this, these quarterbacks nowadays that run and pass and Travis, it seems like we see 'em every week.


Do you know what I mean? To me they're the, so If you got, you got the quarterback that's smart and intelligent can get you in and out of a bad play or a new good one that could throw the football and that can run it. And there's, they're in this league. Yeah. Deadly mayor. They need to be more and more. To me that's the, that is simply the toughest challenge. You can take a, you can double a wide out. I mean listen, if it's the running back and you wanna overcommit, you can take a way of running back for certain players. But when the quarterback can do all of that, you know, That's what I always felt. And listen, I think Saquon deserves all the credit he can get. But I've, I've said this multiple times when when you have a running quarterback, it forces the defense to play it honest.


They can't cheat to get those numbers right. No question where Are you gonna give at? You gotta be in someplace where we're gonna have leverage and that has opened up so much for the Eagles and in my time there and it's the same thing. It's happened across the league with the you Lamar, it's even Josh Allen, like all these guys. Yeah, they're all doing it. Patrick does it. Listen when you third down to me, I love third down. We take a lot of pride in third down. And to me, when you can win third down, You get a pretty good chance of keeping the points low. When you win third down on offense, you're gonna score points. And when you add to defending on third down that the quarterback can pick it up with his legs on for seven or eight, that makes it really hard.


'cause there's certain things you can't do and open up a lane for Josh Allen to take off and get a, or you know, Jaylen did it in the, in the Super Bowl we had, I thought we had really good co Yeah, You get the perfect coverage, but he finds a pass rush lane and boom, he's the first out. 'cause he gets with his legs. Those are, those are the challenging guys. Well we always ask everybody that that's in the NFL this question. What was your welcome to the NFL moment? Oh, welcome to the NFL moment. Okay, you ready for this one? Yeah. I'm in Philadelphia as the quality control coach. The first year in 1999. We're in a first OTAs, maybe it's the fourth, fifth or sixth practice, whatever.


I'm the guy in charge of bringing the book out that has the cards, you know, so you could stand up there and show the offense what to do. Right. Well at the time in, in Philadelphia at the time, Jason, we were in Veteran stadium vet and our prac, the vet in our offices and locker room was in the vet. But our practice fields, you had to drive or walk across the parking lot. So it was a, a quarter of a mile and then the fields were out there and there was a little bubble there. Well, on this particular day, the quality control coach is supposed to have the book when the whistle, the horn goes. And we're going to, now we need the cut. Forgot the book. Oh no, I, I didn't have, I'm in, I'm in a flat out panic.


Oh no. Oh no. Because the book's all the way in the vet over there. Yeah. And listen, and I remember to this day Jim Johnson was terrific. He's like, no big deal. He walked over to like the quarterback coach and said, listen, give us a little bit of this. Give us a little bit of that. You know, he ran 10 plays and then the offense goes now. Right. Trav, they were so at that time I was sprinting, you know, to the parking lot, get to go get that book. And I got back before the next period began. But that was what I, I thought my NFL career was done though. That's, that's amazing. I've been Pure panic. I'm panicking Right now just thinking about being, I thought I ruined the whole thing. But that, that one just kind of sticks out. 'cause it was early, but, but it was great.


That's Incredible Coach. Yeah. 92% is Coach Span. You guys are the best man. Thank You so much for the time, the stories. That was awesome Coach. I appreciate you guys asking me to do it. I really do. When I was your guys' age, I was dreaming about being on the Kelce Brothers show Suit. Good. You're the best Coach. I always wanted to be on the Kelce Brothers show A dream come true for all of us. Big Guy. Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go up Right now and, and take another, take another hour or two, Jason to figure out how to stop whatever Coach Reed and Travis and Patrick, are they drawing, sitting the dirt trying in the ota.


I love it. I love it. You know it, You guys best man. Alrighty, that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Jason, make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Jason channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcast.


You can listen to new episodes of New Heights, Jason early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, New Heights. Jason is a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by ZILLOW. Download this app today.


Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Thank you to our production and crew always making us look good. And shout out to Spag. Yes. Can't wait to run it up with you again this year, man, add so much fun with that 1 92 percenters. Appreciate you guys tuning in. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this bag episode. Peace. Thank you everyone.


Hey, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights, Jason early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey Jack, I got some trivia for you. You ready? Nice. Which company's iconic fleece jacket was inspired by a toilet seat cover? Gotta be Patagonia. What's next? Okay, which sneaker was banned by the BA but then became the most iconic basketball shoe in history. Air Jordans. Come on, gimme something hard. All right. What energy drink used to plant empty cans in nightclubs to fake its own popularity? That was Red Bull legendary move by a legendary brand. Instant classic. This is Nick and this is Jack. We're best friends, ex finance guys and resident nineties cultural experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet we explore the untold origin stories behind the products you're obsessed with and the bold risk takers who made them go viral From the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to the iPhone to the most powerful force in business. Costco's Kirkland brand. Follow the best idea yet on the Wonder App or or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doctor.