(0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early and ad free right now. Join Wondery. Plus in the Wondery. App or on Apple Podcasts.

(10s):
ES B N Didn't wanna see you go fucking ape shit and Buffalo did they? They didn't wanna see you. Just I was rip your shirt off and I was watching tweets. And and tailgates and just like, oh My gosh. Mafia's just calling Jason. Come out And Play. They're not letting me. I. Gotta stay in the house tonight. I. Gotta do my homework.

(34s):
Hey Welcome. back to New Heights Hey. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment And. Brought to you by Buffalo Wild. Wings. Let's go Sports Bar.

(47s):
We're are your host. We're back at it yet again for another week. Travis Kel here. This ERs my big brother. Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland. Heights Ohio. Cincinnati Bearcat alums. The Bearcats coming off a 34 to nothing domination over the Houston Cougars. I mean they should be three and oh, they blew That Game against Pitt. Your guy Ozzi. How'd it going? I. I am kind of, I'm always But. yeah, they should be three and oh, they're, they look really good last weekend. And we're going down to Lubbock, Texas to take on the Texas Tech Raiders. Dude, you And Pat, you And Pat got a little side back going. I told Pat Mahomes. He's got, he's got it. Come on now. You know we do. Yeah. You know, we do. I let it when it happens. You'll know. You'll know. I might just fucking, the Cincinnati doesn't hold it down.

(1m 29s):
I might look like an idiot next week up here. Oh, I can't wait. Come On, bear ERs I. Don't know who I'm rooting for anymore. Go Down there, And. Call some havoc, subscribe on YouTube. Oney Plus, wherever you GET your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New. Heights Show with one s. Jason. let the people know what we got coming up, brother. Oh Of course. We got another great episode lineup for you guys. We're gonna talk about the Chiefs being three And. Oh, to start the season, the Eagle's Big bounce back, wind down in New Orleans. Nola I. Think it's called Nola I. Think they go. And. The rest of the biggest stories are around the league, including the surprising division leaders, Justin Fields, success in Pittsburgh, and Andy Dalton, the Ginger Soce creature winning big in Carolina.

(2m 15s):
Anyways, first we're gonna GET a little bit. Gonna GET to a little bit new. New news, New news ERs brought to you by UNITED Airlines. Where good leads the way Nice, that's s right. A little UNITED, Little history lesson last time we're gonna talk about a little bit of grotesque E.

(2m 35s):
That's s right. Travis. Nice. Nice. I. Like how you said, That First item of new news ERs. Travis's acting debut. Well I. Don't know if that's true. Travis has acted in a few other things, guys. But this ERs his biggest acting world debut where he's a featured cast member for multiple, multiple episodes. I think, what's your other closest one? Moon Base Eight. Where you had the Moon base. Eight I mean technically I was acting on SNL But. yeah, But That was one. Those are one episodes, like kind of one offs. This was the full season. True. Yeah. Well Tonight. That's s Right Tonight. Wednesday. September 25th. The first two episodes of Grotes Getti starring Niecy Nash.

(3m 16s):
Courtney B, Vance And Of course. The Big Yeti. We'll air on fx. Ooh, Nice. Are you the Bad guy? Are you gonna, are you the killer? Can't tell. Can you tell me? You, you're gonna have to watch Jason. Make sure you have the girls watch this. They're gonna love the Show. Listen, Kylie will murder me. I am gonna have the girls. And then in the moment a ERs there like a warning or ERs there a lot of surprises. The cool stuff Do not That was completely a joke. Do not let the girls watch the Show. They rules. There's, there's Uncle Trav. Oh my gosh. I. Don't know if they'll even like understand what's going on in the show. Dude, You know what movie we watched?

(3m 56s):
It's very, it's very like Don. Don't know. Yeah's a little too Advanced. Very, I'm with you. It's a too Advanced for Toddlers. I. Forget I. Think I was having the girls watch. RRR. I was watching Rrr r and Kylie was like, what are you doing? The opening scene ERs. It's not funny. I don't know I interesting. I'm laughing because you let your daughters watch That. Kylie's like Are. you kidding me? But you know what We did just watch? Which, so why ERs it the stage now where she enjoys who's not good? It's Not good. This wasn't, hopefully I didn't do permanent damage.

(4m 37s):
It's not good. Hopefully why it doesn't start. Like hopefully we don't find neighborhood pets riddled in our backyard in a few ERs. Don don't know what I just did. Yeah. All Right could tell. I'm laughing because I could see Kylie's face. So Jason, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah, it was, You were, it's not good. No, no it's not. It's not good at all. Alright. Right. Anyways, mama Kelsey also appeared to stop by the Cro Teca premier. Look at Mom looking fantastic. I like That. It's like a Nice wine color on her I like That For her. Did she know she was gonna match?

(5m 17s):
So Well I Don't I don't know I. Think I think she just, you know, she went with Like the purplish burgundy, which ERs like she Knew. She knew she was gonna look good in it. And she like a rock in it. Horror like color. Like when I, think of Bad I, think of Purple. For some reason ERs That because of Super Mario. Like all the bad guys were always Purple I Don't know. I Don't know. Like wa Luigi I do know That mom got to meet Niecy Nice and had nothing but an amazing thing to say about her, which everyone does. Niecy Nash ERs amazing. Yeah. And. She just had a blast. She went up there with Uncle Don, And named Joan and everybody, they were all texting me afterwards telling me they enjoyed it. And. They can't wait to keep watching it. And I'm just like, man, I didn't know you guys were into thrillers like this.

(5m 59s):
You're Excited about the premier. Yeah. I'm excited. I'm I. Just wanna see, you know, I haven't seen anything yet. I I kind of been just like focused on training camp and Football ERs. Everything's been getting edited. And finished and I've just been locked in on the, on the, on the season. Yeah. So you know the story, but you kind of are like, this ERs gonna be fun for you to actually Get to see what it looks like firsthand. Yeah. Finished product I mean. Yeah, you read the scripts and everything. And, I'm not gonna lie, I I focused on my parts more than I like Understood the entire like, like grand scheme of the show. Sure. So there are parts That I was like watching the trailer and I'm just like, oh, sh this ERs, this ERs, this ERs really interesting.

(6m 42s):
Oh, That was Happening. I'm definitely gonna gonna dive in And watch it for sure. Well. It'll be Nice to see a Kelsey Finally in something other than a commercial. But while we're on the topic of commercials, let's talk about your Pepsi commercial. Oh, Nice. Yeah. Yeah. That was awesome. That was, that's the other thing. Besides this beautiful series Premier scripted content that's coming out tonight. It's probably I mean. It's gotta be Commercial of the year. I mean star studded, Dude. It's it's pretty sweet. It was, It's an awesome kickoff to the Football season. It's So cool. Like when you GET to like put on like a cool outfit, like That, like Pepsi Custom made our armor, our gladiator's armor Was That actual ERs.

(7m 26s):
It actual metal or ERs it like plastic. Don't lie to what? Don't lie to me. It's, It's full I had to defend myself from a Tiger. You think That shit's Plastic. Oh my God. It's plastic. You're Ridiculous. Jason I hate this and I did Get to keep it. Which ERs pretty sweet. That's pretty cool. Josh, Derek Henry, Justin Jefferson. They all did fucking Unbelievable Jobs and And Sure enough, the director Jake Scott ERs the son of Ridley Scott who directed the actual movie Gladiators And. I cannot wait to see That movie. It looks so good. He's directed a lot of movies. Yeah. Yeah. Jake and his son Jake did unbelievable job. Jake. Jake just, he rolled us through everything and knocked everything out real fast. And. It was just awesome. He knew exactly how he wanted to Get everything.

(8m 8s):
Shot And. Yeah. He was unbelievable at giving me the direction, literally. So I'm coachable, man. You coach me up. I can do it. Ridley taught him Well And it was just fun. It was cool to see the, the final product. Well. Yeah. It wasn't, it was an awesome final product. You guys fended off the Tigers, you danced, you sang, you came together. ERs ERs a group of friends ERs Gladiators do Ready for week one of the NFL. Yeah. Had my man Winnie, Winnie the B out there. You know who I had ERs a director in a commercial recently. Who's That? Neil Brennan I didn't even know he ERs a director. Yeah, dude. Neil ERs awesome. His standups are great too. Yes. He ERs a and you don't realize he's, he's directed a lot of stuff.

(8m 52s):
Like off the top of My head, I didn't know. I didn't know it at all. I thought he, because I knew he was, he was involved with Chappelle show. Yes. And He's awesome man. I had obviously seen his standup, but I did not know, like when I showed up to the commercial shoot and he was directing me, I was like, what the f what what's going on right now? I'm like, why? It's an honor. It really ERs an honor. He did, he did my Lowe's commercial with me and McCafferty. Oh, Nice. Nice. Shout to McCaffrey, man. Hopefully he gets on the field here soon. But. yeah, man. The Pepsi commercial was amazing. Grotesquery comes out tonight and yeah, man cannot wait to see everybody's reaction of me being in a mystery thriller. Kinda scary.

(9m 32s):
I'm turning all the lights off. What the fuck ERs going on. It'll GET you thinking now. Yeah. ERs It, it's, that's what I love when they're thriller like mysteries. Like who's the killer? I? GET sucked into those shows. So easy. Buckle up boys. Are you even alive? Are any of us alive? Jason, Are you Bruce Willis? Six? Sensing it like, are you even? No, you're, Don't You? It might be a little of That. Don't play mind games with me. Right. Now it might be a little bit of That I don't. Maybe though I Don't know what to expect. Yeah, me neither. And More new news. Our first Wondery Plus exclusive drops this week. We've got brand new segments. We're excited to drop such ERs dumb answers.

(10m 13s):
Ooh. Which ERs Nice Riff off of No dumb questions because there's no dumb questions, but there are dumb answers. There are real Dumb answers. There are some dumb ass answers. I've been accused. Yeah. Sign me up for the dumb answers. Line I mean they actually, they they grade kids on dumb answers officially. Like, that's how grades work. But. yeah. Dumb answers Well. We'll respond to some of the craziest lies you guys were told ERs kids. And we're also gonna introduce some more new segments soon. Like Heights hotline. We're also thinking about start a new Heights film club. Dude, I'm pump, I'm in on this. I'm in on this. What Do We What I mean? I guess we can do like We can do anything. Yeah, we really can do anything. It's our club And.

(10m 53s):
It's a reminder if you want to listen to us early without any interruptions and GET the access to those exclusive episodes. That we just mentioned, we're still giving you three months free of Onery Plus. This ERs this Wondery Plus offer ERs only available For a limited time. So GET going. Visit Wondery dot com slash new Heights offer to redeem How about That And That was new news

(11m 17s):
That took forever and

(11m 19s):
ERs brought to you by UNITED Airlines. Where a good leads the way better believe it.

(11m 25s):
Alright. Right. Let's GET some Football Chiefs. 22 Falcon 17. Sunday Night Football n B C Are you Ready for our Football? Oh man. Initial thoughts from the game. Trav, anything you wanna start off with? Pat said it. Coach Reed said it. You know, we're finding ways to win games and we're not playing our best Football. Everybody can clean it up. I. Think I. Everyone saw my drop on in the fourth quarter? That That. Crucial third down, just trying to do too much before putting the ball away. And that's probably the biggest thing for me. ERs making the play in, in big time moments like That I think with how defenses are playing us right now. I'm not really getting a lot of opportunities to make plays down the field, but not using That ERs an excuse moving forward.

(12m 7s):
Still trying to, you know, make sure That I I can help the team out in That regard. Knowing That I, I've been That weapon for us in the past. And moving forward. It's just, you know, everyone's, everyone's just tweaking their game in the right direction and We know what we have to do to Get better this week going, going out west to play the Chargers. And excited for the Challenge baby. And we're we're three. And oh man, it doesn't GET any better than a, than a than a three. And oh start, Pat and Coach Reed asked about Big Yeti. We talked about this. We're calling plays for Travis and it's like two or three people are going to him. People are really emphasizing trying to take him away. Pat said And then Andy says they're working hard at taking Kelsey outta the picture.

(12m 48s):
If they're doing That, rashe ERs going to GET a lot of catches and Trav knows That sometime That will level off. Whatever it ERs. It's Football baby. What? Football now it it like, I'm not getting caught up in Yeah. Getting the targets. And, And, all That, I, I just wanna have a successful offense. And I think Pat's doing a great job of finding the open guy and making the right decisions. s Right now and We just have to keep finding it's the new offense, new players, new pieces. And we're just finding, you know how to have success throughout the season. ERs an offense. You're gonna go through these ups and downs throughout the season. And, you just wanna make sure That you clear, That you clean up all the mistakes. That, you're, you're making sure That you're communicating. So That, everybody understands exactly where we're going moving forward.

(13m 31s):
And, nobody does it better than Coach Reed and And. Pat Mahomes in That regard. There's no question I mean. It has been, it feels like you guys have dealt with this in semblances of it over the last couple ERs, especially last year, midway through the season, defensive playing Well And, then you guys turned it on in the second half of it. But these soft coverages where they're really taking everything away underneath, or giving you everything underneath, but taking away the explosive. And you have to take these little, you know, I mean you're running the ball like crazy and you have to, when they're giving you boxes the way you guys are getting them. I can imagine That, you're frustrated. I've had a lot of catches in this league, man. I'm not worried about, you know, the catches And, the yards and And. All of That I have the most fun when I GET the ball thrown my way.

(14m 14s):
I mean who does it course, course Execution Feels emotion. It has, it has everything to do with execution. Just making sure That, we're doing whatever We can to win these Football games, man. And that's always gonna be the goal. It's gonna go your way. Especially if you freaking keep being the guy you've always been. You know what I mean? There ain't nobody That I've ever played sports with and nobody That anybody's ever been on a team with That has loved being out there with Trav Moore. And I know, it's, it's frustrating for me to watch and have to listen to, but I can't wait. And, we don't gotta put That in there, but I just I appreciate. I just can't wait. I I fucking can't wait for it to turn. And if it doesn't ERs long ERs, we're winning Football games.

(14m 55s):
We good to go. Baby Rashe had a hell of a game. Carson Steele had a hell of a game. My Dog four, two man Dundee ERs I call him. He's got the Crocky j alligator back in Indiana. ERs a ERs a a present from his dad, which ERs the coolest thing ever, man. And. He just, he runs the ball like a maniac man, just like a freight train. So people will call him the white rhino. He's, he's hitting the hole and he ERs dragging guys for an extra three, four yards. Every single time he on he hits somebody and he ERs at the point of contact. And, you just love a guy. That, That. That just That just hits the hole like That, man. I. It's, it That puts such a strain on the defense.

(15m 36s):
I Don't like comparing guys to like necessarily like, like when there's a white runningback And, you I feel like they all a white D lineman, they always GET pair compared to like other white guys. You know what I mean? Yeah. Don don't like That comparison, but he, when he leans forward, he looks so much like Larry Zaka. Like you remember watching Larry Soka run I, like I wasn't Expecting That. It's almost like a torpedo that's like at an angle off the ground. Yeah. Like, that's what he reminds me of for, for some fucking reason. I Don know why's. That's hella, that's a hell of a fucking reference Right there. That's pretty good. Yeah. Rashid, he's roll, he's rolling Right now. Man, I couldn't be happier for the guy. Do you wanna talk about one of the hardest workers in the building? Man, week in, week out, day in, day out, he ERs out there busting his ass in practice.

(16m 21s):
And I'll tell you what, man, he's, he's getting rewarded with the way he's playing right now. Yeah. And. He ERs really, he's I mean. He's the, he's the charge right now. He's the, he ERs the, the front runner in terms of like who we're going to, who we're trying to GET the ball in his hands. Yeah. Every single time he touches the ball, he's breaking tackles he's finding a way to GET the ball. He's he's finding a way to GET first downs. He's doing unbelievable job in terms of blocking And, just helping his, the rest of his teammates out when they got the rock And. It's just, he's playing, you know, selfless Football and, and I couldn't be happy for Right now. Yeah, he's, he's, he's, he's playing phenomenal And. He's make one of the things I love watching a guy his yard after the catch A guy That turns a, like a, an average catch into something special and he's been doing it all season long.

(17m 8s):
He's s right now he's leading all players in yards after the catch this season with 200 cow. He also leads all receivers with forced missed tackles with nine easily. So he has been electric with the ball in his hands. So yeah, they should probably keep throwing it to him 'cause good things are happening. Yeah. Defense comes up big in Spags. We trust the Chief's defense continues to play at a high level. The defense finished with two sacks, eight tackles for loss, 10 quarterback hits And an interception How about That. That's a lot of negative plays. Let's GET into some of these highlights. start with the interception and lateral very Ed Reed Baltimore Ravens esque. Whenever I see an interception lateral I always think of the Ravens I feel like they did this for, for a number of ERs.

(17m 50s):
Yeah. GET the ball on Ed Reed's hands Go, go, go, go. Are you pro I mean you're pro lateraling on offense. You gotta be pro lateraling on defense. Hell after an Interception, everybody Yeah, I'm in on laterals. Laterals Are so like, did you see That hooking Ladder? That Lion was Lions Lions or Yeah, it was Lions. Lions S right. Yeah. Love it. Love a good hooking ladder For a touchdown. A good hooking lateral man. When team used to break That out in high school, oh, it's so fucking Electric. What ERs a hooking ladder Best for Zone or man, I'm gonna say man, man, That makes sense. Yeah. Who knows. It might be good for it. Good against all I feel like you want the, the hook, you gotta have enough space there. So it's gotta be like enough soft coverage.

(18m 32s):
That, he can catch it. And lateral it. But what do I Point know? I don't I have no idea. Yeah. Jamari ERs playing his ass off Right now. He's not just, it wasn't just the pick here. He's making plays left and Right And really our entire defense ERs lights out I mean outside of maybe what like the first driver or the first quarter they I mean They were just, they were lights out man. And I, just I I can't say enough about what SPACs ERs doing with these guys. He's just putting him in such a position to have success. And just to have fun and play free and, and fly around I mean it's a, it's a nod to everybody on That defense to like own up to like their, their piece of the puzzle. You know, you got guys like Mike Pinnell who ERs just, just driving offensive linemen into the backfield.

(19m 16s):
Leo Chanel just driving guys off the ball and just making sure That, they play their gap so hard. That the running back and the linebackers just have these lanes to shoot and no more prevalent than this huge fourth down when Nick Bolton came flying through a gap untouched to to, to GET a bi Bijan Robinson Right here and And That really secured the win for us. I mean, it's just, it's awesome when you see the defensive side just making these huge plays, man, because it just, it really does make you feel unstoppable when you're, when you're putting up points, man, I will say I don't know what the hell the lead blocker was doing on this. Yeah, indeed. He didn't have his like what?

(19m 57s):
But That's the thing sometimes. Was He expecting like the guy to go underneath I? Don't know. Sometimes those design, like those game plan runs, you just don't Get enough looks at 'em to Yeah. So you GET an awkward look And it. If if it's not he practiced it, you gotta have guys That That can just, you know, wing it. And. Unfortunately it didn't look like he had his eyes on the right guy. Or who knows, maybe somebody else screwed it up. And. He had his eyes on the wrong. It's fair, fair point. You know, you never know how how That thing was supposed to play out. I just know That. It looked like the Chief's defensive line got a real good push. Yeah. And it looked like We capped the defense. Right here. And didn't let him GET outside the numbers on a sweet play like That.

(20m 37s):
So Bolton, man, he's playing huge for us. Everybody. He, he kind of went down there for a quick second, got himself back in the Football game and made the biggest play for us. Man, And just love a fuck. He's a heck of a player, Man. Just a ball player man. Just, you could tell he's just a ball player. He just wants to fucking win. Man I love That. Dude Wants to win, communicates everything gets guys lined up. He's really the quarterback out there, especially for the guys in the box. It's fun watching him play. Yeah. Next week you guys got the Chargers NLA Be he's correct? Yes. How Will it be different preparing for this team with new head coach Well new head coach for older head coach Jim Harbaugh? Yeah, the charges are coming off a loss to the Steelers, but our two in one, the Chiefs have beat the charges the last five times you guys have played them Don't mean a damn thing.

(21m 22s):
Yeah. That. I'll Tell you what man. That ERs in the past, That ERs tense every time, every time you Get new season, new head coach, especially a motivator like Harbaugh, I I mean these guys are gonna fucking play hard and they've been playing their ass off. Yeah, really? The entire season they I know they lost to the Steelers, but they were, they were flying around and not making it easy on them. It Sounds like they're gonna be missing with I. Think boa ERs. Bosa gonna play I know he got hurt in the last Game. I. I have no idea who's up And, who's down? Right now I know Durwin. James just got suspended. Which I do know That. Yeah. That's unfortunate man. You always love going up against Durwin. He's just, he's the best man. He ERs the best and I love going up against the best. Yeah, he should be out there. I'll leave it. That. Yeah.

(22m 2s):
Other than That I think you know, whether or not Herbert plays it all. That's in all that's out of our control. Our control ERs. We still have to GET better offensively our defense ERs playing lights out I. Think Coach Reed's message in the building today ERs That. You know, we just keep finding, finding the answers. No Doubt And We just keep climbing the ladder on getting better. And and And And. Let's go out there and play our best Football for four quarters. And that's all. That's, that's all we're really focused on right now. Well. Let's focus on a LeBron stat for this last game with the win over the Falcons. Pat secured his 77th career win surpassing Tom Brady and Roger Staubach for the most quarterback victories in their first 100 starts and second LeBron set.

(22m 43s):
Andy Reed now has more career wins with the Kansas City Chiefs than with the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah baby. He's Got a hundred And 31 with the Chiefs and 130 with he ERs won 261 games. Just ERs a head coach. Not even going back to Green Bay. Nope. That's A heck of a ball. Coach Right there man. That's a ball coach right there baby. Shout out to the big red. Heck yeah before We GET outta the chief section. We have some house cleaning housekeeping. Oh, there we go. Housekeeping, We need to address first. Chris Jones wants his half sack back during a press conference last week. Chris Stone, cold Jones let the Football world know That. He's not happy about his half a sack against some Bengals being taken away and given to teammate George Carl Loftus.

(23m 27s):
Chris Jones was quoted ERs saying, I'm trying my best not to GET fined, but in my nine ERs of playing three days later when my hand was clearly on him. I don't know who viewed it, play 29 Okay calls it out by name. Okay play 29. But who's counting? Who's Counting? Fucking I Could just hear this in Chris's voice. You know, I'm trying my best not to, not to GET fined We both touched him at the same time. So ERs he arguing That, he should have got a half sack and he got, he didn't GET credited with anything. No, he got the half sack in the game And then on top of, and then a couple days later they reviewed it and they gave the full sack to George. So he got his half sack taken away.

(24m 9s):
But then once he, he kind of let it go. He said, George agreed to treat me for dinner, so I'm good now. I Mean he did, he did help assist the tackle. right? But George kind of had him, you know, he had Joe wrapped up around the leg. I have no idea. I don't even know what this looked like. I saw it. Alright Right. You saw it. George Has 'em on the ankle. I think he's probably gonna GET the sack, but I mean there's no question J Chris like shoves him down. I don't know how they count these things. I really don't I just know That. There's a race to touch a quarterback whenever he ERs going down. Yeah. That's all I know. That's what it really ERs. Who can, who can GET closest to him. Yeah. He said, George agreed to treat me to dinner.

(24m 49s):
I'm good now. Something tells me he's still kind of upset about it, but that's fine. Can we do anything about this? Can we call the commissioner I mean you probably can justice For Chris. Yeah. Make a big stink about it. I'm not getting involved in this. Lastly, creed Humphrey has a great bit going on. I've been noticing this too. This ERs awesome love. He's killing it Right now. Love the pre-game fits. He started it. We keep winning. He has to keep doing it. He's gotta keep Doing it. He Gotta keep doing it. Gotta keep doing it. I'm pretty sure he was gonna keep doing it regardless. But I think the three and oh start ERs very, it. He's getting a lot of juju, a lot of good juju from Creed in his pre-game fits Well. It's been three weeks since Creed started his T-shirt bit. So we gotta show 'em all right now. It started with just the, the first game, then they won.

(25m 30s):
So then he decided to do the old duct tape maneuver. And, right? Bengal over it. Here's That one. And yeah, they won again. So he's he's staying true to it. He ain't new to this he true to this. There's Something about duct tape That ERs just like, it's, it's, it's a great I Don Fixes everything man. It fixes Everything. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, it's a, it's a heck of an invention. And to use it in this way, I still remember you fucking putting duct tape on your cut? Oh My God. What an idiot, man. No, it works. It works, Dude. No way. That That hurt. I know That hurt like a mother when you Yeah. Be ripped it off. right, right. But either way, I love. I love how the first two home games, home games a little bit more lax.

(26m 10s):
You know what I mean? You're at the house, but then when you go on, on a wait trip, business Attire still wore the T-shirt underneath a a Nice blazer. He was ready to rock and roll. The real question ERs, do we think creed's washing this shirt each week? I? Don't know. I'll have to ask. Somebody's gonna have to ask him. I Mean it still looks fresh. It's real Nice. Oh, I. Can't wait to see what it looks like this week. Something tells me It's, it's gonna be the same.

(26m 34s):
My it's time to talk about our next sponsor. BUFFALO WILD WINGS. If you're a 92 percenter, you know We love us. Some bubs around here. Jason Ain't That the truth. What's your go-to order these days? I'm glad Jazz Trab because I'm actually having some new favorites. s Right about now. The Triple Bacon cheeseburger, And fries and I. Gotta have some traditional wings tossed in the buffalo bacon sauce. How about That Buffalo. Buffalo, buffalo bacon, Buffalo bacon sauce. And If the 92 Percenters want to try by order, just look for Kelsey's Picks on the bubs menu. Alright Right. Now you can try Jason's favorites at your local Bdubs. And while you're at it, you can catch all the Football games this season on their wall to wall TVs. Choose from over 30 beers And, enjoy delicious wings and sauces like Honey Barbecue And their limited time Buffalo bacon sauce. So catch all the games of you Buffalo Wild Wings vocation this Football season. And try some of my favorite menu items while you're still available. BUFFALO WILD WINGS. Let's go. Sports Bar. Can you feel it? The NL season ERs Finally here.

(27m 42s):
Oh yeah. That

(27m 42s):
And. That's why felt. We need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor, SeatGeek. That's s Right who are back for their third season with new Heights And We have a special discount for the 92 Percenters GET. 15% off any ticket on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not with the code. Kelsey 15 That Works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis play. You name it, you can even grab a ticket to experience a Monday night game in person like I. Do most weeks SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10 to look for those green dots. Green means good typically and red. Eh, this That means bad. So Save yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek app and add code Kelsey 15 to your account to GET you 15% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's code Kelsey 15 for 50% off terms. Apply

(28m 33s):
Football season ERs in full swing Trav, which ERs Of course means cool fall temperatures are Finally returning my weekends favorites are spent watching games and it's all Right in the world. But there's one ritual That deserves to be added to your fall routine And. That's daily hydration. And energy from LIQUID IV LIQUID IV hydration multiplier. Plus Energy delivers 100 milligrams of natural caffeine. Plus three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink so you can accomplish all the things you want and need to do. Plus, They've combined their popular peach flavor. Very popular I might add with highly requested Blackberry. I was Wondery when this Blackberry was gonna come around to awaken my senses and keep me coming back for more. They've Finally Don it. I'm a big Blackberry guy. I'm going peach tear pour Live more. One stick Plus. 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. start A new fall ritual with LIQUID IV GET. 20% off your first order of LIQUID IV when you go to LIQUID IV dot com. And Use code Q, new Heights at checkout. That's code new Heights. 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code new Heights at LIQUID IV dot com.

(29m 51s):
Alright right now. Let's move on to some bold topics. Jason's Monday Night in Bristol Hey Yo Bristol Connecticut ESPNs headquarters. I. Believe it's you were back doing Monday Night Countdown on ESPN in Bristol this week. How Monday How did you like doing the show from the studio versus the at the stadium? It's cool. It's, it's definitely more fun at the stadium with the environments, the players. It's feel the Fans I would assume, But Hey, whenever I Get to be up there with Scott Van Pel Ryan and Swag, it's a, it's a fun evening to say the least. Yeah. S B n didn't wanna see you go fucking ape shit and Buffalo did they? Gosh, they didn't wanna see you. Just I was rip your shirt off.

(30m 32s):
And. I was Watching tweets. And and tailgates and just like, oh my gosh. That so much Better. That Mafia Mafia's just calling Jason, come on play. They're not letting me. I. Gotta stay in the house tonight. I. Gotta do my homework. Yeah, That would've been a lot of fun up there in Buffalo, but you know, wasn't the case. Two games, two games ERs different. You gotta prepare a lot more. And I love learning from these guys. Man, swag, And, Ryan And. And and Scott have been doing it for a long time. They're awesome man. Man, they're, it's just impressive. It's very, very impressive what they're doing. It's my favorite show in in sports. The biggest takeaway from 92 Percenters was definitely your dad's sneakers.

(31m 15s):
That's s Right. You're up there. This picture's fucking electric right here. Whoever screenshotted this, What's so electric About it? Double hand on the hips. I'm listening. That's a listening. That's my listening. You're open, you Are, you're engaged open with Hands on the hip open. Yep. But you're engaged Here. I'm, I'm I. Don't know if you're listening or not. Here. Here. You're Not disinterested. Yeah You are. I'm not listening to what's happening right now here. It's like Okay. Yes sir. Yep. No I got what you're saying. Okay. Let's talk about it. Boom. Nice. That's good. Body language. Yeah. But. yeah Nice. Nice kicks man the old dad balances. Yeah. Dad balances. There you go. They had Kelsey's.

(31m 56s):
You could fix the second floor bathroom in those things. You could spread some mulch in those things. You could, you can ask your kids to cut the grass in those things. What else can you do in those things? I mean? You can do anything you want in those things. You Could be a little league. Yeah you could be a little league coach. You go on Monday And Night Countdown with those things. I mean you can do whatever you want Man. Kelley's got it figured out man. Did any part of you consider wearing flip flops? No. I ERs. That frowned upon in the ES ESPN studio. ESPN's kind of gimme a lot of leeway. They're pretty much saying you can wear whatever you want Jason. Just make it make sense. I think we were doing like a little bit there where I needed to be a little bit agile so I felt like the shoes were necessary.

(32m 37s):
I like the flip flops. I just don't like flip flops when I'm actually moving around And doing a bunch of stuff like then I do prefer shoes. If I'm just kinda like going about my day And, I'm not gonna need shoes. I'll go flip flops. And, that's the majority of my days because I'm retired and bored. And lonely. But the shoes work very Well for it just feels like you're working a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I gotcha. I'm blocked in ankles are ready. Yeah. I GET. You man, you GET That ankle support. You're watch out. You know I need it all. Yeah. All you need ERs. I GET them ligament SPRs. My ankle collapses. Ankle support. I need the ankle support. I need the base. Especially if I'm gonna be past That in swag over There.

(33m 19s):
Some new ankles. You can This double-breasted Burgundy dude. Crimson what ERs That Crimson. Why? Listen, that's why the swag baby 92 Percenters immediately compared Jason's dad's shoes to Oh my game day sneakers. That's funny. What costs more I? Think We Both know the answer to this I had are some rare sneakers. Yeah. I had some rare sneakers on man. Which Ones are these? The Jordan threes? Yes, they're the, the Legends ERs it Velvet of Summer. These are Justin Timberlakes. s Right here man. Nice. jts. Nice ERs. That Just paint or ERs. That. Why ERs it So it looks like it's got like an an interesting texture. No, they're just different fabrics. And different textures. Yeah. It ERs a different texture.

(33m 58s):
Yeah. 100% ERs it velvet. That's a great question. I'm not sure what the actual texture ERs was it for before. I'm not, I'm not good with textures. I just know That. That has love textures a of different I. Do love textures. You're right. I like different textures. And that's why I love these shoes. That and I know Justin Turbo. That's my Dog. Yeah dude. The the sneaks. Jordan threes retro threes. My Dog Harry Clark HC the great ERs. You know Heights legend Cleveland Heights. He's Got a Fun theme going on right now. We're wearing retros for every game. So this week will be retro fours. So be on the lookout man. I, don't know which ones I'm gonna wear yet. I'm gonna dude, go ahead. And. See, I'm sure.

(34m 38s):
See what exclusives I can find And. Either my closet or online real quick. And then throw a fit together for it. But join along Chiefs Kingdom. If you want to join us, we're rocking fors this week. Make Sure Harry gets me some shoes in for a couple weeks when I'm up there. Nice, Nice I. Think it's week five. Yeah, don't leave me out. Don't leave me Out. Make sure he GET you some, some fives, some raising bull fives or something. Some sweet. So you're just gonna keep stepping the numbers up. Yeah. Every how? How high do the Jordans go? What number ERs It? They're still going. What number are we at now? I Think Like 30 something. I don't know ERs 86 was the first year. So you do the math. So Every year it's a new model. New Jordan. They don't ever do two models in a year. It's always one year. One. One Jordan per year.

(35m 18s):
One Jordan with the number on it. Like the Jordan 20 twos. The Jordan 25 Year within the Jordan. 20 twos. There's different ones. That happened within That year. But those are all Jordan 20 twos. Yeah. I. Think those are called Team Jordans. But there's, they come out with a whole bunch of different like types of shoes now. So I don't know how it's all Don. I just know I'm a fan of the retros more than anything and it's been fun rocking them for the first three weeks. ERs the pants being shorter than the shoes ERs. That. Yeah. Flooding. That's it's in now. Yeah, that's the style Suit. Suit. Yeah. Floodings in. Yep. Floodings in Abby. My suit and tie. Who determines what's in And? What's not in However ever you wanna rock your shit dude.

(35m 59s):
I really don't, don't care what's in, what's not in I. Just go out there. And. I have fun wearing some shit. That I think looks cool. I wanted to I wanted I wanted to flood because I thought I had some cool shoes on. I mean it Looks great. I'm not knocking the look. I just like, it feels like designers, like they kind of like gravitate towards like specific themes a lot of the time. Yes. Whatever you want your That line to be. Either Way it looks good. I do know That. Yeah man. I Wish I played ERs good ERs. I felt Alright, right? Well. That does it for Bristol. Connecticut Storylines. Yeah. That does it. High The evening with Scott Van PhET bringing donuts. Got some donut holes. Apple Cider Nice, SVPs S V P bringing some donuts, picking it up.

(36m 41s):
It was like it was a, it was Orchard Donut holes. Apple cider Dude. A classic Feel on East Coast. Did you, did you Feel all those cool ass ESPN commercials when We were kids? Did you feel like you were in one of those commercials? Like did you see Mascots running around? No, it's not cool. Did you see other famous, it's definitely cooler in the commercial athletes, but it Was I I saw a couple personalities. Nice S B N Personalities, but that's about it. Yeah. That I just pretty much did the show. Watched Football tried to give my perspective on Football. I was watching and hung out with a bunch of dudes.

(37m 23s):
Love That for you. Right Nice. All Right Well. Moving on to week three storylines. Let's move on and talk about some of the biggest storylines coming outta week three in the NFL. start with the Eagles game for all our affiliate. 92 Percenters tuning in. Oh Eagles 15 Saints 12. A Nailbiter ERs Well. And a bit of controversy at the end. Jason, initial thoughts. Well. At one point We had 300 yards of offense and zero points. Damn. Which was crazy. Yeah. I mean, listen, they defense. The defense showed up. And played fantastic. It was actually awesome to watch. They, they came out, there's a lot more five down looks, which they've been better in all year.

(38m 7s):
And the Saints were the number one offense coming into the week. And the defense. I mean they played fantastic. Jalen Carter was a menace. Jordan Davis got a sack. Zach Bond was playing in the box. He's playing on the line of scrimmage. They were I mean. It was just such a awesome bounce back game for those guys. And, you know, Vic had 'em coming. It was a, it was an impressive game by the defense offensively. It was an impressive game. They just, again, turnovers, you know, had some failed Fourth down conversions, block punt. I mean when you really think about it between all That stuff, it's kind of remarkable. That We did end up winning the game. I don't Know. It's impressive man. They, They, they had almost 500 yards of offense or, or did. So I guess on the bright side they stopped turning the ball over and they start playing, you know, less, more disciplined and less mistakes.

(38m 57s):
Critical mistakes. They're gonna I mean the game shouldn't have been close. And this ERs a team That had blown out the first two opponents by double digits. So I think it's a lot of looking at it with the positive, but it's also like Hey. We gotta GET this fixed. Guys, Let's pick up where we left off last week with the Eagles fans being mad about fourth down calls. At least that's what the rave was online. The Eagles were down three nothing and it was fourth and one with 14 seconds left in the first half. Birds fake the took the tush. Push Little fake tush B The birds fake the tush. Push And hand it off to Saquon. Who gets stop short.

(39m 37s):
Unfortunately. Yeah, I It's tough man. That's, that's the, that's the game. You play it, it ERs when you're going forward on fourth it where it ERs. It ERs mean the Falcons. We just played the Falcons, they went forward twice on fourth down and late in the game. And didn't Get it. I know and I think they were both fourth and manageable. Right or at least Yeah the last one was The last one for sure. I think this one was was hard 'cause there's only 14 seconds left. And, you just Wondery like even if you Get it, you GET like maybe one trigger situation from like the 10 or something like That, like where you have to throw it in the end zone ERs it worth the risk in That situation. The reason the fourth down decisions are being cri criticized 'cause they haven't been working. Yeah, that's the end of the day. They did work in 2022 and they helped us Get to a Super Bowl and Nick Siri, like he has seen firsthand how much going for it on fourth down can help and improve your chances at winning a game.

(40m 29s):
Obviously when it's not working it does the opposite. And these are the unfortunate circumstances you live by ERs a head coach making these decisions. It's hard. Yeah. You know I thought Ryan Clark said it really good yesterday when I was with him too. I like being the aggressor I just do I like kind of having the ball in my hands. I will say it feels right now That, the the Points league wider down offenses are scoring less points. It feels like points are at a premium. So I don't know how That changes these analytical metrics on like a per season basis. Right. Yeah, like we're only three weeks in, but across the league people aren't putting up ERs. Many points. All of these games have been pretty low scoring.

(41m 10s):
You know, maybe take some points and maybe That changes what these metrics are. But even the fourth and one with the fake little kind of QB snake people are like, That was against the analytics, the analytic, it was like 51.3% to 49%. Like you ain't finding better odds than That on a roulette table putting it on on red. Like it's Still like, hold on now, hold on now, hold on. Yeah, yeah. You know, hold on now you Know I know about the odds on the roulette table. So like the reality ERs Well Well, this one I GET this one I. Think with the way the time was I. Think That. They probably should have just, and also they got the ball coming outta half. So like when you c compound the fact That, we Get it coming outta half. Let's just, let's take the points. Let's Get some momentum. I mean easier said from where I'm at now.

(41m 52s):
That, it didn't work. 'cause I know what's going in Nick's head. I what I think ERs I haven't talked to him like we ran That fake quarterback sneak handoff against Washington last year. I think it was I. Think it was Washington and it ended up being an explosive Right because they, they sell out to try and stop the QB sneak. It just, it didn't work. And I'm thinking in in, in the back of my head, it's like maybe we're not just converting here. Maybe he thinks That we'll sneak a touchdown out. We still have a timeout. We should at least GET the first down. But with where the game was at at That point, it's three. Nothing. You know, it's low scoring. Take the points. It's even game you GET the ball coming outta at halftime. But I say go for it.

(42m 34s):
I love it. Gosh. See this ERs why you're Better than me. Funny this ERs why you're Better than me. This ERs why you're a better man. You say screw it. I'm putting my nuts on the line. Fuck. Gosh, I love it. I, I want fucking tudies man. I don't want to fucking settle for three and then GET the ball ball. Andy's Been kicking a lot of fuel goals. Andy's been kicking a lot. Well. I'm, I'm Mad at That either I'll take, I'll take fucking points. This ERs why This ERs why Travis doesn't call plays. You know, it's what it ERs. I I Trust Andy with everything. 'cause he does all the, he does all the work in terms the in to make those kind of decisions. s Right And coach Siri That was was in quote saying I called to play. Kellen did not. So he, he owned up to it And and made sure That Hey, listen this ERs just how I coach this ERs.

(43m 14s):
This ERs my style of Football And. It's won us a lot of games. And you know, unfortunately it, it ended That 15 play drive 78 yards ended in, in nothing before half. But at the same time it's like I just love the mentality of of going for on fourth I. Just do, yeah, I, I, And. And you guys have the horses and the, and everybody involved. That can, That can Get the job. Fucking Don. Yeah, it's what it ERs I like giving the ball to Saquon Barkley on fourth and one I just like I. Like it sounds really good in my head. Yeah. If it's fourth or one, we're not giving it. We're we're, we're usually tush pushing it. This was a outlier. Whatever it ERs. I, you know, tush push Nice Nice like giving Saquon Barkley the ball anytime in the game, let alone when when We need one yard.

(43m 58s):
They Should have gotten him involved way earlier. And, that's one of the downsides of the RPOs. But bottom line, Nick has had a lot of success in this league being risky. The last two ERs, I think there's been a number of instances That have stuck out. But ultimately it's one of those things you live by the sword. Die by the sword. I love the confidence. I love how I've seen it work in our favor and I. Just think you know I know Nick And I know how much time he puts into this And. I. Just think That by And large he ERs making better decisions than most coaches. I really believe. That I watch other guys late in game. Did you know about game management? Clock management?

(44m 38s):
I just I. Think Nick ERs still one of the better coaches in the league at That. And I know the decisions haven't gone right? I know this one. Like he, it didn't work out. The one coming outta half didn't work Out. Still found a way to win the Football game. Baby I still got faith. I'm still riding with Nick I. Really I mean, you know, That I know you a team guy like That ERs there. Anything more frustrating than a 15 play fucking drive That ends in nothing though it ERs just A kick in the balls. It's just, it's just straight to the balls. Like god damn Saquon Barkley and Dallas Goddard saved the day. The Eagles had 200 And 84 yards of offense by the end of the third quarter and zero points.

(45m 19s):
But everything changed in the fourth quarter. Saquon ended the game with a hundred And 47 yards of his own and two Ts and the Eagles were once again glad they called That guy David Hey. You, you wanna them come over to the Philadelphia Eagles and we really, we really think we could use you. He Had all of it in the second half. They gotta GET him involved earlier. They have to And this ERs one of the problems. Or They just have to eventually GET him involved and he ERs and you guys are good. That one. I Get. Maybe he's gonna be, if he's gonna be That good in the second half, maybe We should hold him to the second half. I didn't think about it. That way point the Warns a little Bit. You know, no I think that's one of the downsides of the RPOs. I feel like ERs a lot of the times you can think you're calling these run plays, but based on the way the res happen, it just doesn't end up manifesting ERs opposed to like, just like the calling a run, its, I'd like to see them GET saan like dedicated touches earlier to make sure That he's getting opportunities.

(46m 16s):
Dude, sometimes those, sometimes those run pass options keeps backers and safeties outta the box though man it ERs what it ERs They do. And maybe That did make it like, listen, the RPOs didn't work in the first half. They were really bad, but who knows how That affected them in the second half. Maybe they're still thinking about the RPO. Maybe they're still more hesitant to come downhill because We do That. Yeah, the RPOs have been successful in the past for I. Think early on we gotta Get Sequan the ball a little bit more. I do believe That, he did reach a top speed of 21.66 miles per hour on a six five yard road. For anybody. For anybody. That had any question about That ERs moving. Yeah, he ERs a move. 65 yards, 10 half Him down. It didn't look like anybody could catch him on That one.

(46m 57s):
He was second fastest play by a ball carrier this season. Man. I Wondery. Who the first one ERs And. You brought it up. Dallas. Dallas had a fucking, has had a fantastic game with AJ going down then Smitty going down late. It's like, dude, come on Bubba. We, we need you. 10 receptions, a hundred And, 70 yards Well. He had a big play in the first half before Smitty went down. What do you call it when you're like going for a sail and then you do like a throwback? What's That called? Like on a boot play? You know, like on a boot how you would like go over and sail back out But it but you, you act like you're doing That but like convert it and you do a throwback. You know what I mean? It's like a fake Sale. Sounds like, sounds like a fake sail. Throwback ERs, That what it's called, Color whatever the fuck you wanna call it.

(47m 42s):
He got wide ass open on it though. I know exactly what you're talking about. It was a great round. He had a bunch of big time catches like you were saying. Yeah. Had the ridiculous 30 yard one-handed catch in the fourth That was I mean I. Love seeing That guy have success every single year at Tight End U or whenever I see him out in Philly man it's just, he's just, he's such a good dude and he works his ass off and he ERs, he's a very, like, he gets put in some tough po when I say tough positions like one-on-one with a corner, one-on-one with a db, one-on-one in the run game with a defensive lineman. You know, one of the be like yeah pass pro whatever it ERs. He's all around. He Does it All. He does everything. Yeah you need, and the ultimate utility guy for That offense man, he just Don don't think he gets enough credit for what he ERs been for the Eagles man.

(48m 26s):
Couldn't agree more. He's been very underappreciated I. Think on the national scale. I think Philadelphians realize it, but I know the Eagles do. Yeah. And then obviously the, the game clinching reception with one 16 left to play. We're down 12 seven. Jalen connects with Dallas on a 61 yard. Scamper That, the Eagles GET down to the four yard line. It was a obviously a little bit of a kind of like on the defensive side running into each other. Sometimes you need That though. A fucking catchy jingle, man.

(49m 5s):
Sometimes you need That though. And. This ended up being an awesome play for the Eagles and they connected and ended up winning the game off of it. C CJ Garner Johnson. Y'all favorite dbs Couldn't chase a tight end down. What you Trying to say? CJ I think he's trying to say their dbs are slow or ERs trying to say ERs. He trying to say tight ends are slow. The tight ends are slow. That's what he's saying. Do you think you could outrun cj? No. No. Resounding I could GET Just enough separation for just enough time to catch the ball, though. The, the found way to GET it Don. And, but the highlight of the night was the defense. It was a defensive battle. Yeah. It's a huge bounce back game for those guys. Yeah. It was a low scoring game and the defense was put in a lot of positions where they had to bow up and boy did they.

(49m 50s):
Yes they did. I to put up a combined 91 points total the first two weeks. And the Eagles are coming off of just a bad performance against the Falcons where they ran outside zone to the two man surface at Will Well. Like What was the score? The score wasn't high because they did a good job in the red zone. Which Well I mean. That's what it matters about Well. That's A good, yeah, that's, They also gave up a big two minute drive to lose I mean it was a bad performance by the D It's one of those where you turn on the tape and you're like, man, We gotta fix this. Run defense now. Yeah, But they did. They did. They bowed up three yards per carry. Dude. It was against Alvin Kamara and this rushing attack. That had been killing people.

(50m 31s):
They just I, don't I, forget how many yards they put up against Dallas, but they torched Dallas on the ground. Six tackles for loss, a sack and interception re Blankenship who was officially sealed the victory for the Eagles. There was a minute left on the clock. Eagles up 15, 12. Derek car throws a deep pass to and Blinken ship just, you know, makes a fucking play. Sometimes you just need a big play from your dbs, man. No doubt. And sure enough, he showed up, baby, but it was Jalen Carter. Everybody saw it. He was the one. That was just absolutely just wrecking the game on Sunday and played 51 of the 58 Snaps guy. Just a workhorse. Three pressures, two Hurs, one Q B A hit two passes, batted down, four stops, whatever any of That means.

(51m 17s):
He was out there fucking causing havoc they could have blocked. And he earned the highest PFF grade of any D tackle this year. Oh, Nice. He's got a good agent. Nice Well. Well Don. They couldn't block him. I mean he was in the backfield all game long. It didn't matter whether it was the guard. A tackle. Yeah, he was Big down pin to block him. Havoc in the backfield. He was talking trash. He was fired up. The energy was there. You could tell he announced it That week. He had said I played like trash. And then he goes out there And just I mean. Yeah, it's like Hey. Come on now. Bba. It's the opposite of what I did. Hey I played like trash. And.

(51m 57s):
Stop. I gonna Get it. Right. You know, I'm gonna I'm gonna GET it. Right, don't worry then I go out there. And just play like trash again. Yeah. Playing, winning Football. It's not trash, but it ERs It could be better either way. I hear you though, man. He, he And. You could tell at the end of the game he was still fired up. Dude, We need him. We need this every week, Bubba. Unfortunately, even though you guys got the win, a few, a few injuries. Lane Johnson went down, unfortunately in the first half. And offensive lineman, Fred Johnson came in for Lane after not having played a snap in three ERs. And held it down against a pretty damn good. Not just Fred defensive Defensive line. Fred Mackay, Beckton went down, ERs Well in the game, and Tyler Ste had to go in early.

(52m 39s):
I mean Steen might he, he might've played the best out of every I mean they all the the, the offensive line, they all played fantastic. Ste and Fred got it Don and to be thrown in there in the middle of the game, That ain't easy. It's big time man. That ERs big time Before in past ERs when Lane would go down, it would, it would cripple us like Lane. It was such a huge piece of our offense and actually against the Saints, like We, like Cam Jordan I can remember specifically giving us issues. When Lane Johnson went down, big Fred, he has been quietly to the public, not known, but everybody watching him and do his business in the NovaCare complex has known this guy has come a long way.

(53m 21s):
That's awesome man. Tyler Stein, he's injured in OTAs. He gets injured in training camp. He can't GET his ankle, right? Makay Beckham plays Well. He becomes the start your What's he do? He just keeps working. And the opportunity comes and he answers it. He played fantastic. He moved his feet. Well, he shot his hands. Well, he played with good leverage. It was both those guys, all the guys up front play. Fantastic. It was a, it was a masterful performance from the O line. Couldn't be more proud of those guys. Nice man, Well, we know they're, they got one of the best coaches in the game leading them, so I'm sure. Yeah, stout, he's got them boys rocking And and Well prepared whether or not they're start or not.

(54m 1s):
Unfortunately, you guys got hit with Devonte Smith taking That shot and it was a tough, tough one. Man did Of course I saw it. Everyone in the world saw it. Man. It's tough man. Defensive guys kind of holding you up. You're fighting for extra yards sometimes you want to Get down And, you just can't GET down ERs fast ERs you can and I think it's just guys playing ball. I didn't think it was too dirty of a hit, but at the same time, any, it was an aggressive shot. It's one of those shots where if you're a teammate, you're fucking pissed off. Yeah. If you're out there, you're like, let's fucking go. And you saw the answer, the quote with CJ DJ after the game, man, that's the dirtiest shit I ever saw in Football. Like you could tell the team was rattled by it and it lit a fire under their ass.

(54m 42s):
Which I mean? They, it sucks when you see a guy, especially a guy, so ERs good ERs, Devonte, like just a great dude, like just a Dog And to to, to have That happen. It just, it's gonna eat at you. And I think, you know, I don't look at it like That when you're not on the field. Like it did look like the guy was playing to the echo of the whistle. If anything I think it's on the refs, you gotta stop the play earlier. His forward progress was definitely, Yeah, like come on now, what are we doing? Blow it dead. But depending, one I kind of GET because he pushed slate out bounds like towards the bench. Like come on, you know, you're out of bounds. But at the end of the day, I kind of like when guys play to the echo whistle and play through it. That's what I'm telling my team to do. Honest.

(55m 22s):
That's what I'm telling my team to fucking Do. Just being honest, like I'm not I don't like it if I'm the Eagles, but if I'm a coach, I'm telling guys to play to the echo of the whistle. Not go people's heads. Don don't shit. That's What That guy was trying to do by any I. Don't think you was like, you're not trying to hurt people. Didn't it didn't seem Right. Yeah, but it's important in Football to play like what happens if he doesn't? Not like nine top ERs outta 10. That's not gonna be a concussion. Like he's gonna hit Devonte hard And. What happens if you force a fumble? That's how you play defense. You play until the play's over. Yeah. Right. So, but it's all That being said, if I'm out there, I'm fucking pissed. I, hear you Well. Hopefully Devonte's doing good today. You Hate to see it hit man. Lane I.

(56m 2s):
Hope they're both the head stuff ERs. You know, it sucks. Next week the Eagles have the bucks in Tampa. The Bucks And Eagles are both two And. One last time they played was Of course in the playoffs last season. Jason remembers, unfortunately, what do you on Eagle need? Do That to me? Sorry. Yeah, Asshole Just fucking could throwing daggers at you. Jason remembers it. ERs His last I. I deserve all the daggers. I can GET Bucks and the Eagles are both two in one. Baker Mayfield over there has 'em playing pretty good. He ERs they struggled a little bit this last week to Denver But. yeah, Last time they played was Of course the playoffs last season. What did the Eagles need to do to keep this momentum? Well I think they gotta try and keep limiting the turnovers.

(56m 43s):
They gotta, their offense has been great this year. It's, it's like towards the top and like every metric there ERs and unfortunately it's towards the top in turnovers. And. They gotta capitalize on their opportunities and they gotta play smarter in those situations. And, it's the one thing right now holding this team back from being a great team, especially offensively ERs. That. Yeah. S will kill you man. Yeah, It's the N I'm, everybody knows I'm stating the obvious. Yeah. The other thing That, I'm being in interested to watch ERs are Devonte, And, AJ Healthy this week. Like do We Get, AJ back does Devonte Clear protocols? Don don't know where those guys are at. Yeah. But we played the Bucks last year in That playoff game without AJ Brown.

(57m 25s):
They played like a six one front all game. Like they're basically playing goal line defense in the middle of the field. That ERs hard to GET a run game going against six one. You gotta have guys, That could win. Like it just ERs. I'm just being honest, like, bro, We gotta We gotta win some matchups. If they're going with six one boys, let's go. Todd Bowles ERs gonna have some stuff lined up. Dude, he's Todd ERs and he's still doing it. I re I. Respect Todd Bowles so much for the coordinator. And the, like he ERs the master at doing. He's, He's never made my job easy. It sucks. He has all of these things. That, he knows he likes, he has the corner Cats, That he likes, especially for teams. That are underneath, he has the diamond, the bear front That he likes, he has the six one front That.

(58m 7s):
He likes he, he has all of these catalog. He has the AAA blitz where he ERs gonna bring both guys inside the AAP with the nose guard head up over the center shotgun. He has all of these things in his arsenal and he ERs gonna find ways to do it in a different way. But it's like, oh he's just really doing this. That's, yeah, you know what I Mean? Like he, he Knows the, the biggest thing ERs I feel like he knows how to, he knows how to slow offenses down. Yes. Week by week. Yes. So this week ERs gonna be completely Don. Don't wanna say completely different, but he's gonna, he's gonna teach us defense. It's be different, have different mental And It last week. He's gonna have a different mentality against this Eagle's offense, you know, and it's gonna be different depending on who's available. Yeah. We know one guy ERs gonna have to, he's gonna have to try and contain and that's Saquon Barkley it, it's, it's, he has over 400 yards of offense in three games.

(58m 56s):
Which ERs? Which ERs pretty fucking good if you ask me. And, he didn't Get going until the second half last week, but once he got going he was flying in high speeds. And That leads us to our LeBron stat of the game against the Saints and That ERs. Saquon Barkley's five touchdowns are tied for most for an Eagles player in first three games of the season. The Sean McCoy last to do it in 2011. His 300 And 51 yards rushing our second most in first three games. And that's also McCoy who had 395 in 2013. Nice. Shout out to San Juan for getting some crazy stats. That really don't mean much other than he ERs playing really good Football.

(59m 39s):
Yeah, He's balling and I'm excited to watch this game. Obviously the playoff game didn't go the Eagles way. Both of these teams are a lot different. Both of them are probably better than they were at the end of last year, so it'll be fun to watch. That's for dang sure.

(59m 52s):
This episode of new Heights ERs brought to you by UNITED Airlines. Like I mentioned last week, I fly UNITED for work. So I can tell 92 Percenters firsthand That UNITED ERs transforming the flying experience for every passenger. UNITED has screens at every seat. Bigger overhead bins who everyone's bags fit. You God love That. And they also happen to have the best airline app in the world. Trav, I, gotta be honest. Talking about UNITED, AKA Varney Airlines again ERs making me want to go down another Wikipedia rabbit hole. Let's see what else we can find out about UNITED. Yeah, let's see this UNITED ERs headquartered in the Willis Tower in Chicago. Oh, that's Nice. Formerly the Sears Tower. Time out. It's not the Sears Tower anymore. Nope. Who's Willis ERs? Willis a person or ERs That a company The way it's spelled I. Think Willis ERs a person. It looks like A person. Yeah. The UNITED Airlines fleet consists of 972 mainline aircraft. Mm. Making it the second largest commercial airline fleet in the world. Nice. All right. The pre-merger UNITED logo, commonly nicknamed The Tulip was developed in the early 1970s by the designer Saul Bass ERs part of a new brand image. It's a LeBron Sta if I've ever heard one. Yeah. Alright right now. 90. Your two Percenters. Make sure you go ahead and download the UNITED app or head to UNITED dot com to book your next trip. That's S right. Again, go to UNITED dot com or download the UNITED app to book your next trip.

(1h 1m 20s):
Let's shout out our sponsor. It's not the mathematicians Dog, it's not the cattle ranchers Dog like this. It's not the plumber's s Dog, it's the farmer's s Dog. Every day more Dog people and more vets are quitting the kibble, kicking the cans and feeding their dogs. That's s right. Actual Dog food. That's Well actually food. It's smart, healthy pet food you can feel good about and the best option for your dog's life of all life stages. From puppy to a super senior because it's not kibble, it's not canned. Go. It's just real healthy food. How about That. Traditional drying wet food options are highly processed. Yeah. That means they use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to. They're liars and they're extremely difficult to portion accurately. The farmer's. s Dog ERs pre-portioned specifically for your Dog and based on their unique nutritional needs. AKA better The farmer's s Dog fresh food has been found to have all sorts of benefits for dogs from healthier coats. And skin to better breath. Everyone hates s Dog breath even easier digestion. And, smaller, better poops. 92% are. start investing in your dog's health today. Visit The Farmer Dog dot com slash new Heights for 50% off your first box Plus, you get FREE shipping. That's The Farmer Dog dot com slash new Heights or scan this QR code on the screen.

(1h 2m 49s):
Now Other news around the league. Week three round of after three weeks, there's five remaining undefeated teams. How about That. Yes sir. Those teams are Steelers, Vikings, Seahawks Chiefs, And. The Bills. Bill's probably the most. Oh my gosh. Monday Night That was an impressive game by the Bills. They're rolling Right now, man. I Love what Joe Brady's doing, how much he's moving 'em around. I talked about the I love when teams are in shotgun. And Andy does this a lot too, with these like motions and move in the back. Like it's hard when you're living in shock in the back. It's too stagnant. Makes it harder on everything. And they move James Cook all over the place. They're motion in people. They lost four or five receivers from last year.

(1h 3m 29s):
They're spreading the ball around and somehow Josh Allen's playing better. Joe Brady ERs. It's been very impressive. Other teams undefeated the Seahawks leading the NFC West by two games. Who would've thunk 49 ERs? One and two. Rams one and two. The Seahawks have I mean they just blew out a Dolphins team that's obviously hurting without Tua. But needless to say, I, don't think anybody through the first three games expected the Seahawks to be leading That division. The other one that's a little bit unexpected, not on defense. The Steeler's defense has been unbelievable. The last I mean ever since Tomlin's been there, they have been able to hang their head on That. Especially when TJ Watts healthy Big Cam Hayward's clogging up the middle, they're Three and oh, they're still playing.

(1h 4m 10s):
Great defense. The difference ERs now they're having a quarterback in Justin Fields. Who's playing better than he ERs ever played? ERs it Arthur Smith. Maybe it's just a new scenery, man. Sometimes you just need, maybe it's need to change the scenery, man. GET the thing. Whatever it ERs. You can't say That. It's, it's not Russell Wilson. You heard him give him the game ball last week. Yep. When they beat Denver. Who knows? He did. How close That That group ERs. And. How And, how Russell's been able to influence Justin And. How he's playing you. It's, it's probably a mixture of it all. If I'm, if I were to assume something, but yeah, he's playing, he's playing Lights out And. He ERs making, he's making the Steelers a fun team to watch man. A lot of big plays. He's Playing the way you should play the defense ERs third defense ERs. So good. Just you don't gotta be a game manager, but don't, don't do anything stupid.

(1h 4m 53s):
Don't go out there and lose the game. And you can tell he ERs playing more poise. He's playing more controlled. It's been impressive for Justin Fields, especially this last week. Sam Donald. Yeah. What the heck ERs going on with the Vikings Dude, Sam's a fucking Dog. I'm not, I've, I've been pretty high on Sam I know he had his woes in in Carolina and whatnot. I've been a huge fan of Sam Darnell's I. Think he's got great instincts. I think he's got a big arm. I. Think he ERs a smart player. And I always thought he was a gamer. I thought he was a gamer when he was at USC. You are not the first person who's told me this. I've heard this from coaches And, other players around the league. There've been a lot of people. That have always thought Sam Donna was a good quarterback just waiting for the Right opportunity. And, he's getting it this year with the Vikings.

(1h 5m 34s):
But the real story outside of what I mean, it's on both sides. Their offense has been unbelievable. Kevin O'Connell and Sam Donald got the, has been the match made in heaven. But defensively I mean Brian Flores, he's like putting quarterbacks in like the Twilight Zone. Like they just look like you see Brock pretty go up to him after the game, like telling him his game's crazy. You see CJ St. Strau on the sideline like a deer in headlights. He ERs doing stuff Right now on the back end and upfront mixing in dime personnel. He's playing a lot of too high. He's blitzing a lot. Yeah. He blitzing with soft zone coverages where like you think you could take a shot. I.

(1h 6m 14s):
It's just I Really? They're, they have a lot of really good dbs. Yeah, they have guys, That can do multiple things on defense. Yeah. Their linebackers are fast ERs. Hell they're they're very good in coverage. They can also hit the gaps. Yeah. They got a lot of like, just great players. And, they fit That scheme right now. They stay healthy. They're going to be a problem. I. Especially if Sammy Deacon keeps slinging the thing around like That I was Happy we played him early last year. It felt like they were still finding the rhythm with Brian. But I haven't paced. Junior dude, he was a rookie last year outta Cincinnati. Cincinnati's finest baby. Like little Bobcat I was like, dude, what ERs ERs this dude, dude, I can't GET my hands on him. Me neither. And when I do, he ERs like going. I'm like, what ERs happening right Now? It was the same thing. I had the same reaction when I was playing against him.

(1h 6m 54s):
Man, I couldn't GET my fucking hands inside on him. Man, fast dude plays Well plays low. Yes. It's like awkward to block him. I hate That. Good player man. Good job playing lights out for Yeah. Flos defense right now. What's job? Everybody on the Vikings, they, who's more impressive right now than Vikings or what the bills did. They might be the Most Impressive through three weeks, huh? What Do you think? Neck and neck? Yeah. Yeah. I mean when you watch 'em on film, you're like, Okay. This Okay. Yeah. These guys are, Yeah, they're, they're clicking early season going Well for 'em. They're, they're playing Well together. Sounds fun. And also just ERs everybody expected. Andy Dalton ERs one of the best quarterbacks in the league. I mean Andy Dalton I can't say enough good things about him. The guy won me a free car. I. I've known this for ERs, I think, what was it, 2017, 2018 Pro Bowl down in Orlando.

(1h 7m 40s):
Yes. I. Think We threw the ball like fucking 10 times. And Andy Dalton That threw it twice to me for a whopping 30 yards. And a touchdown. He threw a deep cross to me. And. Yeah. I walked away with the offensive M V P of That game. And. When you win the offensive m V p you win a free car. Still got That Hyundai Genesis. Actually, I Thought you were giving That to Aunt Judy. You never GET That Aunt Judy. No, she didn't want it. Oh, Okay Shout at Dan Judy. A hell of a game by Andy I mean what? What, what more do you want? 300 yards. Three touchdowns. Only player in the NFL this season with 300 passing yards. And. Three. Three passing tds in a single game. So, yep, he's doing, he ERs doing something right over there.

(1h 8m 21s):
I think Coach Canales had the last laugh. I think he, they faced a lot of people really trashing the Panthers me included last week. You know, it's like I. Don't know That. Anybody's gonna be successful there. They just don't have a lot of the pieces. They don't have a lot of the thing, yada yada yada. Hey got my face. Andy Dogg goes out there and has 319 yards, three touchdowns. Turns out he was better to go out there. And play ERs coach had stated Ian Rappaport reported the Panthers are expected to start Bryce Young again this season with the benching of the number one pick viewed ERs a break or timeout more than anything. They believe he can still be the guy.

(1h 9m 4s):
I don't know That I. Believe That tweet I mean, what do you want a guy to do? You want him to just start him? If Andy Dalton isn't going for 300 yards and three tds every single game. Like what? That. That doesn't make any fucking sense. I maybe I, GET, I GET. You want to keep the guys, you know, confidence And not give up on 'em completely. But you can't state That. You're going to start em again. Like, 'cause if Andy Dalton keeps playing like this, why the fuck would you start? That's why this doesn't read right to me. It's like you can't say like, he'll he's gonna start again this season. That's a weird, That's a weird thing. right? If I'm and Dalton, I'm like Time out I just balled out What, what And maybe it, it understand reported That. Maybe it got reported weird from Rappaport I understand them saying, you know, we still believe in them.

(1h 9m 50s):
We're just giving 'em some space And time to GET better potentially. Yeah. But this reads more because of the way it's worded. It reads more like Hey, we're gonna preserve this guy's trade value because We don't want anybody else to think we've given up on him. That's what it sounds like, right? I mean? Come on. You're not, you can't seriously say we're gonna start him for sure again this season with Andy Dalton going out and doing That. Unless they don't believe in Andy either. I believe in Andy. There were a couple of wild finishes in the late afternoon. Slate. Rams got their first win of the season in with an incredible 27, 24 comeback win against the 49 ERs. 21 7 midway through the third quarter. Yeah. So I mean Matthew Stafford.

(1h 10m 33s):
He can still sling it. ERs good ERs anybody man, Anybody. No I mean he he was my Dog DeMarcus Robinson out there. Yeah. Mo Baby Dro. Fuck I love Dro I missed That guy. Man, This ERs a crazy game too with all the injuries That both of those teams have had. It was almost like the preseason week three game, half of the roster was out there start for both teams. Like all of the star players have been just like decimated. Not On the Niners defense. That's true. Niners defense still had some ERs. ERs the horse ERs moving the Rams offensive line has hurt. Their skill positions are down. I mean it's yeah for them to persevere and come back 21 to seven. Pretty sure Sean McVay was pretty happy with That one Ravens also narrowly escaped a crazy cowboys comeback.

(1h 11m 18s):
We talked about this a little bit on the Monday night show. The Ravens when they're playing Well, they're so good. It's, It's Intimidating They let 'em back in with just again penalties, And, you know, kind of just being undisciplined. This should not have been a close game. The difference ERs this time they got the ball back with a four minute drill and Lamar Jackson called game like he just was like, yeah, I'm Don messing around. Boom. Ba bang ba ba. Game over. See ya. Derrick Henley. Henry Finally got going. 151 yards, two touchdowns. Jerry Jones was asked why the Cowboys didn't pursue him. He said we couldn't afford him. That's a good reason not to pursue him there. Go Jerry Jones. That's a good reason. Yeah, That makes sense. I think that's why probably a lot of people didn't pursue him but it work out this last game.

(1h 12m 2s):
Cowboys gotta figure out the run defense. It's the second week in a row. They've been run on kind of at will by both teams. Either way it was an impressive performance with Derrick Henry and Lamar Jackson I think that's about it. T Trav, unless you got anything else to add. Yeah, That does it. No Dumb questions. Let's wrap up. the Show ERs always with a little bit of no dumb questions. She doesn't love a little no dumb questions. Alright Right. First up on the no dumb questions from Evie 23 on club 92 in recent press conference leading up to the week two game, Matt n said, Noah Gray ERs a you tight end and a why tight end. What does That mean? ERs Travis Kelsey the same. What do the letters mean? And, he mentions two tight end stuff.

(1h 12m 43s):
Does That mean in the routes play? What's he talking about from Australia? New to foot, new to the NFL. We'd say footy I think that's what they call Australian Football and a swifty. So you'll have to explain it like I'm five Okay Alright. right, so So you got it. Yeah. Tight ends. Typically in an offense like ours, we typically have one tight end out there. And, he ERs the Y when we're installing plays. So every every wide receiver has a A letter. Letter or a certain call. Yeah. We have a zebra, we have a z. We have a F, we have a We have a x. The zebra And, the U tight end are essentially the same player.

(1h 13m 25s):
We just swap out players. We swap out a wide receiver for a tight end. So when there's two tight ends on the field, you have your wide tight end which ERs your primary tight end. He's typically, he's the inline guy. He's the guy that's gonna have his hand in the ground when there's a two tight end set. But when there's one tight end on the field, the wide tight end, you're just the tight end. Yeah, It's the only tight end on the field so far. You're the only tight end on the field. So you can have your hand in the ground, you could be up in a And. And. The thing about tight end ERs, That, it doesn't matter whether you're the Y or the U, you're interchangeable. You can be anywhere on the field. In this offense specifically, correct Me if I'm wrong, but sometimes even like play specific, if they want you to be a specific tight end, you might be the U or the Y or they always make the formation specific to the U and the Y.

(1h 14m 11s):
'cause we'll do That especially like, like red zone stuff where you're getting to these crazy formations like it's like Hey, this person's the Y on this one. He's the F on this one. But you just kind of know where to line up. Yeah, I'm gonna try and explain it like, like they Five. Oh yeah, like they're five. Good point. Shut up Jason. The Y tight end ERs, the ma the main tight end and it And. When I say main tight end, it's when they're calling the play, it helps like organize the the formations, And, everything like That, the strength of for formations and just where guys line up. It's not necessarily the one guy does something better than the other. Noah Gray can block just ERs. Well ERs. He can run routes.

(1h 14m 52s):
You know he can run block or pass block just ERs, Well ERs. He can run routes against big guys or little guys. And it's the same with myself. It's the same with Jared Wiley. I think the the fun about playing in this kind of offense in Kansas City ERs That, the tight end gets to do everything and that's all I. Think Coach N's saying right here, ERs That, Noah Gray can do it all. That's exactly what he's Saying. He can do it all. We have him line We have Noah lined up at fullback. Tight end And split out in a wide receiver position. We have him doing everything because it's how hard the guy works and how good he ERs at playing Football and I. Think when N's talking about he's the you tight end and the wide tight end. He ERs just talking about we can move him all over the place. And still have success much.

(1h 15m 32s):
I'm not sure much if a 5-year-old can understand That. But. Yeah. I. I I know That. I'm gonna not talk about it 'cause I obviously can't explain to a five-year-old 'cause I'm a dumb ass from at Bar 22 on Twitter. What ERs or are your guilty pleasures shows something you are slightly embarrassed to admit. Embarrassed to admit. I. What am I Embarrassed? That. I. Watch. I don't, I'm not embarrassed. That. I. Watch anything. I don't care. You right kid. Judge me. Right I like what? I like Yeah, it ERs what it ERs. What ERs there? What would I be embarrassed about? I used to not tell everybody. That I was That. I watched Gossip Girl growing up You watched Gossip Girl should be embarrassed about That. Dude ERs so good though. Dude watched. If you watch it, you can Get it. You can GET in deep. You can GET in Deep. Are you talking about Gilmore Girls?

(1h 16m 13s):
What show ERs? Gossip Girls. No Gossip Girls Never Heard of, gosh, my guy. Chase Crawford. Blake Lively. Oh, Okay. Nice Shoot me. But I forget the rest of the names of the cast gossip course. It's I mean. It's awesome. It's like a high New York high school like show with a lot of drama and basically everybody gossiping And talking shit on each other. Which leads me to my new favorite show out. Right. Now And. That's Traitors dude. Have you, have you seen Traders Jason I I checked it out Of their stronger I. Was they We were talking about yesterday. Yeah, I was watching with Mom Adon because they were in town last week after the Monday night game. Oh, Nice. Yeah, they, they came for the Eagles game. Which, which episode did you watch the Season watched?

(1h 16m 54s):
Season one. I Haven't seen season two yet. I know. I Didn't even watch season one. I just went straight to season two. I'm excited after your recommendation, but season one, dude, so I've played That Game I actually played That game climbing Mount Kilimanjaro. So I'm familiar with it. It wasn't called Traders. We called it Mafia, but it's the same premise. Explain what traders ERs. Oh. So anyways, basically group of people, traders, mafia, whatever you wanna call it. You start with a group, group of people. A certain amount are gonna be declared bad guys of the group. Those bad guys are anonymous and it ERs the group's job to find out which people are the bad guys or the traitors in the Show.

(1h 17m 37s):
Yeah. And you do That by playing mind games, observing people's body language, accusing people And slowly. You kind of reveal information it so yeah, about through people. Because people are, some people are good at lying and some people suck at lying. Yeah. Put 'em on the hot seat baby. Every time. Every round. And for this, for traders, it's like every episode the, it's gonna start with the bad guys killing somebody. Or it's gonna start with the, the good guys voting who they think the Traitor ERs That person ERs gonna be kicked off and they're gonna say, Hey, I'm either a good guy or a bad guy. So you know how many of the bad guys Well, I.

(1h 18m 18s):
Guess in the Show you didn't. But usually you know how many bad guys are left after That happens, the bad guys decide That, they're gonna off somebody Kill 'em. Yeah. And then That person doesn't show back up to the show. Every round. The traders are getting rid of somebody. And every round the group ERs getting rid of somebody. And. It keeps going. And the group wins. If they find all the traders, the traders win. If one of them ERs remaining at the end, It's a hell of the Show. I. I I absolutely love. But I've only seen season two. I Heard Season one's just ERs good. There's also That one. There's also a British version. See Now I'm gonna be caught up in That. Yeah. And, That. British version ERs just like, kind of just like not familiar faces. Yeah. Like the American version. That. Everybody's like a familiar face in the American version. I Didn't know, I'll be honest, the American version season one was all like reality stars.

(1h 19m 2s):
I didn't know a single person other than Ryan Lockney. That was the only person I was familiar with on the show. Season Two's similar. There's a, there's a few others, but for the most part it's reality. TV game shows. Yeah. big brother was a bunch of 'em. Apparently in season one, The Challengers ct, my guy Johnny Bananas are in there. What? They're in the second season? Yeah. Oh, I can't wait to watch the second season. That's gonna be way better. Yeah, but the, the woman That won season one. I can't remember her name again, not wanna be in a relationship with her. She's playing circles with these people. s right. Well We just got from interim Brandon. He highly recommends the British version. Which ERs? Actually, Kylie And i's favorite show. ERs a British show. What's That?

(1h 19m 42s):
Two British shows. Actually. I. Guess we just like British shows. Well. Which ones? Great. British Bakeoff. Every time a new season comes out, We sit down. And. We watch That. I mean it's fantastic. Yeah. And Taskmaster highly recommend Taskmaster. It's on YouTube. It's also on the B. B C I Think. But I don't have the I. Don't know if I I don't know how That works. So I just watch on YouTube. But really good on That one. They kind of give 'em a bunch of like stupid things to do it. It works out for me because I got a DH. adhd. Yeah. But they give 'em a bunch of stupid activities to do. And then a bunch of funny people just do stupid stuff and then they make fun of each other. And. Then they just have a good time. Dude, you would fucking crush it on Traders Traitors. I. I'm terrible when I was on the mountain.

(1h 20m 22s):
I can't lie. You know, That, I'm, I'm an awful liar. Yeah. But sometimes using That to your advantage. But I'm not savvy enough. I'm just letting you know. Every time we were at the mountain, We did it one time. Clement Mount Kilimanjaro. I was the voted they Right away. They knew, they were like, Jason's a Traitor. And I was like, no, I'm not And. They're like, no, I'm not. ERs hilarious. But it ERs. It ERs funny to see everyone have to defend themselves when the entire table ERs pointing at them saying they're a Traitor. And to see how someone reacts under pressure, I fucking love it. And sometimes people just fucking fold. Gee, I'm taking notes. There's some people That say some stuff where you're like, wow, Yeah, that's a good one.

(1h 21m 4s):
And honestly, I I just wanna play the game. Like it's the Show, That I. Think I would have fun with. We're all going to KC for Thanksgiving because you guys play Friday Night. Right for Amazon. Jason. Yeah. I'm playing Football. I'm not worried about playing traders. No. But after the game, we can play Mafia Week. If I win, I'm in Jesus. Andy, can you please GET this guy going so That. I can fucking play Mafia with Travis. I. Think I I. Do think I'd be better ERs a faithful but I. Think That. I could Trav You would be good in either one of them. I. Think I. Think I could. If you can Be a a lead actor in a FX original series A lead actor's a fucking stretch.

(1h 21m 47s):
GET the fuck Outta Here. Lead Actor. Niecy ERs the lead. Alright. Right. Alright, right? Yeah. A lead. Not the lead. A Lead. Yeah. Nah, whatever. You're the bad guy. I'm a character I. Fucking know it. Alright, right? That does it for no dumb questions. Check out all those shows or don't. That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Make sure you subscribers on UN on YouTube to the new Heights channel. And. Follow new Heights on the Wondery App or wherever GET your podcast reminder. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and ad free right now by Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights ERs, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment And, brought to you by Buffalo Wild.

(1h 22m 33s):
Wings. Let's go Sports Bar. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. And, thank you to our production for always making us look way better than we are. And to the 92 Percenters. Thank you for tuning in this week. We'll see you next week after week four. Jason Hey Trav, how you feeling? That too, buddy. Nice Shirt. Good fellas. Classic. Who's your favorite good fella? My favorite good fella. I mean. Come on, Peshy. It's the best. It's electric. I a clown. Michael Am I funny like a Clown.

(1h 23m 13s):
You think I'm funny? I'm funny. Tell me, tell me how I'm funny. I'm the funny guy. Dude. That'd be a good movie to review too. What? Good fellas? Yeah. I feel like it's been reviewed a lot. Oh, You know what? I Wanna watch I? Wanna watch Biodome again? Biodome. There's no way That movie ERs good anymore. There's no way. All right. I was kind of getting hyped for it. I mean. I'll watch it. I Jason. It's not gonna be good though. Jason Did a fucking review on Twilight. That's a good point. Kidding. What if we just review? Are You, oh, it's a classic. That's a classic. But Biodome isn't Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.

(1h 24m 1s):
And. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.