
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Today, Audible's best 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top Audio books podcast in originals in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. Audibles curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2024 is best in audio entertainment, Like the year's best fiction, such as Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange, or The Woman by Kristen Hannah. Or If you're into Mysteries and thrillers, check out First Lie Wins by Ashley Elston. Or we Play Games by Sarah, a Denzel Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/new Heights. That's Right. That's audible.com/new Heights


monopoly. Go gives players a new way to experience the emotional and competitive rollercoaster of the legendary game. Make friends play together with friends and family, and watch your empire expand along with your fortune. In Monopoly. Go, friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together. The next, you're destroying their landmarks with a wrecking ball. Your best friends, then your bid rivals, then your best friends. Again, that's how the game Goes. But no matter how fickle the relationship is, one thing never changes in monopoly. Go. Your friends are your most valuable assets. So join your friends and download Monopoly. Go today. Free on the App Store or Google Play.


Were you always a golf guy? When did you get into the sport? God, what a setup that is. Were you always a golf guy? Golf guy? Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I did some, I did my share of exotic dancing. But then I


Welcome back to New Heights. Ladies and gentlemen, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by GOOGLE TV. This time How about it. Switching it up on you. Keeping it on your toes. Hey, No. more endless browsing Google. TV makes it easy to find what to watch. Thank. How About that? God, it's, I suck at finding things to watch. It is How? How many hours do you waste? Most annoying thing, literal get up. I'll get up off the tv, I'll just get up off the couch and be like, this is fucking too much. I am fucking done with this, this scrolling and this fucking nonsense that's coming across my tv. Why are you force feeding me shit? I don't even want to know That's on tv. There's just too much to choose from.


Yeah. Like there's, what's that? Isn't there like a consumer theory or something like that where like the If, you have too many choices. It becomes harder to make a decision. So you actually want less choices. 'cause it's easier to make a choice. I think that's a thing. There's like a whole, Somebody went to college, we're your fucking host. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother. It Jason Kelsey outta University of Cincinnati, Ohio. I about to go Bearcats, even though we're officially not in decision Fatigue. Greg, shut the hell up. We're trying to do this episode. Shout out ahead to Cincinnati, even though I don't think we're gonna be Vault eligible. We've been sitting at the, at the five wins. Say basketball's playing Villanova. Right. now How about it baby.


Hopefully we're getting the dubbed there. Shout out to the cats. Subscribe on YouTube or Wondery Plus, wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, why don't you tell the people we got an exciting one this time. No, I mean this is, this is probably the most exciting episode we may have ever done. This was electric. We got an incredible episode for you guys talking about you're not gonna wanna miss this one. We're gonna talk about the Chiefs Black Friday, Nailbiter, the Eagles winning the Bird Bowl. But first we're gonna get into some, a little bit of that new, new, well, actually, before we get into that, we have an incredible guest waiting for you guys. They're probably gonna put out a promo so I don't even have to act like it's a surprise at this point. Yeah. We have Bill Murray, fucking Bill.


Murray is coming on New Heights, and you're gonna hear him talk about some incredible stories from his childhood time at SNL. Oh yeah. His movie Career Bigger and McCracken. You're not gonna wanna miss any of this. He's, I mean, the guy is just as smooth as fucking the other side of the pillow. Yeah. We're gonna make sure to put it at the end of the episode so that you guys have to watch this entire beginning portion. So first we're gonna get a little bit to that new news. New news. That's right.


New news is brought to you by e ESPN. ON DISNEY, ESPN Plus. Hey, is that some type of like sports network anyways, not getting enough of me. Well, ESPN is now on Disney Plus. That's right. Not getting enough of me. Can never get enough of Jason. Not Only do they have animated movies, classic Disney films, they now have sports. Truly something the whole family can enjoy How about it.


I can't tell you how much of my time is spent on Disney Plus and I think we've seen every Disney movie at least five times now. Nice.


Also starting December 4th, you can head to homage.com. That's homage. HOMA g.com/new Heights to order our new limited edition holiday merch. That's right. Order by December ninth. That's right. And you can get it by Christmas.


That's for that section. Nice. This is also not really new news. Not really new news, but we have received a demand about what our next film club movie should be by a celebrity mystery fan. Travis and I have not heard this intern, Brandon and Jet Shake celebrity mystery fans. Hear it. Who? Who screens these voicemails, just so I know. How many voicemails do you listen to on average a week? We are up to 7 35 unlistened to voicemails. So how many listen to voicemails have You? So nobody listens to these, Scott. Seven 30, Brandon. I'm trying. They love stuff calling they text now too. For those of you that haven't heard, we have 730 unread voicemails, which is similar to probably what I have in my voicemail, because Who does voicemails anymore?


Everybody texts. I Don't listen to Voicemails. Just do a voice memo. I don't wanna fucking go into my voicemail box with you on that and fucking get some shit. But If, you guys want to keep sending in your, your Heights hotline voicemails. I'm sure. Keep calling. We'll eventually get to them. Turn will get to them before he dies. Hopefully. All right, let's get, let's get to this one. Mr. Brandon, can we hear this? Mystery one, Please play this one. Hello. I'm just calling because I know that voice, I, I don't have a need for relationship advice. I can give you a relationship advice, Kylie, but what I do need is to nominate a movie for the next movie review.


Interesting. I think it's the holiday season. And that love actually, it's not so mad. Love actually. Come on. You can really golden down with your significant others and enjoy Love Actually, because it's not like one of your significant others hasn't asked you to watch it multiple times and you said no every time. So this would be a great excuse to get you to watch it. Okay. I hope you take this into consideration. You guys are great. Love you. Bye. Love you too, Kai. Alright. Well What That was Kylie. That was Kylie. That was Kylie. He, she did I know that voice. I didn't, yeah, I haven't heard her voice over the phone, so yeah, It's a little bit different. Love actually. Is that what Ard Butler?


Is that what that one is? No, we got a Hugh Grant. Liam Nielsen Neeson. Sorry. I, Liam Neeson. Is that like a taken film? Not even close. No. I I would've been in If. it was like taken. Oh, Mr. Bean. Mr. Bean. No way. I love Rowan Atkinson. Nice. I think we can both probably agree we're not doing love, actually. Yeah, probably not. I'll do like a really good Christmas movie though. All right. We'll open it to a fan vote as always. Yeah, we'll do the fan vote. There's no, there's no favoritism played here. Even for my own wife. Please submit your favorite holiday films and just for the record, before millions of moronic people submit Die Hard.


Die Hard is not a Christmas movie. We will not be doing Die Hard But. yeah. Any other Christmas film, which is in the spirit of Christmas or the holidays. Doesn't have to be Christmas. It could, I mean, I like eight Crazy Nights a great movie. We will review it and we look forward to it. I did drop you one note. Did you drop me a note? Yeah. Oh, Kylie said she would come on if we did love actually. Is that, Does that change anything? How we don't Think it. I don't Think it really changes how we feel about it. She has her own podcast now. She can just do love actually. Right? What do we, what does she need us to do? Love actually for Don't. Yeah, Kai, why don't you do love actually and then put it on.


Not gonna lie. There you go. How about it. How about I, come on. Not gonna lie. And we can do a mover review of love, actually. Yeah. Don't fucking torture me. Torture your husband. Yeah. Travis is not a part of of this. This is Not fair man. Bystander Derek Kai. Don't fucking come for me. Well, you know Hugh Grant, it's not even gonna hit the same dude. You guys are like best buds now. I'm not gonna lie though, I've, since You do tequila shots with Reggie, I, I've watched like two or three movies with Hugh in it since and I fucking love all of them. He's just, yeah, there's something about knowing the guy, man. Yeah. It makes you like it more. Yeah, I think so. Either that or I think so. Should we do love? Actually now you're talking me into it. I'm, I don't, I never said we wouldn't enjoy the movie. I just said I don't wanna review it.


Okay. That's fair. Yeah. Intern brand has given me a lot of side eye Right. now Just, just do it. Just do what? F Kylie owns a movie. I know what you're trying to do, Brandon. Yeah. Everybody knows what he's doing. I'm trying to hide it. How about this? We'll, I'm gonna, I'm gonna offer a barter system. We'll Do two, We'll do a double movie review episode So Brandon gets what he wants. So Brandon gets what he wants. We'll do love actually and we'll do a fan. 'cause I don't want it. I think the fans should have some say in this voting procedure. No, 100% they have For the film club. That's the whole point of this. They have This the fucking point of it.


Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna do love actually. And another film that you guys will vote on and tell us which holiday film you guys would like us to review. Again, new news brought to you by ES ESPN on Disney plus Jason. Kelsey. ESPN. Did you actually think that the show was good? You were watching Monday night, you were giving me Dude, I was fucking dying Love. I love getting mid, yeah, I was dying. You're laughing with me though, right? Not at me, Right? Oh fuck. Yeah. I mean that's, life is laughing at Jason Kelsey, but you laugh with everyone when they laugh at you. So That's right. It's perfect. All, let's move on to maybe something that we can find some laughing with while we're doing it.


And that's bold topics to wrap up. Week 13, which really because of the bill, because of Bill, we're only gonna get into the Chiefs and Eagles. We're not gonna get into too much of the NFL landscape this week because we're gonna get right to the stuff that we think is gonna be highly entertaining. But we will give you a little chief's recap. Travis, you faced off against the Raiders and you guys snuck out the victory. It was tight. There was some end of game shenanigans, which I think all of Twitter was debating back and forth on what happened. And I don't think anybody really fully knows exactly what happened, but I know exactly what happened. What do you mean? Alright, Well the chiefs won 19 to 17. We know that. Yeah, there was a end of game procedure.


I guess we'll get right into that. It's not the start of this, but we'll just talk about it. Sure. End of game procedure. O'Connell receives the snap, doesn't know the snap is coming fumble there's a flag on the play. One official is running into the frame, clearly signaling false start and the officials convene, decide to say it's illegal procedure or snap infraction. How do they say It? No, it is illegal. What do you call it? It's like illegal. It's like somebody, people are in motion. Right? Illegal Formation. People are, that's what it's, it's not it, it wasn't a false start. It's not like everyone got set and somebody jumped off sides. I agree. It was no, it was, the entire team wasn't set and correct. And because of that, the play then goes on and it does the, the play doesn't stop right there on the snap.


Like a false start would So yeah. For, for those of you that don't know, false start is not an accept or decline penalty. If there's a false start, the play never existed. It's blowing dead right away. So this is why there's a controversy because there is one official running on the field, one of the side judges who is signaling false start. He Is signaling the, the false start, which is this, that when they talked about it, they realized that it wasn't a false start. I agree. It's not a false start. The one way you can say it's a false start though. The center never gets set. What? Like The center is set, his hand is on the ball On his set. Yeah, But he's moving his head. Alright, Right. now the center can't move his head There. So because actually his head Nevermind, wasn't even moving.


Nevermind, I changed, I changed my, I changed my mind. See, I retract, I retract. I thought he did like the little deal with his head. It Is what it is. And I'm not pointing blame on anybody. You can't put that kind of call into the ref's hands. It is what it is. And I'm, yeah, and I don't think you, you know what I mean? If you're the Raiders, you don't do it because we get all the calls. You just never want to put a fucking be in position where you're relying on the refs to make a call. Whether it's right call or wrong call. A call that takes the ball away from you or, or, or ruins your chances of winning. And it just, it is what it is. You know, I've, I've been in situations where I've put it in the ref's hands and I've come up, you know, empty handed like that as well.


I agree. I think that that's not a false start based on what I just saw and they got and they got the call. Right. But for those of you that don't know, O'Connell talked about this, why did the snap happen in the first place? There's a little bit of miscommunication. The Raiders are on what we call silent count. Brandon intern. Brandon, could you bring up that clip again? Whenever you're ready. Intern Brandon, Jesus Christ. We gotta get some new interns. Come on buds. A lot Of stuff. So pause it right here. When the, when the guard goes to tap the center, pause it. So you see the guard look back and he taps the center. When you're on silent count, that tells the center the, it's on the guard to tell the center.


When the quarterback is ready for the ball, typically the guard gets an indicator from the quarterback. What happens here is O'Connell is clapping his hands to try and get people lined up. When the quarterback claps his hands is another cue for most teams on silent count to the play clock is going down or there's an unguarded receiver, hurry up and snap the ball. So the guard thinks we're trying to go quickly, O'Connell's just trying to get people lined up. All of a sudden there's a snap when he is not ready for it. And we have the ensuing fumble recovery and game clinching fu recovery for the Kansas, City Chiefs. Pretty critical air. And it's unfortunate. I kind of joked on Twitter like, this is one thing I don't miss about playing center.


These little procedure things come up so much and it's regardless of whose fault it is, it's so infuriating. Yeah. When something like this results in a seriously negative play and something like this actually costing them the game. Because let's face it, if they don't fumble the ball, they're in field goal ranges, they're gonna get an opportunity to at least kick a field goal to win the game. So it's just, you know, it sucks for these guys. This is, you know, one of the things about playing mean, we've seen it with Chicago Bears, you know, teams that are good teams don't make these mistakes, especially in critical moments. This is something that the chiefs have been unbelievable with and there's a big reason why you guys have only lost one game is that you guys just are very, very smart in the most critical moments of it.


Cant Lot of that comes, comes there wasn't a good team though. I hear you on that. Like you're saying the good team find way, you know, that's, that's something that, you know, you just have to learn to live fair enough with and learn from and yeah. And it is what it is. Even great teams, you know, slip up and have those mix apps and You know I think they played this great all game You know I. This dude Brock Bowers was having a fucking Dude. Holy cow. Legendary season. And he, and he really turned it up on us, especially in the second half. And, and late in that, late in those past those last couple drives, man, very impress, impress seems unstoppable, man. I'm just like, I'm sitting here just watching every single snap of his and he's finding ways to get open through and everybody's, they're eyes are on him.


Everybody's kind of like, oh, he is a rookie and you know, no eyes, everybody knows how good this guy is. He is a first round draft pick. He's literally been one of the best, if not the best tight end college football since he was a freshman. The guy is an absolute beast, both as a route runner with the ball in his hands and, and making plays for the run game. And it's, it's showing, it's showing up each and every single week, man. And it gets me excited to watch, you know, the tight ends, the all the young tight ends in the league and, and, and you know, how much of a a, of an impact they all make on their team, man. And he is definitely the, at the, at the forefront. But this team, I mean, he was fun To Tough man. They have, for whatever reason, their defense did have a good, they had a good understanding of what we were trying to do and how to stop us and how to slow us down or eliminate a of the big time plays that we had.


And on top of that, keep us outta that end zone. That was the biggest thing for me was, and where I take a a lot of pride is once we get in that red zone, man, I get a little hungrier and, and Right now I just, for whatever reason this year, I just can't find my way in the, in the end zone. And I'm just not on the same page as Pat. And, and it's, it can get frustrating. It can get fucking frustrating. That's the damn sure. I think the play you're talking about is that cover zero blitz where Pat, there Was more than just One play. Okay. Alright. But that Play's That clearly. Pat thought you were gonna continue on that path. You thought he was gonna kind of throw it up field for you. But. Yeah, whatever. I was just trying to that that play specifically, it's cover zero. I'm thinking if I don't have it Right now and the ball is still in Pat's hand, I need to do something else to get open for him and Gotcha.


I just, I went one way. He threw it the other, yeah, the Raiders were great team, especially defensively. I think Patrick Graham, is that Pat? Is that the defensive coordinator for the Raiders? Patrick Graham. I played him against him a bunch in New York. Very smart guy. Like he always, I feel like when he knows you individual games are difficult because there's a lot of familiarity. Yes. And I just think that he is, he, he's just a very smart coordinator Games that you know, you're gonna get So the coaches start game planning those specific details and the scheme way in the off season. Yeah. Before the schedule's even released. You know exactly who you're playing in your division. Let's get really good at playing those guys, knowing that's what six games that Yeah.


Five games, six games that we play right there. Yeah. Yep. It's, it's, it's al it's over a quarter of the actual season. So it's like let's get really good at those, those games. So you go into the off season preparing for those teams specifically. And you know, that doesn't, that's not saying that we weren't preparing for them all off season. You know, Of course they played us really well last year. In the last year. Listen, We heard about it. We heard about it from Raiders fans all week in Tahoe. Yeah. Talking about ruining Christmas. They knew they had your Number week all year next year ago. You know What, it's, hear you guys won this time. I hear you. You're right. Still gonna hear it from the Raiders. I've been beat. They're Not gonna stop fortunate enough. They're not gonna, I've been fortunate enough to beat the Raiders my entire career and yeah, I've heard from them every Single time I go just show up and yeah, that's The one thing, it's a good fan base for you.


What is the feeling, why are you guys able to close out these games? Like what is, do you have an explanation for everybody who's asking these same questions on every sports show where we just regurgitate the fact that you guys find a way to win? Is there something more to it? I don't know. you Can call it luck. you can call it fortune, you can call it guys just playing their ass off until the last second is off that clock. And we know a lot of weird shit happens in the league. I think both sides of the ball do a great job of that. That is, the coaches do a great job of making sure the players know how wacky things happen in this league, let alone in this game.


You know, we've seen a lot of the weirdest shit happen. It's, I Think it's just been coincidence that we've seen a lot of it happen this year just to us. Right. Typically they'll just on the offensive side, we'll watch, I don't know, every college football game every two minute from the NFL every single week. And we'll get caught up on what's possible, what could possibly happen at the end of a game with these types of scenarios. And when you understand that, that that's, you know, when you understand the possibilities and you, you start to become more familiar with, you know, man, anything really can fucking happen if we just keep playing hard until the, until the end of the game, no matter, you know, no matter what, no matter What's happening, What's happened, you, no matter, you know, how the situation at hand, if there is a chance to win, if there is still a chance on that board Yeah.


You keep playing man, and you just, you keep playing, you know, to respect the guy next to you for, for him giving him, giving everything he's got too. Let's Get into the game a little bit more into some of the other stuff. You know I, listen, I know you hold yourself to a really high standard. I think you're being a little hard on yourself. We did get a number of good plays from the Big Yeti, including another Travis lateral, which I mean, who doesn't love a Trav lateral again to p Ron? You guys have like some type of chemistry here. Look at this bow. Yeah. Man, right place, right time. I'm just, I'm happy it, it worked. I think Coach Reed's under unquote saying either today or yesterday that, you know Yeah, if you're gonna do it, it better work.


If I have a little bit more awareness, I I don't even have to pitch it though. I can just get vertical up the hash and get the first down myself. So as I'm always watching the film, how can I make a play better? How can I make, you know, more of an impact smarter play on the game play. Yeah. And if I could get the first by myself without laddering lateraling the ball. Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try and do that. This is kind of just an instinct that, that I had and I'm lucky that, you know, we completed and we, we were able to get a fresh set of downs there. Well, I think you might be starting a trend now with the laterals you've done for a number of years now. Don't amari Amari Cooper, start this. What do you mean start this Where I'm the, I'm now I'm the guy that fucking invented the lateral or made it comfortable for every I Everybody didn't say you invented it.


Don't give yourself too much credit. Everybody's, I even co Cosworth said that something about me. This had, yeah, this was nothing like what I've done. This is just a guy in the backyard playing football. All right, fair enough. Like the way he has Yeah, this is, this is a lot less planned out. First One. Yeah. That just came. Yeah, exactly. This was just instinctual. This was Very instinctual. Unt they got me. They don't have you. You take it. Well let ask you this. Heads of play As an expert of laterals, should we see more laterals in the NFL? It's the most underused rule in the game of football. Yes. God, I love that answer. I love that you're fucking Saying that. I think, I think I heard Rich Eisen mention that early on in my career and I was like, damn, he ain't lying man.


That shit would be sweet if we were out here just fucking flipping it around every single play. And that's what football used to be. Are you saying that you are taking your football playing advice from Rich Eisen? I mean, I'd take a, I'd take any type of advice from Rich Eisen. Man, that's A good point. He's a pretty awesome dude. Yeah. He's and Smart well put together. Yes, That's right. Alright. It's a man right there. This Was also officially scored as a Josh Allen seven yard touchdown pass to Josh Allen, which Yeah, That's pretty cool. Should they start like giving Assist? I feel like they should say an assist. This should be be in a version of an NFL assist. Right. The thing is, I just don't Think it happens enough for them to even create a category for it.


But You could do this now, even like when people pitch the ball, like in the backfield, like on a reverse or something like that, that's an assist by the guy who I feel like it needs to be tracked. This should not go unaccounted for in the stack category. I like assist. It feels like it's an assist. Yeah. All right. Well hopefully Smart by Josh, man, the old three man weave dude, follow the bass Smart By dude. And I was watching the, we're gonna get into the Eagles Ravens game. I was like, dude, they should definitely design a no joke before this game happened. I was like, they should definitely have a play where Lamar, I think after you lateraled it where he runs after like a hitch, like the slot area and just like catches a hooking lateral, like yeah, I don't know.


I feel like it'd be an awesome play If you can get a defense to play soft enough coverage where it's a guarantee hitch and the play doesn't just ride off. It Would have to be the right situation of like third and like 25 or like a two minute type situation. But then you're even Yeah, it, I'm telling you, it's, I've dreamt of all of these situations, I promise you and I, I feel like I have a decent grasp on on when a team's playing soft enough to be able to catch the ball and evaluate and be able to throw a pitch or Right. A lateral out there. No clear. I mean, clearly you Do or you catch him in man to man and you just, you beat your defender and now all of a sudden you know that there's only one, there's one guy for every other like route around you.


Yes. You know? Yes. And that's what happened in, in Buffalo ironically last year. Right. The good news from that win, the chiefs are officially in the playoffs. I know that you guys are really worried about this, but you have officially clenched a playoff seed in the A FC Travis will be playing extra football as well as his rest of his teammates and the chiefs. So congratulations on making the 2024 NFL playoffs Trav. Thank you man. And as shitty as I've played, you know, it does feel good to be, you know, in my 10th year in a row making the playoffs, man. 10th year In a row. Dude, that is fucking insane. It is absolutely insane.


That Is so crazy. Time flies when you're having fun, baby. Let's make the most of it man. Let's make the most of it. One goal has been reached ano we gotta win the division. That's another goal that we gotta reach. And then secure home field advantage, which we have the keys to the car in that race as well. So, we, we just gotta finish strong baby. Just finish strong and, and then, you know, get, get violently accurate with our intentions. I love that. All righty. Speaking of the division, the chiefs will host the Los Angeles Chargers in Arrowhead this week against Jim Harbaugh and Company. That's right. Do you like playing divisional opponents first at their place and then second at home?


Or do you care? I don't even know why I'm asking this question. And turn Brandon put it there. No, I don't. Think it matters where we play 'em. I'll play 'em in a fucking CVS parking lot, man. I love the divisional games. It's a, it's a complete, it's a whole new sense of like, competitiveness. Yeah. And it's a whole new like, focus, the intricacies of the game. The, the fundamentals, the what move did I use last time? What move, what play did we use last time? The what look did we give them last time? All those things start to play a little bit more. And it's even more of a chess match. You know, it's the closest thing to, to a playoff football game that it, that I feel like you really get. And when there's a playoff potential team in your division that you're playing like the Chargers or dude, like the bro playing great that we have at the end of the year, you know, it, it makes it even more of a, of a, I don't know, just like excitement.


It, it's exciting to get ready for these games, man. And I mean the Chargers got, they're a new team. They're way more motivated and, and and way more focused team than I thought they were in the past years. And sure enough, their quarterback's playing really fucking good Right now and that defense is, has got some absolute beasts that we gotta be ready for. That's Right. Yeah. Harbaugh hasn't playing much better. I mean it's largely the same team, but they got a lot of confidence Right now and it's evident. And the quarterback is playing with that level. He is making some big time throws. They're playing with some fucking heart and I hadn't seen that in the charges in a long time. All right.


He has a new member of the ESPN family this season. I'm excited to shout them out as our next sponsor. What, what As of today, ESPN is now on Disney Plus. So If, you have the bundle, which includes Disney plus Hulu, ESPN plus. Go open that Disney plus app and you'll see a new ESPN tile where you'll now have access to live events and shows from ESPN. That's awesome, man. It's pretty dope. And I've been a huge ESPN guy since they started even back in the ESPN OCHO days. ESPN 360 days and the E-S-P-N-U days. So You're telling me the kids can watch all their Disney favorites and I can watch football games all in the same place? I think you're getting it, Jason. All right. They all also have Hulu on Disney Plus, which means all United Percenters can see Travis in chiefs games and on Grotesque That's right. Without leaving the App. Ah, nice. This is so smart that they finally combined all this. And as somebody who utilizes all three of these services, I can't tell you how much more efficient. Nice. Jason, you just nailed it. And coming up on December 9th, they also are going to have the Simpsons Fun Day football game. They actually animated the live Monday night football Bengals and Cowboys game to look like the world of the Simpsons This week. They're animating it like the Simpsons. Make sure you check out the Simpsons Fun Day football game this Monday. That's right on Disney Plus. I'm looking forward to this one Again, that's ESPN on Disney plus.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash or checking If, you have a full tank of gas before road tripping through the desert. Maybe Fun tidbit. I once left my sunroof and roof open and it rained overnight. So there's that. Or even checking the weather first before going golfing with Bill Murray. It was cold. I don't know. If you could tell about the hat that I'm wearing, but I thought Georgia would be a lot warmer this time of year. It is not. No. I don't think anywhere in America is very warm Right now. Pretty Sure Florida. Florida is all right. I was just in California. It was fine. But. yeah. Nice. Well, I, I will agree with you on Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the United States only. Savings vary. Terms apply Allstate, Fire and Casualty. Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Let's, let's get into this Eagles Ravens game. What did you say, Trav? Let's do it. Hey, Eagles, 24 Ravens, 19 Eagles come out on top in the Bird Bowl. How about that? How about that? One of the bird bowls in the league. Initial thoughts, Jason? Huge Win for the birds. And by birds, I mean the Eagles, that bird. Nice. Listen, the Eagles have been playing a lot better since the buy, but this was a win in my opinion that I You know I think myself. And a lot of people think the Ravens are among the best teams in the NFL from a talent perspective. They have so many like very good pieces. This was a huge test for the Eagles, the Eagles defense and them as a team. And you know, they largely answered the bell.


I thought they, they put together a great game. The front is playing so good between Jalen Carter and Jordan Davis and, and the edges. A guy like JL Hunt stepped up big time in Brandon. Graham's absence linebackers, the Kobe Dean and Zach Bond are playing and flying around. They're just, they're playing very aggressive and smart football. And I love watching it Right. now the dbs, they've just like been able to shut teams down, quite frankly. Yeah, Cooper Deje rookie has come in and played lights out. Reed Blanketship, you know, still got our man Darius Slave. He was out this past week. But, you know, quinone Mitchell, the other rookie that we drafted in the first round, is playing great football offensively.


They've had, they found an identity, right? They have Saquon Barkley, which he's been unbelievable. We're gonna get to that in a second. But You know I think with the pieces they have. I, I don't know how you defend them. I really don't. If you play, I talked about this a little bit on Monday, football, but If, you play man coverage. AJ Brown and Devonte Smith are going to annihilate you if you're gonna try and live in that. It's be a tough day. If, you play Shell Saquon Barkley is gonna be a heavy dose. It's gonna be a Tough day. If, you wanna Play If, you wanna play these zones. They are the, this is really what worked very well against the Ravens. They ran the zone read plays, the RPOs and the play actions were all so synchronistic, Okay, synchronistic.


I don't know how you defend the Philadelphia Eagles as an offense. And the Ravens, I mean, they didn't allow that many points, but I think it's, it was an impressive performance for the Eagles. It's been a pre impressive performance for, for just about all season long, man. Especially since they got Saquon Barkley back there, no doubt running the fucking rock. And even more so in the second half. He's been fucking amazing. And it's fun to watch him kind of take over games there in the second half. And you tweeted about it, saying Jason tweeted on, on x Saquon has been so good in the fourth quarter this year. How many enormous game leading or ceiling big runs has he had?


It's insane how clutch he's been with an exclamation point. You don't always see Jason use punctuation like that. Only when he means it. And it's, how about that? It's true man. It's true. It's, it feels like whenever they need a huge play there in the second half, who better than Saquon Barkley to give that fucking ball to man? He's like zero to 60 faster than any other fucking human that I've ever seen, man. And he's, he's such a big dude, quads enormous. So you're trying to tackle this dude or slow him down or get a arm on him or If, you don't get a a a a thick solid hit on him then, you know, he's, he's liable to fucking break one. And you saw it by two plays in a row.


It was, it was, it was an outside zone to the left where the safety just fucking got his cleats and he was kicking himself. He was like, man, that was it. That was it. Let alone let, little did he know he was gonna get another chance later on that drive to, to really break one man. And That's where the MVP kind of chatter really fits in. I mean, obviously the Yards, he's the leading back in the, in the NFL Right now with a chance to break the all time Russian record, which would be completely electric. Yeah. The thing that makes him so valuable and so unique is the second half big explosive runs that have either sealed games or put games outta reach. For instance, the, the run from last week on the tackle pull play, he had to run through a couple arm tackles.


Yeah. Which might not seem like much, you're crazy, but maybe if it's another back, you get down at the five and you don't end up getting in the end zone there. And like the defenses have been very staunch in the red zone. Saquon being able to run and finish these plays off in the most critical parts of the game. It's been such a huge determining factor in the Eagle's latent games and why they've been able to win games. Spin arguably, Whether it's been Washington arguably the most valuable factor to have. I think he's up there. I mean, I, again, it's obviously a quarterback driven stat, but if Seon Barkley breaks a record that's been in the NI mean, when did Eric Dickerson set that record? 84 84. The record's been since 1984.


If he breaks that record and the Eagles somehow end up being the NFC champions, I don't know how you don't give it to say Juan Barkley. I Really don't. Yeah. If if, even if he doesn't break the fucking record, if he's the best player on one of the best teams in the league and he's proven it year in, year out in the biggest moments, what are we even fucking talking about? That's a good point. Alright. I think that makes sense. What Are your final thoughts on this one big dog? My final thoughts are the Eagles prove that they are legit Super Bowl contenders unequivocally with this win. If they stay healthy. I don't know that there's a more talented team than them in the NFL. I might be able to argue that. Well at, okay, can I say NFC at least? Will you at least agree? I mean, well, the Detroit Lines are pretty damn talented.


Yeah. That's the one thing, man, I I really, just as a football fan, as a fucking offensive Lion fan, there is nothing more than I would like to see than the Detroit Lions face off against the Philadelphia Eagles. Like, I want that game to happen so bad. I think all of the NFL wants this to happen. Jason, who doesn't want to fucking see that? Man, this is true. How the, this is how the NFL fucking got where it is today. It this seventies, eighties handing that fucking thing off to guys like Eric Dickerson. Yeah. You know, the guys like Jim Brown. Everybody wants to see that thing in someone's hand. And everybody try and stop that, man. I'm with you. I will say this, I I'm talking a lot about the Eagles.


Mark Andrews had a touchdown in that game. Dude, mark is a fucking dog, dude. Right now him. And likely that is a fucking scary dynamic to have in the tight end room to have to fucking get ready for dude, That first touchdown that Andrews caught where he just like caught it above his head and like held it there. He's a fucking beast, man. Might be, it might be the most man touchdown I've ever seen. Like it was like, it was like, I'm bigger than all you other motherf. It was like a, like he went up for a rebound me and just like it Was, dude, I'm telling you, I thought He was about to pop the ball. Mark Is a fucking, yeah. Like little giants, like A little giants moment. I'm like, he is squeezing the fuck outta how big are his hands? That ball looks so small. Yeah, dude. It was Dude, he's an electric Man.


I thought that, I don't know why that stood out to me so much. Yeah. Mark Right now is playing like, you know, one of the best tight ends, if not the best tight end in the league. Right. now I know him, George and Brock Bowers. Those dudes are absolutely playing fucking ball Right now. Yeah. And it's fun to watch Next week. The Eagles are gonna face Bryce Young and the Panthers, not just Bryce Young, a new and improved Bryce Young, who is playing his ass off Right now. They, I mean, quite literally. I mean they, they nearly got the win against the box. It's two weeks in a row that haw has been playing really well. The Panthers might officially be good. I know the Eagles should for sure be worried about 'em. 'cause they are playing everybody tight. Well, I play, I can tell you they've officially been good for at least the past two weeks.


Yeah. If not before that. They, we were kind of seeing that. We started to see that thing kind of build and mold together before their bi-week before we played 'em. And then sure enough, they play as just as good as anybody. Honestly. They've been playing better ever since I made the joke that they were the worst team in the NFL. That's what happens, Jason. It's like The kickers thing. Like you're officially, I just gotta stop. I gotta stop talking. I mean, or just keep shitting on people and watch people fucking turn, turn on. Maybe that's what I should do shit on people and then all of a sudden they play better. And I can take credit for that even though it makes, I had no impact in it whatsoever. It sounds like a typical media person, right? The universe is weird like that man.


Start shitting on the Chiefs. Don't you dent me, don't you?


Once again, the whole topics is brought to you by AMAZON. PRIME. That's right. Become a prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing, whatever you're into, it's on Prime.


No dumb questions before we get to Bill. It's time for no some no dumb questions because there's no such thing as dumb questions. 92 Percenters. Just you dumb asses asking them, I mean us answering 'em.


No dumb questions as brought to you by GOOGLE. TV. Oh. gosh, No. more endless browsing. Go GOOGLE. TV makes it easy to find things you love to watch. All righty. From Valerie Jean Louis on Twitter. Here we go. Nice. My Notam question is If, you could have been on any team from kids movies or TV show. Which would it be and why? Interesting. Any kids movie or TV show? So she's looking for a kid-centric team essentially. I think it's just like kids movie from, but It's not like, remember The Titans is, or well I guess they're teenagers in that. That's a high school movie. So that's still Couch, right? Any team from a kid's movie or a TV show. But is it a kid's TV show or is it just a regular, I don't know, Vale Where I confused. Gotta be specific. If. you want somebody like Jason to answer your question? Yeah. Don. Forget we are dumb ass. We fucking dumb dumb Travis just told you. You, we are very stupid, dumb. But who are you going with? We can't pick Sandlot 'cause they just picked Sandlot. So Valerie, thanks for taking the fucking answer that we probably both would've picked From kids. Alright, let's think kids movies that are sports and teams. Space Jam. We talked about it with Bill. I mean, kids be on the Mod Stars. Would you be on the Mod Stars or would you be on Jordan's t Tune squad? I might go MonStar. That'd be a fucking electric group to be a part of. Yeah, except that you wouldn't be the one controlling your MonStar, Huh? I I might be a monster if I'm on the monster Stars. You're gonna be one of those little fuckers. The little, little fat shits. That's who you wanna be. When not when I steal. Who's talent would I steal? I wouldn't. Okay, so I can't steal. Yeah, let's, I'll I'll play that game with you. I would steal If. you steal. I would steal Mons If. you were an alien. I would steal Shaquille O'Neal. I would steal Shaquille O'Neal's talent. You would be. That's right. Who the fuck is stopping me with Shaquille O'Neal's talent? I don't know. Greg Bobble bitch. I don't know Tim Duggan. Yeah. Shaq didn't, Shaq was unstoppable. Wasn't Yeah, this Funny. That wasn't the issue. No. Stopping him was impossible. All right, I think I'm going Space Jam. Who are you going? I'm gonna go, man, there was just, as a kid, I just loved Major League man. That's not a kid's movie. It is in my book. All right, fine. What is it? Does it Is That Willie Mays Hayes Rookie of the Year. There's so many good ones. Angels in the outfield. I'd love to fucking feel what it's like to, I kind of feel like you guys are the angels in the outfield. We're the angels in the outfield. There's some unknowns. Like Here you go with this fucking Tay Voodoo shit, dude, this dude's such a dickhead. Who you going with? Kicking and screaming? God damn, these are all fucking golden. I'm gonna say the fucking, the little giants man. Yeah. Me. And nice box. I figured that's where you're gonna go. Be fucking unstoppable out there. Spike would have no fucking choice but to eat, eat shit. I'm taking you against Spike any day. All right. I. like That There you have a great question, Valerie. Gene Louie. So yeah, if you're interested for something to watch with the kids, you can check out my GOOGLE TV list. Lilo and Stitch. We got a brink. How electric is Brink? It's a classic. I love all those. I love all those Rollerblading. Period. When was the last time you saw a fucking kid? Rollerblading? Man. Dude, I want get back on. When's the last time you saw a kid with a fucking raspberry on his knee? 'cause he fucked his shit up outside. I'm not. Get Outside was the first aid kit your moms and dads have. Yeah. In the house. If, you never scrape your knee. How are you gonna know what life is actually like? How you use Neos? Born Neosporin well done Oh. gosh, how are you gonna Know how to put a ba, a butterfly, bandaid on? You know, these are fucking essential skills that you're gonna eventually need in life and you need to get outside and fuck some shit up to go figure that out. That's Right. Right? That's right. I If you Show me a kid that hasn't scraped their knee. And I'll show you someone that has a gluten allergy. All right. There's a bunch of classics that you're gonna wanna check that was uncalled for and Stupid That Was uncalled for. Shout out to Cousin Ris. All right, there's a bunch of classics that you're gonna wanna, you'll love watching with the family that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by our friends at Google. TV. Be sure to check out, check my show and Movie Confessions now. That's right. I don't know why I said that because It was, it was so perfect. Alright, We're so pumped to be partnering with our friends at Google TV How about it. And I know Jason's been getting to play around with it. Jason, wanna share more with the 92 Percenters? Yeah. Trav GOOGLE TV makes it so easy to find what you want to watch since it brings all of your favorite movie shows and live TV channels across your subscriptions all in one place. Nice. One of my favorite features, and one that I know United two Percenters would love is that you can also get recommendations based on what you already like, including live sports content tailored just for you right on your for You tab. It lets you jump straight into the action and access live games from your favorite teams. And if you're like me and you always forget to write down the name of a new show, someone recommends GOOGLE TV also has you covered with their awesome watch list feature. It's so easy to add new things. you can even do it right from your phone. And if you're looking for some fresh things to add to your watch list, surprise me. Jason, what would I'd like to see on your list? My list is dominated by Bluey. I mean, it's the number one on the list at all times. I would say, you know, little Giants is always a my list. Little Mighty Ducks action. The g.co/tv/new Heights Right. now to learn more. And while you're at it, make sure to check out my show and movie Confessions on GOOGLE TV. I might be biased, but I definitely have the best watch list out.


All righty. Our guest today, you might know him from his run on SNL legendary movies like Caddy Shack, Ghostbusters Stripes, space Jams, lost in Translation. My personal favorite Cape Pin, you basically anything with Wes Anderson. He's an Emmy winner Academy Award nominee and Of course a winner for the Mark Twain prize for American Humor. Yes sir. And he is also now my official golf competitor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Please welcome Bill Murray. Woohoo. Thank you. How many movies did we miss? What about Bob Groundhogs Day? Yeah, I, I don't think, I mean, we'd be here all day listing.


Yeah, yeah. Well we got, it's, are you guys on an hourly or is this a flat rate you Think? Well, honestly, we'll, we will take whatever you give us There. There's a lot of them, but you know some, you know, people have their favorites. You, you did. Yours are good. I'm fine. Let's Start, let's start off with your favorite dude. Well, I always say I like this, that one that you Wish you would've done over or, well, You probably like a game that you played really well and you lost or something like that. Yeah. Is that possible? Yeah. So not that they lost, but I made a movie called Broken Flowers with Jim Jarmus, I thought was a great movie, broken Flowers. And I made another movie called The Man Who Knew Too Little with a director named John Emile that that had, was had some really, really funny stuff and some really great actors. That is another one of our Favorites.


Yeah, that one had some really funny stuff. When you're on the side of the building and they're shooting up at you and Oh my gosh. The freaking Russian dancing scene with the, the Doll Oh. gosh, my knees have never been the same. And I really did too. I really, Those Were real Russian dancers, like, yeah, my God, what the hell is that guy doing? He's actually doing it Of course. Yeah. I never walked again, but I mean it was, it was, I really went hard for that one. Yeah. That's awesome. We're gonna talk a little bit of golf. We're in Georgia at Georgia. It's Cob Co. What's the name of this? Cobb? Cobb County. Cobb County Co Town. We're Near Cobb Town. Are we in Cobb Town? Cob Town. Town Georgia. Two be at O Hoopy. Two Bees in Cobb Town. You Guys are over at O Hoopy?


Yeah. Yeah. Onion Town. Onion Country. That is, I, I don't know if that's, isn't the Onion official. The On the Onion is definitely the logo. Do they grow onions here, Gil? Is that the deal? We're talking to Gil. Han Man. What kind of onions? One of one of several people Taking Credit for designing the golf course. Yeah. Jim Wags. It is a beautiful golf course, Man. Have you been down there? Hell yeah. Two off, two off seasons ago. Saw the, what is it? The zebras off in the distance. Yep. Zebras. They got, they have zebras. They have wildebeest. What else do they have out There? Bill? And they have Mike, caddy Eric, who's off in the distance. Yeah. Offering zero help. Yeah, we had a great time out there today, Eric.


We had a gray, the other caddy. Gray's a jerk. You didn't like Gray? No, he's all right. He's from Alabama. Heavy accent. Heavy Accent. He's on, he's on the comeback trail. Played safety at Auburn. He's pretty, what? He's an interest guy. Played safety at Auburn. And he's caddying for you. Yeah. I love It. You have somebody that you really like playing golf with. Who are your favorite golf partners you've played with through the years? I, I kinda like playing with women. They're more fun. They're sort of less threatening to me. Okay. But they're, They just seem to be having a better time. Most of 'em. Yeah. I play golf with this good golfer, lives up north and south named Bridget Rooney.


I had a good time playing with Larry. David is actually a funny guy to play golfer. Nice. I could believe that for, I mean, it's, it's not bad to play golf with a total curmudgeon. Yeah. But he is he, he really enjoys the game a lot. So he is not like all That's cool. He didn't get all mental when he hits a bad shot. Were, Were you always a golf guy? When did you get into the sport? God, what a setup that is. Were you always a golf Guy? Golf Guy? Yeah. Yeah. No, I, I did some, I did my share of exotic dancing, but then I got, I started as, I mean, I, I began as a caddy. I mean, I was a child before that, but I ca I started as a caddy and Okay, okay. That's kind of what happened. I was a shag boy and then I was a caddy and you kind of, you know, once you're caddy for years, you know, you kind of, you're in, it's like a baptism without, you know, approval you're in.


So that's, is that Sort that, is that just like the summer job or, Yeah. Well, in my family you had to like If, you wanted to go to high school. If, you wanted to go to the, the Catholic school, you had to pay for it yourself. So not that I, I necessarily wanted to pay for it, but I just, my eldest, my elder brothers had gone there, so that's what I was gonna do. And they'd done the same thing. Ed and Brian had both paid their way through c high school CADing and gambling learning the, the INAC Of course. Intricacies of cards. Of course. Yeah. And so I had to do that too. Nice. What is it about golf that you like so much? Well, if I'm trying to stick up for it, you know, like IO often am like, a lot of people go like golf, oh, you're chasing your little white ball around and your funny little clothes.


But it's really, you know, maybe one of the only games that's a game of self-report. Or you have to say what your score is. Yeah. So the problem today was I had no idea what my score was. We were either, I, neither did you. I'm looking at my caddy and he's going, We relied on air's. All he was doing was, yeah, well, to a fault. I don't, I don't think we got a technic. We'll never know if we got technic. We technically tied by Eric's Account according to Eric, we tied, but that's because someone sitting in one of these chairs gave Eric $700 at The church. Jesus. $700 in small, small bills. And I'm not talking fives. Small bills. Yeah, Throwing ones at 'em.


Every, every shot. But that's one thing about golf is it's this game of self-report where it, like your honesty is like a key thing, you know? And you don't know If, you play with people that cheated golf, but like you can cheat on your income taxes. you can cheat on your spouse, your, your lover, but you cheated golf, we're done. I got nothing. Second chances. I understand the impulse to cheated on taxes or, or like another guy, another woman. But you cheat at golf. I don't even wanna see your face in, It's the golden rule. So There's that. So there's like a code, you know, there's a code, which a lot of, you know, area sport has a code. But that, that I think that has a fierce code.


It's a game of, it's a body attention, you know, self-awareness kind of game. You know, you have to, I don't know what football is like beyond the like, freshman year of high school level, but you know, you really have to be, you know, com composed to play it correctly, to play it your best, you know? Yeah, yeah. Quiet inside and you know, the most efficient use of your body and everything. So it's like that. It's I like it, Man. I'll tell you what, it doesn't look like that One of the most composed people in the fucking world is Jason, Kelsey and Tahoe. Oh my gosh. We did that. See Jason? Absolutely. Classic. This past year Spiral in his first round at ta.


Was he like diving into the lake or what He was, he might as well have. I might have. He came out The gates hot. I think he was, he was, I Think. it was plus four. I think he was like in the red for the first like three holes. Three or four holes in. This is very nice of you to bring this up, Travis. Double, double, Double, double, double, double, double second. Composed have brothers four. Yeah, no, it's good Com. Keep your composure, Man. I'll tell you what you got composed. I took you outta your game. The, what is that the second or third day? That's right. I was playing so bad. You started Playing. It was either you or the Lucky Beaver. I can't figure out which one it was. The Lucky Beaver might have did it. Yeah. What, so how many, how many courses are you involved with? Like, members were, Well how many lucky beavers do you guys know?


Well, I know one. I only know one. I know one officially titled Lucky Beaver. They Beaver in in Nevada. In Reno. Yeah. I listened highly Recommend it. I didn't see any in there, but I was, I was in there grabbing some drinks. Yeah. Oh, is that the name of a bar? It's A bar. So what ha were you guys playing as a team in Tahoe? Were you against each other? Rival? No, Tahoe's in individual scores. Yeah. It's An individual. Yeah, it's a point base though. you can, the max is double bogey and that's minus three points, I believe. And then from there it kind of just, You were playing together. We were playing, we were paired together, but we weren't. Yeah. Like, yeah, we were a a against each other.


You play with a different group every day. Different twosome or something. It's typically a round of three guys, just so they can keep the pace up. We Played with Andrew Whitworth, a tackle that played in the, in the league for a long time in Cincinnati. And I hate That Guy. You don't like Andrew? I, I dunno what he's Well, He's a very hateable guy. He's A tackle. You've played in a bunch of, He tackle, if he's not holding, I don't know who the hell he is. You Got an he ain't lying man. So true. Ain't lying. That's a good shit, man. The camera of shame. Shame that man. Show his face. Show us his face. Yeah, I'd like to see someone. So If, you take off your helmet, you have to come off the field.


That's A flag. It's actually a, a penalty. It's a flag. Yes, It's a flag. If Your helmet comes off, You have to leave the field for a play or something. I believe you have to leave the field to have it like put back on or something like that. But If, you take it off. That's a penalty. So, yeah. Can't Do that. Bill, bill, you've been invited to a bunch of ProAm. Tahoe hasn't gave you a shout yet. Have you ever even been out to Tahoe? Yeah, back when it was just a pond. They still got that, that's for sure. Yeah. No, I read the Mark Twain. I read it. Yeah. I've had some good, I've had a nice time at Tahoe, but I like to swim in it. Yeah, the golf always, they, those guys always seemed a little too serious for me. I hear you. That that crowd seemed a little too serious. It is pretty serious. Yeah. I played with those guys once and that was enough.


Of course, Let's get, let's Touch. And I did play a, with my kids, I played a, we got trapped there playing a couple of slot machines. Hey Marino, I got stuck on one that it was the Bonanza slot machine. Okay. And, and If, you got two out of three Write this shit down, You got If, you put in $3 and you got two back. It played Bubu the Bonanza song, you know, and it's like, hey, you feel like you're winning while you're losing a dollar at a time for, I don't know, seven. You talking about nine hours. I don't Know. I think that's the most fun I have in in Tahoe is when everybody goes from being dumb with playing golf and we just jump over the casino. Yeah. What's your dumb game? What's your dumb game? Travis plays Roulette. Roulette. I fucking love it.


Loves roulette. That's God. Love it. It's so stupid. Yeah, it's so fun. Jason says it's stupid. The only time he is ever played with me one buku bucks. That's because You were having fun. Well I know how that is. It's like if you're, if you're flush and you got a lot of money on you, you go like, what's your number? You know? And you can tell everybody what's your number? And I remember having like a lot of per diem going there for some goofy thing and what's your number? So I had like seven people's number. We were winning like all the time. Meanwhile, I'm the only guy putting up the money, so I'm losing six times and one of us is losing and that's not me. It's never me. I'm like so happy for you. Yeah. Anyway, I was pretty much broke in about 120 minutes and, but other people were walking out with like big bags of pockets.


I love it.


We Are supported obviously by Amazon Pride. That's right. Many of you know Prime for its lightning fast free shipping. That's just the beginning. Jason Prime is a powerhouse of perks. That's right. The powerhouse of perks. Nice alliteration there. Love that. We're talking Prime video, Amazon music, prime gaming and Speedy grocery delivery. And end. During the hectic holiday season, prime becomes your secret weapon. That's right. Feel like cozying up and getting into a festive mood. Well just fire up Amazon music and hit play on the holiday playlist. Or driving to a heartwarming movie on Prime video. Oh, you've got your own personal winter wonderland right in your living room. Me Personally, I'm just gonna buy a bunch of stuff and get it delivered ultra fast because Prime makes it happen quickly and I'm usually the last second shopper. Alright, what are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passengers you're pursuing, whatever you're into. Pretty sure it's on Prime


92 Percenters. The NFL season is in full swing. Is it? And that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsors. SeatGeek, who is back for their third season with good old new Heights. Oh Yeah. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. That's right. All of you guys can get 10% off any tickets on SeatGeek. It doesn't matter if you're a new customer or not. With Code New Heights that Works for sports concerts. Comedy shows like coming out to Arrowhead to see the Chiefs play. Come on now. That's right. SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green dots means good red dots. Well that does mean the opposite. Not good. Yeah. Typically that means it's bad. So save yourself some money. Open the SEAT GEEK app and add code new Heights to your account to get your 10% off on the next order. It Doesn't matter. If, you used SeatGeek before. That's code new Heights for 10% off. Terms apply.


Good dog health starts with good, healthy food. And that's why the farmer's dog is all about good healthy dog food. The farmer's dog is real food made from real meats and veggies. Their recipes are developed by board certified nutritionalists approved by vets and built on decades of research. They make Dog food that's complete balance and full of health benefits like boosted immunity, A glowing coat. There's something about dogs with healthy hair that just make you like the dog more. Something that's great for them and you. It means smaller firmer poops Plus the farmer's dog is precisely apportioned for your dog based off their nutritional needs, which makes weight management simple. They calculate your dog's ideal daily calories based on factors like age, weight, and breed. And getting this right is important because dogs like mine need the correct amount of food to stay healthy as a large breed. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights plus you get FREE shipping. Just Go to THE FARMER dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's THE FARMER dog.com/new Heights.


Let's take, let's take a trip down memory lane, baby. Oh, I thought you were gonna say let's take some phone calls. Nick, call up. Come on. We do have a Heights hotline. We could do that. Hey, We got somebody here from Houston. Okay. That might be tough bit. You grew up in Chicago, Chi Town baby with eight siblings. What number Are you in? I was five of nine. Five Of nine? Yeah. Okay. Where there were nine of us. Nice. And boy, girl. How many brothers? How many sisters? I don't know. I knew their names. They were, they were, there were, there were six boys and there were three girls. Okay. That sounds Like a bad Had nine. We had nine.


You guys could feel the, you guys could feel the whole, whole ba the whole diamond. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. Did you guys ev you guys ever just go family versus family out on the diamond? Yeah. We had some cousins that, we had some cousins. The Collins, they had nine too. Wow. At least I think they had nine. They were, they were not, they were not as tall as we were. So they could have had more or less. It was, we couldn't tell very. We like to play them in basketball. There we go. That's, that was our game. We played a lot of sports. We played everything. Basically. I would spend the winter long winters there hitting rocks with a baseball bat over the fence of the backyard. Oh yeah. Until I would hear someone go, ah, my, my neighbor getting into his car, they going right in the forehead.


Oh shit. Who'd you, who'd you get your sense of humor from your mo mother, father, siblings? Like, Well that's a Well my siblings are are humorous. I got some funny brothers and sisters. They're all funny. Yeah. We used to think our dad, our dad was a really, really tough laugh. So If, you could make him laugh. That was like you, you looked at your si your brother and sister going See that? Yeah. That's young man. Laugh. See that? But oddly when, when the, the bunch of us that went sort of continued being funny for a living, sort of, it turned out we were all doing our mother that we actually, like, when we went into like a silly goofy mode, we were actually doing our mother. Oh wow. Nice. So she was more of a character than my dad was.


My dad was, you know, he was hard to read 'cause he was not a easy lap. Would you call yourself the troublemaker of the family or what? No, I was, I was the good one. Good one. I was the good one. Yeah. You were the good one. Oh yes. Oh heck yeah. No, I was the worst. I was, I was the worst fucking Set me. Have you bear trap me. You asked me a question. Yeah. What did your old man, what, what did your father, My father do? My father sold lumber. Sold lumber, sold lumber. But he just, when he started to make real, real money, he, he died. He died very young. 46 years old. He was so nowadays that's really young. Even then, I was really young. But to leave nine kids, it was a, it was a tough, tough moment. Yeah. For absolutely.


Yeah. He was a great man. But then my mother sucked it up and went to work as a cement finisher. So. Wow. No, not really I. like there's no chance she worked in the middle. You're just, you're she worked in the mail room. She got I got you emotional and now you're, now you're a a puppet. You fucking reeled me in. You're a professor. This Man, she also had nine caddies The side. Yeah. She had nine kids. She in and then she went, but she, but she took a job and Yeah. You know, she was a quite a strong woman. You started off in improv when you started getting into comedy. Is that accurate or should I say?


Yeah, that's right. That's right. Did any of your siblings also do Well, my brother Brian was the first one to go. Yeah. He, he so bad. Yeah. He was the first one to go. He started going to Second City. I was gonna Say Second City. Yeah. Taking improv class and so forth. And then he kind of progressed and before you knew it, he was in the show. So I would go down there and watch, watch him and watch he and Harold Ramis and Joe Flaherty and yeah. Belu and all these guys. They were all ahead of me and I would just go there to hang out really. 'cause it was a sort of a safe zone for me, for sure. Nice. But I got, I, it was an accident the first time I tried to, I tried an improv class. I was so bad. I like, walked out on the street and walked about 60 blocks south, which is probably the wrong direction for me to be going.


Back then it was, I all of a sudden I was like at 63rd and Stony and I'm like, what am I doing here? I don't, I don't EI sh I'm, I'm now, I'm now I gotta run. So I felt like I was scared of the dark But. yeah. It was, that's how bad I was. And that's how, how disturbing it was to think you're good and not be good. But then years later I got, you know, someone, it was like kind of very poetic underneath the clock at Marshall Fields. I've stepped out and the, you know, bells are ringing at six o'clock Christmas Eve. And there's the lady who teaches the improv. She says, you're Brian's little brother. Yeah. Do you know how to paint? You mean like houses? Yeah, yeah.


I'll give you a scholarship. If, you come and paint my kitchen. And so that's the story. But anyway. Okay. What? Yeah. That's awesome. That's crazy. It's, no, it's a, it doesn't have a happy ending. Turns out she's one of those ladies that has like cats and everything she wears is purple. Yeah. You know I Dunno if these people exist anymore. No, they do. They definitely do. So anyway, so a lot of 'em listening to the show actually. Yeah. Anyway. No, some of 'em are, I, I've known, I've known more than a few, but, but this one had to have the kitchen painted purple and that's Wow. So you painted, that's what they call a garden apartment, which is like below the ground level. So all the pipes of the whole building came through her kitchen ceiling.


So I had to paint all those hot pipes. So I was purple for about a week, eight days or so. Oh nice. It's Kinda and burned too. What is nice. So, and from that Point on, you knew you wanted to do improv. That's Crazy. You know I. Don't know if I ever, you've ever been speckled with purple paint, but it puts a fire. No, haven't lights a fire in you. It lights a fire and you gotta keep going. What? So I went to, I actually, so in high school we went to Second City. I played in the jazz, this is kind of embarrassing to say, I played in the jazz ensemble when we were tour different cities. And one of the cities we went to was Chicago Nerd. Went to Second City. It was awesome. That's my first experience with improv. I've recently have been back to an improv show for the first time since then, which was 2004.


I went to Upright Citizens Brigade in LA and I did their Ascat show. Are you familiar with that? Where they invite like a, a guest who does like a monologue and then from that monologue the crew just, just takes Off. I mean, just some of the, the funniest, did you do A monologue? I Did a monologue. I did a few. What Was your theme? Everything. We just took questions from like the audience and then you'd go into a story from there. I told a story about how I got lost to the county fair. And mom had to try and search for us. But Classic, Just watching how people, how they could play off of each other. I was mesmerized just watching the whole show take place. W How do you, I don't know.


I, it, I, now that we're talking about improv, it just, I wanna ask you, how do you learn to do that? Like, are there techniques, are there things that happened behind the show where you build like a chemistry with the per, like, it just seemed, seemed insane to me that they were able to make all this. Is this Gonna be yet another career change for you? Another one. Listen. First year jazz music. And then this is football thing. I think this is after governor The podcast. I think this is after, This is after mayor. The guys that are really good, I don't consider myself a great improviser. They were people that were far, that are, were always better than I was. Yeah. But people that are good at it. And my, and my brother, Joel's very good at it, is listening to what the other person says and trying to figure out, they're giving you information.


What do you do with that information? Right. You know, bad improvisers are people that have an idea what they're gonna do and they just sort of try to barrel through it. Well, that's a one man show. You know, it's not a team game. And it's, you know, the, the dictum is Yes. And you know, you say something to me. Yes. I agree with that. And, and I, I come back with that. You never deny what someone says. You, you, you build on what they give you. You're starting with building blocks of information. That's how it goes. And you know, the better people can make something that's really, really magical, you know? Yeah. 'cause If you really connect to the ideas that are being shared, especially in like a group improv. Like a nine person, 12 person, one like a, they called a herald, you know, where you could take an idea that's over that this group over here brings up and, and, and weave them together into something.


That's an amazing, amazing experience. I love it, man. But what is interesting about improv, it feels like they do oftentimes do make great actors. They do make great writers. Like all the people on the wall in that second city when I was there back then, to see all these wonderful, Well, they only put the good People on. That's, let's start with that. That's true. That's, that's very, they Direct squad in the, they're Yep. Dozens that are buried in a shallow grave, just the other side of, of North Avenue. But If, it feels like improv as opposed to like standup. I would like, it feels like there's like a, a natural Well I'm not, I'm naturally prejudiced towards, towards our team, you know. Yeah. I I we always like on sa at Saturday Night Live.


Yeah. You know, those people were sort of, most of them were kind of improvisational players, you know? Right. And the ones that could do that just seemed to be able to like, work together better. And most especially 'cause you'd write the show on a weekly basis. You only had a couple days to write it. Yeah. Those, those actors that had, that had that kind of training could sort of solve the puzzle of the sketch on the, on the air almost. You know, it'd be like, you know, you could go like, Hey wait, this, what if and, and you just sort of go there in the last hour or two just to make it right. You know, you could rewrite just 'cause you were aware. You, you had all that, all that information what the scene was could be or what supposed to be.


Right. And you can figure out an ending. So that's, when you see those actors, they basically make it to better, you know, the, the ones that were standup guys were, you know, sort of made more like standup pieces, more solo pieces that were spectacular, you know? Right. You know, Eddie Murphy in the hot tub or whatever. Those guys made those kinds of performance pieces. But the ensemble pieces, and they, they're actually doing really great ones now. They, they do some really, you know, people always gimme a hard time about look, oh God, the original show was so great and it's lousy now. I'm like, no, it's not the show that's on now. They do stuff that's just as good as anybody ever did all the time. Oh, I love it, man. SNL is still one of my favorites.


What do you, I do Before we get into your your SNL career, what do, what do you Think? It's, you Don't have to talk about me all the time. You guys can talk about Travis. Did SNL absolutely killed It? You you did it right? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I hosted two years ago. Yeah. After the, the First I saw, I mean, I saw some of it. I record it. So, 'cause 'cause I'm, I'm usually doing something else. But I saw some of it. It was funny. I appreciate that man. It was still, it was an absolute blast. You just buckle up and you just enjoy that ride, man. And it, and like you said, the, the scenes, the sketches can change last minute because somebody has a, has the brilliance of mind to, to either take something out or put a punch liner in, man. And The damn producer's gotten so good.


He's gotten so damn good at it. He's just ruthless. Who's that? I forget his Name. Yeah. What's, what's name boss? What, what's, what's the, It was Lauren Michael for that show. Yeah. He's been on, he's been drawing a paycheck for 50 years. He's on a, I just, That was one thing. The Apple TV movie Saturday night on their first Yeah. First ever show. Like the 90 minutes leading up to that first show with Belushi kind of going crazy and just all the madness that happens in there and the magic that happens as well of it finally coming together and them going live, man. And the rest is history. But for those SNL lovers out there, man, make sure you check that one out. I did.


I I really do wanna know what do you, what do you Think it is about Second city that prepares so many pe because it's almost like a pipeline, or at least it was for SNL for, for quite a while. Well, it sure was. I mean now it's a, now it's like a, it's like a university of Phoenix or something. There's like thousands of people there. They've got like a, they have like a high rise of, of like classes of people taking the thing. But it used to be, you know, sort of a gritty kind of, you know, practice squad, third string, second string, first string kind of thing. Yeah. And you had to, you know, you knew who was better than you. Loud and clear, you know, it was very clear who could do it and who couldn't.


And If you weren't as good as that person. You just had to just keep chewing. Nice. So, and that's how it was pretty much, I mean, recently, I don't know who's on first name anymore about coming out of there, but I mean, they had a great run of people that came out of there. Like when Chris Farley and those people came out of there, that, that was a good group. And the original like Beluchi and you know, myself, Gilda Royd, you know, those, those people, you know, so it comes like probably the same deal. It comes in waves, you know, but now there's so many, I don't know what to make of it, but it's, it's a great thing to learn how to do. It's a great way to, if you can live life like that too. Yeah. You, you talked about this, the, I think the improv thing, If you, like, you, you were bringing up, that's like a team game.


You're working with other people and like a collaborative experience. When Travis was on snl, that was the one thing that stood out about SNL is the amount of people that make that show possible. And you know, you brought up Lauren, I didn't know what to expect from Lauren going to it. I didn't know that he was still like, doing the whole thing in like a very active manner. Like even, oh, up until like right before the thing goes live, right after that first rehearsal, he's cutting things. Oh yeah. And changing bits. Like all the people, all the, the, the, the makeup, the, the wardrobe. Everybody's got like their own pit crew. It felt the most like a game day for football outside of that experience. You Ain't lying.


Yeah. You see that when people win a championship, they say the, they credit the whole organization and it really is that way. Yeah. And I've said this, you know, this is old news, but like when Lauren got that show together, he demanded from NBC that they give him the best sound man. The best sound mixer. Nice. The best technical director. The best lighting guy. The best prop man. Yeah. And all those guys that were on that show were the best in the business at doing it. So that when, you know, Mickey Mouse here comes up and like blows it. And Willie the prop man is Billy, I was there waiting for you at the door.


I had the pistol in my hand. You didn't get there on time. It's like bru and he kills you. He's just, he looks at you like you're not there yet, son. You're just not there yet. And like, wow. But also credit those people because, and they were there on the original shows, like your show of shows and like Milton bro. And they've been on the, like, the biggest shows of television in the early days. And so they'd seen people go from being unknown to being famous Yeah. In a short amount of time. And they saw, they'd seen how big a jerk you can become just a, a miraculously short amount of time. Yeah. And they, they just, you know, they, it was the same look. Like they just look at you going and you knew that somehow you'd screwed up.


Like many people had screwed up before. Yeah. And it was sort of up you to you to figure it out. So they were, they were incredible teachers. Yeah. They, I'm sure I'll tell you They're Still the same. Yeah. They made it extremely comfortable for Jabi like me to come through and, and have some fun live out one of his childhood dreams, man. In, in terms of the hosts from when you were on, when you were working for SNL, who, who was the most memorable or the one maybe that that blew you away with their ability to go from one world into the SNL? Like hosting? There's only one that stands above all others. The man that when they made the song, we Are The World, I don't know who it was.


Said, hey, the Statue of Liberty just walked in and it was Ray Charles. Oh wow. Ooh. Holy cow. Nice Ray Charles completely buries every other entertainer I've ever met or worked with or read about. Why Is that? In what way I'm gonna make it do what it do. Baby Ray Charles that night came on, not only did he memorize all his lines, true. I don't wanna say Ray Charles was not using cue cards say that Ray Charles was not using cue cards. Ray Charles knew all his lines. Cold Ray Charles came on and played solo.


He played with the Ettes, he played with his septa and he played with Saturday Night Live orchestra. And he may have played with his quintet as well. And he killed and murdered every single one of 'em. And You know I gotta go at the end of that show, they play that song, they play the song and the saxophone's playing and you're like, Hey man, I had a great week. You're up there on the stage and you're waving to people. I did not wanna stand on that stage. I had no business being on the stage with Ray Charles. That's Awesome. Wow. That is so fucking cool, man. That was, I would not gonna lie. Wasn't expecting Ray man. That's awesome. He was the coolest man. Well, you got the, the 50th season celebration coming up. You you gonna go back to the old stomp grounds?


Yeah, certainly. Actually, I, I told him I'd like to host one this year, so maybe if I get organized, but I think that I'd, I think I did it two other times than when I was there. So I'd like to try it one more time. Is that it might be the last time to try it. When you go back, do you have like skits that you would have in mind or, when I Go back, the guys down at the desk say, do you have a photo id sir? And I gotta, I gotta go. Would you mind dialing this number and seeing if someone will come down and get me? I mean, we used to breeze through that place. You know, we, that was our giving A hard time again. And I can't get through security.


I cannot get through security. They're not kidding around. I Love it, man. Well hopefully we'll be able to see a host one this year. Yeah. Let's, let's transition a little bit to the movie career. What, you know, we talked about some of your iconic movies earlier. We just golfed So, we gotta bring up Caddy Shack. You talked about being a caddy earlier. Was your character based off somebody like when you were, when you were on the Course? Yeah. Oh yeah. My character, my or my character originally had one small scene in the movie. And I, I did have one line in the movie. I can't remember what it was exactly, but there was another Greenskeeper, a Scottish man. But they ended up liking my stuff and they kept asking me to come back down and shoot more stuff. So that stuff. So your stuff wasn't Yeah, My stuff wasn't in the script. No, that is fucking gold, Man.


They're like, you get to get more this guy. Well I, we were ha I was having fun, you know, and I had the spirit of it. You know I was a caddy too, so, and I'd been a greenskeeper, I'd actually been a greenskeeper as well. So I had that thing nailed, screwed. And Gld You know I could come in and empower those Positions. You keep You keeping the lawn, you keeping the lawn in the back looking nice and tight. Just, just in case you need to take a few wedges back there. No, no, no. Short game. No, mine, mine, mine is a waste area. Did did you realize at the time that that movie would be the icon that it ended up becoming even before? No. Back then you were just doing it to have fun.


Yeah. You know. Yeah. You didn't think about, gosh, you didn't, you were just having the most fun, you know, and that was, that was a crazy, that was a bunch of really, really funny people. Yeah. In one place. That was, that was a dangerous group of funny people. We, you know, we lost some people on that movie. There's some people that tried to compete on that movie and just whoop, there they go downstream. There they went. But there, that was, you know, think about who those characters were, you know? Absolutely. Ted Knight and Rodney Chevy and Chevy. So cool man. It was a great bunch of characters. It was really Brian, I, I'm forgetting most everybody, Michael. Yeah. But it was a, it was a nice bunch.


We talked About this out on the chorus and earlier Kingpin is a Lane Johnson. And I would just rave about that movie and quote, I, McCracken is IR McCracken the best movie villain of all time? Potentially Up, he's some of the cruelest things. Yeah. I mean just Like, talk about just a Bad guy. Oh, just a bad guy. Au Yeah. Not, not you, not you, you not you. I had to change hats here. This is the caveman. This is the official logo of the, of the, the design team. The, the, the builders and grinders. Yeah. That was the cruel, the, the cruelest thing I ever said professionally. We're doing a scene, we're doing, we're in a coffee shop scene and I'm just playing this total creep.


And I think I'm stealing bags of sugar at the time or something I, what I'm doing. But put it in. I look over at some women at the next day, Hey, how are you? And one of the ladies, they were just like day players. They, they didn't have lights. She said, I'm okay. I said, no, not you, not you, you, you. And it was just the meanest, meanest thing I could do. And there was this silence that was so, so, so horrible. It was so horrible. And the director, the fairly says, just let it go. They just let this horrible thing just sink in. And finally after about 99 seconds, they said, cut.


And I had to like, go look, get on my knees in front of this woman saying, I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. I'm just playing a horrible person. You're very, very beautiful. You're very beautiful. If I didn't have to work Right now, we'd leave. You know, we'd leave. It was so horrible. I was just like, oh God, please say cut so I can get this apology over with. It Was so bad. I gotta know how this movie came about, man. Did you like know exactly the character and like how to portray him? Or did you kind of just like fall into it? I kind of, well they certainly, I mean, the Fairley wrote a really, you know, pretty great sketch of it. But to their credit, they kept saying, and I can pimp them now 'cause they, it's, it worked.


But they would say, how about If? you say this and it would be, I'd say, let me try something. And the 'cause they would, they'd sort of throw one up there on the wall. They were throwing beauty on the wall all the time. Yeah. But it made you always think more like, okay, no is the opposite of improv, but yes. And yeah, yeah, yeah. That idea. But something, so it made it just really fun and it just kept getting better. And, and the more they said they would suggest ridiculous things, you go, okay, do you want Go? How about If? you go there, I'll go, I got that. I got that area, but how about if I knock down a five iron instead? You know, it was sort of like that.


It was sort of like, yeah, I know where you're going here, but let me see what I can do. It Seems like you're a natural athlete. Were you always a bowler as well, or? Yeah, I'm, I'm a, I'm a natural athlete. Just a natural. We saw that today ca actually, you know what I'm saying? Actually I'm very proud of that. All those strikes I rolled, I rolled those live. I rolled all those strikes live. Did you nail those last? Three. Three Consecutives. One. I rolled every one of those. You took that last frame. I rolled them live against Roy. That's awesome, man. And I nailed them all. They couldn't, you know, 'cause all they're thinking is how many takes is this gonna take? Yeah. Yeah. Dumb. Every single one I rolled working with a professional. Every single one I rolled, excuse me, I rolled a strike. That was my, that may have been an athletic peak for me. I got there. That was pretty good.


Of course they're editing of that movie. What's that song? Who was with a, well, showdown. It's like a ELO is it Showdown the music of that. Yes. That, that bowl off thing, that hair thing at end. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The hair thing was a really good thing too, that you nailed that. It's also Oh my, yeah. I, I sent, I send those memes in that, that little short video out to everyone when I'm just feeling unstoppable. The turn and Right. The hair, dude, it's fucking gold. So good. When I get my special Oscar, when they wheel me out, that's the footage I want.


So Good Man. Yeah. That was, I I and I like to say, the first day at, at work in the, in the makeup trailer, I said there's, I'm next to Woody Harrelson. I go like, Woody, what are you gonna do with your hair? He said, I'm going with the comb over. And I said, me too. I could comb over guy was the comb over guy. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. That's so cool, man. We both had some pretty hair, funny comb overs in that one. That was some great hair scenes. I had to go to. I had to, I knew I didn't see the movie and I, and I only really saw, I only really saw what I shot. I didn't see like all this other stuff that they'd done. Oh yeah. Like the landlord stuff with the lady Oh. gosh.


Which is so gruesome. It's so horrible. Sade, I'm gonna send you a VCR Mr. Musson. I took, Oh. And this stuff was so rough and so raw. And I took my son Luke to it and he was 10. And I'd never, I didn't see a lot of this stuff. And there was stuff, oh My god, There was stuff, oh my God, there was stuff that was in the movie that when we were doing it, I said, no, no, no, you can't use that. They, no, no, no. Just say it. We're not gonna use it. I'm like, no, no, you're not gonna say that. And they, they cheated and they cut things together that were inappropriate. Yeah, yeah. Inappropriate. Selfishly, I thank them. I was so stunned. We walked in silence. I'm walking with my 10-year-old son.


We walked in silence about two and a half blocks to a parking garage to get to the car. I hadn't said a word. And he said, you were good dad. Nice. Did he ask any questions about the Don't the delivery that wasn't obviously wasn't your fault. You were good Dad. Classic man. You know What the Bible says about forgiveness? It's against it. Which time It's Against it. Okay. You mean the eye for an eye thing or another thing? Well, speaking of people that you've worked with, we talked about, you know, your favorite on Sn l. That is movie. Movie, yeah. Right. Yeah. Who's your Favorite, I don't know, actor or person you've worked with in the film industry.


You did Space Jam with Michael Jordan. I, well he was probably the best shooting guard that I worked. Larry Larry the Best Mall Forward. And actually Larry was the best. He was in that movie too. He was the best Small forward. So good. That was fun. That was a very fun movie. We got to, we shot, we played golf in between scenes. It was a lot of Fun. I don't want to go get too much into Space Jam be, but it is one of the childhood favorites of ours and so many others, man. How, how did, how did Space Jam come into play for you?


Were you, you just like, because you were so in the sports world as well, like your fandom and your, your ability to kind of dive into all these sports. Did that, did that play into getting the role or? So I knew Ivan Wrightman, who I'd made a couple of movies with already. Ghostbusters and Stripes and Meatballs. He was a producer on it. He was a Warner Brothers movie, I think. And they had to build a basketball court for Michael on the lot. And they built like a serious basketball court with a weight room. Yeah. We've heard. Yeah. And it was like the game Oh, gosh, like If, you were an American basketball player. You had to suck your way into that, that game every night.


And Michael would play after work when they were on, on location or on the set on, on in, in the studio. And it was like a real serious wood floor gym and the whole deal. And that was a real, like every If you, no matter what team you played for, you had to get into that game. 'cause that was who was who and who wasn't. That's so cool friend. But they, I know, I just like to say that about nine people said, you know, Michael really wants you to be in Space Jam. Which is like, I, I get a kick outta saying this all the time. I like pimp Michael all the time, whatever I can. But Michael really wants to be in Space Jam and all you have to do is not, that's all you gotta do is Because it just means You know. I bet you Mike can find my phone number.


Yeah. Right. I bet you if he sets his mind to it, he could find my phone. Yeah. Or he could find out where I live or even, you know, walk up on the street. That's Not a hard way. So, but basically that, I know there are people like that in the world and you'll meet them that, that they're, they feel like they never wanna be indebted to anybody for anything. They don't wanna know anybody, anything. So they'll have their people sort of ask something. Have you ever noticed this? You ever seen this yet? Yes. Of course. Yeah. So they'll have someone else ask for you. Yeah. So I knew exactly day one, I knew exactly what was coming here. I heard from everybody. I probably hear it from like 13 different people. And the more people, the more I enjoyed it.


'cause I knew it was like that son of a bitch is just twisting, knowing he's gotta ask me himself. But it was good. He finally, he did God bless him. And it turned out did he on the Golf course? Where'd he find you? I don't, I don't really remember Down or I don't really remember. But it was good. I was glad I was there and I, I contributed to that movie. You had, you had to have gotten in at least one of the games. Oh no. I, I had no, no. I mean, I don't think I, I may have just only shot a basket before the game that, that game was like, I mean, they were emptying prisons to get into that game. There were people They Would never be allowed to play in the NBA that were playing in that game.


Love. They were just some amazing athletes Wow. In that game. And like, like the best high school players that try to show up there and they'd just, Michael just kicked their ass. He'd just, oh, I love it's, people would come in there, think of that game and Michael just murder him. He was, he was a killer. You Just, you just don't have like stories or like a legend like that anymore. Like everything is just so social media forward that it, like stuff like that just gets posted and, and the story of it, the legend of it never like rides anymore. And I just love stuff like that. Like, like stories of Dr J playing on the be on the playground or stories of Michael Jordan having these like basketball gyms everywhere he goes so that he can stay on top of his game while he is working man.


And it was never a thing, like Michael Jordan called up someone and said, Hey, I'm having a basketball game. It was the same deal. Like Michael Jordan is having a game, you know, and, and these, and it was not like anyone at all was invited. And you could tell that no one was invited. You could tell that like Reggie Miller wasn't invited sort of, but he was, he had to be there. Yeah, because he was Reggie Miller. He is like, wait a minute, I'm the best shooter. I gotta all these guys. It wasn't like any, like Michael was particularly friendly towards anybody, you know, it was like, just I'm gonna kill you. It was, it was fun. See it was, it Was interesting I like a line out the door at Warner Brothers are just NBA stars just with their gym bag just waiting Every level. I mean like at 9:00 PM Every Yeah I like all of UCLA southern cal, every histor historic guy was there thinking that they could still play.


There was a grimness about it. You know, you see that, like that dream team doc, you know where Oh yeah. Of course all of a sudden it gets real serious. Oh yeah, well it was like that you, where you go like, oh my god, there, you know, it wasn't exactly blood and it wasn't exactly fighting, but it was, you know, It was, I would assume that Michael set the tone for that because when you watch the last dance and you watch the dream team and you hear his competitive nature, you know, you, you would assume that he, he definitely set that tone when everybody walked in that, in that gym. Like this is for, I mean for lack of a better word, this is for killers or like guys that that love to compete so much that they're gonna get, you're gonna get every ounce of it tonight.


Like Yeah, I feel like that that's How you, it was like, don't ever play golf with him. Don't ever play golf with No, I'm telling you. Alright, we're gonna get to this last section. You've, what is this been gracious last? It's called, we gotta ask, we ask you a bunch of questions. There's only a couple in here, but you don't have to answer You know I haven't asked you. That's we gotta ask. But you don't have to. I didn't ask you. Well, you can absolutely ask any questions you want. I don't know if I'm that way. We'll find out after you ask me. Alright. You don't have to answer. you can tell us to fuck off. Please. Lemme finish your question at least. First. So, we recently reviewed Roadhouse, the original Patrick Swayze film. Yes. There is a legend out there that you used to call the husband of Kelly Lynch who plays Dr. Clay anytime.


A particular scene came on with Patrick Swayze on the television. Is this rumor true? One of the hardest things I ever had to do was to call a friend and, and at a, at a late hour, I mean very, very, and not without some talk, some back and forth. Should I, should I, should I shouldn't I?


And as a friend you Had To do it. I did not, I did not identify myself, but I just said, hey, as a friend, I think she'd probably turn on TB s right now. Pass out. Oh God. Because that son of a bitch, pat Swayze slam it to your wife. Oh.


gosh, Swayze Swayze may rest in pace, did a lot of wonderful things. A beloved guy. But that was wrong what he did. Dude, this is why you're, you're the legend. God, That's so good. That's right. Thank you for this gold man. Ah, he is wrong. It's wrong. Are we done now? Bill, Murray, Ladies and gentlemen, Bill, thank you so much for coming on our show.


Pissed. I missed this one man. Fuck. Like I'm sorry you weren't here for this But. yeah. You also missed out on the best energy bar I've ever been given in my life from Bill. You got some good energy. The best like pre round, like in round snack. I Think it still got the in My pocket. Yeah, it's street. It's You got it. Legal. What's the OT dude? I'm telling you Right now. CLX snacks. Yeah, it's some clack snacks. This is a, it's the, it's mini version. A fruit bar fruitcake. It's Claxton fruitcake Dude telling And it's made in Claxton, Georgia. 20 miles from Send you some. This is an amazing Side. People have gone to war like in Europe over fruitcake. This is the greatest fruitcake ever made.


And it's extraordinary. It is so damn good. It was, We stopped there, we stopped there last two years ago on the way. I'm sending You a bunch. It it's real good. They do deliver and these guys are golfers too, which is even more, more wonderful. It's in the realm of like energy bar on the course. Well it's a fruit cake but it's, it's the best tasting one you've ever had. Am I not You not exaggerating by Very good. And it's just a burst way to find out of Energy. These guys are gonna be Thrilled at this. It's really good marketing. It's really, but it's, It's really good. Are are the people paying for the ad space are gonna be very upset with how good this ad just was, but damn it, it's a damn good fruit bar so they deserve it.


Fuck yeah. It's, it's really good. And If you have, I have these in your golf bag is a great thing. Yeah. 'cause it's like you get weak around 14, you know, too much beer or whatever. Yeah son. I'll take the five iron and then one of those cls Down. Well, hey Yeah David, so well thank you so much for joining us. Welcome. It was fun. This was awesome. Thank Keith. Thank you. Alright. Okay, well enjoy that Kansas City experience. So who's gonna win the Super Bowl? Come On now. Tra thinks it's gonna be Kansas City. Who's gonna be your competition? Let me put it this way. Who's gonna be your competition in the Super Bowl? I think a little Eagles rematch. They're getting hot at the right time. They are getting hot at the right time. They're Getting hot at the right time. It'll be, I think it's, it's, it's in the a FC have the Chiefs and the bills and then in the NFC, Detroit and Philly seem to be the top.


Well, hell, I could have come up with that. You guys are supposed to be pros. Whoa. Welcome To the, the Lions and Eagles. Oh, nice work fellas. And That wraps up another episode of New Heights. That's right. Thank you to our incredible guest Bill. Dude, this Is, I think this is the outside of talking to you on a weekly basis because we obviously enjoy doing that. Yeah, I just, I can't believe that I fucking played golf today. What? Fuck. And did a podcast episode with Bill Murray. You son of a Bitch. What the fuck are we, how do we do all the, You get here the fun shit in season, don't you? Well you keep playing football. I'll keep having all the fun out here by the way. Never leave, never grow up.


Stay as long as you can. It's a little dark. Although it is pretty cool when you get to have days with Bill Murray, but I don't know that that's happening again. Alright, make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. Nah, Nah.


Remember you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and at Free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights is a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and entertainment and brought to you by GOOGLE TV No more endless browsing Google TV makes it easy to find what to watch. That's right. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one F for fun clips throughout the week. We'll have plenty of 'em with this Bill Murray interview baby. And thanks to our production and crew always. And thank you to the 92 Percenters for tuning in and listening to these two dickhead. All right, we'll see you guys. Yeah, Thanks guys. Jake, you wanna come in and talk about that jet game? Fuck no, Dude. Bill's response to the Roadhouse question. I'm so glad that we did that movie and then had Bill. It was a good, like, it was just teed up so well For this was a good job intern. I heard him McCracken himself. I wanted to just rip off quotes the entire episode, but I felt like Anytime you have like an actor, but that is just Kind of, he didn't want to talk about himself. It's not His vibe. Although he, he appreciated when you brought up some of the quotes. Are you hanging on? Are you still upset about that? I said I was sorry and I meant it. It's one of my favorite lines of that movie. Are you still upset? I still can't believe his mom. Fucking laid cement. All right, here we go. Follow New Heights. on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App, Apple, Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The NFL season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup for today's sponsor, SeatGeek, And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. you can get 10% off any ticket on SeatGeek with the code. You guessed it. New Heights And that works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis and the Chiefs play. You name it. Save yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek app and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's right. It does not matter. Once again, that's code New Heights for 10% off.