
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today It's time to shout out our sponsor Audible. Audible lets you enjoy all your audio entertainment In one app, you'll always find the best of what you love or something new to discover. And if You're looking to try out a new genre, audible has you covered with their incredible selection of audio Books. you can also discover exclusive audible originals from our top celebrities, renowned experts, and exciting new voices in audio. That's Right, Trav Audible includes thousands of podcasts from popular favorites to exclusive new series. Plus, the Audible app makes it easy to listen anytime, anywhere, while traveling, working out, walking, doing chores. And as an audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. There's more to imagine when you listen. Try Audible today at audible.com/new Heights. Again, That's audible.com/new Heights. Check it out.


As NFL players We know sleep plays an important role in recovery. And We are all unique in what we need from our beds, which Is why Sleep Number and the NFL have been partnering since 2018 to bring quality sleep to elite athletes. As Super Bowl champions, we both know how important a good bed is to everyone. Plus Sleep Number Smart Beds show you your sleep quality every morning in the Sleep number app, and they're the best beds for couples because you can individualize each side. 92% has taken from us. If you're in the market for a new bed, you should stop at a Sleep Number store near you, or head to Sleep number dot com.


I know you wanted to clear some of the air, so go ahead. Yeah. Again, You know I kind of talked about it on Monday Night Countdown. Yeah, no, I'm just gonna address it because I feel like it needs one more time, and then hopefully we can stop talking about this really stupid situation that occurred. Absolutely. I'm with you, man. I, I'm not happy about the situation. Me reacting gave him the time of day, and it also gave this situation notoriety. That's what I regret. All right. It didn't deserve attention. It's really stupid. And if I just keep walking, none of it's a fucking, it's a nothing burger. Nobody sees it now, it's out there and it just perpetuates more hate. The thing that I regret the most is, is saying that word, to be honest with you, and, and, and the word he used is just fucking ridiculous.


And it, it takes it to another level. It's, it's, it's just off the wall, fucking over the line. And it's dehumanizing. It got under my skin and, and it elicited a reaction. And like in the heat of the moment, I thought in my head, Hey, what, what, what can I say back to him? I'm, I'm gonna throw this shit right back in his face. 'cause fuck him. I know now that that was, I shouldn't have done that because now there's a video out there with me saying that word, him saying that word. And it's not good for anybody. I think what I do regret is that now there's a, there's a video that is very hateful, that is now online that has been seen by millions of people. And I share fault and perpetuating it and having that out there, I know it's weighing on you, brother.


That shit sucks. You shouldn't, you shouldn't feel this much. Obviously the scrutiny and the, or the media like view on it and everybody passing around the videos that are being out there, I mean, that's, that's gonna make it a bigger situation than I think what it really is. But that the real situation is you had some fucking clown come up to you and talk about your family, and you reacted in a way that was defending your family, and you might've used some words that you regret using. And, and that's a situation that we're, you just gotta kind of learn from and, and own. And I think you owning it and you speaking about it shows how sincere you are to a lot of people in this world.


And shows that, especially what you said on Monday night, that you, you choose not to fucking you, you don't choose hate you. That's, that's, that's just not who you are. Yeah. I love you, brother. Love you too. I think, I think you said that perfectly. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and presented by Timberland and Vans. Ooh, jc. You had those Tims on, on this weekend. Baby God. love it, man. Little wide left. Yeah, they were twice. The first one was Foot A fucking missile, though. Wasn't the best footwear to kick on. I will say the, the, the, it was, it was a, it was like a little bit of a slant. Like we were on a Hill.


Don't make excuses, Jason. I'm Saying we were on a hill and Pat tried to tell me, he's like, listen, it's gonna come out like a draw. You gotta aim a little bit to the right. Yeah. And sure enough, I didn't do that. That first one, the first one I hit really well, if that thing would've gone to the right, if I would've aimed it to the right, it would've been great. Second, I'm try to aim to the right and I just miss Hitt it bad. Miss Hitt it. Dude, real Bad. The camera angle. You couldn't even see the actual field goal post for I I I don't think all you saw was the tree far left and you kicked it right at the tree. Dude, I gotta, do you know who Mark Mosley is? He's the, he's the only kicker ever to win the N-F-L-M-V-P. He won in like 1982 for like the Commanders or something like that. That's, I don't even know if I Think. it was 80. Either way. He, he's a straight on kicker Of course.


He's, I Googled. 'cause I don't know how to kick straight on. I'm like taking notes because Jason, I didn't, I couldn't train. Right. This is why That you missed it. You didn't just go up there and be an athlete. This is why you, you got too calculated. You tried to read the directions. Goddammit. Jesus, Jason, I never got Straight on kick to Style kicking camp. You know how to kick. That was soccer style though. I didn't, I never did the straight on kick. I didn't know how to do straight on kick. I don't know what the, what the parameters are. Unbelievable, Jason. All right, we'll, we'll talk more about this a little further down the road, man. We're your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland. Heights, Ohio baby, just northeast Ohio. Ball players baby. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Ladies and gentlemen, and Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. We got all types of fun shit that you can follow along with on social. And Jason, why don't you tell the people what we got coming up for this episode. Well, We got a fun one lined up for you guys. As always. We're going, we gonna talk about the Chiefs overtime. Win a Monday Night Football, Saquon doing some never seen before, hurdles on a football field. It's a bad man. And All the rest of the biggest storylines from week nine in the National Football League. Alright, we're gonna move on to a little bit of that. New news. New news. Who's coming in?


New news is brought to you by Yellowstone on Paramount Network. Don't miss the Epic return this Sunday at eight. That's right. At eight o'clock seven central only on Paramount Network.


Sounds good. I'm a big fan of Yellowstone. It makes me want to get property in fucking Montana. Yeah, Dude. I mean, it's, It makes me wanna own a show. Enough land to drive my helicopter all over my land. Yeah. Horses And guns. It's a time tried and true combination. All Right. now let's, let's keep this thing moving to a little film club. Oh yeah. Next week we're going to review our next movie for the new Heights Film Club. Oh yeah, That's right. And since we reviewed Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, we're going the opposite direction. This time we're gonna review a non chick flick movie. We're gonna go the opposite direction and go like, just as pure testosterone filled masculinity as we can think of.


I can't wait to hear the reviews from all the Swifties and everybody else. Didn't that watch our show? Didn't feel you didn't feel the masculinity in the I'll tell you what, I I did feel it from The Grease. The Greek No, the, yeah. The Greek guy. Yeah. I mean, listen, Costas was pretty masculine. There's nothing more masculine than romantically Charming a young woman other than blood sport. We Asked an 92 Percenters to give us some masculine options. And this is what some of you thought a masculine movie should be The notebook, which kind of aligns with what Jason was just saying right there. Yeah. I don't even like calling this masculine. I think that's where we're going on. I want an action packed, just like freaking A a dude's movie. We watched the chick flick and now we're gonna watch a Dude's dude movie and Nice.


Yeah. We're gonna go that route. Nice. Because I do think there is something like, listen, it's masculine now to, to Woo A Woman. Woo woo. Ain't nothing unmasculine about that. Or to Woo a mate. It is masculine. All Right. now, Some recommendations you guys send our way, the notebook, Hannah Montana, the movie Legally Blonde, 27 Dresses Titanic. None of those are gonna be in the Yeah, No, this doesn't Multiple Choice selection that we are Gonna pick. Not this time around. Not this time around. This time around. We're going for like The Predator. That's right. We want, we want the Film Club Movie. It's Escape From New York. Hold on, we're gonna get into it. We want the Film club to be very diverse. Yeah. No, every, everybody had, we're getting, We're we're going the opposite direction this week And we'll go another direction the next month.


So these are some of the options we're thinking about Predator. Ooh, Escape from New York. Mm. Deer Hunter. Do you know Deer Hunter? Don't know Deer Hunter. I think Deer Hunter was actually filmed, at least in part in Cleveland. Great movie. Great movie. Cliffhanger. Ooh, Sylvester Stallone. Yeah. Famously Pared by Ace Ventura. Deer Hunter. No. Fight Club. Fight Club. Yep. Classic Fight Club is, I haven't seen that one in a while. Fight Club's long. It's a long movie. It's It is very good. Definitely not a Christmas movie. I saw a lot of people saying that. Nonsense. It is not a Christmas movie. It does not have Christmas spirit.


You're not gonna buy, you're not gonna buy Into that. Just it's locationally and, and timely happening in Christmas. It's not a Christmas movie. Commando. Maybe the best one-liner movie of all time. Seriously. Fantastic. This is one that I am, I'm just gonna say it, Right. now this one is in the multiple choice, Regardless of what they, why This movie that I'm about to say is in the vote, no questions asked. 'cause I don't know of any movie that represents kind of what I'm looking for more than this blood sport. Jean Claude Band Dam. Damn man. Yeah, baby. Yeah. It Randy. Randy Jackson. What's the, what's the sidekicks name? Randy. I Think. It's Randy Jackson.


Right? I have no idea. Randy. Something I Remember like the premise of blood score. The fact that you remember this type of shit on news is the best. Ray Jackson. Ray Jackson. Yeah. We got Dirty Harry. Maybe Goodfellas. Goodfellas. Good Damn good. Fells. I was, I was rocking a Goodfellas shirt on here. It's a Good one. Yeah. Scarface friend. Yeah. Rambo. Gladiator. Gladiator. And there's an, there's a sequel coming out, right? Denzel's in it. You heard About this? I have no idea. Oh, no, no, no. Yeah, I do it. I gladiator. Yeah. I thought we were still talking about Rambo. Rambo Gladiator is, yeah.


No, I was a part of the commercial that was helping promote that thing. Roadhouse was also another recommend. I mean Roadhouse. Dude. Roadhouse, you Gotta go original. We're not going with The new one. Roadhouse Original. Go original. The original Roadhouse is a fucking Dude. So good. So good. The throat, a Throat punch. My it comes outta nowhere. Like it comes, it starts with a, that movie starts the most normal way possible. It starts and it's like, okay, this is kind of a cool movie. He's gonna come help out this, this bar that needs to be reshaped and everything. And then it turns into like, he rips a guy's throat out of his like esophagus.


And then like, and then they end it at a house. And like everybody just takes turns shooting a dead guy with a shotgun over and over again. It's dark so It gets so ridiculous. But these are the kind of movies we're talking about. This is What we're talking about. Ladies and gentle don't Want it to make a lot of sense. We just want it to be just Pure adrenaline. No, we just want it to be fucking pure Adrenaline. I wanna see someone's throat. All Right. So what, what movies Represen out their body? What movies represent the pure adrenaline? I think we put Predator in there. I'm gonna say Gladiator. Just 'cause I wanna watch the first one before I see the second one. I feel Like gladiators, it's gladiator's like an actually good film. Like if there's like ups and downs and like feelings, you know what I mean?


Feeling like there's no Feelings. There's feelings in Roadhouse. Are. you kidding me? Well, maybe Roadhouse shouldn't be in. I don't know. I'm just saying like, this is like, they're Ridiculous. No feelings. There's feelings in all of these. I feel like Gladiator is different than a lot of people talking About except blood sport. Blood sport might be the only one where there's not feelings. I think Blood sports gotta Be it. And Goodfellas. Goodfellas. There's no feelings in Good fellas. Ku Ate fine. Okay. We got Predator and Blood. Sporter in, what are the other two? I say gladiators just 'cause I wanna see it. Let's go Fight Club. Fight Club's a good one. I wanna, I wanna rewatch Fight Club. I haven't seen that one in a while. All right. Fight Club. Put it on there. He's pissed. I mean, fight, fight Club really isn't in the same genre either.


It's, it's too good. It's too good of a film. Like we need, It's too good of a film. What are we trying to watch here? I I'm, I'm thinking of those like eighties, nineties action movies that are like, you know, commando like Commando's. Just like Roadhouses A terrible movie. It's almost Roadhouse. If. you watch Roadhouses. It's not a good movie. Roadhouse is not. You're right. No, it's fantastic. It's fantastic. It's like these movies that like aren't Like If you, you're a dude. It's so, you know what I'm talking about. I don't know how to describe it. That's why Roadhouse should be in it. Alright, Roadhouse is in. Alright. Fight Clubs out. Roadhouse is in. I wanna put Commando in. Should we have two Arnold movies in there?


I mean, it's the, that's the dude of all dudes. We're missing like a Sylvester, like Rambo. Do we need Sly to have like a presence in this movie? It's only Fair in This like genre. It's only fair Cliffhanger. Gosh, what's Cobra? I have no idea. That's, I've never heard of that movie. Just looking at these pictures is hilarious. All right. Cobra said they're Cobra. I've never seen. It'd be, it might be fun to watch a movie you've never seen before. Alright, take Roadhouse out. Put Cobra in. Wait. So Co wait. Roadhouse is, I thought we were done. Is this it? What do you think is more of that genre? Fight Club or Roadhouse? Roadhouse? I think Fight Club is No fi fight club's very like, it's like, there's like symbolism and like, like fight club's way too, like good of a cinematic film.


I feel like they're like trying to make a statement. Cobra's out. Command is in Cobra's out. Command is in. All right. Yeah, let's keep this thing moving. Alright, That's our final four. We're gonna put that up to a fan vote. The the final four will be Predator, bloodsport, Roadhouse and Commando. Nice. Which either any of those four movies will be fantastic. And we look forward to seeing which movie you guys wanna watch of those four. Fantastic. Might be a stretch. I think it's exactly what we're looking for, but Fantastic. Might be a stretch. Oh no, it's, there's no stretch about it, Dude. All righty, If, you wanna get access to all of our bonus content? Make sure you sign up for Wondery Plus and great news. 92 Percenters. Great news this Friday, November 8th, we're going to be dropping an incredible episode with World Series MVP Freddie Freeman.


That's right. Oh yeah, baby. So make sure that you check that out on Friday. That's right. You won't wanna miss it. No you won't. No you won't. What a guy. Yeah, what a fucking guy, man. Dude. Incredible dude. I mean, he's easy to root for. Goddammit. He is. I mean, I want him to go win another one next year, man. He was very fun to talk to and I can't wait to see what that episode looks like on Friday. Alright, Right, now that Does it for new news, which is brought to you by Yellowstone on Paramount Network. Let's Get out of the House. Moving on to out of the house. Jason, you met up with your friend Pat McAfee. Damn buddy. Jason, you met up with our friend Pat McAfee in Old Happy Valley as the Penn State Nitty Lions. Were hosting the Ohio State Buckeyes.


We've been to a few Buckeyes games, getting recruited up in the good old state of Ohio. But you, you were there to, to raise some money. I was, yep. Were trying To victims for, Yeah. Pat's incredible man. He's awesome man, isn't he? He's the best. And you know, he's turned this whole kicking thing in on game day to the charitable com charitable component, and they're raising a lot of money for hurricane relief and it's, That's awesome, man. It's, Yeah, I don't know. It's just an awesome way to take an event that's already fun and has a bunch of support around it and use that in a way that helps a community that's in need Right now. So yeah, for those of you that aren't aware, I did not help.


I missed RIF horrendously Boom. Dude, That was a fucking missile. I mean, Dude, that, I mean, that's good. From like 60 yards. You fucking booted that You can see the slope. Yeah. A second chance. There it is. You're a man. You're a man of, of, you know, you understand angles. This is why you played hockey. This is why you played lacrosse. You are very good at second, second chance Understanding. Understanding these things. You're a competitive guy. Look at him trying to, he's gonna size this one up. Oh. gosh, I wanna see where it went wrong. I haven't watched the tape yet. All right, so You haven't watched this, you Kicked this one way too toe heavy on your, you gotta you gotta get more square down that thing, man.


One two. Well, I was trying to catch it at the angle 'cause I wanted to hit it to the right. No, I stepped too close to it. Stepped too close to it. Yes. Yeah, you did. It Was, listen, this guy fucking sucks dude. It was the fucking ba Dude him said, this guy sucks. Think you missed it the second time. God damnit, man. There's that tree all the way to the left. About a mile. About as far left as you were to the goalpost. That's how far left you kicked it. I mean, it was almost, it was almost directly left. This, this picture, you gotta put up the picture.


The, the at that thing, the tree, the tree is literally fucking 50 yards to the left. I mean, that is No, It's, it's, listen, I, apparently I kick field goal is the way I hit a golf ball. So nice. Very nice. Just a bit outside. Yeah, no, I think, I think from one special teams guy to another because we are teamers. Yeah. You, you you didn't do me proud Jason. I thought you were gonna fucking nail this man. Yeah, No, I'm aware I like, listen, I can put some practice in and make it. I just, You, I mean, yeah, I did.


In the spirit of, of the spirit of competition. I didn't wanna do that. I could have went up to the Cleveland guardian's, you know, home opener and fucking threw a strike if I really practiced But. Yeah. We just wear footwear. That didn't slide when you were on the mountain Or just actually warmed up. Yeah. Well, I did warm up you this picture. See picture right here. I did warm up. I'm stretching. I made sure that it was nice and loose. I did not want to tear a hip flexor doing this. And I will say, Were you a little sore? My Knees sore after I tried it. I definitely hyperextended it a little bit. You can't, you gotta keep those quads fucking, yeah, Well you gotta kick Through it. What was, what was Kylie's advice? Kylie Didn't gimme any advice. She was zero help in this endeavor.


She said maybe you should have worn tight pants. Oh, Oh yeah. So that she did say that, that Of course in reference to my advice to, you Know, show the bulge. Hey, Listen, sometimes it works. Hell yeah. Sometimes it doesn't. Shout out to Kylie for listening to our Wonder Plus exclusive episode where we gave, where we gave great advice for people in marriage trying to rekindle that flame. Yeah, baby. Well, even though Jason missed the field goal, there was still a ton of money donated to the Hurricane Relief Fund.


That's right. Souls for Souls. Gotta love it, man. Pat tweeted out, we still donated 200,000 to Hurricane Relief, as will Timberland and Vans. That's unbelievable. Hashtag kick it forward. I suck at kicking is what Jason was in quote saying. And yes, you do. Yep, you do. That was atrocious. I I thought you were gonna do way better than that, but thank You Captain. Obvious All Right. now we also asked, we also asked you guys to send us your field goal kicks with the hashtag Kick it forward and you delivered, Hey, maybe the most impressive came from 8-year-old. 92% are trick shot Jake on Instagram. Trick shot. Jake, is this from Jets? Jake?


Ah, let's see it. Ah, Are. you kidding me? Right through Are. you kidding me, Jason? He's he's Already better than me. 10 times better than you. Gosh. You can't even, well done, Jake. You can't even, you can't even do that with football. I don't Know that. I can't. You're right. My wrists are destroyed from playing football. My elbow hurts. I kind of heard my wrists doing that right there for hate. Fuck Ah, You know, getting old out here. Well, that was, that was an awesome trick. Shout Jake. Who knows, man, maybe it was Jason works hard enough. He can be as good as you one day. Shout out once again to our friends at Timberland Advance for making this possible and If, you guys want to help spread the word on this incredible charity.


Charity. Send us your videos of kicking and some Tims or Vans and hashtag kick it forward. And our friends at Vans and Timberland will keep on donating. Awesome, awesome stuff. All Right. And Trav got outta the house this weekend. You headed it out to Indianapolis for the he's Tour. I did, man. I wanted to see Tay one more time before this thing got closed up. And I'll tell you what man, the, the American crowds, they did not disappoint. I heard that it was a lot more rowdy this time around knowing she was coming back to stop through America one, one last time before the tour was over with. And I'll tell you what, man, that thing was rocking. Yeah, buddy. Absolutely Rocking If. you don't believe me. Pat McAfee had one of the greatest tour or show reviews that I've ever seen.


Fantastic. So check out. I'm sure you can go on Pat McAfee show on, on YouTube and check that out. But yeah, it was fun. Saw Kaitlyn Clark there, got to meet Caitlyn. Hey, she's awesome. She loves being out there in Indianapolis as it's a fun city and we're both just true Midwesterners to the heart. You know, played high school ball, college ball, pro ball all out here in the Midwest. And it was cool catching up with her. Yeah. Was her, were her dance moves as good as her Free throw her jump shot, jump shot? Nah, she was, she was in, she was into the show for sure. She was there with her mom and a few friends. She had been, I think this is like her third or fourth show she had been to. She's a, she's a swifty through and through man. Yeah. Loves the show. I went to night two, she had already been to night one and you know, it's, I think she's just having fun going up to the shows and, and taking her friends and family and getting everybody to experience te up there on stage making the entire 69,000, 70,000 people go fucking nuts for three and a half hours, four hours.


Well yeah, it's a good place to go. If. You're looking to have fun. That's for damn the truth. That's the truth. All right.


The NFL season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup. That's right. From today's sponsor seeking, We have a special discount for you. 92 Percenters. You get 10% off any tickets on Secy, whether you're a new customer or not with the code, you guessed it. New Heights That's right back for their third season with New Heights SeatGeek gives you sports concerts, comedy shows going to see Travis and the Chiefs play. You name it, they got the tickets for you. you can grab 'em and experience a Monday night game in person like I do most weeks SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots, green means good red. Nah, that's So good. So save yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek gap and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. It does not matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's Code New Heights for 10% off terms Apply. Once again, that's code New Heights for 10% off.


We all love our dogs. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to keep them healthy and happy. That's where the farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies that are to the safety standards of human food. Traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh higher quality food. They also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog that makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. That's right. And Dogs at a Healthy Weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their their health. So Give 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights Plus you can get some free shipping on that. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights The Farmer dog. We love our dogs. That's right. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy and Happy. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food Right to your door is developed by vests nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To safety standards of human foods. Traditional Dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. That's right. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food and they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs At a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights plus you get FREE shipping.


Alright, let's move on to some bold topics. Wrap up week nine, starting with the Kansas City cheese. That's right. Okay. Alright. But in overtime on Monday Night Football, we were both in attendance 'cause this was an ESPN broadcasted game. Right now on Monday night. Yeah. Overtime game. Who doesn't love free football in Arrowhead? How about that Pat? 34 for 44 for 2 91. Three touchdowns, zero interceptions. God damn it man. Trev, you had a Monday night football record. That's right. You tied a Monday night football record with 14 catches. It's a lot of catches. Woo. Becoming Jerry Rice. I could've fucking Did you Drop a Pass? Could've had more.


Did I? I don't remember that. Yeah, I did. It was bad. It was right after I fumbled the ball. Yeah. How did, how'd you guys feel offensively? It felt like you guys moved the ball pretty well for the majority of the game, but I, we Kicked ourselves in the foot in the first half. Myself personally, did not play great both past game run game. I know I came up big on a few, a few plays here and there on that first drive, but after that I just wasn't happy with my performance. Even watching it today. It's just, I gotta be better out the gate for my guys and especially, you know, a team like the, a team like the Bucks who they, you give them confidence or that they can, they can hang in there with you. Not that they didn't already need it. You know I mean that team has some dudes that can fucking play the game.


They got great coaches. They're offensive defensive line man. Those dudes, they got big dudes out there moving, moving the pile. Yeah. And, and the everybody seems like they're, they're in tune with the game plan. Right. So that was not, that was not an easy win by any means, obviously going into OT and I got a lot of respect for those guys. And when Baker gets, gets hot, man, he, he is fun to watch, man. I'm sitting there on the, on the sideline like, man, I do not like this feeling in my stomach watching that last drive in the fourth quarter, but happy they went for the field goals. So it gave us a chance to get the offense back out there on the field and in ot, man. Yeah, but you're talking about the extra point.


Yeah. At the end of the day, man chief's just finding a way to win ball games baby at the, you know, the offense. We put together a great drive there in OT that we could really, you know, hang our hat on in terms of the game and, and move forward and feel like we we finished the game the right way. And, and you know, a lot of, a lot of that goes to Coach Reed and a lot of that goes to Pat Mahomes playing his ass off and a lot goes without offensive line for moving the fucking moving the fucking ball. Man. Hopkins had his first home game. That's right. Hopkins made his Arrowhead debut. What a night to have your first ever game. Not a Disappointment was rocking, man. Not A disappointment. That game was rocking. My Man swag was calling it a heist all night long.


Swag. That's good shit man. How kids had eight catches for 86 yards and two touchdowns, including this baby catch triple coverage. Show this real Quick How about it. Man, this Is an impressive throw man. Somebody right up in your face and he, pat just LOBs it up there. Find a way to get it to him, man. Catch gets it down there inside the five you guys ended up punching it in. Heck yeah. Yeah. How, how is it so far building the chemistry with Hopkins? What is Oh, It's the smoothest transition I've ever seen into the building. He's Been around for a bit. He knows, say First one in the park. He understand. And he's been, he's been on a few different, he's been in a few different organizations. Yeah. You know? Yeah. So it's like he understands how to, how to mix that chemistry.


He understands how to, how to incorporate himself and, and be himself in a new, in a new building. You know? And it's just been so fucking cool just to have him, I mean, we came in the same year, 2013 draft class. I've seen his success from a distance and, and to see him come into the building and, and notice what kind of professional he is, how he, how communicated he is or how he communicates in the building, you know, how he talks ball. Yeah. It's just, it's fun to have him around and, and it's just, it's given everybody kind of a, a juice and a morale of like confidence. And I call 'em swag champs man. When you get a swag champ like Dhop or somebody that comes in that just, you know, just how they carry themselves.


Boost the morale and the, and the confidence of everybody around them. And you can't teach that guy that type of shit. You either got it or you don't man. Right. And D Hop is 100% giving us that. And it showed on Monday night, man, we don't win that game without 'em. You ain't lying. Hopkins on the catch in triple coverage. Pat and I were just out there making a play. And that is the truth. They had the first initial route covered and I might have run the wrong route at first, but Pat was just working, Working with me, scrambling, Take ownership. I might have ran it, I might not have been doing the right thing, but we, we figured it out. We're on the same page. It's funny. Fuck. Right. So now we got multiple people just doing whatever.


I'll tell you what man Defense is just, you gotta be on your Toes baby. You, what is this concept? Yeah. Who knows? Good luck after this touchdown in the second quarter, he hit us with the remember the Titan celebration? Let's check this one out. Oh Yeah. Is this planned? Yeah. Oh. Ah. Oh, that shit is sweet. I love it when you get the whole line involved, man. Fuck. So was this something you guys planned out beforehand? You guys talked about? Yeah, well, I mean he has nothing but respect for the Titans man. And when he was, when he was in Tennessee, man, he said he, he, he respected everybody there and it was, it was what it was. He wouldn't be here without them.


So he, he was showing it in, in terms of like a celebration for him. And he said the same thing on Twitter. He said it, it was a shout to Tennessee If, you know me, you know, it's nothing but love for Nashville. Ran in his crew are like family. Without them I wouldn't be here. Yeah. Let's talk a little bit about the, the chief's offense and maybe just start calling it the clutch offense. That's right. Per our friend Jeff Schwartz. Schwartz E that's right after the Chiefs came back from down 17, 10, the third to take the lead, he tweeted, I will tap the sign again when the Chief's best is needed. They play their best last two drives, 12 plays of 70 yards, took off six minutes and 36 second drive that ended a touchdown.


Then they had a 15 play drive that was 75 yards and eight minutes and 26 yards, or eight minutes 26. I don't know why I can't fucking say This. It's, it was a six minute drive and a eight minute drive, a 12 play, 70 yard, six minute drive. Then they had a 15 play, 75 yard, eight minute drive, both of which resulted in the touchdown. There we go. How true is this statement? I feel like we're always out there trying to play our best. Right. But at the same time, you know, you get put in like gotta have it situations. And I think, I think we rally together when I do, I I I honestly believe that, I think, I think you just kind of feel the intensity rise.


You feel you have to be at your best. So you start to focus a little harder. You start to fucking have a little bit more sense of urgency to get to where you need to be or to, or to understand how you're gonna make this block. And on top of that you kind of just rally with the guys next to you. Yeah. I think Right now guys like Kareem Hunt, how he's fucking running Right now and the intensity and the, and the energy that he has and when he gets a big, when he gets a big gain, how fast he gets up and how, how much excitement he gets with that stuff like that goes so far in terms of the momentum and the, and the beast that you gotta feel like you are at your best in moments like that. And I, I really think that it's just, it's a culture that's set here and it's, it's how the coaches prepare us.


It's how we prepare with each other throughout the week. And it's an understanding of the game plan and what the other team's doing that that all has to be, you know, we all have to be on the same page in terms of that. Yeah. And, and and when we need it the most. I think that's when we all kind of come together and, and show that. No, and it happens week in, week out. It's so impressive. The consistency at which you guys do this thing, right? Yeah. And especially at the end of games, it just feels like it always goes your way. Scott Pelt said something to me, he's like, you know, and he learned it from somebody else, but you know, you have to learn how to win and you guys have clearly learned how to win despite any type of way the game goes. It finds like you guys always somehow just know what to do to make it right.


And that brings up this quote from Andy Reed in 2022. The unofficial team motto when it's grim be the grim reaper. Yeah. How About that? Yep. Alrighty. Overtime, final two minutes of regulation. Baker Mayfield leads the bucks on a touchdown drive with 27 seconds left on the clock. Todd Bowles elects to kick the PAT instead of going for two. Is that the right call? Would would you have done I would say this, yeah. Obviously to Coach Bowles. I told him afterward, man it is a fucking honor incredible to go up and, and and try and beat your football team every single time. True. Because God damn you guys are always prepared. You always have a, a great understanding and you guys always mold the defense based off of which opponent you play.


So you can't really catch a lot of Like don don't know scheme up against you. You just gotta kind of go out there and be at your best For sure. And man, I'll tell you what I I just think when you're in an away team, when you're at an away stadium, I feel like you go for it. Yeah. I think at home you got home field advantage, you got a lot of, a lot more energy. You had a long drive Momentums on your side. Yeah. I think Try and end it right there instead of, and and especially with the overtime rules in the regular season where you're not guaranteed a possession if the other team scores a touchdown, you just know you, you don't know whether or not you're gonna get that ball back. I kind of agree with you, but I'll kind of back tied up a little bit. I've been a part of this before we scored Dougie P'S first year we're in Baltimore.


We have a great late minute drive and we elect to go for two to end the game. Yeah. And yeah, we definitely got a blitz zero and we did not connect and the game was over and we lost. So it's one of those decisions like, you know, it's 50 50 I think with Pat there in Arrowhead, let's just try and get it done. Let's not even give him a chance to get the ball back and really make something happen. But I kind of see both sides of it. Chiefs win N Ot obviously the coin toss goes the chief's way and the Bucks never touched the ball again. Look at Baker's head the moment that he knew the he knew, I mean played his ass off. I don't know. I think it's just the the ah damn because you get you, you get the pick heads or tails.


It's so, it's such a fucking silly it I think it's such a wild like scenario to like put it into a coin flip on who's, who gets the ball. Well I Think it's great. What, how would You Know? I love it. I just think it's just so wild that that's what it comes down to. Well you still have to drive the full length of 100% touchdown. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's such an advantage to get the ball first. And I think that's what he's like, he's like, oh they got the advantage. I don't think he's like, oh, that's the game. You know I don't think B'S thinking that. Dude I, so I'll say this, I don't even know if I wanna share this, so yeah, I don't know if I'd wanna say this anyway, so Yeah, you're a tails guy.


I'm, yeah, I don't, I'll tell you after my career what I am. Fine. Fine. Alright. Oh you, you always pick the opposite one of whatever is on is face up. No, no. I just have a strategy of Like I don know You don't have any strategy. I do. I do. And it, and it's so dumb to try and have a strategy on coin flip. Well my, my strategy worked. Kareem Hunt finished with 27 Carries 1 0 6 in a touchdown. He also was the one to punch it in from the two yard line for the game winner in overtime. Game winner baby. How About that coming off the street, little Cleveland native guy getting, Come on baby Involved. The bulk of Hunts carries came in the second half. If the chiefs become a ground upon team, we talked about it a little bit on the desk.


You guys are running the ball. Well, I don't know, I guess it probably still rings true from this game. Over 40% of the offensive plays have been run calls, which is the highest in Pat's career. Now I don't know if that's, I don't know if that stat is exclusively first, second down like run situation or if that's like a generic, but either way you guys are running more than ever since Pat Mahomes has been the quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs. Yeah. I think it's probably multifaceted, right? Where one, you guys have a great offensive line and you're having a lot of success so you're gonna keep doing it. But then two, the doing the way defenses are playing this year, we've talked about it like run Yardages up across the league and this is just a mark of a great coach who's taking, he's like, Hey listen, teams are playing these soft coverages, keep everything in front of it So.


We're gonna freaking get after it and take what they're giving us. Is that fair to say? I think, I think it's every team's different, right? Yeah. Every team's different. Their mold is different, their weapons are different. Right now our offensive line is they're moving the pile man. Yeah. And our offensive run coordinator coach Andy Heck, he is, heck he has been dialing those things up and figuring out the best situations, the best runs to, you know, put our guys in the best situation out there on the field. And that's including, you know, the tight ends. That's including the, you know, the interior three that we got, the big, the three-headed monster we got and Big Toney Creed and Trey Smith. And you add Juana Morrison there who's been blocking his ass off since he's been given the start.


And on top of that, you know, Juwan Taylor's been playing his tail off these past two, three weeks, man. And I think our offensive line is, is one of our best weapons, if not our best weapon, Right now, I mean obviously having Kareem Hunt and and D Hop come in and kind of steal the show and then come up big for us. I mean that's huge as well. But at the same time, you know, our offensive line is playing their ass off. Yes they are. And you wanna always give Pat Mahomes the fucking ball. He's the best player in the National Football League, giving him the ball and letting him dissect a defense, giving him more than one option. I think that is a great situation to put your football team in. But sometimes just handing that thing off to a, to a hungry dog man handing that thing off to Kareem Hunter or a Carson Steel and get them boys rolling downhill.


Yeah Baby, That's a great fucking situation to have us in as well. And sure enough, we're just, we're finding ways to get the ball downfield, and you already mentioned it a few big time long drives. I think we had a 19 play long drive last week. We had two over 15 this this week. And ending them with touchdowns is so, it's so fucking big and demoralizing for a defense to, to tax 'em and weigh out, put that much weight or put that much fucking strain on him. And it just makes it easier for everything else in the, in the, in the offense when you get that run game going, man. No doubt. Well, let's get to the LeBron stat of the game.


Travis. Kelce is the first 35 plus year old with 14 plus catches in a game at any position. That's right. That great that I could have been the first 30 5-year-old to have 15 if I didn't drop the fucking ball. Fuck. Well, stabs are for nerds. Nerds, but Travis had 28 catches in the first six games and 24 in the last two. What's caused the Big Yeti renaissance Midseason here? I Don't know. I think we're just playing fucking ball and, and Pat's been fine in me. I've been finding open voids and Pat's been trusting it and we've just been on the same page. Man, I think I didn't Think it. We were ever off of the same page.


I think Pat's just fucking throwing me the ball now Doesn't feel like it's in Pat's head either because he was asked about it after the game. He is asked about the 14 catches. He said, yeah, I didn't even realize he had that many catches. So it sounds like everybody's just out there playing. Yeah, we're just out there fucking trying to get the ball down the fucking field. He also said that you could have sworn you've had a game with like 16 receptions. Have I? No, that has, I don't. So was that my, it's not According to the record books, But is it was that, is 14 the most I've ever had Believe so. Nice. All righty. Another stat with his touchdown catch from the Holmes Deandre Hopkins is now caught a touchdown pass from 14 different players. God damn. Yeah. How about that? Holy shit.


Week nine next week The Chiefs are home against the Broncos Division rival baby. Yeah, man. Broncos bros have been looking a lot better than they have the last couple years. Their defense has been pretty dang good. Pretty damn good. They got a fucking damn good defense. They Do struggled against Baltimore, which is pretty common because Baltimore's really fucking good. Yeah, but I would not count on that happening two weeks in a row. These guys are, they are physical man. They play well on defense. No, we're be in a, we're gonna be in boss fight with these guys. Sean. Yeah, 100% Coach Payton's. Got them. Got those guys over there fucking playing with some Heart man. And, and obviously it being a division rival and Bronco's chiefs, I mean they're getting any bigger of a rivalry than that and it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a tough one.


I mean it's at Arrowhead, but it's gonna be a tough one, man. Good Luck. Thank you brother.


The 92 Percenters know we love talking about the TV shows we're watching on here and it looks like we have a new one to add to the list because Sunday, November 10th is the epic return of Yellowstone and it's only on Paramount Network the Way it is over people. The television phenomenon is back and everything is at stake with the Duttons darkest secrets on the verge of being exposed and as threats mount on all fronts, what will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch and their way of life? How far will Beth and Rip go to protect the family legacy and who's going to the train station? Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing. And I mean nothing will prepare you for the must-See Premier event that you do not wanna miss. Well this does sound pretty epic. I'm gonna have to tune in All Right now from co-creator Taylor Sheridan Yellowstone's Epic Return is Sunday, November 10th at eight seven central only on Paramount Network. Once Again, Yellowstone will be back this Sunday, November 10th at eight seven central on Paramount Network. Check it out. 92 percentage. You're not gonna wanna miss this.


After years of fine print contracts and people getting ripped off by overpriced wireless providers. If we've all learned anything, it's that there's always a catch. So when we heard that all Mint Mobile wireless plans are $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, we had to wonder what's the catch? But soon it all made sense. There isn't one Nice mint mobile's secret sauce is that they, they sell wireless service online. They don't have retail stores or salespeople. They deliver premium phone plans directly to you. So say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint MOBILE is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at $15 a month. How about that? All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any MINT MOBILE plan and bring your phone number along with you To get the new customer offer and your new three month unlimited wireless plan for just $15 a month. go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's MINT MOBILE dot com slash new Heights $45. upfront payment required equivalent to about $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only Speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan Additional taxes and fees and restrictions apply c Ryan Reynolds Here from MINT MOBILE with the price of just about everything going up during inflation. We thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile Unlimited Premium Wireless. How to get 30 30 bid. Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. They get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at MINT MOBILE dot com slash switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees. Extras beats lower above 40 gigabytes of detail. Mint Mobile for details.


Let's talk about the rest of the big storylines coming out of week nine in the NFL. And we'll start with the Birds baby. Oh Eagles is 28 to Jags 23 kind of a, I don't wanna, it's, what is it? Was it a nailbiter? It was. I mean it's kind of a Nailbiter score shows it. Jason initial thoughts on the game. Yeah, I think the score doesn't really accurately reflect, I, the, the Eagles had like 450 yards. Jesus. Yeah, they, they put up a lot of yards. Lane Johnson had this quote after the game. It should have been a 40 point game. And it was one of those games where the real thing that kind of like stalled them out a little bit was throughout the last two seasons.


If it's ever fourth and one, we just go for it because the tush push happens at such a high rate. Right? Yeah. And it just so happened there were like multiple points in this game where we were in fourth and one situations and I don't know what Jacksonville was doing, I haven't like really narrowed in on it yet, but they kind of stalled out the tush push, which has not happened. We, they did two fourth down, they did two, two point conversions that didn't work out. That took left points off the board. There was a third down, a fourth down one that they tried another play on because they were struggling to run the tush in the red zone. You know, all these things kind of, I think threw them off their game a little bit to be quite frank and messed with something that's worked for a long time with them.


But. yeah. I wonder why. And also Saquon had a fumble, unfortunately that was kind of, it was a fluke. I don't know. If, you saw that he got touched, but they said that the touch wasn't what caused him to fall, even though the touch clearly caused him to lose his footing. And then he fell and he fumbled like the ground caused it. Damn. Then they picked it up for six. The Eagles, in my opinion, Right now are playing actually really good football. That's what matters to me. They are fucking playing good football, no doubt they've Gotten back to play. Their defense is playing very well offensively. They look much more in tune, in sync and balanced. Jalen is playing out, is playing really well. Fantastic Football man. He just taking care of football.


You know, the Eagles have really rebounded from a couple bad losses from earlier in the season, have made the corrections. And I think they, they've done some really cool things or some really good things as of late. I think the more important thing is, it's not maybe the best hurdle I've ever seen. I don't even know how dude, he like, where do you even do this from? You just, you just play ball, man. Your instincts. You just playing your instincts. Take over, dude, you blacked out. No, I think he, he was like, okay, the only way to get around this guy is to go over him. Right. now Spin, spin coming jump was insane jump. But like that spin was insane. The Guy was Standing. If the play would've ended after the spin, we would still be sitting here like, bro, that was crazy. Crazy.


Fuck. And then he did even more of the unthinkable and just said, fuck it, I'm gonna fucking, this was so nice. Do some like ballet shit and just fucking The Saquon. Plie. Yeah, that was a, The Sequ. Nice. Very nice. I Think, I mean that's up there with Play of the year. There was a, there was some really good plays from this past week, but I, I don't know that I'm giving anything more Than This. This Was insane. Three. I mean three. You make three guys miss on one play. It's fucking electric with a Backwards hurdle. Yeah, dude, If, you get clipped there, you're going backwards ass overt kettle. That's kind of dangerous. I hope it doesn't Too much. I mean, especially with, especially with big 93 and fucking 52 closing in on you.


Right. Saquon. Finish the game with 199 scrimmage yard. One touchdown. Got The hell. This dude is fucking balling Right now, man. Holy shit Dude. He's killing it. We also got an awesome clip of the bench reaction to the hurdle. Just take a look at our, our guys. It's always fun when your teammates are genuinely shocked at how good you are. Everybody's like, oh, Look at my man. What the fuck? Look at my man. Read Blankenship. Yeah. Like home alone. Face home alone. Yeah. He wouldn't call it kin Home Kin.


That's good shit. That's so good. Nick Sirianni said it was the best play I've ever seen. What I think is so cool is there's going to be kids all over the country and all over Philadelphia trying to make that play and, and talking about that play and simulating that play is they play in backyard football or peewee football. Kids do not fucking do that. Yeah. Please do not try and hurt the Do not do that. That is, that is the fastest way to break your neck. Do not, football is not meant to be played in the air. Yeah. I promise you that. Unless You're Seon Barkley. And then you Can do it unless you're an, an incredible athlete. If your athleticism is far more superior than everybody else's on the field, do whatever the fuck you want. But outside of that, not that is a safety hazard.


You do not want to go into a game leaving the ground. I've landed on my head too many times and we advise kids not to try and make this play at home. Yeah. But If, you do it. Fucking send it. Don't fucking be timid. Don't timidly. You gotta fucking go for it. Yeah. Yeah. Either way. I don't know what I'm saying. Do it. Do it. Kids dream big. Do It. Do it. Just don't tell your mom I told you to do it. Yeah. Alright. Seon was asked about the play and he said, I just, I kind of just played football and that's the, sounds Like the typical blackout, you know, Language I just do. Oh yeah. I just, I'm just playing. I just play ball. Devonte Smith, we gotta shout out another incredible play.


Skinny Batman with an insane one handed touchdown catch in the fourth quarter. And this dude is fucking playing his mind out as well. I mean, the whole offense is really clicking Right now. Man. It's fun to watch the offensive lines. Oh my fucking God. That was a dime too. So perfect. Dude. These guys are fucking playing. It's exciting. Everybody seems to be fucking pumped for everybody. It looks like you guys just got the morale going Right now. And the Kelly Green. Yeah. Fuck man. Gotta love the Kelly Green. And it was the third and 22. It was insane. And we're watching it. And when he connected, I thought he was outta bounds. 'cause that knee touches down out of bounds. And I'm watching it with Kylie and Kyle's like, no, no, nobody's better around the sideline than Devonte. Look at his Toes.


She ain't lying. And His toes get down there. Dude, there is something about Devante around the sideline. He has the, the freaking most unreal knack for getting his toes down. He's gonna make sure he is in bounds now. Watch Left right. He's gonna make sure, he's gonna make sure he is in Bound now before the break he touches. So impressive. That's a skill, man. That is a fucking skill to have the awareness of where you are and to have the body control. You gotta have a strong ass fucking core to be doing shit like this. I promise you. No doubt. No doubt. Smitty is not underrated by any means. The guy, everybody knows he's a fucking baller. But I guess AJ Brown being the big bad wolf that he is, man, it kind of takes a lot of the shine away from him.


But this dude, he, he has been made, he has been making plays and breaking dudes off in routes since he was in college. And he is a, he's a game time player. He is a ball player. He loves this shit. He's Unreal. You can see how he, how he gets excited after a big catch. you can see how he, his determination, his focus when he is running routes. This guy's a ball player man. And you know, sometimes the biggest dude on the field, you know, the guy like AJ Brown who's like just a yolk. He looks like small Batman, like a juggernaut. Yeah. You know, that guy's gonna get a lot of attention too. But. yeah. That takes nothing away from how guys in the league at least look at Smitty. Don't disagree with that one bit Dean.


Mm. Getting, getting the interception. Man Dean had an in incre had incredible timing for his first ever interceptions with the minute of 42 left in the game. Eagles up five and the Jags had the ball on the 13 yard line. Dean picks off Trevor Lawrence in the end zone. How about that? Man, you gotta love a fucking big defensive stand. Let's check this out. Ooh, how about that? Just Thrown just a little high and Dean was in the right place at the right time. Just made a fucking hell of a play on the ball. Gotta love it, man. It, I, I wanna know what kind of, I, I don't really know what route and what I think he's trying to run like a weird route ball placement. I was gonna say too, like, it's like a weird, like they motion him out and I don't know if they, the Snap Point was late, you know what I mean?


Yeah. Like sometimes when you're silent. 'cause I think they're clearly trying to get na caught up on the guy running his route in front of the running back. You know what I mean? So I think the, the snap probably should have happened earlier and sometimes when you're on silent because of the way it happens, it just doesn't happen with the right timing. I mean, Trevor Lawrence is just putting a ball up to, to his guy, hoping he can make a one-on-one play on it and had had different intentions. Right. Yeah. Made a great play. He, he just, it is what it is. Yep. He made a great play on the fucking ball man. In the most crucial moment. Yeah. When the birds needed him the most. Man. Of the three biggest plays of the game that we just talked about, which one do you think the Philly fans are remembering the most?


I mean, come on. It's a saquon. Come on now. Nobody's ever fucking Seen all Preem Handle somebody like that. F Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to se Quad. LeBron stats of the game threw eight games. Saquon Barkley is the third Eagle to read 1000 yards in eight games joining LaShawn McCoy did it twice in 2011, 2013. And Brian Westbrook 2007 the fan. Like god damn The Birds fans are the Eagles fans are so lucky to have guys like you guys got some fucking historically good running backs For sure. Fuck Ryan Westbrook, Lasha, McCoy se Quad Barkley. Yeah. Just using those quads to jump over everyone forward. It's Fun to watch. That Doesn't fucking matter.


Seon Barkley's 443 rushing yards over the past three games are the most for an Eagles player in any three game stretch in the history of the Eagles organization. How about that? That is a LeBron stat if I've ever heard One. He has been balling. Nice. Is is Saquon already on the Eagles running back Mile Rushmore? Oh my Gosh. Just, just not just eight games into the season. I'm trying to think of who's, who's up there Right now. So Brian Westbrook, McCoy, I'm sure Al McCoy, Brian Westbrook. I think you probably Steve Van Buren I think was a running back. You know, listen, he played it in a different era. But You you said yes without even saying yes.


Yeah. Next week the Eagles are away. They're going down to Dallas playing the Cowboys who are, who have been struggling a little bit. They just announced that Dak Prescott is out for multiple weeks with a ham stringing injury. Cooper Rush injury. Unfortunately. Well They go Cooper Rush or Trail Lance Cowboys are coming off their third straight loss and the Eagles have not won in Dallas since, as you know, Jason, 2017. Yeah. They got Cooper Rush back there taking snaps. Yeah, it's Dallas has been a very difficult place to play for some reason they're not playing very good at home this year. Like last year they didn't lose a single regular season game at home. They've had some great home field advantage and they've struggled for some reason this season.


It's still the Cowboys. They're gonna get Micah back this week probably. I know their defense has been struggling. Micah is a difference maker. Fuck to the max. He is. So, Yeah, You know, listen, I know they're not playing very well. I think they just traded for who they just trade for today. They just traded for Mingo. So in division games are always tough in Dallas. We have struggled as of late. Yeah. It would be awesome for the Eagles to finally get their first win since 2017 in Dallas. I know they're not playing great Right now, but they're gonna be fired and hungry. So hopefully the Eagles can take care of business. All right. Week nine. Is week nine too early to fire a coach? Apparently not for the Saints. Damn. After losing seven games straight, it's just been a wild ride for the Saints.


They blow teams out the first two games. It has been a How about, it has been a rough stretch for the Saints ever since. Saints lose to the Panthers making a seven straight on and on Monday they announced their parting waves with Coach Dennis Allen. The firing comes after the team. Had a lot to say on social media to, I mean, to the entire team to, to their, it started to spilling their, their feelings. Man. Cam Jordan, my guy tweeted out, we just lost to the panthers.dot. I love y'all. New Orleans truly had higher expectations and, and the best of hopes for us.


Y'all deserve it. Yeah, that's, I mean it's tough man. It's losing fucking sucks, man. St. Bink Saunders, Colin Saunders fans say keep losing So. we can get number one pick. Hell throw me into qb shit. Let's have something fun to watch. The best Man, his next one. He said, if that was a College Bowl game, that motherfucker would've been called the Cottonelle Dooo bowl. The doodoo, Not the Doo, we just lost The cotton Dooo bowl. Shake my head. You might be honest, something, maybe this should start, maybe Continental should, should get in on this doodoo bowl. Everybody else is in the bowl game landscape.


Ah, fuck man. It should be, should the Panthers be offended by all this? I love, I mean, man, listen, I was just talking trash on the Panthers. I I wasn't even talking trash. I was just like, man, it sucks to be at this point in the season and just like zero hope JC Horne had a good comment from the Panthers db. Don't we got the same record or am I tripping? You do you do have the same record also. Should we, should we get behind Colin playing qb? I mean, fuck the way he, he ran back that the interception when we played him on Monday night. I'm behind Colin getting any more game time and airtime as possible because that dude is freaking hilarious.


He is. He's fun as hell to watch with the ball in his hands. Fuck. Are players openly tweeting like this always gonna be the end of like a coach's tenure. I don't know If it's always, I mean tweets, it's really just like when you clearly see that like the de like the team has just like lost their like any type of like This definitely does not help. Yeah. Like it doesn't have to come in the form of tweets. Sometimes it's in the building, but like, you know, once the team is kind of like we suck, like we kind of saw it low key. There was a clip from Dak Prescott last week Pro. He could have been talking about anybody though. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. He could have been talking about the fucking Mississippi. He could have been talking about, you know, his high school team.


Well you never know what that convo was about. Yeah. Either way. Oh, he is talking about the Cowboys Dude. But. yeah. Not a, not a good look kind. In some ways I kind of feel bad for like they've had a lot of injuries up front on their offensive line that has, that has hindered them. They've had their defensive line, they've had a lot of guys leave over the last few years like, like their personnel and the cap situation. And I think Dennis Allen's a good defensive coach but clearly it just wasn't going the right way. Yeah. And it's, when it's starting to go the the other way, this is kinda what happens. It's a results based league and Yeah. Anyways, I'm sure he'll land on his feet. He's a good coach. It's tough. I think he'll be the end for him and hopefully we get a bunch of great content from the Saints players the rest of the season in tweet form Sirer mos Saint Big You Moss keep sending us the good stuff.


Does the NFL have a quarterback development problem? Mm. Coming off of the news of the col benching Anthony Richardson. Greg Olson was on the Ryan SLO podcast this week. Shout out to Silla. Yeah. Shout out to SLO and said hey quotes. There's no doubt we have a quarterback problem in the NFL. I think of a lot of it is manmade asking your quarterback to stand in the shotgun, catch the ball and throw the ball every down is virtually impossible in today's day and age. Yeah. These guys don't learn to get under center. I hear what Olson saying. We were talking about it earlier. Tom Brady said something very similar. Yes. How the quarterbacks aren't developed in, into a system. They kind of just get tossed into like the most convenient college system there is in college football at least.


And then once you get into the league, they're asked to do a lot of stuff from one formation. Yes. And that that can get very telling for a defense. And it doesn't necessarily put the quarterback in the best situation possible unless you have a quarterback that's got all the intangibles and he can do stuff like that. Yeah. Like Jayden Daniels. Jayden Daniels like Lamar Jackson, like, you know what I mean? Like guys that are just, you know, they can do a lot with their feet and that adds to another like, like a Jalen Hurts, you know guys that that guys that can do a lot with their feet are typically the guys that can, that can have success with just being in shotgun. And I, I think there is some point to be made that, you know, it's easier from the shotgun to see the entire field.


Yes. When you're under center you turn your back to the defense a lot. Yep. You know, if not every play, so unless we're going back to the old Joe Montana days or the John Elway days where you take a snap and you just start backpedaling as a QB drop. It's a very, you know, interesting point. And who knows what the actual like reasoning is, but it's definitely If. you look at this list by Sam block on, on Twitter. Yeah. It is very interesting that all of these big name quarterbacks that had a lot of success in college and seem to have all the, all the skills to to be a a pro quarterback have all been getting benched within their first three years.


Maybe I'm just used to this 'cause I grew up in Cleveland and all of our quarters, how many quarterbacks have we had played for the Cleveland rounds at this point? Dude. And how many quarterbacks have gone to have success in other right situations? Man, it, I think Like, I think some of this is a little bit like, you know, some of these guys, you know, they were on bad teams or like it was, it was, it's systems. Like a lot of times the teams that are picking quarterbacks aren't necessarily like in the best position for a quarterback to flourish. So some of that has something to do with that. Yeah. I also think like a lot of like the college systems have changed and they're not the most multiple. It's very different from I think what a lot of the offenses that are having success in the NFL are doing Right now.


And I think successful quarterback play successful offensive systems. A lot of it just comes down to like not being predictable and like not giving things away. And to Greg's point, when you're in shotgun, you have to go above and beyond to hide things. Yeah. 'cause where the back's at it tips away tells a lot a lot of things. Whether it's protection wise, whether it's like run game wise and If, you wanna live in that world. I'm a firm believer that you have to move the back around constantly. You need to be moving it not giving the defensive tells. There are teams that can operate really well in shotgun, but to what you're to what you were saying, like typically those are teams that have quarterbacks that have that threat of running and it's an added element that makes it difficult.


You think of like Lamar Jackson and those and they operate in pistol and gun a lot because they want that threat to be able to take, be an advantage for them. The under center stuff leads to some beautiful play actions, which lead to great shots down the field. I think all of it kind of works. It depends on who your guy is. But I do kind of think that like a lot of the times, the quarterbacks that are coming out, it's all like the same stuff. It's all like the zone read. It's all like, it just isn't as dynamic and different. These College offenses aren't necessarily giving them the the, you know, and to, I will say this, pat Mahomes, he was the air raid offense.


He was in that Texas Tech gun slinger. They made they their offensive run game Shotgun every single Snap. Their run game was like a quarterback draw. Yeah. Like that would like their spreading you out five wide, four throwing Ball 50 times a game In 11 personnel. In 10 personnel guys are just, and they're throwing the ball 60 times a game. Yeah. When he got to the league coach Reed's offense, you have to take snaps under center. Right. Like it, and I would love to even just ask Pat, I might have to go up to him tomorrow and ask him, you know, how much, how much of a benefit is it? How much do you love going under center? How much do you feel more comfortable? Do you think it's added to your game? You know I, I'd be curious to ask all these questions.


Yeah. Because a lot of these guys that are saying there's an NFL devel, there's a QB problem or development problem in the league are all old, old guys that played in pro style offenses. Well, Greg played with Cam and they did some reads and some shotgun stuff. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. I, I don't know how to articulate it. I just think that like in college, I think to be very honest, I think in college the game has aired on being simpler and like either utilizing speed or like zone read stuff and they're not asked, the quarterbacks aren't asked to do all of these different concepts in different Fit Mo and like all this stuff that is gonna have to happen at the next level so that you're not predictable.


Yeah. Like they're not being developed as much in college and then in the NFL dude, it's to sit on a guy for three years that you drafted in the first round, like no team is doing that. Like nobody, like you, you, you, it's gonna be hard to develop them that Nobody but Atlanta, they're the only team. Good point. And part of this is like the, the nature of the league. Like it used to be when you hired a coach that it was like a three year process. We're gonna draft guys here, we know we're not gonna be very good for like two or three years, but then hopefully in this third year we're gonna be building that. And that mindset is completely shifted. Like now people expect you to turn things around immediately. You might not be a playoff team immediately, but they wanna see the team better and and improving Right.


Than what it was. Yeah. Look at what they've done in Detroit with Dan Campbell and like that's one of the examples where they've trusted that process. They, they knew what they, what their long-term goal was and where they were going with it. And I think that the expectation now is so shortsighted that these guys get rushed out there before they're ready in some instances because there's pressure to play them immediately And it is gonna put take it seats in the fucking For sure. Fans in the seats when you got the number one pick overall starting the game, it's like, yeah, I'm about to go see if that guy can really fucking spin it. Yeah, exactly. I dunno, I don't know how to tell when a quarterback's ready because I didn't play quarterback. I would love to hear Pat's mindset on that, to be honest with you.


Yeah. Tom brought it up in the off season and I Think it's kinda shown to be pretty true. We'll see. Yeah. Finish this sentence. Quarterback. The quarterback shouldn't start in the league until He's ready. I don't fucking know. Right. Specific to each quarterback. Yeah. Until the team trusts his accountability. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Until he needs to, Until we need to win football games and that guy's gonna help us, Which is Right now. Alright. I don't really know. Yeah, I guess that's it for that biggest surprise so far at the midway point of the season. The last thing about week nine before we get to the second half of the season is we're gonna talk about what has already happened.


We're at the midpoint. What's the biggest surprise so far? Cardinals are leading the NFC West. Not by much. What? Yeah, really? Well they've won like three straight or two. Like they've sneaky, very sneaky, but the Rams and 49 ERs aren't far behind. They're playing better now. McCaffrey's coming back. The Rams just got back Cooper Cup and Puco when he doesn't punch people. So there's gonna be, I don't think they end up winning the division, although they are doing some really good things. I bet it'll be either the Niners or the Rams, but Carl's man, dude, they can run the ball. Connor is a heck of a running Back. Come on now, baby. Yeah, They're, they're James. They can do that. James, listen, he's a fucking dog.


He's an absolute dog. And when you got Kyler back there shaking with him, man, it's, that's a, that's that's a fucking high powered offense man. Commanders are leading the NFC East with a rookie quarterback. Are they leading or they tied, think they're tied with the Eagles? They might be, they might not have had their bi week, bi week yet, but Cowboys are three and five. I don't think anybody saw that coming. That might be the biggest surprise. They, we'll see how they do this week. you can see Eagles. Oh, never show everyone, everyone besides the bills and the NFC Easts is under 500. I thought that conference was gonna be good two years. Now I'm not betting on the a FC East ever again. I'm over like I thought for sure. Like, dude, Aaron's about the ball out freaking the dolphins are great and then boom, I'm telling him, man, listen, they, they fucking, the Jets found a way last week.


Garrett Wilson, That boy that Catch we talked about Saquon's play that one hander. What in the hell was that? That was, That was Insane. One of the best catches in the league. Russ is cooking with the Steelers. I guess it's kind of surprising, but not really. Like Russ has done this in the past. He's in his system now that he's more like that, that run play action system he had in Seattle with Marsha and like, they would take shots down the field. I think it's backed the stuff that he's done really well in the past. So not that surprising. Lions being Super Bowl favorites, right? I mean it's you and them is a surprising Lions being Super Bowl favorites. Yeah, they're they're, they're Murder. I'm not surprised by it.


Right. Yeah. They're, they're they, I I mean, I mean if we're being Three scores in the fucking a C Champ Last year, I honest they Should've been in this in the, in the Super Bowl last year is What it is. Yeah. But They're very good. Kirk Cousins has the Falcons in the lead of the NFC South that I didn't see that coming. Tampa Bay, them New Orleans. That, that's not that surprising. I think the commanders are the biggest surprise. I did not expect hundred This year. 100%. The commanders are the biggest surprise in the league. I think they've had the most juice around, like how surprising they've been playing this year. Yeah. And that has a lot to do with, you know, starting a rookie quarterback Who is playing out of his Mind.


Somebody was very well developed and you know, what sounds like in the building that he wants to be developed. No, he's, everybody, everybody says he's the first one in at 4:00 AM going over his shit, learning the offense. I've heard nothing but unbelievable things through this dude and how he loves the game of football. Dude, it's insane. So for all you young quarterbacks in there, If, you don't want to be on that list of guys that have gotten benched in their first three years. Maybe just show up and, and, and really desire and love the game of football. Not that any of those guys on that list didn't put some work in, you know, go above and beyond baby. That always seems to put you in a good position. Addition of the year so far. Henry to the Ravens. Saquon to the Eagles, Kirk to Atlanta. D Hop to the Chiefs.


Adams to the Jets. I mean, Saan to the Eagles is pretty, I'm Biased to the Eagles pretty damn de hop to the Chiefs. We've only seen two games and he is already showed up. Yeah. So I don't like listen we'll see, we'll see how it all plays out. Baby Henry to the Ravens has been pretty unreal too. I mean they were, the Ravens are already fantastic and Henry's just added a whole nother element. Yeah. Well Sequan Hass been able to do so far this year was pretty impressive team with a Losing record that could sneak into the playoffs. Ooh. Who's the team with a losing record that could sneak into the playoffs. Gonna have to say it's probably one of those NFC East teams. Yeah, It's gonna be Wide open. I mean a FC East. I don't know why I said that. A Yeah, I know what you meant. Well Bengals are playing better Bengals jets.


I mean I'm taking everybody with a, with a fucking quarterback. Typically those guys find a way to win. Yeah. I mean, I wanna say the Jets still, it's just been Bucks. Bucks are a good football team, man. And b could fucking put up points, man. The problem with the Bucks is they have a tough schedule coming up and I don't know when they're getting back. Mike Evans and I don't know how that affects 'em. And they're already two games out from Atlanta. I think the NF C's gonna be pretty competitive there for those wild cards. Yeah. I'm gonna take all the teams that are the closest to 500. I feel like the Colts Colts are sneaky. Joe Flacco. Man, I Think there's gonna be more room too at the bottom of the A FC.


I don't know why. It just feels like there's gonna be Who's in that conference? Colts, Titans, Colts, Texans, Titans. That's what I like j That's the fuck God damn. I mean, that's the one right there. That's the confidence. Whoever wins that division. So that's, there's your answer. That's for grabs. There you go. Rookie of the year so far. Jayden Daniels, I mean, it's not even close. I think Brock Bowers is playing his fucking ass off and he's he's putting up a fuck ton of yards you can't take away with from what Jayden Daniels has been doing. I'd say I, I'll throw a sleeper in there. Quinan Mitchell has been fantastic and like normally I wouldn't say a defensive back. Quinn Mitchell, he's for the Eagles.


Oh, okay. He was our first round pick this year. I mean, he hasn't had like the interceptions I guess, but he's been freaking locking. He's been a big boost to the secondary. Nice little shout out. Yeah, It's Jayden Daniels. It's Jayden Daniels. Yeah. Let's keep this thing moving. All righty. Moving on to no dumb questions. That's right. It's time for no dumb questions.


No dumb questions. Brought to you by Coke Zero sugar tackle game day with the irresistible taste of Coke Zero sugar. Is it the best Coke ever? I don't know. You should probably try and decide for yourself this week.


We are dipping into the Heights hotline for a question about being in a relationship where your fans of different teams. Oh, nice. A reminder, you can call into the Heights hotline at 9 2 9 3 9 9 7 2 6 0. We'll answer some more voicemails in a few weeks on our Wondery Plus exclusive episode. So stay tuned for what kind of message we'll be looking for. But If, you want to call us about anything? Go for it. Hey, Jason and Travis, longtime fan here, Jordan from Chicago. As far as relationship questions go Shut down baby. I'd love to ask you both. What will you do, If? you lived in a split household as far as rival schools.


So my wife and I went to rival colleges and would love to know what your advice would be for how to handle, you know, living with your significant other, whom you love when they're rooting for the other team. And especially if you've got any good ideas for, for bets or things you could do around the house for when those teams are playing and, and make a little extra fun. So, we love your advice on, on how to handle a relationship in a, in a rivalry household. Thanks a lot. Love the show. You guys are great. Thanks. Nice man. I appreciate you. Yeah, thanks for the call. Listen, I I kind of like that. I always enjoy ribbing my buddies and friends. That's the best that the point is the best part of being Fans. Yeah, you get the free, like if you're a, if you're of a healthy, get to own Fandom Your shit.


Yeah. If, you have a healthy fandom. You enjoy the back and forth with the rivals, right? Yeah. Hell yeah. Talking trash, the different bets. So I think that is, I think there's something exciting about that. Yeah. I also, yeah, I gotta, I wanna know what the specific teams are. Is it Ohio State? Michigan? Yeah. Maybe. Is it like Auburn, Alabama? I don't know. I don't know either. But what are some fun bets? Dude's gotta take out the trash. He's gotta do the dishes. Who's gotta change the diaper? He gotta, you know, putting Chores on the line is always a good one. Wearing the other person's, you know, team into work or something make you feel real stupid. Ooh, that's good. Out in public. That is good. Public humiliation is always a good thing to put on the line. Yep. You could definitely go with, you know, throw a little bit of that.


Like, hey, Chill out Losers'. Gotta do a favor, Not a again, Listen, I'm already on, I'm already, I'm already in a Kylie took to Twitter announcing that I'm already in a The dog house. The dog, not the dog house. I'm, I'm in a a, a dry spell Right now, so I don't want to get into any more trouble with guys, so. Oh man. Just throw on Jumanji, man. That's all I really got. All right. This is what being a diehard fan is about though. Yeah. Having the fun back and forth, even if it's with a loved one who, I mean even more so.


Right? Yeah. It's just somewhat fun because it's like, you know the person's true intentions. You're not gonna get insulted by their, by what they're saying. So really lay it, lay it on 'em, make them feel real stupid for being a part of that fan base. Yeah. That's in a playful way. In a playful way. Yeah. Of course. Always in a playful way. Never take it too serious now. Alright. That does it for no dumb questions brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar. Yes, sir. And that also wraps up this episode of New Heights. That's right. Stay tuned for our special guest episode with World Series MBP Freddy Freeman. Coming up Freddy Free this Friday. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts.


Reminder, you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts Once again, new Heights, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. And presented by Tims Timberland, vans Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. 92 Percenters. And thank you to our production and crew for always, always making us look way better than what we are and to you. 92 Percenters for tuning in. We'll see you guys Friday. Yep. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind every BP Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day, people producing energy, offshore people turning it into products at our refineries, people doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine people trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you. At one of VP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.