
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Today we are supported, obviously by Amazon Prime. That's right. Many of you know Prime for its lightning, fast, free shipping. That's just the beginning. Jason Prime is a powerhouse of perks. That's right. The powerhouse of perks. Nice alliteration there. Love that. We're talking Prime video, Amazon music, prime gaming, and speedy grocery delivery. And enduring the hectic holiday season. Prime becomes your secret weapon. That's right. Feel like cozying up and getting into a festive mood. Well just fire up Amazon Music and hit play on the holiday playlist. Or drive into a heartwarming movie on Prime video. Oh, you've got your own personal winter wonderland right in your living room. Me personally, I'm just gonna buy a bunch of stuff and get it delivered ultra fast because Prime makes it happen quickly. And I'm usually the last second shopper. All right. What are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passengers you're pursuing, whatever you're into. Pretty sure it's on prime.


You gotta have a loose caboose, man. You can't let that. You gotta keep your composure. Can't pucker up. Listen, I don't play anymore, so now I just sit there and my butthole puckers. 'cause I have zero control. That's good point. If I have control my I'd have a loose butthole butt. Because I don't have control. My puck hole gets tight. Hey,


Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and Girls. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by GOOGLE TV. No more endless browsing. GOOGLE TV makes it easy to find what you watch. How about that man? GOOGLE TV. Did you have those old Google glasses when they first came out? I did. I actually did. Saw Google Glasses. I know Wing contests in those things. One I did long time ago. That's pretty sweet, man. Google's got it figured out for you guys, man.


We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kelce, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alumni. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. Sure thing. Trav. Coming up on this episode, we're gonna talk about the Chief's doke of a win. Ooh. And we're also gonna check out some of your voicemails now that Brandon actually has listened to them. Nice. Thank you, Brandon, for being on top of those Heights hotline voicemails. Yeah. Way to go intern Brandon. By the way, Kylie, let out Kylie. Let the cat outta the bag. That intern Brandon is actually the executive producer Brandon, and that he is not actually an intern, which that's fucked up Kylie.


What the fuck? That's not nice. I'm gonna start telling everybody, I'm gonna start telling everybody about her show. Get your own show, and then all of a sudden you're letting out our secrets and how she's Yeah, you're right. New


news. New news is brought to you by Paramount Network Watch Yellowstone season finale. This Sunday, eight seventh Central, followed by 1923. Season One only on Paramount Network


Film Club poll results. Hey, we're, we're watching Christmas vacation, Ladies and gentlemen at Heavy Chase. Oh, twist my arm. Twist my Arm. That's a double feature Review of Love, actually. And Christmas vacation. How do we feel about this? Is this right? Did did we fucking, did we, we did, I think, handcuff ourselves into this. I think I handcuffed it. I think Kylie handcuffed us into this now. So she's calling out our interns and she's, she's making us watch more than one video. This is more, this is war, Kylie. Yeah. I don't know what we're gonna do to get her back, but I guess we just gotta get her on on New Heights. Well, she's gonna come on and do love actually review. Nice. So we'll see how that goes.


Yeah, that'll be fun. And then we're gonna do Christmas vacation Chevy Chase and what the 92 Percenters wanted to listen to. So yeah, it should be fun. Is Kylie gonna be a part of the S vacation review too? I think we're both about to be a part of both. Yeah. Yeah. Interim, Brandon said. Sure. So I guess, yeah. Sweet. This is probably also going to be our Christmas episode for all of you listening. I don't know what that means. I just know that we're probably thinking of some cool things. Maybe we'll decorate because some Christmas lights up in the here. You used to have the Green and Reds back there. Any place that has Christmas lights year round is, it's my kind of jam. It's your kind of jam. So anyways, the Christmas episode is gonna come out. It's gonna come out on Christmas. Brandon, either the fuck does Around mean.


Okay. Christmas episode is gonna come out Christmas Eve, that's gonna have Kylie on it. We're gonna review both of these movies as well as talk about other things Christmas related. Travis has what, three games in 10 days? Is that what's going on? I think that's the number. Yeah. It's crazy. So Travis is gonna be pretty busy. It's gonna be a weird schedule. So we're gonna record this and put it out. Christmas Eve, I think is what Brandon just said. So if it's not that, blame him. Anyways, look forward to that episode and these film reviews coming, coming then. Yeah. Should be fun. Gonna be a blast. Ooh, the Grinch came in second, man. I fuck. I know. That's a great one. I would've, I'm, I mean, the good thing about all of these movies, I'm gonna watch all four of these anyways. It's a wonderful life.


I don't think I would've, I would've watched that one. So I'll say this. Have you, we never watched this growing up. Have you ever watched a Wonderful Life? It's a wonderful life. No, I highly, right. I'm telling you. Good. Give it a chance. It's a good movie. It's black and white. So it's, it's, it's got some years on it. But it's, it's a nice film. I really enjoy it. I watched it for the first time a couple years ago. 'cause I've, everybody's always putting it up there with one of their favorite Christmas movies. Everybody. It's, I mean, it got 13 per it got more than Scrooge. Like, it's a, it it got a good amount of votes. It's definitely one from a different generation, but it's very good. It holds up. Yes, it holds up. All right. All right. I'll think about it. I'll think about it. Laura, I might just watch Christmas vacation.


There you go. Well, Jason, we were spotted in Vancouver for the last stop on the Aris tour. Vancouver. I wasn't in Vancouver. Yeah, you were. Look at that belly and that beard, dude. Oh, what the fuck? You got the sta I'm not fat. I'm not, that's not what I look like. That's what, that's what I look like Right now. That is so good. There was a mention of tight Jumanji pants. How about that? So good. Oh my goodness. How about it? Well done. I wonder, I wonder if Tay saw them in the stands. She, you can't keep it together.


If you see that, like there's no way you're like in the middle of a song and you see them walking around. You're just like, I, I mean, I would lose it. What is, I love that. I love that. The one lady went mustache era. Travis Kelce. Oh yeah, yeah. This is full on homemade jerseys. How do you even make that? Yeah. If you don't buy that anywhere, those are, but that's like pressed on numbers and letters. Yeah, it's very nicely done. There's a lot of effort put into this. It's DYY for sure. DIY, sorry. DIY. There it is. Do it yourself. Yeah. They probably had a blast. There was also this Andy Reed deal going on in the Big Red era. Ooh, nice.


Two. And that's pretty good. They're like two Andy Reeds. Nice. That's pretty good. They're like two Andy Reeds that are two friends. Nice. What is it about Andy Reed that like, anybody dressing like him is just like incredible. Yeah. And everybody loves it, man. He's just so iconic. That mustache. It's that stash. That stash is just, it just just sweeps you away, man. Doesn't it just, yeah. Just a great nickname too. Big Red. I mean, yeah. Kool-Aid, man. There's a whole chewing gum named after it. Steubenville Ohio. Big Red. Ooh. Yeah, that's right. Shout out to Claris. Shout out to Steubenville Ery. Gosh, it's a great name. Big Red. Nice. Well shout out to Tay. And the unbelievable Aris tour has finally come to an end.


How, dude, so how, hold on. How long was the Aris tour? It was, I think over two years. Almost two years. Almost two years. It was March, March of the Year that we played the How many shows? Many, do you know off the top of your head? 149 or 152. I forget which one it was. Somewhere in there. A fuck time. That's so many shows is kind of how I sum it up. 149 shows in 21 Country. Wow. It's insane. Absolutely insane. Over 10 million people in the stands over the course of it. Like cumulatively. It's pretty crazy. Well, shout out to Tay. Shout out to everybody that was a part of that show. Obviously it's, it's her, it's her music, her tour and everything.


But that, that was a full production, man. That thing. Yeah. Fair enough. It was the best tour in the world because of a lot of people and, but mostly because of Taylor. All right. Shout out to everybody, babe. All right. Walter Peyton man of the Year. I don't know if all of you saw, but my brother, Travis Kelce, Kansas City chief, is nominated for the Walter Peyton NFL Man of the Year from Chiefs Sonar. Clark Hunt through his new Ignition lab, the Growing 87 and Running Foundation. In his partnership with Operation Breakthrough, Travis has impacted the lives of thousands of young people in the Kansas City region and beyond. Very few athletes in the history of the game have been, have balanced the same level of team success, individual accolades and community engagement.


Trav, how does it feel to be nominated? This is, this is awesome. This is a huge award. It is, it is a huge award. I, You know, I love getting out here in the Kansas City community, man. I really do. They show up for each other so much and they, they do it with so much pride. And, you know, that's the beauty of, of having that relationship with the community was, is always to, you know, try and make a, a better world for the ones that that support you on Game Day Man. Or just, or, or need that help and that support in the, in the, in the community. And I've just been so lucky that I came here to Kansas City and got the opportunity from the Hunt family. And I realized real early on that they were an organization and, and how they ran this organization was that they wanted everyone in the community making sure the, the people in Kansas City felt the support that we feel on Sundays.


And the one thing that you see when you first walk in the building is all of the winners and all the winners of the man of the Year in terms of, you know, how much like history Kansas City players have in this community. And, and everybody getting acknowledged for that. And I don't do it for the awards, I don't do it for the acknowledgement. I do it for the smiles on the kids' faces at the Ignition Lab and that Operation Breakthrough. And, and to see what they do with what we give them at their exposure at You're not lying, you know, and it's just, it's so, it's so cool to see what they have done with, with what they have to, to work with over there. And this year will be the first year that we actually had the high school kids.


Long story short, operation Breakthroughs. A, a beautiful organization in Kansas City that helps out a lot of the underserved kids, especially on the east side. And yeah, the program, when I first got to Kansas City, stopped in eighth grade. And, and I really wanted to keep that going through the high school years. 'cause I know how much of a knucklehead I was and not having anywhere to, to go or a safe haven or just somewhere to, to, you know, perfect my craft after school. I would, I don't know where the heck I would've been. So I really wanted to extend that for the Operation Breakthrough. And that's when we created the Ignition Lab 87 or Running Ignition Lab, which is a STEM lab. It has everything from a mechanic shop, a muffler, a robotics lab, a entertainment studio, e-gaming.


It has everything you could possibly need a kitchen for kids that want to get into the culinary world. It's remarkable, honestly. Yeah, it's unbelievable. And I couldn't have done it without the support from KC and the support from everybody working at Operation Breakthrough. And sure enough, we couldn't have done this without the kids that actually wanna make a difference and with their lives. And that's the beauty of it. And that's why I do it, man. Yeah, no, I think it's awesome. And you know, you, they, they convert some of your vehicles to electric. They're converting my truck to electric. But one of the things we gotta see was that fully electric Chevelle? Yeah. That they're raff drove to the game this Sunday. Yeah, that's what, yeah. How'd that feel? Dude, it rolls that fun. It's pretty gnarly. It's cool as shit. It is cool. It a big guy like me.


It's tough for me to get in those old cars If you don't put, pull the seats back. But man, it is Chicky mouth. That thing is sweet, man. I'll tell you, those old school cars are just so freaking cool, man. I think I got a 71 Chevelle that some people have made, made seen me drive before. But this thing was one of a kind. When you get in there, you can, you can feel how unique it is. Everything's kind of on that digital pad that they have. It's like a little iPad or a, just like a touch screen that, that you can put it in drive and reverse and neutral and everything. And then from there it has some pickup. It has some pickup, man. It's got the, it is got those electric EV batteries in there. And the kids did an unbelievable job.


And I Think it was a smooth ride into the stadium the other day. It definitely doesn't have the rumble. And there's something in that that, like, obviously the old school gear heads, you know, they're gonna want. But I think there's something really cool that Operation Breakthroughs doing where they're, they're taking these older vehicles, they're teaching these kids some of the things that is the automotive industry is going into and teaching them skills that not everybody really knows what's happening, especially in the EV world. So, cool man. And it's, it's, it's really cool. And on top of that, it's just a, I mean, it's just beautiful. They did a great job with it. Yeah. It's gorgeous in there. They have all the electric stuff, but they also have the old school knobs and whatnot, and it looks Oh yeah, yeah. Very true. To like, kind of the way it used to be. So Yeah. The seats.


Seats, yeah. Yeah. Well this is the, this is the first year that, that the kids who started in the initial Ignition Lab year, so that they're gonna be seniors, they'res going into co. Yeah. They're all graduating. So it's, it's a pretty cool to see kids, you know, start as freshmen and really latch onto things. And now even going to, going to college, you know, getting, getting an opportunity to be arca an architecture major and things like that and college. And it's just so cool, man. That's what, that's why you do it. Well, no, that's why you do it. Lives lives, man. That's why you do it. And you can vote for Travis in the Man of the Year fan vote using Walter Peyton Man of the Year Challenge.


That's hashtag WPMOY challenge Plus at t Kelsey on Twitter. Congrats Trav. That's awesome. I love you big. I appreciate it, man. And shout out to Ignition Lab and Operation Breakthrough for, for just being the awesome opportunity for these kids that they are. Man. Well, I drove in a 69 Chevelle. Jason, you wrecked a helmet. Yeah. Driving around in a little golf cart. Well, I mean, it's okay. It it did it, it made it out. All right. It passed the concussion test. Oh yeah. Look at this dude. Look at that Cruising. You're hilarious. Cruising baby. You're literally the Philadelphia mascot. You can, we literally stopped traffic to do these shoots, which I'm just like, I'm like, this is this gonna be a fun bit?


It's a fun bit. It's good. I love it, man. Have you seen this golf cart before? Yeah. So the Eagles have this one, they also have a co, a throwback one, like a Kelly Green version of it. Yeah, kind. They kind of live in the stadium and we thought it'd be funny. So we're gonna use this footage, not this one, but we're gonna use this footage in conjunction with the late night show. Gosh, I just took that one swerve a little bit too hard. And that couldn't Of course, correct. Oh no, dude. Yeah. That, that can get dicey. No, for sure. Yeah. I mean, I stuck my arm out. It could have gone real bad. It could have gone horrendously bad. I've actually seen this go real bad, like broken hand bad. Yeah. On a golf course you were on pavement.


It's pavement. So, I mean, it's nice and soft. You know, golf courses are pretty hard with all that grass, so, well, thank God you came out unscathed, man. I got those wheels up and I was like, oh dear, here it goes. I could feel it coming big man. But luckily I had my helmet on and came out unscathed. Oh. Came out unscathed. Oh, nice. Dan always told us to wear helmets. He did. He was, whenever you're riding your bike, your scooter, you're gonna have a helmet on roller. That's right. Hey, put a helmet on those, those helmets with the Wings on 'em and protecting me for a while. So good Fly Eagles fly, baby. Well, we're all glad you're okay.


And that's it for new news.


Hey, brought to you by Paramount Network. Again, watch your Yellowstone season finale this Sunday. Eight Eastern, seven Central, followed by 1923, season One only on Paramount network.


We're so pumped to be partnering with our friends at Google TV. How about it? And I know Jason's been getting to play around with it. Jason, wanna share more with the 92 Percenters? Yeah. Trav GOOGLE TV makes it so easy to find what you want to watch, since it brings all of your favorite movie shows and live TV channels across your subscriptions all in one place. Nice. One of my favorite features, and one that I know United Two Percenters would love is that you can also get recommendations based on what you already like, including live sports content tailored just for you, right on your for You tab. It lets you jump straight into the action and access live games from your favorite teams. And if you're like me and you always forget to write down the name of a new show, someone recommends GOOGLE TV also has you covered with their awesome watch list feature. It's so easy to add new things. You can even do it right from your phone. And if you're looking for some fresh things to add to your watch list, surprise me. Jason, what would I'd like to see on your list? My list is dominated by Bluey. I mean, it's the number one on the list at all times. I would say, you know, little Giants is always on my list. Little Mighty Ducks action at the g.co/tv/new Heights Right now to learn more. And while you're at it, make sure to check out my show and movie Confessions on GOOGLE TV. I might be biased, but I definitely have the best watch list out there.


Alright, 92 Percenters. We're excited to talk about our next partner, Disney's Move Fossa, THE LION KING, which will be coming to theaters near you. December 20th. That's right, Jason, you think you know the story of MUFASA, but you don't. I don't. This all new movie. Yeah, this all new movie follows a young MUFASA as he meets his adoptive brother Taka the heir to a ROYAL bloodline. And who you may also know by the other name Scar. Scar wasn't his original name. His name used to be Taka. Yeah. And he was the original heir to be the king. I would love to see where he got the scar from, because I think that's why they called him Scar. He had the scar. Yeah. That makes sense. I've never thought about that. The brothers embark on a journey in search of their destiny, but their bonds will be tested as they work together to evade a threatening but deadly foe in the film. The brothers meet a lot of familiar faces along the way. Introducing us to a younger version of many of our favorite Lion King characters. We got Zu. See where he came from? Yeah. Zu Rafiki. Rafiki dude. Rafiki iss the most underrated character in the original movie. It's The Bad God. Her FI's a good character. So good. You're not gonna wanna miss this one. Make sure you take your whole family to see Mufasa. THE LION KING in theater is on December 20th. Again. That's December 20th.


Breaking news from our friends at ACCELERATOR. They've got a new flavor. Oh, what's that? They have orange. Ooh yeah, baby. Is that orange Ice pop? What's an orange ice pop? Ooh, that's damn good, man. It's one of my favorites. I'm not gonna lie. It might be my favorite. Now. I love Orange Man who loves Orange Ice Pop. Travis. Go to drink ACCELERATOR dot com and when you buy any case of ACCELERATOR, they will send you a free case of Orange ice Pop to try. Orange Ice Pop is coming to a store near you in early 2025. But for a sneak peek, head over to drink ACCELERATOR dot com to get a free case.


All righty, let's move on to some bold topics to wrap up. Week 14 of the NFL. Hey,


bold topics is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Prime is your ticket to Holiday magic.


All right, starting with, Of course, the Chief. That's right. Chiefs 19 Chargers. 17, man. Come on. What's going on? Speak to me. Trav. Some good old fashioned a FC West Division football baby. Oh, you ain't lying. I think, I think the Chargers are a fucking hell of a goddamn football team. Yeah. Harbaugh has got those playing everybody, guys playing their tail off. Playing with a lot of heart chiefs with another one Score win. Another one that came down to a field goal. Yeah. Let's, let's get right into the donk. So new kicker. Matthew Wright from Lancaster. Pa. Lancaster Pa. He's a PA guy. Yeah, he is right around there in bird's country. You know what, I, I don't think so, but he kind of has that, it's pretty easy to tell.


He looks like maybe one of 'em that, you know, just walked outta the barn and said, I'm good. Double Don. Well, not double dunk. Doink in double doink. You're gonna go there. That's Matt Aggie. You're gonna go there Maggie. He fucking, that was a low blow man. Is it Cody Parkey. All right, let's get to the last drive. Pat starts wheeling and dealing. This is the worthy throw dancing around. Big third down conversion on the third and 10. Oh, we're gonna go into this. Look at this. We're gonna talk about some protections. Good. Oh yeah, man. P ride. Ajay came down. Listen, we just talked about Durwin. Durwin. Listen, listen. Derwin, not Darwin's not fucking around, man. No. When he blitzes, he's, he's taken the back straight on.


He's he's done that, he's done that to guys all year. And it, not that he got put on his tail, but I mean that was a col That was a football. No, this was a, I respect the hell outta This is football right here. Yeah. Peon. Freaking look at that. Throwing their bodies in there. Yeah. Pat steps to the left. Drifts. Look at that. It's worthy for the first down. I mean, that was the biggest play of the game potentially right there. Yeah. Next to this one. There we go. We get a little boot action. Trav, it's been well recorded that you're supposed to keep running that corner route. You decide to sit well recorded. What? Said just what? Supposed to run a corner Travis. Everybody said you were supposed to run a corner. Who's everybody? Everybody that was a can. I think Pat said it. I'm pretty sure Pat said it.


Fuck no. But seriously, obviously, you know what makes you sit right here. I mean, corner over top. You know the corner's not gonna be open. I mean, not corner. The, the corner, the corner is actually playing the flat. This is cover two and there's, you gotta think of like the voids in cover two. Like the, the voids are sidelines and Yeah, the whole shot in between the safety and the corner. The whole, yeah, the whole shot in between the safety, down the sideline. I felt like I couldn't beat that safety there. Like that angle. He had the leverage on you outside. Yeah, the angle like wasn't like a sheer catch. Yep. So I started to just kind of like turn my shoulders squared up to Pat and sure enough, and just kind of like felt that void.


You know, I knew whether the hook to Curl Defender was he was, he then like chased Pat because Pat Wa looked like he was about to run. Yep. And I was just like, let me just kind of fill that void in this void. Yeah. Yeah. Pat, pat made an unbelievable play to keep the, keep it alive and making that first guy miss. And then sure enough, man, one five's always gonna find the open guy. Man. Trev catches it kneeling, doesn't even try to get up, knows he's got the game one. Just ball security. Don't do any, don't don't drop the baby. Just hold on to that thing. I knew the hit was coming too. I was like, the safety's right behind me. When's it gonna, when Where's it at? Where's it at? Yep. You know, somebody's coming and Yeah, that sets up the game winning field goal attempt, which, you know, pretty close one.


They're all hard though. When the game's on the line and pulled a little Tim Duncan action goes off the left upright and end banks open on Sundays, baby. There we go, baby. Yeah. What'd this feel like? I'm a big fan of just scoring touchdowns man and Ma and forcing the other team to have to score touchdowns, but I understand not even giving them a chance. And, and that's a very high percentage field goal right there. I think we're sitting at like 20 yards, 30 yards or something like that. Yeah. It is what it is. I'm, I'm always here for what the team's decision is. That's why I didn't even think about getting up. I knew the situation we were in and what we were gonna wanna do once we got the first down was right to kick a field goal and run the clock out.


Yep. So if that's what that's what the game plan is, baby. I'm all in. Yeah. Well we did find out that Andy is not a game winning fuel goal watcher. We have a clip of this. Oh, he do, you know, this a little superstitious or he just doesn't wanna watch. Yeah. The crowd will tell him. Look at that. Wow. Yeah, baby. Yeah, baby. Oh man, you my guy. Pacheco back out there rolling downhill, man. Him and Big Red having a fucking good time after this one. Division game man division on the line. Won the division for the what, whatever year against a, a really fucking good Chargers team. You can't tell me that Justin Herbert isn't one of the best fucking quarterbacks in the National Football League. Man.


Dude, he's balling this year. He, he's had some games. He can sling that pill. I mean, he is balling every year it feels like with Harbaugh getting there, it feels like some of that swagger's back with that team. You know, the, the leaders in that, on that team, the coaches coming in. Coach Minner coach. Yeah. Coach Elston. Our guys, our guys at Elton's there too. Rick Min is there. Rick Rick was with me in Philadelphia. Was he really? Jesse Jesse's dad. Yeah. Nice. I didn't know that. Yeah, he's a, he's a fellow Bearcat. He is coach as well. Yep. But yeah, they, they, they got that thing figured out Right now they're playing really, really good football man. And they played us, played us pretty goddamn tough both times with we got 'em.


Absolutely. Definitely. Pat had some post-game quotes. I truly believe we are close closer than we were last year at this point. I would agree with that. I think that's a very good statement by Pat. I think at this point last year it was you guys had just lost to us and it was looking kind of down for the chiefs and you guys got it going. I kind of Think it is looking better. I think offensively at this point last year it was, we didn't even know that it was gonna get worse. Yeah. We, we, you know, it's, it, it went all the way through Christmas and we, we were lucky we had two games after Christmas to be able to figure it out. But it was a different situation. I just think you guys have a good roster, you guys.


I I think that, I'll be honest, I, and we've talked about it a little bit. I think the protections have been a thing that have thrown off the offense a little bit. I thought the protections were a lot better yesterday. Humphreys looked good. I don't know what his hamstring looks like, but he did a good job at left tackle last, this last game. He's came in the building and been a fucking all star professional man. Yeah. He's just been the, just a high energy guy. Loves what he does. Comes in, shows how much he loves this game and how much he appreciates being in the, being in the, in the situation to play football. I've just love the guy for, for that mentality and his, his hard work man. It's, it sucks that the first game he gets in, man, he gets the hamstring.


He'll be back, he'll be back regardless. Even if he's back this week or whenever. I think that's gonna help out a lot of things. 'cause it felt like that's been something that's thrown off the timing and rhythm a little bit. And that'll, it'll help Pat out. It'll help everything out. I do wanna say this though. Pat is nearly unstoppable. It, it is so crazy watching him in two minute situations before the half you guys go and get a touchdown and a game when you need to get a drive together. He somehow finds a way to convert and move the ball down. So you guys are in Fieldable range. Why are you guys just not always a two point, just run two point offense. Like what are we even doing running the rest of the offense? Just two minutes. Like, I don't even know why we're wasting time. The little upt tempo It does. You know what up tempo does just be two minute, not even minutes. Two, you can even even huddle. Just huddle. Just go do two minute.


Just tell Pat before every drive, pat. Hey, we got two minutes left. Like, Travis, the is we, we just started the game. All that sounds good. All that sounds good until, you know, the thing is, is when you go two minute, it's typically a little bit more basic plays, right? It's kind like set plays. The defense is running very s simple defenses and it kind of simplifies everything from what you're seeing. For sure. I can find voids easier. I can, You know, I see what the defense is in before the snap because they, they can't dick around at the line of scrimmage or give us a crazy look at the line of scrimmage while we're in two minutes, right? Yeah. So it's just, it, it definitely makes the game easier, but at the same time, you can't do that shit all game.


That shit will get fucking stopped in a heartbeat If you do that shit all game. Yeah. I don't know. I haven't seen anybody stop pat yet. It might be worth trying. I'm just saying, just let that go out there being point guard. You ain't lying man. Patty Mahomes baby. The Big Yeti got another milestone. Travis Kelce became the fastest titan in NFL history. 172 games to reach 12,000 career receiving yards. Previous record was held by none other than Tony Gonzalez in 210 games. LeBron stayed a real state. God damn, I think that's pretty real sta 210 games. Well he got, he played more than that. It took him 210 games to get the 12,000 dude career receiving yards. He ended with 15,000.


I don't even know if I could, so he played a lot of games. Tony played a lot of games. That's, that's almost 40 more games. I don't dunno if I, I mean played for more. Well, I mean, listen, that's a lot more games. Fuck again. Tony played more than two 10. Tony played, I mean, he got 15,000. Yeah, that was, yeah. That's insane. Tony's longevity is, is insane. How did he fucking do it? God damn. I remember he had like some type of protein that I used to take. Maybe that was it. I he was into spearfishing. Maybe he was harnessing the power of the sun, I think. I think he was. There you go. 2 71 with the call. So many games. That's so many games. It's crazy.


How many, how many did he play altogether? Can we get that thrown up there real quick? It says right here he played 270 regular season games. He played a whole hundred more than what I'm at Right now. Yeah, it's outrageous. It's no, it's you my gosh. No fucking chance that's built different. I don't, I mean, that's so impressive, dude. He got, I'm pretty sure he got into the league before he was 21 and then on top of that he played until he was 30, say 36, 37. Oh, he played longer than 3, 6, 3 7. I don't know man. Don't, so pretty sure. So it was only like 17 years. Yeah. Insane is what he did. He, he's 48 now.


Why, why did we need to know that? We're trying to do some math. When did he retire? You could just leave. He retired with the Falcons when? Like right before they, about 10 years ago. You're probably right about 38 years old, right? 37 38. Yeah. 7, 13, 11 years. Yeah. You're, you're a thousand percent right. Alright, I'll stop talking either way. Unbelievably impressive. Shout, shout out to Tony, man. She's now on the a FC West for nine straight seasons. The, I Before we move on, I, it's so funny being on this list, on these lists with Tony because it, every single time I, it puts in perspective what he actually did when he was in the National Football League.


Yeah. And it's, fuck, it'll never be touched. It's a much different league too. There's no way. There's no way. It's like, it's it's so fucking mind blowing that he did that and, and back when football was football. Yeah. I mean he did it. He that long and you could literally get your head taken off. He played that long in a league where there was two adays during training camp. The, you know, the, the hitting, they would take your head off as a safety. I remember the Dawkins clip on algae. Crumpler. Dude. What? That that was legal crack backs. Dude, you better be, that is check. You can do that. They used to actually teach you head on a swivel. I don't even think they teach head on a swivel box.


My first, first because it doesn't matter. It doesn. You don't even matter to have a head on a swivel. There's no repercussions. Nope. If you get that's a just run around endlessly. It's a penalty and a fine and a half. Define at that. Back when they were just in AstroTurf, which is just a carpet rolled over fucking cement. Do you remember playing on Lakewood High School? Yeah. That had the astro fuck. That was outrageous. The worst. Who did that? These guys played whole NFL career on everybody to bring gym shoes. Gym shoes instead of cleats. Yeah. Yeah. Like dude, yeah. You have to bring basketball shoes. No. Have you ever run on your carpet in your living room? That's exactly what this is. Baseball diamonds. Everybody had a joint stadium with the baseball teams. Dude, you're just talking about the vet.


Absolutely insane, man. Football was crazy back in the day. Yeah, well it's still pretty crazy. You know what else is crazy Is the chiefs have won the a FC West nine straight seasons. Yes sir. Dude, this is outrageous. I mean, talk about domination, sorry to the rest of the A CUS, but this is unbelievable. The last time Kansas, the city didn't win the division. Patrick Holmes was still playing college baseball. It's pretty funny. Fucking that's a great fucking stat. That's a LeBron stat if I've ever heard of that. That's funny as hell. Nice. That's, we'll talk about perspective week 15, Travis is headed back to the 2 1 6. That's right. They take on the Browns. Yes sir. And potentially the greatest soundbite quarterback of all time.


James Winston, you excited for the Homecoming? I am, man. I am man. You know, we're Cleveland guys to, to heart to the court, to, to the court. So it's, yep. I've, I've played there once and I am so excited to be able to get back there. It was, it was a dream come true. Playing in front of Cleveland. You've only played there once. Yeah, man. I've only been to, I've only been back when it was first Energy. Dude. I went to that game. Somehow I was able to go to that game. Kareem Hunt was his first year with the Browns. He had just been with the Browns. No, no, no, no, no. He was with you guys still Kareem That's was, it was a double comeback to Cleveland kid. Kareem had three touchdowns and I had two. Got it. Yep. It was a, it was a season kid. I Reem went off kid type of day.


Yeah. But yeah, it was a, it was, it was a dream come true to score in the end zone and be right there in front of the dog. Pound a little different. Catching some, some birds, some Yeah, well some middle fingers. That's what it is. Some booze and some some barks. All in friendly band from the enemy side of perspective. But I still love Cleveland for man and it's such an honor playing back in Cleveland and it's, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a fun day, man. It's gonna be a fun day. And hopefully we can go in there and get into a, a dog fight with the, the dog pound and have some fun, man. Well, interim Brandon's gonna be in attendance. Does that add any additional pressure to this game? Hmm.


No. Love Brandon though. Thanks for coming, man. That's cool. What is brand? Why are you gonna be in Cleveland? Brandon? Why not? Why do you sound like that? Why, Why you, why, Why wouldn't I be in CA beautiful December in Cleveland? Yeah. Are you kidding me? Can Flip the flip. You see how fast I flipped that on you? Jason, can we, you see How fast Is Judo Jew? Just fucking put you in a blender. Do Can we, can we explain why we're actually gonna be in Cleveland now? A friend of a friend has a connection to the Browns and was like, do you just want to go to the Browns game? I was like, sure, fine. I'll do 36 hours in Cleveland. There you go. Where you staying? No, I don't know. Just neighborhood. Neighborhood. We're staying close to the stadium. We're staying close to the stadium. So you Gonna stay downtown? Yeah. Downtown.


Yeah. Yeah. What should I do? What should I do? I have 36 hours. Dude, Check out the art museum. Ohio City. Ohio City. Check out the Art museum. Art museum. A great natural history museum actually. Ooh, really good. One of the really good rock and roll history museum. Yeah. Yeah. The science museum is down to this. It's like the, the Rock and Roll Museum is phenomenal. There've been a lot of museums. Okay. Big big time. Museum. Museum Tour. Big museum. Big Museum people. All right. Yeah. I'll do a museum tour. I'll report back next week. Nice. Ooh, this is a fun time of year because Great Lakes has come out with their Christmas ale. Yeah. Make sure you go to a restaurant that is serving Great Lakes. Christmas A it's a very Ohio thing.


They put like this like spice thing on the rim. Ooh. You're gonna enjoy it. It's very good. Okay. Highly recommend. Go over there to Ohio. Ohio State. You actually just go to the brewery. They do it at the brewery. Yeah, it's right. Just go to the Brewery Brew. Just go over. Definitely Be there. Just go to the source. Get underneath the tab. You'll be fine. It'll definitely be there. But I'm a big fan of the Christmas sale. You can also always hit a town hall right next door. One of my favorite spots in Cleveland. Yeah. Ooh. Okay. Great Lakes Town Hall. All right. I'll be there. I'll have a bunch of those and I'm gonna go jump in the dog pound. Go check it out. I would. There's so many places that Jason just come. Just show up. You show up everywhere. Just drive your little helmet car over and just show up. I mean, I am, I was gonna spend maybe some days with my kids this week, but you know what?


Fucking I'll go. They Got, they have so much time. You have. So look, you have so much time with that. Jesus. The delivery on that line is so good. Just show up and be all right. God. You'll be like, are you fucking kidding me?


This Sunday, it's double the drama and double the Duttons only on Paramount network. That's right. First up the season finale of Yellowstone. Hey, with their darkest secrets on the verge of being exposed and as threats amount on all fronts, what will become of the Den family? Ooh, watch the Yellowstone season finale only on Paramount network this Sunday at eight seven Central to find out. Then check out the entire first season of 1923 starring Academy Award nominee Harrison Ford and Academy Award winner Helen Muren. As Jacob and Kara Dutton. See how the fight for the Yellowstone Ranch began this Sunday after the Yellowstone season finale only on the Paramount network.


Our partners at LIQUIDIV IV want you to know that hydration is key for keeping up with the holiday hustle and with convenient packets of the hydration multiplier or sugar-free hydration multiplier, you can get eight vitamins and nutrients, three times the electrolytes of leading sports drinks and no artificial sweeteners. Just think of all the ways LIQUIDIV IV will come in handy. It can keep you hydrated while traveling, hosting family, or even after the Year end holiday party. And they've got all the true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. They even got sugar free options like raspberry melon, white peach, and green grape. So stay hydrated during the holidays. Tear pour, live more. One LIQUIDIV IV stick. Plus 16 ounces of water Hydrates better than water alone. Get 20% off your first order of LIQUIDIV IV when you go to LIQUIDIV iv.com. Use the code new Heights. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today. Using promo code new Heights at LIQUIDIV iv.com.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to make sure you charge your full electric Chevelle before driving it to the stadium on game day. That's right. Or even checking If you put air in the tires of your helmet car before you drive your helmet car around Philadelphia. Checking first is a very smart thing to do. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the U US only. Savings vary Terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Alright, let's get to some Eagles Panthers. Man, the birds are flying around man. Initial thoughts on the game, Jason. Well they got the nine straight. It was not the cleanest game for the Eagles, but they found a way to win. Yeah. And I think that, you know, Right now they're, listen, they've been playing so good and the like level has been so high of like everybody's excitement for this team. Yeah. I actually think it's really good that this game was close and they got brought back down to Earth. The Panther, the, the Panthers have been doing this to a lot of teams recently. Bryce Young is playing a lot better. Made a hell of a lot of plays scrambling and making plays down the field. Oh I know. They've been playing teams close including, you know, one of the teams in the A FFC West.


So I think this is all in all obviously happy. The Eagles gotta win and I think that they'll get out of this game and they got nine straight, You know, I mean it's hard to win football games Right now. They're sitting at 11 and two. So it was, it was a lot of fun. It was also fun to actually go to a game. I haven't been to a game really that many this year. Oh nice. You went to it. Yeah, we went to it. We took the kids. What? I know dude. It was awesome. It was awesome. How was, how were the girls at the games? They enjoy 'em. They were great. They didn't give one crap about the football game but they had a blast eating a bunch of food and popcorn and running around all over the place. Like crazy lunatics. So yeah, it was, it was really cool. What is this text?


Yeah, we were on a group chat. Text me Jake and Brandon. Yeah. This is on the Legette. Looked like he caught it and rolled into the end zone on their last, you know, drive. Yeah. And yeah, I think everybody in the stadium before you saw the replay thought it was a touchdown 'cause he came up with it pretty clean and Jake said this, holy shit that was close. You replied with butthole Puckered up a bit, huh? Yeah, you gotta have a loose caboose man. You can't let that, you gotta keep your composure. You can't, you can't pucker up. Listen, I don't play anymore so now I just sit there and my butthole puckers 'cause I have zero control's. Good point. If I have control my I'd have a loose butthole, but because I don't have control, my butthole gets tight.


That's the way it works. Well played. Biggest story coming out of the Eagles game are unfortunately come from AJ Brown. Yeah. When asked about the issues facing the offense, he simply said passing. He thinks passing is is the issue. Also admitted that it's incredibly tough for the receivers to get into a rhythm when the offense is only passing the ball 20 times a game. Succinct. Well aj, I don't know If you know this, but Saquon Barkley is arguably the MVP in the NFL some pretty handing him the ball a lot is kind of like a really good thing. It is. Yeah. No, it works out well. I understand. Well you should, you're really good too. And getting you the ball a lot is a really good thing.


Yeah, I mean I personally, I just think, you know, listen, he's frustrated after a game, right? Yeah. They barely beat a team that they know they should have performed better. There's been a lot of stuff made about this comment from aj, a lot of stuff made about Jaylen's comment about like offense and like synchronization and whatnot. And ultimately I just think it's two guys that are frustrated after a game in which they didn't meet the standard that they hold for themselves and they know the offense doesn't meet the standard that it holds for itself. And unfortunately we live in a day and age and we both know this very well, where things that you say, You know, I don't know how long AJ sat there and talked to reporters, but it's probably like 10 minutes.


I bet. And this is the only thing that really trends, right? All the other stuff that gets said doesn't. Yeah. The reality is when you're frustrated after a game, sometimes you, you know, you, you, you're, you're, you're answering things in a heated moment and I know I've been there. I know everybody I've damn near played with has been there. And you know, this is what happens when you have highly competitive individuals that know that they can be contributing more or know that the offense can be better than it's, or that the team can be better than it's, there's also BG had some comments. I know AJ Brown is a tremendous teammate and a guy that I loved being on the same team with. He's a guy that's highly competitive and wants to win and have an impact on the game.


And I think that's what you want in a star receiver or a player in general of that caliber. Yeah. I know Jalen Hertz operates in a very similar fashion. They've also played a lot of ball together. They played a lot of ball in the NFL. Nick Ciani is a great coach. Keller Moore has done a phenomenal job with the offense. These are things that happened. There was, you know, there was somebody saying like, I think one of Jaylen's comments was like, should you be still figuring this out week 13 in the NFL? And he said no. And I understand why he said that because like, you know, you're, you're, you're almost to the playoffs. We should be getting, have everything dialed in. But the reality is you're always figuring this out the way the league works. You're like, you're even, no matter where you're at, you're constantly trying to iron things out.


Yeah. Make things better. That's the only way you become one of the best teams in the NFL. Yeah. That's the only way Yeah. Is by the continually going through that process. Yeah. Like you just said, this team has an identity Right now and that identity has been running the ball with Saquon Barkley and exposing the secondary when they commit to stopping that run and they have all of those pieces able to do that. I understand that balance is going to help. That's just the reality. I think as an offense you wanna have balance, but I really like where the identity has been for the most part it's been really good and has led to them beating. They, I mean they just beat the Ravens, right? One of the best teams in the NFL in Baltimore.


I know they're frustrated with this game, but let's not lose sight. The defense is playing lights out. We're one of the best teams in the NFC and all of these guys are really, really good. I tend to think that these comments and all this media stuff is only gonna bring these guys closer together. That's where I look at it. I, when stuff like this happens, I think that these guys are gonna be galvanized because they realize how good they are. Kellen Moore and all these guys are gonna keep growing this offense to be the best dialed in machine it can be by the postseason. And you know, I've, I'm very excited for where all this stuff is headed. Unbelievable talent. Yeah. On that football team, especially on the offensive side.


Only one football bub you only got one ball to get a get it around and whether you're running it, you're throwing it, it's it's going to one guy unless you're lateral, then it goes to two guys. Yeah. Well yeah, that's, that's why I lateral because I'm just trying to You gotta spread the ball, spread the wealth. You gotta spread the love, man. You gotta spread the love, man. We gotta get Saquon lateral into aj. Get this thing going. Get this thing going sir, let's go baby. Anyways, my man Grant Calcaterra caught his first touchdown pass in the NFL this week. Dude. I So not only was this video of his family going nuts, it kind of went viral. Here we go. Check him out.


Check him out. Nice. Nice. Well it looks just like him. So that would add up. I was about to say. Yeah. Yep. Were they watching this again in the, in the bar after the game? I thought that was him. Not only were these guys going nuts on the video, but I went down on the field afterwards and saw his, he had a bunch of family that was there. His dad was there, his mom was there. Nice. And everybody was fired up about Grant getting his first touchdown pass. This is one of the guys too that like the whole team gets fired up about. Yeah. When they get their first touchdown. Like Dallas got us out.


Grant's actually had a, a number of like big seam catches. He's, he's having a really good year for the Eagles. Nice. Especially as a pass catcher. And he's been a guy that's always gone in there and done the dirty work over the last couple years doing slice blocks, running counters, like doing all this stuff that like no other tight end wants to do. And whenever a guy like that gets rewarded and all of a sudden a start is catching a touchdown pass, I think that that's something that everybody gets fired up about. Fires you up, baby. Hell yeah. Including his football family, not just his regular family. So, nice. Congrats Grant. Yeah, it was awesome. Hopefully the first a many for you brother. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Next week the Eagles are hosting Mr. Unlimited, Russell Wilson and the Steelers Probably, probably worth noting that the last time the Eagles played the Steelers, AJ Brown had six catches for 156 yards and scored three touchdowns.


So yeah, maybe it's time to go back to the ball. Maybe we should pass the ball. Maybe it's time to go back to throwing that thing. That's what aj, he just knew we were playing the Steelers next week, so he is like, all right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put this out there. I'm gonna set this shit up Right now. I'm gonna put this out there Right now. We need to work on passing. Yeah. Yeah. I like That. We did a voicemail question about the Steelers that we are going to answer. Are we doing that now or is that, is this happening an invoice? We're doing it now. Okay. Hey fellas, this is Patrick from Pittsburgh, longtime listener, first time caller. Two quick questions. First one's more so for Travis. Cool Travis as the greatest tight end to ever play the game. What is your honest opinion of Pat Fryer?


Mo Oh, okay. Second, what is it like to be standing on the field at Acrisure Stadium in the fourth quarter whenever they play Renegade? Oh, talk to you guys later. Bye Dude. There we go. So first of all, it's Hez Field. I'll never not call it Hines Field. I'm not forever behind field, not dealing with this nonsense. You only get one stadium name when it first comes out that I'm sticking to it. I'm over the corporate name and renaming. It's over. It's, it's it's Heinz Field. You fuck don't like Arrowhead. And who pays G HH Stadium for just like, I don't care who pays for Jacobs Field's name. It's Jacobs Field. I don't give a fuck what you call that thing. It's progressive, But yeah. No, it's not. It's Jacobs Field. That's where dude, that's where Arrowhead gets it, right?


'cause it's always, it's Geha at Arrowhead. So Arrowhead always remains the same name. I Think it's Geh. I can't deal with this like Geha. I'm not, whatever Geha, GEHA, I'm not doing. I'm, I'm not doing it. I'm not, I'm not re like, you can't, Hinz field is a fucking special. They had the tomato ketchup bottle going down. What are talking about? Yeah. So good. It is such a special place to play, man. And I'm pumped. I get to play on Christmas out there, man. So anyways, listen, as my professional, you know, 13 year career and, and nothing to do with tight end play.


I think Pat Remu is a hell of a tight end. I think he's doing a tremendous job. Nice. I think he's, he asked me that question. He needs to work on his, he needs to work on his footwork a little bit Shut. Little clumsy footed. D is not clumsy footed at all. Sometimes. Sometimes. Why are you taking shots? When I watch him, sometimes when I watch him play, he looks like a, a friar south. He looks like a Friar South, not a Friar Muth. I don't even know where the fuck I'm going with this. Alright, you can take it. Go ahead, Travis. I see you're trying, you're trying to have some fun with it though. Yeah, no, pat is actually, he's one of my favorite tight ends to watch, man. He's, he's savvy in his route running. He is very, he's very like tight or quarterback friendly, which he knows Angles coming out to where he knows he can get a guaranteed catch. And quarterbacks fucking love it when you, you come outta your brakes in cer with certain angles, depending on where the defender closest to you is.


You come out at an angle specific to the leverage of the defender, not just running the route that's on the paper. Exactly. And, and he does a great job of feeling voids like that and feeling how, how he needs to get in and outta brakes. And then on top of that, he's just a tough football player man. I think he embodies the, the Steeler kind of way to play, which is like, it's that steel curtain that, that that toughness that you gotta play with man. He's willing to, you know, stick his face in the fan and yeah, do whatever he needs to do for his team. Man. I think he, yeah, the Pittsburgh like toughness, like when I think of Pittsburgh tight ends, I think of like he Heath Miller. Okay. Heath. And when he used to catch the ball, he would just have it.


Yeah. And big Him and Big Ben were always on the same fucking page. They would fuck, they would just, like, in the middle of a run, he'd just give like Miller a fucking wink and he'd just run like a little seam route and he'd just do quick 10 yards. Just fucking truck everybody. Now, don't get me wrong, they're two completely different players, but they do have that same Pittsburgh toughness. But yeah, I think Fat's a great player there. Is it about those, those like tough fan bases, bright future, brave Future. What, what is it about those fan bases that really love tight ends? I think you're honest some, 'cause when I Think it, I thought of the same thing with everything you were just saying. I thought of Heath Miller. Like, when I think of Pittsburgh, I think about tight ends. I think it's, honestly, when I think about the Eagles, I think of tight ends. I certainly think about tight ends with kids, the city.


Ooh. Who's your, who's your, who's your, who's your favorite Eagles Tight end. My favorite Eagles tight end. Don't make me do this. Of course. Don't make me do this. Of course. Come on. I'm not doing this. 'cause I got too many buddies. I got close friends. I can't pick one or the other. All right, all right, all right. Mine's Zs. But I do love, I'm tell, I love Dallas Telling. I can't wait to tell s he just said that he's gonna be so pissed at you. Chad Lewis is another favorite of mine. Chad Lewis. I should have just gone pre my teammate years in, you know. Yeah. Anyways. So many good ones, man. So many good ones. Selly, come on. We already know he is at the top of the list. Yeah, I think, I think the second part of the question, I don't even remember answering. Oh, the Renegade Renegade that is, oh, fucking electric from the long time of, if you're, if it's a really close game, you feel that?


Yeah. Like tension build in the stadium, it's pretty dope. If it's the other way around, then you don't really feel it like that. Yeah. But usually if the Steelers, the defense is really good, their defense is really good. So usually it is close. So usually you feel it a lot. Yeah. And the whole stadium gets into it. This is another thing that Ryan Clark pointed out to me when we were there. Everybody wears like their team's jerseys, but it feels like Pittsburgh is like even like that on a thousand. Like I don't think anybody goes to that game without wearing an actual Pittsburgh Steeler's jersey. They all wear the jerseys throughout the day in the city. I know, man. I like it. It's very, I mean, I see a lot of jerseys in there pretty crazy. The amount of Steelers fans that were in legitimate jerseys at the game, I think that's something that they, that's like a thing.


I mean, every fan base wears jerseys, but a lot of jerseys in Pittsburgh. So especially when Renegade's going, it's, I don't know what it is about. I just, I Think it was growing up wearing black and gold and Cleveland Heights. It's color. I mean, that's Cleveland Heights. I just, black and gold has always been a favorite. I recognize it more. I don't know what it is. I don't know If it, If it, everybody. It's a really good color combination. Black and gold is just a good color combo. It's so good. It's so good. And then you add that, that cool fucking old school Steelers logo in there. Like's so iconic. What's, what are the, what are your favorite color combos of, of teams? My like black and gold is one of them. I'll say this, I love, I've always loved the color Green. Not just 'cause I'm an Eagles fan, I just love the color green.


Yeah. One of my favorite color combos. I don't have anything to do with the team. Oakland A, the green and yellow is just a, it is a awesome, it's iconic dude. Like it's iconic. I know. I mean Green Bay Packers. But I, for some reason that Oakland a for whatever reason, it's hat, it's just like stands out as like one of the coolest It slaps. Yeah. It's just a dope hat. It slaps. They're the Sacramento a's now I think of the same thing with the, the Super Socks. Soon to be the Vegas a's Oh, they're, they're moving now too. Oh yeah. They're outta there. Everybody's leaving Oakland for Vegas. It's unfortunate, man. Oakland's a, it's a beautiful sports town. Yeah. I maybe this just green and yellow. 'cause I thought of the Supersonics jerseys and like stuff I like tho those are some D dynamite, nasty.


Freaking nasty. I think they're trying to bring a team back to the an NBA team back to Seattle too. What's, what's another what? What are your favorites? My favorites. I'm a old school Cavs in 90 nineties. Cavs, I knew you were gonna go there. I you're talking, are you talking about this combo talking about blue and orange? Or are you talking about I kind of like the blue and black. I like the splash. The splash jerseys the one where it looked like they had paint going across their jerseys. I gotcha. You know what I mean? Like the, that very end of the Mark Price years, the, the Sean Kemp years, the 96, 97, 98, they had the blue and black on those, on those ones. Those are my favorite too. I think I'm with you though. I love those ones. There's something about blue and black where it kind of clashes, but it works.


And then the, then the hint of that orange in, it has that orange in there. I'm a big orange guy too. Is that because of the Browns? Are we just subliminally been affected our whole lives? We have, that was one thing, like, I like Broncos jerseys because I like brown. I like the color orange. I just like oranges. Yeah. Like Orioles. Orioles have a good color combo because it's, I like the orange. I don't know what it is. Orioles are another God damn right. That's a good one right there. Yeah, I Think it just like have been like the pirates are black and gold. This is all just comes back to our childhood penguins. Yeah. Does everybody else feel this way or is it just us? I don't know. Talk to us. 92 Percenters. And that does it for, for catching up with the Eagles and Panthers.


Shout out to the Eagles for finding a way to get a win against a sneaky good team. Yep. And thank you for your voicemail, man. I'll be excited to hear Renegade in the fourth quarter on Christmas. Alrighty, let's hit a little bit more from the biggest stories from week 14 in the NFL starting is going on this week. Yeah. Starting with the gambling. Dan Campbell, a lot of talk about Dan Campbell declining to kick and keeping his offense on the field on fourth to one, up three at the Green Bay. 21 with 43 seconds left. I don't, I mean, listen, fourth and one, you go for it. I'm, I'm a thousand percent in on Dan and they're starting to see this. We're gonna get to the Rams game, but they did it on fourth and five.


They were like, yeah, we can't give Josh Allen on the ball back. And I think that, You know, I not Josh Allen, Dan's been criticized a little bit about those fourth down decisions last year in the playoffs. But this gambling Dan Campbell, man, that's why he has been where he is, been. These lions win a lot of games because of these decisions and being aggressive and because they're a really good football team. Dude, there's just something that's so likable about this guy. Dude, he was, I check out this, I think I've said it on here before. He was one of the guys, he was down at Miami as a tight end coach. Yeah. Back in 2013 when I was coming out and I was like, man, I wanna fucking play for that guy. That guy seems like a fucking great coach. He seems like he gets the best outta guys. Seems like he's all in tough.


Son of a gun. And sure enough, man, you could see, you know, as the years go on, how great of a coach he really is and how he can really embody, get guys to embody that toughness and play for him. And, and yeah. It's, it's, it's a dagger when you, when you see guys running the ball like this big points in the game and converting it even with their quarterback, fucking tripping over his feet. That was crazy. Yeah. He got it done. He got done. Shout out to golf man. Done. Hell yeah. He found a way to hand that fucker off, man. Golly. More power to it, man. I'll get your feet out the way. O line's gotta do a job. Come on. Yeah. Also shout out to Dan Skipper. I love, I I love that Dan is just like, there's always these sound bites that Dan Campbell gives towards Skip.


Let's do it. You got, I told you you'd never forget this game. You'll never forget this game. We don't have to talk about how tough we are. We don't have to talk about how resilient we are. We live it man. We've been living it. Where's our defense at offense. That's a way to step up man. That's a way to step up. There you go. Skip, keep throwing up whatever you're doing up with freaking. How could you not love that guy? I mean, Jesus. Just a football, a football legend man. Hell yeah. Just exudes passion for his players for the sport. Freaking Dan's over there giving it everything he's got.


He's throwing up. Gosh, what? Boy, skip. What a great freaking. Yeah, they got a lot of great stuff going on. Green Bay's got a lot of great stuff going on too. They've been playing lights out and I mean that was a hell of a game to watch. Lions found a way to get it done against Green Bay, but they got a huge one next week against the Buffalo Bills who just had a huge loss to the Rams. Yes. Big loss. A lot of people are saying game of the Year, maybe. Dude, it was insane. I Think it was a a 42 44. Like that's, I mean that's a high powered, two high powered offenses going at it right there man. It was. It was. It was. What it was was high powered quarterback played. These guys were playing out of their mind.


Matthew Stafford and Josh Allen were going off. The Rams dominated the majority of the game. I kind of hesitate to say that, but they did. They were winning for the majority of the game. They're winning by more than one score. The majority of the game. Josh Allen at the second half was impressive. Yeah. To say the least. He was scrambling. He was making big throws, whether it was to M Hollins or what is it? Shaki. He was a man on a mission to come back and will the Buffalo bills to victory. And we just talked about the fourth down decision with Dan Campbell, the fourth down decision by McVey in the 40 in the Rams to go for it on fourth and five, which ultimately B led to a big play. A puka touchdown was act absolutely enormous.


Hell of a route by Atwell coming across the middle of the field hits Atwell. Then all of a sudden the Puka scores on a screen, the very next play Puka went off. He that catch on the sideline, the toe tapper. What the heck? This dude, that dude is so good, man. Yeah. Storming Mormon man. Rams are coming on now that they're all healthy. Cup is back, Pook is back. O lion is healthy. Matthew Stafford could still sling that ball. My God. D DeMarcus Robinson having a fucking hell of a year this year. Dero Band. Fuck. I love you. Go DeMarcus. Go DeMarcus. Are the Rams the NFC sleeper team or are they everybody? Nobody's sleeping on the Rams.


I think that people might've been sleeping a little bit when they were injured, but I think everybody now is definitely not sleeping. You know, Stafford and McVay have been proven to be very, very good. They can put up points with the best of them. Yeah. So yeah, these guys are, now that they're all healthy, now that everybody's back, you can tell they're getting dialed in. Again, it's gonna be interesting to see how the NFC West plays out, but the Rams are, are, are, are football and for some non-football news. How about that? Getting into some non-football news. Juan Soto just signed arguably the most ridiculous fucking contract I've ever heard in my life. Oh my God. Is that real?


Yes. I mean it's, we're like five to 10 years away from seeing a MLB player make or sign a like a billion dollar contract. 15 years. I remember when he was saying, who the hell gets a 15 year? That just seems like so outrageously long. How old is he? How old is Juan Soda? I think he's only 25. He's under contract with the New York Mets until he's, until he's 40. That's that's a big gamble. That just seems so outrageous. And it's all guaranteed, right? Well he guaranteed. Yeah. Baseball's guaranteed. So 41, he's 26 Right now. So he's, he's under contract until he is 41. How the fuck does this Good job? I mean, the baseball union, I don't know how this, they've finagled this stuff, but wow, they've been around for years and years and years.


They've been around for fucking NFL Gotta get this stuff together centuries. 15 years. That seems like a joke. It does. You know what I mean? Like that just doesn't even seem, I'm not sure, I'm not sure if the 15 years or the $765 million that comes with those 15 years, to me it's less than the 765 million. I mean, that's out outrageous number. But it's, you're expecting him to play as good as he's playing Right now until he's 41. That's what just blows my mind. I mean, I I, in 15 years, I guess the, the thought is in 15 years, or even just in 10 years, the salary cap is gonna be drastically different because inflation and how that works. But it just feels like, I mean, it's an outrageously long contract. It's mind blowing.


I my mind can't really wrap my head around it. Per pet McAfee, he's gonna make $5,902 an hour for the next 15 years. That's a pretty good salary. God damnit. It's pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. Congratulations Juan Soto. Yeah. And he was, I mean, I gotta see it live in action. That dude is a fucking beast. Yeah, he's, he's really, I mean there's a reason. I mean he's reason he just got paid seven $65 million over the next 15 years. Yeah. Pretty good. Damn. Is it, is it a vanilla contract though? How like what's it, who does it? There's gotta be all sorts of stuff in there. He deferred and who? He's like fucking 80.


There's gotta be all sorts of stuff in there. All right.


Once again, bull time. He's brought to you by Amazon Prime. Become a prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing. Whatever you're into, it's on prime.


Okay, let's get some voicemails Trav. Let's do it. Before we get outta here, we're gonna answer some not dumb questions that came to the Heights hotline.


No dumb questions. It's brought to you by Disney's Mo Fossa, THE LION KING. I love these kind of movies man. It's like that like CG I like live action. Yeah, I love that shit man. I'm so in on this. I don't know what it is about movies where fucking animals are talking, but I love them. Yeah. I don't care whether it's live action, whether it's cartoon, I just fucking love them.


Let's get to the first caller intern Brandon Cola. What's up boys? My name's Jason. And this is my question for hashtag no dumb questions. Now you guys have probably been asked this a thousand times, but what is the worst? And I mean the absolute worst place you could take a woman on a date like bottom of the barrel. Like there's no way in hell you're getting a second date If you take a girl there. All Right now boys take care. Nah, nah, I got a few coming to mind. Anything that she has no idea what's fucking going on? Yeah, I don't know man. What is the worst? I've, I've only thought of like good date ideas.


I've never thought of the worst date ideas. I mean I feel like a lot of the times it's really what you make of it and your attitude and stuff that really make Yeah, I feel like I can make anything. Shake. Maybe don't take her, don't take her to the strip club. I don't fucking know. That's a good one. Definitely don't take her to the strip club. Don't do that. Although some strip clubs do have really good Wings. I have heard. Yeah, me too. Don't know anything about it. I think I got something to go one time. Yeah. Strip club. Definitely don't take her to the strip club. That's definitely the worst answer. Don't take her strip club. Worst answer. If she's not into sports, don't take her to a fucking sports game. No. Take her to a sports game. If you're into it. I don't, there's it. Don't, nothing worse than trying to teach somebody about something that they don't want to be taught about.


Well, listen, if she doesn't have the open mind to freaking go, then you don't want to go on a second day with her. It's okay. Nice. I mean, I'll go listen, I, I don't wanna watch love actually, but I'm gonna watch it 'cause Kylie wants to watch it, so we're gonna watch love actually that's part of being an open-minded, considerate partner. That's a good point. So I guess what we're trying to say is there's no real worst date. It's just, you know, picking the right woman to go on the date with. Yeah. The worst first date location is to take her to someplace that you don't want to go. Like if you're the one activating it, like you're saying, we're going here, this is why we just had to find it out. Yeah, that's, we found it. Go someplace that you wanna go, that you think you'll be, you're excited to take her.


Yeah. I think that's it. You go there you go. Worst is the opposite of that. You got it, Jason. Alright. Not you. Not you. The other Jason. Next call. Next coa. Hey guys, I was listening to this week's episode on My Way to Work. I'm about to go into the office and I was just wondering why no one in the NFL plays does the annexation of Puerto Rico play from little giants? I hope you answer this 'cause I've wondered it for a long time. Thanks. Well, thank you for listening. First of all, appreciate you listening on the way into work. And I hope your day at work was that much better because you listened to us and because you asked about the annexation of Puerto Rico.


I'll let you know Right now that it is arguably the worst play that you could ever run in an actual football game. It worked so perfect because there were kids and it was a movie and there's no fucking way in hell I will take this back. I, I have seen it done in college games and I don't Think it ended up being a game winning touchdown, but it did get some yards. Can we, I don't remember what some the play is. Some of those one-off. It's where they snap it, snap it, it's a fumble roo put it, they put the ball on the ground. Act like it's a toss. Yep. And then somebody else picks it up, puts it like, I don't fuck the center, like sits on it. Like he's Yeah.


Doesn't see where it's at. Something like that. I gotta see if it's a legal play. It's one of those old, it is a legal play for sure. Okay. Maybe. I'm not sure if the, I don't not, I don't remember if the, the formation actually like Yeah, the initial like snap is changed. Its possession. 'cause it has to, it has to actually be possessed by the quarterback. Yeah. For it to count. Yep. As a legal snap. Yeah. Or to somebody. We've seen it happen a lot. Some of these trick plays like the annexation of Puerto Rico or like a reverse pass or a funky formation. Some of them are just, it's the NFL, like the people guys aren't getting fucking tricked.


I mean, guys get tricked all the time. Travis. I don't know man. That's like, you're a flaker. That's your entire career has been tricking people. Nope. Not like that. Not like that. Well I think Travis is onto something. It's probably not a play that's gonna work very well in the NFL. Fun to watch in a movie. What's a kid's name that designs it in Little Giants? No idea. Yeah. Four Eyes. I can't say why that thing. That's was wrong character. But that guy's awesome too. No, that's the same character. No, it's not. What do Yes it is. No it's not. He's the, he's like the coach essentially. Oh, the fumble, fumble, Ruki. All right, well I need to go back and watch Little Giants again.


What are these for? So the the guys at the morgue can identify our bodies. Bodies. No. What are, what are these for? Intimidation. So fucking good. We gotta remake little Giants, man.


All That's it for Nonu Questions. Brought to you by Disney's S MUFASA, THE LION KING in theaters everywhere. December 20th.


And that also wraps up this episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and follow the new Heights on the Wondery app or where we get your podcasts for Minor. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Thanks for tuning in once again. New Heights, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by GOOGLE TV. GOOGLE TV. No more endless browsing. GOOGLE TV makes it easy to find what you watch. Follow the Show on all social media for fun clips throughout the week that's at New Heights Show with one s. And thanks to our production, we're always making us look great, man. We appreciate you guys, at least. I think we, we look and sound great. I don't know, that might just be me. Who knows? And thanks to 92 Percenters for tuning in. We'll catch you guys next week. Appreciate you tuning in. Who? Oh, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


In a quiet suburb, a community is shattered by the death of beloved wife and mother. But this tragic loss of life quickly turns into something even darker. Her husband had tried to hire a hitman on the dark web to kill her, and she wasn't the only target because buried in the depths of the internet is the kill list. A cache of chilling documents, containing names, photos, addresses, and specific instructions for people's murders. This podcast is the true story of how I ended up in a race against time to warn those whose lives were in danger. And it turns out convincing a total stranger someone wants them dead is not easy. Follow kill list on the Wander app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Kill List and more Exhibit C, true crime shows like Morbid early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus, check out exhibit C in the Wondery App for all your true crime listening.