
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Newheights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's dog. Hey, You know what time it is? Dog time. It's time for fresh approach to dog food, and that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These Guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's Be honest, traditional pet food is super processed and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They Handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and bow. Your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and happy. The best part, they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus, they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. It's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/ newheights. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/ newheights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/ newheights.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, You know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey Don't even be started on their ever roasted chicken. The craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going to extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some BOAR head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy. Then mayonnaise, a healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with BOAR said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, Boar's Head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured, ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boar said Deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind every bite. BOAR head committed to craft since 1905.


Mom, did you not like any of our Travis Rai's girlfriends or my girlfriend now wife Jc, you really didn't bring a lot of ladies home. Yeah, no, we got it, mom. Okay.


Welcome back to New Heights. A Wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by ALL STATE. Yeah. About It with ALL STATE. Don't you forget it the best. Make sure you check first with Allstate. It's Good advice.


We're your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland. Right? Hey guys. Hi. Shout out to the cs. Shout out to the Cincinnati Bearcats. I haven't said that in a while. Love the Bearcats. What happened? I don't know. Just give a shout out. Just love giving, oh, advice Cats. Some shout outs, man. Shout out to everybody down there at Cincy. So subscribe on YouTube world, drew Plus wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We got another amazing episode for you guys. This Sunday is Mother's Day. So we've got an incredible guest with us. Yay. Donna Kelsey. That's right. Donna. Kelsey's joining us. We'll talk about what Mother's Day was like in the Kelsey Household.


Answer some of your parenting advice from voicemails and whatever else we talk about. I forget what we do, but it's pretty good. You're gonna wanna listen because Donna Kelsey never disappoints. Never. But first as always got a little bit of that new news. New news, New news. We asked you guys which baseball movie we should watch for our next New Heights Film Club. And the winner is, that's right. It's the sand line. We knew it. We knew that. Wow. A lot closer. When did a League of Their Own, league of Their Own must have came in late? 'cause initially it was like pretty, it was like tied Neck and Neck Major League in Sandlot and then Sandlot just some point took a commanding lead.


Yeah. When I saw the, the League of Their own was always in second. We will be reviewing the movie on an episode in the next few weeks. So you have any, If you have to follow along, watch the movie, you know, hear what we say. Offer your own opinion. Make sure you give it a watch. Do we think that there's anyone that listens to this show that hasn't seen The Sandlot? I sure hope not. Like if you're someone who is a full grown adult and you never watch Sandlot as a kid, that's pretty sad, Dude. It's one of my favorites and I actually haven't watched it in a, in a while. It is been a while. So I just know it's gonna hit perfect when I watch it this time. It's gonna be good. And I can't wait to look at it from a lens of judgment.


That's it for new news. Yeah. Let's go to our guest. Who could that be? Oh, well we already told you. Yep. Okay. It's Donna Kelsey. Alright, mama. Mom. Yes, mom. Is it weird at all that Travis still calls you? You mommy? It's kind of funny. I, I think it's hysterical. Thank you Jason. I Take it, it's funny. I take it as a, You know, I, I get a chuckle. Okay. All there go, because I know you're doing it to make me laugh. Of course. You know, you Think that it's all that mom, it's all that mommy needs to know. Okay. Is it, this is between us, Jason. It's what happens when you're the first born. Oh geez.


It's funny. You're the second born Travis. Love You both. You're so much like Ed. It's fucking disgusting Jason. I know. I'm like Ed. No, You have several redeeming qualities. Jason. Oh my gosh. Mom, don't go on dad like that. He doesn't need that. I Didn't say anything and he didn't. I didn't say he didn't, but I just said that. You just Said it was implied. Anyway. All right, mom, do you know what you brought here to do? Yeah. I think I've gotta tell some stories and explain what it was like raising you two. So I think that's kind of what I'm here for. Does that sound correct? I think we got some like no dumb questions. Maybe voicemails. Oh yeah.


All right. Well I was, if that's All, If you game for, Talk about how you guys both got lost all the time, but that Jason did it because he wasn't paying attention. Travis did it on purpose to escape. I was never lost mommy. I was always just right around the corner corner. You were escaping. You were escaping. You were lost to us. I Knew. I knew exactly where you guys were. I know. And I knew. I know, but we didn't know. I knew you guys were terrified. Yeah. You Were like, that's What, that's the excitement of it. Like Peter Pan's lost boys. Yeah. Different. You're doing It Peter. You're Really doing it. You're Doing it, Peter. Yep. Bangerang. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Bang. Well, just because I was gonna tell stories about the Superman chip clip.


Remember you had, you put, you used to put a towel. Both of you guys would put a towel around your shoulders. You put a chip clip right here. You had got your neck, I took you into daycare and you said that your father cut you with a knife. I almost got got taken down to the, Sounds like a Travis story was, yeah, That was definitely me for sure. Yep, Yep. And dad was out of the country. He was in Mexico, so he couldn't have done it. They were looking because dad never showed me enough attention. He only cared about Jason. Dad was in Mexico. 'cause he had just slit Travis's throat and he's like, I'm gonna get the fuck outta Dodge. The one thing I know we're gonna get to is we're gonna run back that question that we did in a bonus episode with Ed. What, what do you do if your child calls CPS on you?


Oh, nice. Well, that, well That's, that's happened with Travis. Yeah. Okay. Well yeah, this is gonna be great. Alright Guys, skip ahead. Just to Donna's intro right Here. I am looking for Donna's intro and I do not see it. Keep going, Keep going, keep going, keep going. Mother's episode. Got it. Alright. Joining us today is now a three time guest. That's, I think, here's the most, I think that might be more than Kai. You know it three Times. Guess so. She needs no introduction. That's right. 90 Percenters. Give a warm welcome to our mother, Donna. Kelsey. Mama. Donna. Mom, how's the off season been? What's you been up to?


You know, it's been kind of slow. I've been taking a little easy, but going on a few trips here and there, so that's kind of fun. We live vicariously through you. You travel more than anyone we know. Mommy's true. No, no, it's true. I think you guys beat me by a mile. But Bahamas, I've been, I've been to Dominican Republic, although that was, it was interesting. Then we went to, we were supposed to go to Haiti, but they had to redirect us because they were having some civil strife. So we ended up in St. Martin, St. Thomas. Civil Strife. St. Thomas. Yeah. They were, they, we couldn't get off the ship. We had to, we had to bail and go to St. Thomas. But I'm much rather be Sometimes just gotta, sometimes you just gotta get off the ship.


Yeah. Turn, Wait until the lights are out. We kept going. Like, who's on first? Where are we going? You know, which, what island are we at? We didn't know. So it was kind Of fun. Civil stripe sounds exciting. Civil stripe for me. What was going on there in Haiti? Jason, this is, this is irrelevant. Yeah. No, Jason, this isn't that show. Those Are, I think those are called malicious. Those are called malicious. No, these were actual, anyway, it doesn't matter. Well, mommy, we have some, some fun parenting advice voicemails for you that our 92 Percenters sent in. Yeah. And so much more. But Jason, I think we gotta get a, get to a little New news.


Oh no, this, no, I did this, I did this all wrong, wrong segment. Yep. Yeah. He is, he is. He's incorrect. Yeah, that was on, that was on me. I was a little higher up. Sorry about thaty this Impressive. How much better we've gotten at this show. I enjoy it. Yeah. I get to see you every week. Why don't we do this? Why don't we do this call, this New news. Yeah. All I knew I was right. You Were, I mean, sure. We'll call it that Travis. He crush it. Crush it. Travis, You look a little dark tra you have a tan. I know. No, it's just, I'm, I'm in my, he Was just in Haiti. M in my cubicle. I'm everywhere. Okay, Got it. I'm everywhere.


Mommy. Got it. Got it. Looks like you guys are having fun. Yeah. And we're about to have even more of a blast with you in this segment called No News. No News. Mom gives your new news. Nice. There it is. There it is. Alright. This weekend is Mother's Day. And is this a real holiday, Jason? Are we considering this one a real holiday or made of wine? Fuck yes. Whatcha talking about as a made of holiday shit. Just, you always gotta ask. You always gotta Ask that. No, this one's The holiday bearer over here. No, It's just, it's a recognized national holiday by pretty much every country in the world has their own version of Mother's Day. Because there's nobody more important in this world than mothers. Nobody would be here without one.


This is true. Well, we'll see how much longer. It's true. It probably isn't that too, like far down the road to they're having kids born outta some of these like synthetic wounds. You seen that Mom? What do you think of the synthetic wounds? Yeah. Well, would You ever do it? Stuff happens. Would You ever do it? Would I ever do it? No, probably not. No. No. How do you think you, there's gotta be something wrong with those people that come out of them, right? No, you're gonna have something wrong with them. No, No. I don't hope They've been doing it all has to do with, you know, your family's makeup and DNA and everything like that. So it is what it is. Yeah. No matter where you're born or how you're born, it's just gonna be a basis of your ancestry basically.


I Don't If you, sometimes if you're born next to a power plant, you can become a superhero. You can get superpowers. Yeah. OJ water. Yeah. Well, that might be true because we were born in North Ridgeville and there were a lot of corn fields, so there's a lot of pesticides going on there. Oh, nice. So maybe that's why you're mutant. Cool. Cool. Maybe that's why Jason's arms look like that. Good for him. Mom, what do what, what do moms really want on Mother's Day? Good Question. They wanna be with their children, which doesn't happen often, but when they're older. But yeah, that's basically, it is time. That's it. You like flowers always, always make you happy, right?


Yeah, Yeah. Basically, yeah. Flowers are nice and you know, and Pistachios. Yeah. New pistachios. Pachios. I do, I like macaroons or macarons, whatever they call them. French. Ooh, I Think you had, You like those, The little sandwiches. I know That. Oh yeah. Yes. Oh Yeah. I thought you, you were a big fan of like the little turtles. I love the chocolate turtles too. I love caramel and chocolate too. That's always good. Can't, can't never go wrong with chocolate that What do you Think it? But basically I think moms just want to be around their families. So sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. So it is what it is. All Right. Well there you go. Do you, do you have any, any fun trips coming up anytime soon, mommy?


I do. I'm headed to Mexico. Might try Yes. Going in July and maybe some other trips I'm not quite sure yet, but We'll, we will let you know later on. So yeah, Let me, let me know. It might just magically appear. I don't like to tell everybody where I'm going, but I do like to just pop up on people. Oh, cool. Nice. Keep keep me in the loop. Yep. It's not super warm yet, so nice. But as soon as May happens, it starts getting a little toasty down here, so I understand. Not wanting to come. So it's a little warm. Yeah. Might need to get you outta the toast and up to the, the fun parts of the spring and summer up in I would, I would like that Up north.


You know it. Where Are you going? To Mexico? Where I'm going with Shannon, her best friend, and I'm going with Lisa. So we're all, we're gonna do a oh, A Trip to a trip to, to Mexico. Go, go up where? I think it's Za and Tulum. We're gonna go visit the ruins. Oh gosh. Oh, Tulum gonna see some cess. I don't know. That's, that's a good question. But you should go and see Somes. I like when we got to go to Mexico with, when, when the chiefs played there because we got to s Mexico City. TOT Whan. So that was fun. That was a, what's that wonderful. What's that? It's, it's another place.


Pyramids. Pyramids of the Mayans. And it's massive. Oh, Jason, did you know that there were pyramids in Mexico too? One Of the largest I knew they were down there. Yeah, the Aztecs. Yeah. They had 'em down there, right? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Didn't know their names though. Tuan. Yeah. TO Tukan is one of the places. Nice that in fact, some of their pyramids are even bigger than the ones in Egypt. So we'll have to, it's kind of interesting. Wow. They don't teach us that. You Think aliens built them? Be honest, you're under oath. I don't know. You know, It's You. I just think it's too hard to make sure that everything fits so well.


They had either had to have technology that was, you know, passed down through the generations or somebody came and helped them. So who knows?


And that does it for new news. Some people just know you can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check if barbecue still works. First before inviting friends over to cook out, Like, you know, to check if you've got milk first before enjoying a big bowl of chocolate chip cookies. Like, you know, to check if you've got your headphones first before starting your workout. Like, You know, to check If you got your bike tires first before taking a mountain biking ride in New Mexico's mountain biking trails. Checking first is smart, so check ALL STATE first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands of ALL STATE savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. ALL STATE Fire and Kansas City Insurance Company, villages of Northbrook, Illinois,


thank you to our partner DraftKings basketball fans. It's crunch time. The NBA playoffs are heating up and every game is do or die. With the finals on the horizon, there's never been a better time to get in on the action. Right now you can play along with DraftKings Pick six. A fresh and exciting way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who play just $5 will score $50 in bonus picks to keep you locked in all postseason long. Getting started is simple. Okay, all you're gonna wanna do is download the DraftKings Pick six app. Now sign up with Code Newheights. It's as simple as that. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat. Like, hey, will they score 20 points or more or less, or have three or more or less assist lock them in and compete against others for a huge shot. Huge cast prizes download DraftKings. Pick six app now and sign up with Code Newheights only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real. Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened. And cases so baffling, they stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.


Jason, why, why don't we, why don't we give some parenting advice voicemails? Yeah. I mean, Brandon, can we, which one, should we pick some of these or should we just start rolling through 'em? What do you think? Wait, what are you asking? Was I supposed to answer? Oh shit. I mean, I said Brandon, my fault. My, do you wanna Roll through them? Hey Brandon, how you been? I've been good. Always, always happy to have you. All right. One through five. Lemme Talk to your mom for a second. Go ahead. Alright, first voicemail. Hi, my name is Stephanie. I am a mom of two boys and I was Stephanie just calling to see what words of encouragement would you give an 11-year-old and a 7-year-old boy to encourage them to try another sport.


Besides, my kids love contact sports. They love lacrosse, they love tackle football. They like to wrestle, they like to box Good social, good sports. We want them to try out to box baseball to try basketball, but they're kind of like tunnel vision with contact sports. They love it. They can't get enough of it. So what are some more, I like these guys a lot. I like these Guys are our kind of guys And 7-year-old boys to encourage them to try other sports. Great question. Mom, you wanna take that one? Great question. Yeah, mom, you got it. How'd you, you, how did you get us into all of them? You know, your dad was a big part of, of finding, you know, different teams and things like that.


But we always wanted you to just have a great time, have fun, keep busy when you're moving. You're not getting in any trouble. Whatever sport you like. If you like, you know, contact sports and do that. If you like sports that are, you know, playing badminton or whatever, do that. It's like you have to love what you're doing, otherwise you're not gonna wanna play. Mommy, growing up, what was your, what was the favorite, what was the one sport you loved watching us play the most though? Like, what was the most exciting one? Well, Obviously For you as a parent Watching. Yeah. Obviously the most exciting was team sports. You know, where hockey was a blast because it was constantly moving so you, you could watch Yeah.


Thing it, there was no stopping. It was, you know, jumping off over the, what do you call it, the boards. You just we're going all the time. So you were out there a lot. You always had to keep an eye on us too, in case we were gonna throw our p our our cups at you. Yeah, very true. But, but it, it was just, I, You know, I, I loved doing that because I paid attention to you and I got to watch you grow and blossom in hockey. But I also liked baseball because in baseball you would be up to bat maybe once, maybe twice. And you would catch the ball maybe once or twice, unless you were the pitcher or the catcher, which Jason was.


Right. So he was constantly out there 'cause he was catching and throwing, pitching. They only, they only put me on the mound when we hated the other team and they wanted to see me just strike fear into kids. Yeah. And, and throw the ball like this close to their nose. Yeah. But I enjoyed the parents at those sports, baseball. The parents were just awesome. And we laughed a Lot. Mom was always in the right. Yeah. Mom was always in the right field at, in the baseball games. Having, having a comedy hour with all the, the other mothers on the team. We Were always telling jokes and laughing. It was great. And then they're like, wait a minute, my son's up to bat. Yeah.


Mom, what do, what do you think is the key to getting kids to enjoy sports? What did you used to do to try and get us to have fun or get us into new activities? You were the ones that drove it. It wasn't us. Yes. You drove it. You said what you liked, what you wanted to do. If you wanted to be in a play, you were in a play. If you wanted to do swim cadets, you did swim cadets. If you, If you know, it's like we just went along for the ride. You guys drove everything. And that's the way it should be. Parents should stay out of it. They shouldn't push their kids into things they don't wanna do. They're gonna have a wonderful childhood. If they love what they do, they're gonna get good at it.


So that's as simple as that. You guys did a great job of introducing sports. Like, I remember Jason started playing football in, in middle school and I was, I was always two steps behind. So I was in fifth grade while he was in seventh grade. Yeah. And he was starting to play football. And I was like, man, I wanna play football. I remember dad took me down to Heights, tigers tryouts, and I saw how many kids were trying out for the football team at that age. And I was just overwhelmed with like, not knowing anybody and understanding like, you're, as a kid, you, you know, you kind of wanna play sports with your friends or people that you know and things like that. And you guys always found teams where we were, we knew the kids on the team And well definitely we would check out, you know, who the coaches were, what the parents, you know, what parents were there, who was involved.


You know, if there were a bunch of parents that were involved or there were a bunch of parents that weren't involved, you know, it's really important because as children grow up, they're not gonna tell you anything. They're gonna tell their friends stuff and they're going to, they're going to get to their friends' parents and talk to them. So I think you just want to surround your children with a huge group of individuals that are of like minds. So, yeah. I remember I was, I was in middle school and I was playing for a, for a new baseball team called CBA Cleveland Baseball Academy. Yeah. And the academy was very, they were very like, respectable in the baseball community in Cleveland.


And I thought that my talent was there, but it also said that I had to maintain a GPA of 3.0 to stay on the team. And I looked at my dad after the trials and I was like, dad, I think I could play on this team, but I don't know if I can, I don't know if I can keep up this whole 3.0 GPA. Yeah. Hey. And, and yeah. So I ended up just cheating the system because when you're good at sports, they want you on the team. Mom, what do, if there's, if, if there's a kid you had, let's say we had a third brother, No story. If we had a, a third brother. Oh my, If you have a third brother. Third brother named Dale. Yeah. And Dale didn't like sports.


Yeah. And he didn't wanna do anything but sit in the house all day. Would you just let Dale sit in the house all day and not pl play sports or do anything extracurricular? You know, I, I would try to find something that they like to do. You know, anything to get them out of the house. You know, whether it was, yeah. Maybe they wanted to be a long distance runner. Maybe they were just like, This kid wants to do nothing. He's got no motivation, no friends. Hypothetical. Oh wow. That's a rough one. Because you have to take a, you have to take a look at personalities too. I mean, you can't force somebody to do something. You have to find something they're gonna like, Why not? No, they got it. Your parents, Of course you can, you care.


You're a mom. You can force 'em to do whatever you want. All you can do is, is give them opportunity to find things that they like to do. So keep trying. You can leave them to water. Keep trying. You can lead them. They're, they're not just at the house doing anything, Jason. They're into something. You ha you, you just, it's, I important some, you know, for social, If it's, if it's video games, take 'em down to the arcades, see if, see if they got what it takes. It's Important socially, keep Everyone else in The city because that's how everything is run in this world is on teams. You, you, you know, it's like well, Right now. Yeah. Yeah. True. Wait, Wait till AI takes over. Yeah. I know. We're even gonna have surgeries. I think you can find, you know what your kid likes to do.


I think parents know what they like. Yeah. So we just have to direct them in that way. Try to get 'em help. Let's say they're a musician. Get 'em some music lessons, you know, just, ooh, you know, try to find out what their, what they really, really like. Passion is. Yeah. I mean that's the thing. It's feed, feed that feed that passion. Can we get to, let's get to, let's next question here. Huh? Let, Let's get to another question here. I feel like this would be a better question for Donna. Kelsey, thank for you as a mom of two boys, age four and one, what are some ways that I can cultivate their relationship so they grow up to be close brothers like Jason and Travis.


Oh Man. What do you got? My Two years apart is different than three years apart. It is, it is. Yeah. That's a rough one. I don't think you cultivate anything. I think the dynamic of the family is the dynamic of the family. You know? Yeah. I didn't try to force anything. I didn't try to steer it in any way. I think kids are born with certain characteristics. I think some parents take too much, you know, credit for their children's success and for their failures. It's, I don't, I It's all on You.


I it it's all on on you. If you got a shithead kid, it's on the parents. You got two hall of fame NFL playing kids. I don't Think It's all on the parents. Don't think so. No. You gotta have it both ways. Mom. You know what mom? I think it's on the older sibling. I think eventually you gotta, you gotta let the, you gotta let the older sibling know. I think that's what you and dad did a great job of. Nope. Is that you forced Jason to be my friend and by doing this, Jason would then just torture me. You would find fun ways to say we're playing together. Yeah. But in reality, like playing together with Jason was, Hey Travis, you want to go be the goalie outside so I could just rip slap shots at you in the driveway?


Like yeah, Of course I wanna play with you. Oh man, I do that. Our garage door was like pockmarked Family activities always wins. I truly believe that children, no matter who the parent is, if they want something bad enough, it's gonna happen. You, they just have to have a drive. Some kids are born with Dr that are driven. Some kids aren't. You know, all we gave you was opportunity. You guys ran in with it. We followed what you wanted, what you thought was good. Unless it was against the Laura, we, you know, we let you do pretty much, you know, whatever you thought would be fun. You guys helped motivate it as well by having good family values. Course me, I'm gonna disagree heavily with what my mother's saying Right now.


Alright. I think that If you want two brothers to love each other Yeah. As parents, you need to go above and beyond to make sure that both kids feel like they're getting loved and attention in the same amounts. Yes. And encourage the brothers when they celebrate each other. Yes. I think that, like for me, I think a lot of the siblings that I know that aren't close or the ones that feel like they have like fractured relationships, a lot of those feel like there's like a competitiveness to the relationship with their siblings. That quite frankly, Travis and I just have never felt. Yeah. And I think you and dad both did a great job. Yeah. Our entire lives of like taking me to Travis's games to watch him play, having Trav come to my games to watch me play.


Like there was a concerted effort by both of you to not only celebrate both of us, but to have each of us celebrate our brother. Right. Yeah. I, I think so. And I think that that's, I think that's the answer personally. And you have to. Okay, That's a good point. It's gonna be competitive naturally. Yeah. You wanna be competitive then you have to have dad tell the older one that, or mom tell the older one to lose sometimes to make the younger one feel better. Sometimes it's gotta happen. It's gonna have to bite your tongue. You know, This guy, No, that never happened. Can't fool me. I I just learned how to flank. You can't fool me. He got better because you wouldn't let him win. So That's what I tell myself. Travis is so much better than me.


'cause I beat the shit outta him all the time growing up. Alright. But then you also reveled in each other's wins. I mean, you were happy when Travis won, you know, you were there rooting them on. Still am. Yeah. You know, I it is, it was went both ways, you know, so For Sure. I so happy when I lost too. It was crazy. No, I mean, sometimes, sometimes when I, when I knew you needed it. Alright, here we go. Brandon, what's the next, That one was gold. And you have to have a good sense of humor too. What's the next one? What we got? Hi, Jason. Hi Travis. My name is Eileen. I am from Orlando, Florida. And hey, marrying advice.


Now, Jason, I know you have really small children, but hey, whatcha, whatcha trying to say? Gonna, and they'll be teenagers. So I've got a 17-year-old son who's a senior in high school. He's trying to make a college decision and he currently wants to change all of his plans to follow his girlfriend to where she's going to college. Ooh. Should I let him gimme your best advice on? Oh man, that happens a lot. I don't know if I should let him make a life changing decision to follow her, but should I also follow or stop young love? Lemme know what to think. I don't know. Should we let mom take this one first or do we take a stab at it? It first I wouldn't even know where to go with that. It's hard. That's A tough one.


I know several of my friends allowed their kid to go where their boyfriend was going. Vice versa. But Did it work out? Never. No. Not what? No, it was always, No, not Once, but, you know, sometime except, well, one of my friends got married right outta high school and they're still married, so you never know. Oh, Nice. There you go. Happens sometimes. Sometimes it's your, you know, the pers it's your person. Do they go to college though? Or do they say no, they never did. Yeah. See, see, that's, that's a, that's a sheltered individual getting married outta co school and just staying that way. What? It's not how it works, Jason. Kidding, kidding. Not everybody has to go to college. Yeah. College is a decision you have to make for yourself.


It is a selfish decision that, that you have to make for the future of whatever career or or lane that you want to take in life. And I know that that's, I mean, it's gotta be tough to, to have, you know, a loved one that might be doing something completely different. Yeah. Clearly Mom does not like this girl. Why is this mom doesn't like the girl? She's, Why isn't she wanting to go to where you're going to college? Like, is it, is there a trade off here? You know, there, I don't know. I think nobody should go to a school to follow somebody else other than how I went to Cincinnati to go there because of Jason. Oh yeah. I don't think anybody should go to college to follow somebody else.


I think they should go there for the values that they see are going to be best fitting for them. I think you're dealing I agree a thousand percent with Travis. And I think that that's what you have to say to the, to your son as well. Well, If you say like, I'm not letting you go to school, it's not gonna work out it, You don't say something. Don't say that. But yeah, here's the thing. If you, because at the end of the day, they, they, they Go ahead. Go ahead. You got mom, I'm not gonna interrupt you. I, I think that if you're going to do the same thing and go to a college and have the same friends around you, you're never gonna have any growth. Okay. You're never gonna be able to be on your own and try to figure things out on your own.


You're always gonna have somebody there besides you to help you through all those decisions. Right. But when you go to college, you're, you're totally, usually totally on your own and you do not have anyone there. You just kind of fail and then you win. You know what I mean? Sometimes, you know, you have little setbacks, there's adversity. You have to work through it. That's why I don't think it's a good idea for being at home when you're going to college or being close. I think people should go as far away as they possibly can, you know? So that's my viewpoint. I think that you grow more when you're away from people that are with you all the time.


I don't disagree with that, but I think you can't get into the idea that you're gonna force your kid to not go to college somewhere. I just think it's not gonna work. No, no. You gotta you gotta approach it from a, That's how you get Rummy and Juliet. Exactly. That's right. That's right. You gotta do what Trav said, which is basically just explain to them like, listen, you go to college to learn and get a degree. You don't go to college so you can be with other people. Like, that's not why you go to college. If you wanna do that, just don't go to college and go live wherever that person's like. That's not the reason you choose to go to a college. No. If, and I would say this to the person, if it's meant to be with you and this person, college will not be the thing that separates you two.


If co If you go into a different school, ends up breaking your relationship. That shit wasn't gonna last anyway, brother. Like it was gonna be over sooner or later. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's a hard one though, Mom. Did you not like any of our Travis era's girlfriends or my girlfriend now wife. Jason, you really didn't bring a lot of ladies home. Yeah, no, we got it, mom. Okay. You dated, but I didn't know any of 'em. So it's same thing with Trav. I, You know, I met one or two, but I didn't know anybody. I didn't have any girlfriends, didn. You guys were dating. I, I knew nothing of anybody that you guys were dating in college.


You told me zero, Zero. Yeah. What did you think of, okay, here we go. Let's just move on. Question. You were too busy. Did you have any time at all to date? I don't know. Who me? Yeah, I had plenty of time. I had absolutely zero game and I looked like an overweight mpa. Lupa. That's why I didn't have any girlfriends. You overweight? Well, I guess in high school I wasn't. No, No, No. I just sucked at talking to women for whatever reason. Well, You've changed, so that's good. I don't know if I did. You've always been the coolest kid.


Thank you to our partner Boris said, you Know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm not Gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey, Don't even get me started on their ever roasted chicken. The craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Oh, chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. All right, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going an extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some BOAR head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese. I mean, I guess par some chef fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce, put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy than mayonnaise. A healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with bor said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods. Boar's head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boar head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boar's Head committed to craft since 1905.


KINGSFORD. Thank you to our partner, KINGSFORD. That's right. Are you missing those game day vibes? Here's a hot take. Tailgating isn't just for football season, guys. I'm talking about bringing that legendary parking lot party energy too. Everything. Think about it. You know, you get kids soccer match dance recitals, you know, you get fire up and KINGSFORD charcoal at any of these events. That's a beautiful thing about charcoal. You take a, you take that grill in your car and you can just have a cookout wherever you want. Any place can be memorable, not just sports. Things like baseball practice. You can do this at, I mean, really any place. I mean, If you got the grill and the charcoal, I mean, unless you don't have right to be on that land, you can tailgate wherever you want. It's the beauty of It. That is the beauty of tailgating. It's the community it creates. It's about turning every day of every moment into celebrations. And let's be honest, nothing beats authentic wood-fired, flavored KINGSFORD original charcoal. Just Change a baby's diaper. Fire up the grill baby. We gotta celebrate time to celebrate this dirty diaper with some hot dogs and some hamburgers cooked on a good old fashioned American company Charcoal KINGSFORD. That's Right. So fire up that grill, gather your people and make any day a tailgate day. Because with KINGSFORD, the party never has to end.


Whole Foods started in the counterculture city of Austin, Texas, and it took pride in being anti-corporate and outside the mainstream. But like the city itself, whole Foods has morphed over the years for better and perhaps for worse, and is now a multi-billion dollar brand. In the latest season of business wars, we explore the meteoric rise of the Whole Foods brand on its surface. It's a story of how an idealistic founder made good on his dream of changing American food culture. But it's also a case study in the conflict between ambition and idealism. How lofty goals can wilt under the harsh light of financial realities and what gets lost on the way to the top. Follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can binge business wars, the Whole Foods rebellion early And ad free Right now on Wondery Plus,


We wanna run back a voicemail Ed weigh in on, and we're gonna play it for you. Yeah, I think I saw it. Should we call Ed? I was gonna say, you brought up Kel. You Gotta go to Ed Kelsey for this one. How handle this may, just so everyone knows, like he grew up in a different day and age guys for sure. All right. So a lot of the things that were Accepted, we have no idea what's gonna come outta his mouth. Hey, what's up dad? Yeah, Travis and I are on the podcast Right now. We want your advice. Okay. Somebody wants your advice. Not us, really. I kind of want your advice on this. We Both are interested in your hands. All right. What would Ed Kelsey's reaction to Travis out in public telling some strangers that you stole him?


What would my reaction be? Yeah. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. That's Number one. Alright. You know, get your little ass home and begging to be fucking stolen. Know that would never really happen. I feel really good about beating you guys. Yeah. Yeah. It never really happened, right? Yeah. You tell us what you would do in this situation. Oh man. Hello. So I'm a 22-year-old female and I have a 5-year-old daughter and she keeps going around telling people in Walmart or anywhere we go that I had told her.


And I am wondering how I can fix this because I am getting weird glances and I've had the police called on me multiple times. So I was wondering like how I could change my parenting style to fix this. Like it's, it's gotten too bad that I've gotten. CPS called on me. I've gotten a lot of, a lot of calls about it and I was just wondering how I could fix this. Hi mom. What do you think? Well, I think it's a huge attention getter for this kid, and he's loving the attention, whether it's a boy or a girl. So I don't know what to tell you there. It's, If you seek attention, you will get it at that age.


Yeah. Yeah. So the thing is, is to start paying attention at things you want him to do instead of things that you don't want him to do. Oh, that's great advice. Mommy. That's very good advice. Just Bring some munchkins with you. Yeah, just bring some munchkins. He won't want to fucking go anywhere. God, they're so good. Oh, that's good. Mom. Dad said it. It would've been me doing that. Can you please tell the world who it really would've been? It, it would've been you Because Don't you remember when you were, we talked because You never showed me attention. No, this you, You loved attention and so did Jason really too.


But don't you remember when you were like three years old, you were at, what do you call it? Preschool. Okay. Jason was already in, in school at this point. He was going to first grade or whatever, and you used to run around the house with this towel over you and these and this chip clip. Okay. And so the chip clip, you know, cut your neck right there. And So we went into preschool and you told everybody that. They asked you how'd that happen and you told everyone that it was your father and that he, he cut you with a knife. So I said, well, wait a minute, he's not home, he's at work and he's in Mexico Right now.


So they looked at me like, it's me, you're protecting me. And it was me that cut him with a knife. So I had a lot of explaining to do. No, you would never do that. Ed, ed would threaten me. He'd put the knife to my neck and then be like, do you want me to do? I'm just kidding. You would never. Yeah. Yeah. So I, you, you just love to embellish things and you love to tell stories. And that's the same thing with this kid. I like to see how things were playing out. I just kind of like to, You know, I like to manipulate things a little bit, see how the things are gonna play out. And then I realize I can't do that to my parents. So I stopped doing that. Yeah, that's the thing. It's like, I think when you saw me in the distress that I was in, that was the last time I ever did that. I like so that, that ended that.


But this obviously, this child does not care and they love the attention so much. So it's hard, you know, sometimes, You know, I, I don't know what to tell you with this one. It just sounds like he's having way too much fun, irritating the hell out of his mother. What do you think of hitting them Now? No. Uhuh mom. No. Don't you do mom like that? Mom? So you heard the, the, the voicemail back to the voicemail. Yes. What do you think Ed Kelsey would've said in this moment? If I was at the grocery store and I was telling everybody that he stole me, he would Say, fuck.


You know, like, like, Yeah, shut the fuck up. Knock it off. And he would say, I'll give you something to cry about. Very true. Very true. The other thing I would do, I would tell this mother, find out who called the police. Yeah. And sue that motherfucker. There You go. I love this. There you go. I would make life miserable for any asshole that went to an authority to say, this child says he's been stolen. Yeah. Okay. Well what, what If you gotta Take some shit serious. Yeah. You know, I, You know, I I I But child theft is not one of them. No. We thought that you would go Ed Kelsey reverse psychology on him.


Whenever we would threaten to call the police. You used to say, well here's the phone. Go ahead, call 'em. That's fine. So we thought maybe you, you you go like, yeah, I stole, I sold 'em right down the street. Just lean into it. I got the Motherfucker, I've stolen them, actually selling them. Do You wanna buy them? That's right. They're up for sale. Own. Alright, pop. All right. That was great. Thank you. I appreciate it. All right. Bye-bye. Love you. God. Dad's calling me back. You'll pop. Yeah. Yeah. The one thing that's bear that bears, you know, we didn't talk about in the, you know, as part of this whole discussion is Yeah. If that would've happened, yeah.


That would've been Travis. Travis is the one that would've tried to pull that off. And the other, and the other side of it was, you know, the fucking, I'm much more of price For sure looked at either one of you guys and looked at me and said, you know, this is, they're same fucking people. Yeah. Yeah. No, it, it would've been a hard sell. It would've been hard sell, but The only way that would've, Travis would've tried that Shit. I can see that for sure. Travis. I can see Travis. I agree. All righty. Well, well, you got it. I got, I mean, eating his munchkin All. Mommy, thank you for blessing us yet again. Happy Mother's Day, Of course. To the best mother in the world and Happy Mother's Day to all of the other 92 Percenters out there.


Yeah. Make sure you guys show some love to your mom. Absolutely. Mommy, If you can't see 'em, call 'em. For sure. They wanna hear from you. Love you. Love you, mom. Thank you so much. Sorry for torturing you. I love you so much, Jason. You got Mother's Day plans. You got it. You got it figured out. No, I don't. I'm happy that we're doing this episode 'cause I forgot all about it as usual. Jesus, you don't forget Beer Day. Yeah. You were all in on Beer Day. Mother's Day somehow missed the counter, didn't It? I did not forget. I did not remember Beer Day at all. When is Mother's Day The 11th? Yeah, I got plenty of time. You got plenty of time. Yeah. Plenty of time to go to CVS at the last minute. Get a nice card.


I got you two for one on Body Armor Waters. Yeah. For some reason all the presidents were taken. There were no more chocolate. So I went down the chocolate aisle. There were nothing. So weird. So weird. It's like there's some sort of chocolate finish. It's crazy. I bought this like a week ago. I definitely was on top of it. It must, it must, must have been those tariffs. They were out of Mother's Day cards. So I just got you a Father's Day card with crossed out father on all of them. Ah, Dude, that would actually be only to give to Kylie. It says Happy Father's Day, but my name is crossed out on it.


Happy Crossed out Mother's Day. I'm trying to think of like what a Father's Day card is. Do they even make Father's Day cards? Of course not. Kylie, I got you. I got you. These 8:00 AM golf bossy. Just free. I got you these Nikes that I tore the back on already. Hey, that wraps up another episode of Newheights Donna. Kelsey, you are the best mama. Love you mom. Love you Mommy. Make Sure you're subscribed on YouTube's Newheights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast.


You can listen to new episodes of newheights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. How about it Once again, newheights A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Allstate. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week thanks to our production and crew.


Thank you again to the 92 Percenters and happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in the world. Well, happy Mother's Day to call Your mom. Call your mom Happy Mother's Day to the good ones. You know who you are. Travis, what would you do if hypothetically I was gonna make you a cleat? Would you try it? No. I mean, what I, I would do it nice though. I would do a good job with it. No, I wouldn't do a shitty one. Can I? Would you just try it though? No.


Damn. Why? Because I don't think I'm gonna do that. You're gonna do what? I'm gonna make a cleat cobble you a shoe. I'm gonna cobble you a shoe. Well, what kind of shoe? Cleat? No, not a cleat. You can do a shoe or not a cleat. Why Not a cleat? Why not a cleat? Because I don't trust your cleats. I'm gonna do it in the utmost I'm gonna use it. The right techniques. No you're not. I'm gonna use the mold of the old cleats that used to like the guardians or whatever they were called. I got a pair of those. It's not, You told me whatever cleat you used to wear, I technically, I still wear it. No, not the, not the Jordan one, the other one.


It's the same cleat. The Jordan cleat. Yeah. It's not the same cleat. I'll talk about it a little, little later. AKA. No, I'm not doing it. Alright, you got flanks. You got flanks.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to newheights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Everyone has that friend who seems kind of perfect for Patty. That friend was Dee until one day I texted her and she was not getting the text. So I went to Instagram and she has no Instagram anymore and Facebook. No Facebook anymore. Dee was gone and there was one person who knew the answer. I am a spiritual person, a magical person, a witch, A gorgeous Brazilian influencer called Cat to but who was hiding a secret secret from Wondery based on my smash. Hit podcast from Brazil. Comes a new series, don't Cross Cat, about a search that led me to a mystery in a Texas suburb. I'm Calling to check on The two missing Brazilian girls. Maybe get some undercover crew there. The family Are freaking out. They are locked. I'm, you can listen to don't Cross Cat on the Wonder or wherever you get your podcasts.