
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Do you wear contacts out there? No. So you just out there with blurry ass vision, shoot. You dropping 71 with blurry Vision. So we Gotta give my guys some Lasik. Man. This Dude shooting threes while he's buffering. I can't.


Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls of Wonder Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by DRAFT KINGS. That's right. Hey, shout out to DRAFT KINGS.


We're your hosts. I'm Travis s my brother Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, representing the land baby. The 2 1 6 or four four oh, depending on where you're in the city. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcast and follow the show and all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Jason, let the people know what we got coming up. What do you got there? Little canteen? And, and So we Got a special episode, Trav, Of course we do. We Obviously from Cleveland and we got a pretty Cleveland episode coming up. That's what I'm talking about coming To you on a Friday. Hey, we shot up. I got this from an artist on Etsy. Pretty Cool. Oh, nice. You're a big Etsy guy. Well, I'm a big artist guy. I like supporting small telling People what that is, that don't know.


So this is Rick Vaught from the movie Major League. That is not Charlie Sheen. Well, listen, they did their best and it's close enough to me. I Think it's pretty cool. That's Wild thing right there though. But yeah, we're coming to you on a Friday with another guest episode. This time we're getting ready for the NBA playoffs with Cleveland's own Donovan Mitchell's. Let's go. That's right, baby. That's right. We're gonna get an NBA playoffs. It's time at Louisville with Lamar Jackson ranked some throwback jerseys. Oh man. And so much more. You're gonna love this episode. Hope everybody's getting geared up for the NBA playoffs outside of Philadelphia, because Philadelphia Sixers are not very good this year, unfortunately. But Cavs are, Oh, baby Cavs are good.


We had bet on recently the Knicks. The East is exciting, baby. I'm hoping Knicks find a way to meet each other in the playoffs, because I've been wanting to go to a Madison Square Garden game during the playoffs since I was a kid. And, and Well, are you gonna Remember to wear Cleveland stuff this time? Travis? What? Talking about the Yankees game? Yeah, yeah. No, I'll be, I'll be Cleveland threaded People From hearing out. Don't want shooting. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be rocking Cavs gear. And Right now I'm rocking guards gear as well as the MLB season gets, gets started as well. It's been a Cleveland Day, baby. You guys are gonna enjoy this one though, man. Donovan's the fucking superstar on the court.


A superstar human being off the court. And let's get to it. Our guest today is a first round picked from the University of Louisville. Ooh. Slam dunk contest Champion six time NBA all star and the starting shooting guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers. The number one Seed. Yes sir. Mr. Donovan Let you baby. Yes, sir. I appreciate y'all, man. Appreciate y'all. No, thank you for coming on. Big guy. How you liking Cleveland? Man? You just resigned out there, man. Is the city treating you Well, man? I love it, man. I, I tell people all the time this big, big part of why I came back, obviously basketball is, you know what it is. But you know, we live here too.


Y'all know when you live, you, you live there. So I I love it, man. The people are great. City's great. I love the cold too, so I'm not really tripping on that. There we go. There we go. That lake effect comes in. Exactly. Not everybody's ready for that lake effect. That's different's different, but it's different. But I'm not, I'm from New York, so it's not that bad. Yeah, You not, there we go. Well, I, as a, as a fellow Clevelander and a Cavs fan since I was a little kid, man, I appreciate you embracing the city, man. It's hard to keep, you know, the big superstars of, of the league and, and markets like Cleveland and, and in the Midwest and stuff like that. So I just appreciate you embracing everything and honestly taking us to new Heights and taking us to the next level, man, because this year you guys have been absolutely on fire, man.


And you coming back was a huge, huge part of that, brother. Yes sir. I appreciate you guys. I'm excited. I'm excited for the playoffs too. Yes, sir. I'm excited you, Sir. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. All righty. Let's start it off with some new news, Donna. I don't know If you know, but we start all of our shows off with new news. We do like to get a new news from our guests. So typically I'll say like, new And I then I'll come in like, new news. So can you give us your best new news with us? New news Sounded that sounded like a, like a steamboat. That was the Albert Know. Exactly. Exactly. That's, Hey, that's a team. You made it his own right there. That's Hey, he knows how to fit within. There we go.


Exactly. You guys know your role that, Alright. The NBA playoffs are starting today. Yes sir. Cavs are the one seed in the East. This is the first time the Cavs have earned the top Seed since their championship run in 20 15, 20 16. Shout out to that season. Trav and I were at one of those games, which was awesome. How do you feel about after 82 games? Man, I feel like, you know, we accomplished so much, you know what I mean? You, you, you, we had the first two years and things, you know, we continue to take a step each year and now, you know, you just look at the evolution of really everybody on the team. Yeah. You know, we got DG back to form ev and Moby's been all NBA phenomenal, unbelievable defensive player of the year. Ty Jerome, six man of the year.


We added Dre, who's also six man a year. King Sam Merrill's been great. Isaac's taking the step dean, Jared Allen played all 82 games. Unbelievable man. You get a, you get a big dude like that to play all 82. That shit is insane, man. That's just, especially Today's You gotta love it like Hard. Exactly, exactly. So like, for him, for, for us man, it's just like Max Drew actually, he started the season off injured coming back. Yeah. Coming back and being great for us to start a lineup. So it's great, man. Like you said, this is, it's really two seasons. You got the regular season and you got the postseason. So for what we did in the regular season, man, you know, a plus. You know, we, we did a lot of positive things, learned a lot about ourselves and now we get to translate all that, you know, to when it really gets going.


Heck Yeah, baby hell, when it all matters, man, we're all fucking pumped for it, dog. And I tell everybody all the time, man, NBA basketball is cool, but watching you guys play basketball together, you guys are on a completely different wavelength. You guys move the ball so fucking well. You guys get up and down the floor, you have so many different styles of basketball depending on If you guys got your starting five or those two six men of the year candidates that you guys got. So it's like, it's just so fun to watch you guys go to work. And then on top of that, when you guys have home games, I wish I'm on the floor every because you guys get the stadium fucking rocking man. You guys make sure that the, that the Cavs fans are in it, man. And I just love it, man. I can't wait to get back for a game in this playoffs, man.


Yes sir. Yes sir. And I, we, we appreciate that man. The the, the crowd man's fucking unreal, bro. Like, you know, like the game, I didn't play that game when y'all came. Yeah, I know. We gotta get back this year just So we can see my man. Get Out there. It is just different. The city is different. The fans were different. I was here during one of the finals games in 2017, maybe my first year I got drafted and it really don't, nothing beats it. You got the whiteout jersey or the blackout. Oh. Like he was like, you know, it's just, it's just different. Who's who's, What's the announcer? Cleveland Heights My Yeah, yeah, yeah. He'd been there killing before I got to the league. I was like, man, like when I got traded here, I was like, man, like I'm excited for that. Like, You know, I mean he gets a rocking.


He gets A rocking. He's, he's every year, every, every game. He's, he's always good. He's good with it for sure. Awesome. Crump's been doing it for a while, man. I actually played basketball with his little brother up at Heights man, at the in high school man. Yeah. Funny. It's funny. I was all tied in. But we're recording this a little early So we don't know exactly who the Cavs are playing yet. Do you like the playin format? You know what I mean? Because I feel like it's almost like half of the league gets a chance to make the playoffs now instead of like just the top eight teams in both conferences. I think it's good from a viewing standpoint, from like an intensity standpoint, from a, you know, every game, like you look at the last game, the Warriors Clippers, like all eyes were on that game.


Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, so I think from that standpoint it's phenomenal as a one and two Seed, not so much because we gotta wait till Friday to kind of figure out what we're doing. 'cause last year we were four So we knew all week who we were playing. We knew we were playing Orlando the year before that we knew we were playing New York. But from a one to two seat, I wish we knew all week. We know who we were playing. But sure, I think from a fan standpoint, it's definitely like, that was a high intensity game, man. That Warriors Clippers game. Heck yeah. It was doing what he does. Kawhi James, that guy is, you know, competing at a high level. So from a viewer standpoint it's awesome. So I think that's the cool part. But you know, selfishly speaking, I wish we knew all week for sure. How much does it change up based on the opponent that you're gonna end up seeing?


Like for us it's similar. You know, let's say somebody has the one Seed locked up and you're waiting to see who's gonna win that first playoff game. You end up preparing a lot of times for both teams and seeing kind of the different structures of both of them. 'cause you're trying to, you, you're trying to get a a ahead of that, but it changes up a lot in football. How much does it change up as somebody who, I don't know nothing about strategy for basketball to be honest with you. How much does it change up based on the opponent you're playing, what you guys are gonna do? Yeah, I think, I don't think you plan Right now. I think you kind of let the first game happen. I think you kind of narrowed down to two teams. So I think you don't let it go to four. Sure. This is my second time doing this.


The first time was in Utah. Yeah. When we were the one seat and we prepared for just two. I think we're doing something similar Right now. I think you kinda let tonight's game happen and then you are right. Cool. It's gonna get beat either Orlando or Atlanta. You narrow that down and wait till Wednesday that game happens. Then it's like, all right, I bet you know, you prepare for those two, those two teams and you can kind of just leave it at that. But it's kind of similar to what you're doing. But I don't think you prepare for all four. 'cause that's, that's shaky. Yeah, that's a lot. That can be crazy. The majority of our fan base is really football and all that. I know you were a multi-sport guy playing I believe baseball, right? You were baseball, basketball guy. Big time.


Heck yeah man. And you went to Louisville, the, the Mecca for, for baseball really the, the Louisville Slugger and everything. Did you, did you ever like think about playing baseball at Louisville? Yeah. I mean, not at Louisville. Coach Patino was enough, Man. I had pet, I had, I had Patino making a run in my, in my bracket this year, man, Too. I'm not gonna lie. I had, I had them winning the whole thing. To be honest. That kind of, that kind of hurt me. I Had him going all the Way I did, you know, but like I said, those patino practices dog, like you didn't wanna do shit else after that, You know? I mean, so I don't think I had much time to do that. Our team, you know, that year I was there, we got two guys I think made the league or three or three, you know, Corey Ray played for the Rays?


Yep. Yeah. Will Smith, who just won the World Series at for the Dodgers. He's a catcher. Wow. Brandon McKay, he was there as well. Starting pitcher. I forgot where he's at now. Maybe Detroit. Josh Rogers was on the Yankees. We got a lot of guys who were really talented when I was there. I'm definitely missing a bunch. Yeah. So I wasn't that level. I wasn't that good at that point. You know, I took two years off, but I definitely didn't wanna play basketball. That was not my man, not my joke, my route. When, when did it really set in that that was what you wanted to do? My 10th grade year, I broke my wrist and junior year I was like, you know what, I just miss playing basketball. Like just as a kid you're just like, you know, you just want a hoop.


Like, you know what I mean? And that's when I really started taking it seriously with my junior year of high school and that point on, you know, just Have back. Yeah. Well there's only one thing to do, you know, you gotta win three NBA championships in a row and then you just go start playing base baseball. Right. That's, That's how you do it Right there. What, what position did you play again? Pitcher and shortstop Picture. I was nice. Like I, I'm, I'm a humble person, but I was, Now we know, we know the deal. I Don't away. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna take away anything from the guys who, you know, play baseball 'cause it's the hardest shit to make the league anyway. Yeah, yeah. But I felt like my chances, you know, were You were, you were looking left and right and you were seeing the guys that you were playing with and you see them in the league and you're just like, yeah, I probably could've, yeah, if I Would've dedicated myself You, I would've, You know, I Think it would've had a shot for sure.


Anybody with a nickname Spider is gonna be a damn good shortstop. I know that. Alright, come on. Go. That's a hell of a way to play it. Yeah. The one thing I couldn't do is I couldn't play football. No, no. Come ONT man. I've seen that. Why not? You're one of the most athletic guys I've ever seen on everybody On the floor. Every time I got the body for it, I got all that. But like, I can't take a hit from shit. We'll keep it moving here. I was telling you, a lot of people listen to this that are football, you know, lovers. But in terms of the basketball storylines going into the NBA Right now, we got the, the Lakers trade for Luca. They got, you know, all these, all these crazy Ja Morant celebrations.


The, the Nuggets actually fired their coach right before the post-season started. And even the Houston Rockets absolutely do a 180 from last year to this year and are the two Seed in the west. And you know, quite lineer is, he's healthy for a playoff run. What are the, what are the craziest, like what does it feel like being in this crazy melting pot of like the NBA storylines and, and you guys being the number one seed in the East? Yeah, I mean, it means our league is in a good place. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, at the end of the day, this is a sport we, we know, like we play a sport for the sport, but it's also business too. Like, it's good for business. Like, You know, I mean, there's a lot going on. There's a lot of positive things going on in this league. A lot of talent in this league. You know what I mean?


So I think that's, that's something that, you know, we truly appreciate. We enjoy, you know, waking up to seeing Lucas straight is crazy. That was, that was wild. I mean, that's gotta be on the, on the team group chat right there. Do you See Mark Cuban's facial expression when Luca drops is like, oh, I like of the Season. I know, I know Mark. Sure man. I know he is, but it's just like, nobody's safe. Like, you know what I mean? No, nobody's safe. Y'all know it. And y'all and y'all sport like nobody's safe. And you know, it's, I'm speechless still to this day. Hear, You know, I hear we've been watching him go back, like, You know, I, I think we all are. Their GM can't even do interviews with microphones or cameras Right now.


He's, He just Feels like he's on such a hot seat that he has to do it a specific way. But who knows how that's gonna end up shaking out in the west. I know we got the best team in the east. I will say this though. You, you mentioned, you, we mentioned the trading going back and him dropping 45 on, on in, in Dallas. How was it for you playing back in Utah? Because you started there, you had such an awesome start to your career there when you came to Cleveland and went back there for the first time. How, how did that feel? Because me and Jason, we've only played on one team in the NFL. So I, I'm just curious, how did that feel going back into a place that you had called home?


I was excited for that game, to be honest. I think just because, you know, the only other return, like, you know, the, the, the, the goat of return games, I guess you wanna call it is bro coming back here, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, like, so like for me it was like, man, like this is gonna be fun. And at that time I didn't know if I was gonna get booed. I didn't know if I was gonna get cheered. Like it wasn't dead. Like Luca was like, we knew they were gonna come cheer. Like I didn't really knew. I didn't really know what was gonna happen. So I told my teammates like, look, I'm an unselfish guy. I know I, I like to pass the ball and whatnot, but there's one game I promise you I'm gonna shoot every time I touch back in Utah. I'm joking. No, it was fun. The, the reception was great, you know, and you just feel like you're playing at home for real because you, you're used to the rims, used to all that, you know, the background, you seeing familiar faces and the people are great around the organization and whatnot.


So it was, it was definitely one of those moments where it was great to go back and, and see everybody didn't know what to expect, but, you know, had a lot of fun for sure. Yeah. Hell yeah. That's awesome. What's up with the, the John Moran celebration? Is that the finger guns thing again? Oh, he took it up a little. He took it up a notch. I Gotta see it. What was, what's up a notch? It wasn't just like a pew p it wasn't like a little No, I Think it is. He done, he done, he done got the grenades now. No, I say this, the celebration is hard though. I'm not gonna lie. The celebration is hard. Like the whole, you know what I mean? The whole, all that I, I I, I Saw Dirk doing it in the suite and he was over here. He was, he's feeling it Like, to me, I'm like, God, that's, that's dope.


You got kids doing it now. But, You know, I mean, I don't know. I I it's a lot like, you know, it's, it's, it's been a whole, It's a lot. Yeah. It's Been a whole thing, man. Just, you know, my message leave guns alone. Kids, everybody leave guns alone. Yeah. Yeah. It's, You know, for the celebration, do what you do. You know, I mean, I Think in the, in the con like the, the, sorry not to go up, but in the, in the idea of like a basketball game, like shooting is more like I'm, I'm killing like I'm shooting the basketball, basketball shit. Like pistol Pete is one of the most iconic NBA players of all it name is a is a gun. Right, right, Right. It's, it's, it's context. Like, I mean it's pistol basketball, like, You know, I mean like nobody's Saying let's go play with guns outside. That's not what we're advocating for. I Feel you. Exactly. Alright. Right now that does it for new news.


We did our homework though, outside of the playoffs. We do want to ask you about an insane career milestone. You dropped 71 fucking points against the Bulls man. So crazy. What is that the most like in terms of high school, college? That, that's gotta be the most you've ever scored, right? For sure. Yeah. The most by, by fault. And You did it at the highest level. That is insane, man. What does it feel like? What does that feel like? I like, it didn't feel crazy until overtime. Like, because we were down 20, people don't understand. We were down 20 at halftime. I had what, 16 points at half time. I had 16 points at halftime. Like Timeout you had 71 and 16 at half.


It is crazy. Whoa. This is the Craziest, I was in a shooting slope about like a week and a half, two weeks before that. I mean like, couldn't make a shot. And it was one of those times where like, you know, like where you supposed to catch a ball and it's like, damn, you drop it. It's like you just going through one of the moments where it's just like, damn, it's not rolling. Like it, it's just not going well Right now. So like, that was the week and a half stretch. It was for me. I'm getting good looks not falling and I never forget. And I, I don't, I don't know if I even told Brad Dougherty this who's right over here somewhere. Right? There we go. You know, I told him, like, he told me he came like sat down. He was like, keep going, you know? And then he brought up mj. I'm not saying that's what got me going, but like it was very, he brought up MJ in the sense of like, just the way he competed or was comparing it to me in some, in some way shape or form.


And then after the game I was like, like holy shit. Like, you know what I mean? Like I had my little like, oh yeah, my MJ Moment. Like, you know what I mean? Hell Yeah. You were in the zone Throughout that process, throughout the game. It didn't feel crazy until I looked up and I saw like 68 or 69. I was like, this is fucking Nuts Know shit. That's what I'm doing Right now. Yeah. And At the free throw line and I'm like smiling and I'm looking up like my teammates like, don't miss the free throw. Like that was really when it really, really hit me, what I was doing. For real. You're breaking the internet, man. You had social media going nuts. Yeah. The closest thing I've ever felt to that was beer pong. You just locked in and I'm just draining them. I like, yeah. Next on the table ba you like slap the water off of it, the beer off of it and you're freaking rolling.


Somebody's walking in the door, you're bouncing it on 'em. Yeah, everything. It's just, everything's going in like, God, I'm the fucking man. That's gotta be insane on the NBA court team next Max, what's a good feeling on Ong? That's a real feeling. I've been there. Oh man. What would be the equivalent in the NFL to 71 points? I'm asking both of you guys that. What do you Think it would be? I mean, the rainy mo problem Would, It's gotta be the touchdown record. No, I would say the touchdown Russian, Russian yards in the game are touchdown. I think If you, If you get over like two 30 on the ground in a game, I feel like that's a, that's a milestone. Yeah. I think Randy had like three catches for over like 150 or like 200 yards or something like that.


Didn't he have that? And like, it was like three touchdowns, three catches for like 180 yards. It was something stupid like that. What about the touchdown record for quarterback? Like what if the like seven touchdowns? He Foles Nick Foles. I knew that Was snap the ball the whole game. He had Six in a game. We installed a brand new like set of passing plays with Chip Kelly's offense and the Raiders had no fucking idea what we were doing. Deshaun Jackson's running all over the place. It was unbelievable. It was so Fun. Yeah, I feel like that's definitely rushing, rushing yards for sure. What's the single game rushing record? I don't even know. I Think I saw Jamal Lewis break it as a Cleveland brown. Really? I thought Got it this Year. I think you Jamal Lewis. I Think it went for like three Sos Well it might have got broken since then, but Travis is right when Jamal was in Cleveland, I think he did set it on.


Or, or, or, or this is why we paid these guys. Adrian Peterson 2 96. No way. That's an, that is not it In one game. That's amazing. We Mentioned you went to Louisville at the same time as Lamar Jackson. You guys were like the football and basketball like icons at that point in, in college sports. How was it? Did you guys, did you always go to the football games when you could? I mean, seeing that man live in college was probably fucking unreal, Right? It was crazy. 'cause like, you watched the progression, you know, like he came in, he backed somebody up freshman year. Yeah, no, excuse me. He was third string, I think. Shout out to Reggie. He's at Louisville now.


Reggie Bonifant. He was there, he got hurt then the backup to him got hurt. Yeah. And then he played, got it through an interception. Didn't look like running around. Didn't really look, you know, like he had it all together trying to figure it out freshman year. Like, you know, trying to figure it out. Yeah. And then that next season, man, it was just like, I don't know what clicked, but you see it now in the field. Like he's, he's, he's a pro. He goes about it like, you know, he's proven his throwing, he's making his reads, you know, different things. He's win to run, win to pass. And I don't know If it was that year he won the Ivan or the year after you just watching like, what do you call like Showtime legacy? You just watching Showtime, you watch it, right. Florida stayed out by 40. It's crazy. Like, you know what I'm saying?


Jumping over people against Syracuse. But yeah, it was his, it was his school. Like, it wasn't like Louisville was a basketball town. Oh yeah. Right. But those years, it was like, it was him. Like, even though senior was there, we was doing, it was him. Like, it was, it was one of the craziest things I ever seen. Everybody was hyped. Every, every game, every game was lit like it was to see what he's doing now. I'm not shocked. Like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Just, you just saw it. And then we used to hoop too. That's why people don't know. We used to hoop. He could hoop a little. He's nice. Like he got balanced and he could really, he could really hoop. So we would a natural athlete. Man, it was crazy. We would have dunk contests and different things. And he was definitely one of the most athletic guys I've ever seen. What's He doing?


Dunk contests. He going in between the legs. 360. What's He actually windmills. Windmill. Okay. We had some guys on that team too. Who, who made the league? I don't know If you know John Grard, who was on the Texan? Yeah. Oh yeah, absolutely. Yeah. He was on that team. I'm missing names, but there was a bunch of guys. We had a talented team. We had a talented group. But yeah, he was obviously, you know, the lead for sure. He's another level man. I, I still even, I tell this story a lot. You know, we're, we're in a tag off period in a practice and he gives a juke move to a linebacker. Makes this dude fall down. Not even trying to tackle him, just trying to touch him. Like they're playing tag basically. And my man falling all over the place. Yeah. He's both sidelines.


Like, that's how you know when you're good good. You're at a joint practice. And both sidelines are like that motherfucker. He's, he's got got both teams going. Like, oh shit. Yeah, he's, he's different. I could, I've always wanted, I saw him play when he played out here. Cleveland fans did not like that. I was, Jersey didn't realize that that was a, they got respect, You know, personal connection. They gotta respect. They didn't realize that that was a big thing, but they, they, they got it. But he's watching him play live and obviously y'all play against him, But Yeah. You know, I was pissed when y'all beat him. Trav, I ain't gonna lie to you. Listen Man, that dudes, that dude is a stud man. It takes, it takes all 11 on the field to tackle that man. Try and stop that guy.


Yeah, he's there. Then every time we play him, it's always an instant classic. It's always literally he's done, he's doing something crazy every single game. We played him and we've gone back and forth, man. That was the, a CCC at that point, right? You guys were in the a ccc Yeah, We're still Still There. When we, when me and Jason were in college, Louisville was still in the Big East. So I, I wasn't, I wasn't sure If you Yeah, Yeah. Back in the day, back when the big East man, Madison Square garden Man, especially for basketball, man. It was never a football conference. But that basketball conference was so awesome. That basketball, like the Syracuse, y'all, Louisville, Georgetown. Did You ever go to the Big East attorney up in New York?


I've went to, I wanna say one time, maybe, maybe one time. But that was, that was really it. Who was Your team growing up? I was gonna say for college. Yeah. Once you, once you knew basketball was your Carolina. When I, when I was getting even before that, like Michael Jordan, Carolina, like, oh, Carolina, okay. I was, until I committed to Louisville. Yeah. I was waiting until I got an offer. I was putting schools to the side. I was like, no, if I get an offer from Carolina, I'm going. So I don't care if I sit, I don't care if I play, I don't care if I walk on, I'm going to Carolina. This is what I'm doing. And then I visited Louisville. I was like, well fuck all that. I'm, but no, that was Carolina was the school.


It's Funny, we had the same dream man, except for I only got a offer from the Mac in basketball. Shout out to the mack that maxing all day. Hey, Bog the SPI though. That's not that two, two sport athlete. There you go. You know, I, Well he, he could have played at Cincinnati If you wouldn't have got hurt, that was kind of in the right And Well, there was, I think there was a lot of stuff that was, that was, I don't know, needed to get ironed out for me to play on the basketball team. One was me going to class. I had to actually go to class if I wanted to play on a basketball team. Didn't West Virginia come in late too with Bob Huggins? Oh, there Was, oh, I listen, the hugs. Hugs came in. There was a chance for me to be on the team and then earn a scholarship, I think. Right. But that, that whole situation was weird because Hugs had just got there and all that is whatever.


But that's cool though, man. So do you never, you never got the call from Carolina? Never got the call. The only day. Oh, I know. They're kicking themselves. The coolest thing. The coolest thing that I, in, in college, we played at Carolina. We lost, I had one of my career highs at the moment at that time, and Roy Williams said, man, I made a mistake in the handshake line. That's respect. How about it? Me? I was like, you know what? That was probably at that time, that was the coolest thing to me. I didn't really care. I was like, all right. Like, I may not be there. I Like, I got the respect. That's awesome, Man. You got the respect. And he told me that. And I was like, all right. Like hell yeah. You know, especially for like, you know, you want to go somewhere. You hear that. That's, that's the ultimate, that's the ultimate respect. We were talking a little bit about Cleveland being upset with you for wearing the Le Lamar jersey.


We gotta talk a little bit about you attending The Decision in person might be. How About that? The, The most controversial, crazy like thing in Cleveland history? To be honest with you, No, not anymore. I remember when this happened. Not anymore, because he brought it back. It's all been forgiven. It's all been forgiven. But at the time it Was insane. Yeah. So I went to, I lived in New York. I went to school in Greenwich, Connecticut. And everyone, I was just like, yo, like LeBron's doing The Decision at the Boys and Girls Club. I'm like, here. Like, Right. Like, why, why is he like, you know what I mean? Yeah. Didn't believe it. And then this time I'm a, I'm a Knick fan, but like, bro, I love bro, but I'm a K Nick fan. Like, if I had to choose a team, I'm a K Nick fan.


Right, right. New New York was in the running for it. Right. So at that time, yeah, they were in the running. I'm like, mom, it was like one of those things, you know, you can drop up at the mall to hang out with friends. You can drop like, ma you gotta drop me off here. I'm doing. So we go, there is, I don't maybe be drag, maybe dramatic. When I say there's probably like a 2000 people outside, like, at this place. That's crazy. I believe, and I have no idea where he's coming in from. And I'll never forget, we see a car come down the hill. It's like a regular car, like a white Nissan. Like, he tried to blend in. So just drove Smart, smart In the back. I wasn't inside. People think I was inside. People try to point out that I was one of the kids.


I wasn't me. I wasn't inside. I was outside. And when he said I was probably the only person that wanted him to go to Miami to join. Interesting. In the crowd. In the crowd. I was like, probably the only person, everybody else's knick fence. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. So I'm like, all right. Like, I would, Dwayne Wade, Chris Bsch, I'm hyped. So once he decides it, it was like a riot. Like I tell you, the, the level, like it was not safe for any children to be outside throwing bottles. You are like, You're gonna do this in the New York Boys and Girls Club and say you're going down south. Right? Like, that was, I, I, I was in danger. Like, I was like, all right, I need to figure out how to get outta here.


'cause people were purely pissed off. Like, people were like trying to get to the, get to where he entered, entered from and all that. But I'm hyped. I'm screaming like Miami, like Yeah. You know, all those different things. But it was cool, man. It was, it was a cool experience. Full circle moment. I'm here now. Like, you know what I mean? Like, it's, it's, it's one of those life moments that it's just like, you can't script these things. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I hope Cleveland fans are okay with me saying, I want him to go to Miami. I did. I'm sorry. But, you know, it was, it's, it's one of those things, man. It's just really cool to really be here now and, you know, kind of do our own legacy in that regard as well. I think it's pretty dope. Oh yeah. And you're doing it, man. You know, Cleveland, I, at the time, it was crazy. I mean, it was another level of like, people mad and like hatred.


Yeah. But it, like Travis said, it's all been, you know, water under the bridge at this point. Right. He ended up coming back and ended up being awesome for LeBron's career. Like what ended up transpiring ended up being great for everybody involved. Correct. Cleveland still got their championship Except for the Knicks. The Nicks didn't get the That's right. The next definitely washed out big time.


Now a moment brought to you by American Express Trav, what's your restaurant Vibe? What's my restaurant vibe? I like, You know, I like a good steakhouse. I do. I like a steakhouse or like a, a Burger diner. I mean, I am in on Burger places. Yeah. Burger Diners. I'm about burgers. Well, no matter your vibe with Amex Platinum, you get access to Global Dining Access by Resi when you add your platinum card to your resi profile So you can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations open up. Ooh. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Thank you to our partner Allstate. Some People just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your gas tank before heading to your, your morning commute. Yeah. Like, you know, to check If you have your keys first before shutting your front door. Mm. Like, you know, to check if you've saved a big project first before closing your Laptop. Like, you know, to check If you packed your running shoes first before heading to the gym. I don't get you. Yeah. Checking First is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote. That can save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary though. Subject in terms, conditions and availability. Allstate, fire and casualty insurance companies and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


Let's talk a little bit of Cleveland baby. What was your, what was your first in impression of the land? Man? Did you know anything about Cleveland before coming to it? Not a damn thing, man. To be honest, I never left the hotel. But that's me in general. I don't leave the hotel. So all I saw from that Ritz was, what's the area where the building, the new parks facility now, All that saw. Oh, the water. Yeah. Right there on there. Yes. All that stuff. Not the water. It's where all the con, what is it? Tower City. Tower City, Right. Yeah. Yeah. This, Oh, you're just talking about the Yeah. Tower City and everything. I'll tell you what Tower City can, can, it could be a fucking scene. Exactly. So I like, that's all I saw. So I'm thinking, okay, that's, that's, that's what they got. And then they got the guardians and the browns and, you know, that's it.


Yeah. Then, man, when I got here, I, I moved to the west side and just being around like, the energy that is in this place for real, like the people, they're cool. They leave, they, they rock with you. They leave you alone. Like, they'll let you be, there's so much more here than I thought, to be honest. Like from the food standpoint, Playhouse Square is dope. I'm, I don't wanna give away all locations I'd be going to, but like the Beachwood Mall is probably fire. I'd be there a bunch. You gotta Beachwood shut up. Don't. It's on the east side right there. You coming over the east side. Alright. Yeah. Take the long drive. I take the long drive over there. Please don't come follow me over there on a random Tuesday. Put my hoodie up. Then I go to a lot of, I actually, I go to a lot of like, high school games.


Like, I like try to, you know, show love and community in that regard. I think it's, it's cool. But, You know, I don't really, You know, I don't be outside. I don't really do too much. I'm really just a homebody and, you know, so for me, this place is this perfect for me. You said Playhouse Square, you going up there seeing some ballets or some plays? Yeah, So now it was, I went to see Alicia Keyser's show in. Oh, nice, nice. That's in New York. So then I ended up, you know, we, we ended up doing something to get together again here in Cleveland. And then we have, we have team events there and whatnot. Yeah. And just seeing it all lit up at night. Is, is, is is pretty far. Oh, It's magical, man. The food scene is really good. I, I really enjoy eating downtown. I've got a few spots.


I got a shout out to my, my favorite spot. I can't eat their month because I gotta stay in shape. It's Zanzibar. Oh Yeah, Zanzibar. I gotta check this out. Right by the arena. Yeah, Right by. So It's over what, like what, what? Six? Or See now you, how you get I don't know the streets. Jason doesn't know either. Don't let, I don't, Don't let me fuck with you. I was at Cleveland Heights all growing up. I barely ever went Downtown. Yeah, exactly. Why do you think Cleveland gets a bad rap? I think because people only go downtown and they see, they see what I saw, which was not Tower City. I'm thinking of all the construction area. I don't know the mining, I don't know what it's called. I Know what you're talking about. I like the outside of it. Yeah. Right there. So they see that and they think that that's just represents the entire city of Cleveland, which is not the case.


And then it also is cold. And some people just don't like the cold. I like The cold. There we go. I Prefer it to be cold. You know what I mean? And I'm right there with you, man. I Think you hit the nail on the head. It's like, Cleveland isn't like a big downtown city. It's just not like a lot of the, a lot of what happens happens in like the outskirts. And unless you know where you're going, it's hard to kind of like, it doesn't have like that thriving area. Like a lot of other places do that like tourists. Like, but once you know people and like, you know, spots, like it's great people, it's very community driven. There's like a personal connection that the city has that I think is charming. It's just hard for tourists to feel that you pretty much are saying that exact same thing.


They make you feel, you feel the love too. That's my thing. Like you feel the genuine love. Like it's, especially from a, and then you feel it in the arena, but that's natural. Anywhere you play, you feel the energy in the arena. But when you leave you feel like, like you're one of them. Like, you know, you feel like, you know, you feel that. And I think that's something that is really underrated, especially in our, in our profession because, you know, we're professionals. Like, this is just business. Like you're not college. This isn't high school. Like, you know what I'm saying? But like, the love you feel from the community is top tier. You know what I mean? I think it's something that really drove me to state. I keep telling people that. And people didn't believe me until I resigned, man. I kept trying to tell everybody You up. Yeah. Because you just don't see that out of the, out of, out of all the superstars, man.


And, and as a Cleveland kid myself, man, thank you for coming back again, bro. Yes sir. The tourist de destinations though. Have you been to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? You know what's crazy? I've never been. I drive by. I've never been. You have more fun. Yeah. I'll tell you, it is fun to go to, man. It is, it is shocking. It's all the, all the, all the memorabilia they have in there, all the experiences. That's, it's pretty dope. That one's Good. The science museum's good. Oh, the science That was, that was one Was a nerd. I'm a nerd, so I love that type of shit. It's right next door. It's right next door. Is it right next door? Yeah, it's right next door. It's, it's in between the football stadium and the rock and roll. Oh. So that's that gray building that's like the got the little, okay. I know what you're talking about.


Okay. I didn't know that. Yeah, that's it is right there. I used to go there, used to sign up every year for that field trip, baby. Have you been to Cedar Point or I guess now it's Six Flags, Right? No, I gotta go. That's telling you really? I really want to do that. I really want do that. Cedar Point's the best in the world, man. I'm telling you. You gotta do it. I gotta, that's the one I really, I really gotta do. But also like, You like rollercoasters. No. What, what I gotta do? I, I'm afraid. I'm afraid I'm afraid. But I, I'll do it 'cause I really want to go and There you go. Everybody keeps talking about it. Everybody. But like, I, I'm afraid, I'm afraid Fly, let alone rollercoaster. Gotta get you, we get you a millennium force. I do Not go on Millennium Force.


We, he said, I'm afraid I can't wait to sit next to you on Millennium Force. We're going, I can't do it. I'm telling you, I, I'll go, I'll observe and I'll just go, you know, be supportive to my friends. I wanna go. I'll be chilling on the bench with the dip of dots. Exactly. That's exactly what I've been doing. Exactly. So when we were growing up, there were the Cleveland Rockets, there was A-W-N-B-A team in Cleveland. You said you would love to see the WNBA team return to Cleveland. Have you heard any updates about this? Any murmurs throughout the, the facilities or anything like that? Can you give us a little insight if we could actually get A-W-N-B-A team back in Cleveland? I won't give too much. I've heard, you know, different things, but I won't say what I've heard.


You know what I mean? Alright. No more than probably what you guys have heard, to be honest. Yeah. But You know, I think it'd be dope. You know what I mean? I, I love to watch the W in general. First of all, they're in a phenomenal place and they're only gonna continue to get bigger and bigger and better. I think Cleveland is the perfect place for it. Just like I said, everything I just said to you about the community, the vibe, the support, the love. Oh yeah. You know, I think this is, you know, a perfect place for it. And on top of that, the season's in the summer, I mean this is, yeah, this pitch in the summer, man is thrives elite. Like we need more teams in the league for sure. And you know, Cleveland's the perfect place. I'm with you on that. Alright. You wanna give us some blind rankings?


Blind rankings? Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do it man. Something we like to do on this show is something called Blind Rankings. We show you 10 things and we rank them one to 10 without knowing what's coming next. I'm sure you've played before. Do we want to do dunk contests or do we wanna do NBA throwback jerseys? I'll let you pick. We do the throwback jerseys. Throwback Jerseys. Alright. Let's do some throwback jerseys. We're Doing blind ranking. One to 10. Hit Us with the first one. Brandon. Oh I Orlando Magic from the Penny Hardaway and Shaquille O'Neal era. These jerseys are awesome Classics. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go classics 10. I'm gonna go 10 though I'm not gonna lie. You're Gonna go 10 The pinstripe. I do think there's gonna be a lot above this. I do agree.


That's why I'm gonna go 10 'cause I don't wanna put, yeah, I feel like this is 10. I'll ask you this. What do you think is better? The all black ones are like the Tracy McGrady blue. The ones with the little blue. Little blue is hard. The short still needs to go crazier than the top. I'm gonna say That. The stars, The the side. Yeah. The shorts go crazy in the Top. Alright, starting off with 10. Sorry. Shaq. Ooh, the Miami Heat Retro. That's clean. It's just a clean jersey. But see, here's the thing. The problem with some of these, It's still not one of my favorites. It's Not, I'm not gonna lie. The top, the bottoms are better than the top. That's that. You know what I mean? No, we're Doing the whole, it's a whole outfit. We're ranking. We're definitely rank the whole Outfit. I'm I'm gonna go nine. I'm gonna go nine. Man. We are, we are, We're we're hoping Right now than we did. So we Please we're going more throwback than I thought.


Maybe here. Okay, let's go. What do we got next? Brendan? Ooh. Yeah, Now we're talking to Me as top three. Easy man. I'm trying to think. Well what? Oh man. With the mountains in the background again. The shorts Are shorts. The shorts are elite. The shorts are elite. Utah Jazz from the nineties. And the thing is, if it's a nineties jersey, I'm probably gonna be biased towards that jersey for, for whatever reason, man. For sure. I just, well, Nineties have some good color schemes. And the only thing I don't like about this is that jazz has nothing to do with mountains. When I think of jazz, I don't think of mountains. I'm think of New Orleans or something like that. I don't think about. I Agree. I dunno. Have you ever listened to this to some jazz up in the Rockies?


I have not. I have not. There you go. But, but these are dope. I love this color scheme. Do you wanna throw it at three To, alright, Well's go 2, 2, 2. Alright, well let's go two. I'm with it. I'm with it. That's a solid two right there. These ones. Hey, these raptors. Oh my gosh, they're good. Fuck man. That's a good one, dog. Does it get better than that? This one might be one of my all time favorite hats. I'm hoping the Grizzlies jersey I'm thinking of is the one, hopefully Soon say. All right, So we want to go three with this one because these rap jerseys were fucking Three. I go three. Unbelievable man. Should be Three, should be two. I hear you should Do we wanna switch it? We, I guess we can't now The point Of the game, Jason. Dammit. Alright. Silly Sixers, Philadelphia, Sixers, Iversson era.


Na, I don't think it's even their, their best Jersey, but I don't think so either. I'm gonna go seven. Yeah, Go seven. I go seven. It's just the era. I'll go Seven. It's just 'cause it was ai. Yeah. Honestly it's really, 'cause he's wearing the jersey, to be honest. No doubt. It's just that number three with his name on the, anybody Else in that jersey is like, oh, that's one. The weak jersey fc. It's the same kid. Oh, a throwback Nets jersey right there. So is this, is this Dr. J? Which Nets is This? That's a great question. So now it's Obviously Brooklyn A. Is this A, B, a, A, B, A A, B, A. Okay. These are really cool. That's New Jersey still. Is that still Jersey? That's a good question. I wouldn't even know. That is Jersey. That is Jersey. There you go. Okay. Alright, I'm gonna go, we got 10, nine eights and I'm gonna go five.


I really like these. I like the red, white, and blue. So I'm gonna go five. There's Something nice about it being clean. The colors worked well. The design is, is unique. I, I like saying on top Of that is Dr. J Baby, Like I said, it's not the person who wearing it. You know what I mean? It's that Afro gives it at least two bumps up. You know what I mean? Alright. I Think it was aerodynamic man. This shit was crazy. Alright, we go, Ooh. And my dog Ron Harford the building Cavalier Back. I'm gonna go, the socks are crazy. Crazy socks into the, are those the Reebok pumps, Bro? Those socks? No, no, No. Those are nice. Those are nice. They look like the Jans are sizing socks.


Don't do my guy at Hartford like that. Man. The socks are crazy. I'm gonna go, I'm a, I don't know any other jersey besides the I'm gonna go four. I'm gonna go four here. There we go. Let's keep up there. Yeah, it's a good hometown. I actually think I have the Brad Dougherty version of this jersey. You Do? For sure. I don't even think these are the best ones to be honest. Oh No, the my favorite ones are like the Sean Kemp and, and Bobby Sur era. The black, The black and blue is is the best calfs jersey in my opinion. Did you think so the paint splash? I Like, I like the white the little with the little, the the, the Paint. The paint. Like swipe, like the paint brush like deal. Yeah. The splash jersey is what they call it, I believe. No, The, the, the, the main color is yellow or whatever.


Yellow or maroon. Oh, I didn't, I talking about Yeah, Like that on Side. So we, yeah, we're talking about a completely different jersey. Those are fire too. I'll tell you. I think those are the Austin car joints. Yeah, the acs. Yeah, the AC shot. The ac, they got it on right here up top. Yeah, they got it on. They got it on top. They got it on Tops of Classics. If you have notice, we got the Cleveland wall back. Oh yeah, Baby. Get some history right there, man. All Right, So we got calves at four. What are we going with next? Ooh, the Detroit Pistons. These ones are actually freaking sneaky. I forgot about Hill baby. I actually have this jersey myself. I I love this jersey, man. This thing is fired. I do too. The old school pistons that Should have been, sorry.


I'm sorry. That should been before. I'm sorry. I think everybody even tell you that regardless. Six. We'll go six. Yeah, we gotta go six. If It's a bad Memphis s still back on. It's not even Memphis isn't even be here, man. Fuck. Oh dude, you can't not put that jersey in here. Brandon don't. It's up, up Pu I don't think it's up to, Ooh, I forgot About these. Ah, the wolves. What numbers do we have left? Eight and one. It's not good. It is not good. It's gonna be way lower than it should be. These Timberwolves jerseys were sick. So we go eight. We gotta go eight in hopes that, come on man. Don't disappoint us Bro. It's gonna be like a Bulls jersey or something. Don't disappoint us.


So screwed. Yeah, it just cheap. This guy cheapness System again with the shorts though. The nineties shorts. That's what I was saying. A lot of these jerseys are hard, but the shorts be like, the shorts I still wear to this day. Like, you know what I mean? I go Mitchell and this and get the old school shorts. What is it About these jerseys that just like go like it makes it so awesome, like everybody loves this jersey. Is it the color? Is it the way the grizzlies is written out? Is it the bear? It's the out outline, the pattern, the outline it, The out outline of the jersey. The, the way grizzlies is typed. The Vancouver small got the grizzly, the big ass grizzly on the side of the, looks like it's Coming out. Yeah. 3D, shout out to Mike Biby.


Shout the Mike Bivy. There we go. We did it. That was a solid winner. I'm Not that mad about it. Not bad. Not bad. You know, move around a few of 'em. But overall we, we got it done. Alright, let's get to our last segment. Here's called, we gotta ask that is, we always end our segments with, we gotta ask, but you don't have to answer. So you can either answer or tell us to fuck off Donovan. We'll just roll through a few of these. Does a what does a basketball, oh, Jason, so it's a strong question. Yeah. This so silly. I didn't put it in here. Hey, do we all, we, we've been back and forth on this. Does a basketball hoop have one hole or two holes? One. Yeah.


That's a correct answer, right? Yeah, one. That's one. What about the net at the bottom? It goes in the top hole and out the bottom hole. I, I see what people are doing. I see what people are doing. That was just, what About a straw? What about a straw? Does a straw, have You fucked me up with that one? Now I'm sitting here like, nah 'cause it's one. It is One, yeah. Is one continuous hole. So does a straw have one hole or two holes? See this is, this is a debate one Again. You can tell it's the fuck off too. I'm the two guy. There you go. Say I'm A two guy two. There we go. I think it's two. I don't think it's one. I don't Think it's The hole my mouth goes on. And the hole that goes in the liquid. Exactly.


Yeah. I, I'm the two guy for sure. Slam dunk contest. What are your thoughts on it now? I think it's tough because a lot of the dunks that we see, we have social media, right? It's like you see it all right? And then on top of that, the best dunkers in the world aren't NBA players. It's The reality of it. They're Not. So they make their own videos, their own content that we see and we're like, oh shit, that's crazy. But then, you know, it's hard for us to replicate that 'cause they're professional dunkers. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like they're, it's What they do. Exactly. And I know a bunch of the guys who are professional dunkers and they try to teach guys, but people don't understand like, guys don't have time to work on these things.


Like for real. Like we, we, when I, when I won, I only had two weeks, you know what I mean? Like, you know what I mean? And then the last dunk that I did to win, I did, I hadn't made that dunk since high school. So I was 20 that it went in. Like, you know what I'm saying? So I think it's tough. I Think it gets a bad rap because people are like expecting something crazy. But it's like we, we live in a era now where you can see the craziest dunk by whoever, because I applaud guys like Jay Brown for trying continue to go out there and do their thing. I won't personally be out there again, to be honest with you. You won it. You did It undefeated. There you go. Go. There you go. There you go. I guess that's right. Like If you would've saw Jordan jump from the free throw line on social media before he did it, like it wouldn't have been as Exciting.


It wouldn't the same. Exactly. What And you are you also seeing like people you don't know. So to people they're like, oh these, if there, if so and so random person can do it, John Moran should definitely be able to do. It's like, or Zion Williamson should doesn't, You know, I mean it's just not, it's not not a fair. That's why I don't think guys do it. 'cause it's not necessarily a fair, a fair shake to be honest. There's guys that all they do is work on dunking and different ways to make that. And that's just not what everybody in the NBA has time for. So what, what's a way that they could, the NBA can I guess make the All-Star game and all this stuff. 'cause that's really the dunk contest was what everybody got ready for. I mean, growing up the day, you already know that's All anybody cared about. The all-star game was, was fun.


But people really wanted to watch the dunk contest. So what can the NBA do to make it exciting again to get the fans engaged? It's A tough question. I think that's tough. I feel like I, me, I'm a fan of Dunking. I've been a fan my whole high school career. So like maybe you get professional dunkers to come in and do some things that people haven't seen. Yeah, I don't know. Like we, we had a guy, you Can, you can elevate those individuals. Yeah, you elevate those. Like we had a guy come in during halftime one of our games and do it right. Like we, we, he was between the legs dunking it like this way, like behind like stuff that is just crazy but like, you know what I mean? But people haven't seen, I think, I don't know. I don't, especially for the dunk contest. I don't know. What do you think about What do, what do you think about slam ball? You get some trampolines in there.


Oh dude, somebody's gonna get hurt. You can't people do that. I don't even think the owners, the GMs, nobody. Nobody go for that One. What do you think about though, what the NHL did where they had like the Four Nations tournament this year instead of the Allstar game? I like That. I like That there's like, 'cause I dunno, everybody gets hyped up for USA basketball, right? So all of a sudden you got USA basketball, maybe even just verse the world. Maybe it's like all the foreign players combined on one team USA on another team and then there's like an actual competitive reason 'cause you're playing for your countries. That might be exciting right there. I think so. I think that the NHL had a really, I, I watched it. That was, that was really dope. Yeah. That what they did. I think that's something that could definitely, you know, elevated for sure.


We did that in the Rising Stars game my first two years. It was, I was about say, yeah, it was us a world, you know, like I said, it's, it's, it's tough man. It's, it's, there's so much that goes on throughout the, throughout the Sunday that like to get to the game is just like who we made it. Like we made it there. Like there's like, you know, you know how it goes. Like there's always, there's always different things you standing around so like, man, guys don't wanna get hurt. And then guys, some guys do, some guys get to work at it 'cause they're able to, some guys don't have appearance as long as others. So it's, it's so much. But I think If you do the USA versus world, it'll definitely bring up the intensity for sure. And You could even do it where like you could still do the slam dunk contest, but now it's not like, you know, Donovan Mitchell competing for himself in the slam dunk contest.


He's trying to get points for Team USA's overall. Total. Oh you're saying the whole weekend. Do The whole thing. You can like Contest. He's on his own wavelength Right now. I'm just, he's on his own wave Right Now. Just, I think that'd be fun. Like I don't slam dunk, but I wanna watch USA beat the rest of the world to slam dunk contest. I I'll ask you this though. Who, who is the one guy in the NBA that you would love to see in the dunk contest? Zach Levine. Ooh. Oh all. Yeah. You already know right away watching him. I mean he's the previous champion. I got like five Zach Levine, Zion. Ja Zion would be crazy Man. Derek J See That's the thing, I mean I want, I don't wanna say back in the day, it used to be different, but I mean those like the superstars of the league definitely were in the dunk contest.


Not to say that you're not, 'cause you still got Jalen Brown and you still got guys, you know, with very familiar and you know, contributing a lot. But it's like, I'm with you, I'm with you Seeing guys like that Anthony Edwards guys like that. Just go in there and do something crazy or just do a regular windmill. But jump th out the gym doing it. Have they Ever done horse at the Allstar game? That's what I wanna see. They did it during Covid. There we go. Remember we, there we go. During Covid they did that. You know what? I think this will never happen. Ever happen. But I think we should get guys to line up and try to dunk and guys to try to block the shot Slam ball one oh ones. Let's go. Oh, sorry, I'm talking about just Straight Up. Straight up. It'll never happen.


It'll never happen. I'm So into this. We gotta get it go. How do we get this One? I'm taking Jay Allen all day. I told Jay Allen dunk the fuck outta him. I'm wrong. See my language? Who, who bleeped that out for you? Yeah, I told, I told, I told Ja we had a discussion about this in the locker room actually. Yeah, it was me, f dg, Caris. We were all talking. It was before I dunked on Zenga the day before. They were like, you don't no more. And I'm like, look y'all, I promise you if I saw y'all down there I would dunk. And they were like, we gonna see. And then we saw against I dunked on Zynga and that's why you saw me look at the bench and go told you I like I Talking to both of them.


Yo. I told Next I really told, I make the jokes with ev all the time. I get defensive player, the ear, rah rah, all that. I would, I would dunk. I would dunk giant. How hard is it to dunk on somebody though when they know it's coming and they got like that much space? You, you're talking to a guy that's never dunked in his life, so you gotta real life. Well, Dunk the fe I've dunk dunked the female basketball before. On the What? On way, tip Way. Oh, I've got, I because I can pull the female basketball. I can't pull him the, the the, I didn't know you can get up that high. Forget the palm, but I didn't know you can. Oh no, no. I, I, Travis knows I get up high enough. I just don't have the form down. I cannot, I'm gonna, I'm gonna dunk. I'm gonna do this The way to do when you know a guy, like for me, like I always go at the guy's body 'cause I'm strong.


Sure. So if I can, if I can eliminate like you going like this Yeah. And take the body away, I'm fine once I get like up here. Yeah. So like with Ja and Ev, I would just try to go at them that, I mean it sounds really easy. Like I said it sounds, I'm making this sound very simple. I'm Sure it's easy for you But like, you know, but a lot of guys have tried to dunk both of them. A lot of guys have failed. I feel like I'd be one of the few successful people. We'll never see it. You know, I mean 'cause I'm not gonna try to practice but like, You know, I promise at some point maybe during training camp I'll try it. It's out Out there. It sounds electric. It sounds so electric. I wanna see this. Well we, we kind of got into this earlier, but let's, let's go ahead and hit it easier for A NFL player going to the NBA or NBA player going to the NFL.


It's obviously a been a huge debate on, well not obviously, but on this show For sure. On the Show for sure. Yeah. And I guess around the, the sports world guys crossing over, what do you think about the NNFL to N-B-A-N-B-A to NFL debate? I May get hated for this. I think it'd be easier to come over into y'all world at certain positions. Yeah. There's no question. At certain positions for sure. Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. Yes Sir. I don't think I could be a running back. What Position are you coming over Anything on defense? I think not the line. I think for sure I could not a corner. I take that back. Corner's Hard. Corner's real Hard. I got big feet and my feet don't move like that. So I'm not, I'm not reacting to shit. I'll tell you that.


You got safety, Safety, safety. I think I got Okay With time. I don't mean I could just walk on the court. Of course Nobody can Just go, You know, I mean with time Jay Tatum came through and he mentioned that as well. He said If you, If you would've gave him time, 'cause he was a high school football player, If you would've gave him time through high school and he dedicated that to that lifestyle, he thinks he could have done it. And it makes sense. So Who's, who's got the better chance? You who had the better chance you of playing in the NFL or Lamar Jackson of playing in the NBA having seen Lamar play basketball. Could he have played in the NBA If you would've dedicated all his talent to NB are Playing each other positions? Like, am I quarterback like No, just any, just making no, Just let's Say we're, we're back in high school and a young Donovan Mitchell says, I'm gonna focus on football and a young Lamar Jackson says I'm gonna focus on basketball.


Who has a better chance of making it into the NBA or NFL? I would say probably me making, Yeah, You hear that Lamar shots fired. I hope he sees that too. I saw, saw We Gotta get Lamar's take on this. We gotta get Lamar On. Definitely gotta, we definitely gotta, I saw him dunk. I didn't really get to see him hoop much. I okay. You know, I don't know, but I definitely feel like, you know, maybe a tight end, you know, maybe, You know, I mean come out, you know, grab it fall. Who's the guy that falls on Seattle every time he catches it? What's his name? Seattle. Every time he catches the ball. He, he, he, you talking About Tyler Lockett? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That be, He's he's avoiding some hits. Yeah. You some unnecessary hits.


I'll say. 'cause he is a tough guy, but he's like, yeah, if I'm not gonna smart, I don't need to take this hit. I'm, I'm not going to Out or you throw me an out route. I feel like I could, you know, nothing down the middle. Nothing over the middle, Don't you going down the middle Trav nothing. Come on man. That's where it is. You catch, You catch an hour Out. It's, that's when you Turn into a, it's a guaranteed intersection. Guaranteed interception. No, Not the guarantee. As soon as I hit you with the right here and get back that way middle, I'm not going for it. But tell, I'm sorry. And I only Outbreak routes only breaking routes. I respect the take. What's the hardest arena to play in? Because I can't see, well Dallas Timeout you can't See well.


Oh, like the depth perception is crazy in Dallas. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not Dallas is depth perception is not the best for me. So there's Not a, there's not a lot like behind the basket, basketball hoop or it's just a weird No, the way the light, it's just the way the light is set up in there. Like, oh wow. It's the only arena where I'm in there and it's like, it may go in today, it may not go in today. Like That's A crazy scenario. This is just like one of those things where it's just your eyes just play tricks on you. You ever thought About wearing Rex packs? Never. Yo Grant horses. The year I tried to wear contact, because You know I don't wear glasses i's Gonna say, do you work context out there? No. So you just out there with blurry ass vision Shoot trees, you're dropping 71 with blurry Vision. This guy's crazy man.


We gotta get my guys some Lasik. Man. Fuck this Dude shooting threes while he's buffering. I can. Oh gosh. That's incredible man. Nah, for real. That's, that's the one arena where I'm like my eye every time. It's like, it's like it plays tricks on me in that arena. I don't know what it is. I don't know If it's a certain light in Terms of atmosphere though. It's Tough. 'cause the tougher arenas I love to play in. So it's like, I don't really know If you want this here. Tough. You know what I mean? I Guess. Well let's re let's rephrase it. What's the most electric atmosphere arena? Outside of what? Outside of here? Yeah, both gardens. Both gardens. I Was about to say the garden. Oh yeah. Nice. Both of them. Boston. Boston, Madison Get it.


But I was thinking Boston just 'cause like you guys have had so much, so many big games against Boston, it feels like. I Love that crowd. That crowd is fun. I mean, I'm from New York, I'm from the east coast, so Boston and New York, the, the Knicks arena, both of them feel like my people are are there watching anyway. That's awesome. You know, I mean Thank you. But those are probably my two favorites. And I said here too, I said before I got here, I love even, when was it? 30, 30 wins, 20 wind seasons. Like just jumping, like, you know what I mean? And we, you're on the road, you're on the East Coast trip, you're like, ain't nobody finna be here. This is Sold out. Oh yes, they are Definitely, definitely wrong. So I definitely, you know, got a lot of respect for fan bases that show out through the down years as much as they do during the Oh, in Utah.


Sorry. Try to put Utah in there for sure, Man. I'm excited for Utah as a hockey team man because Utah, they're, they seem like a, a fan base that would go nuts for hockey. Nuts. Nuts. I just know they Just gotta figure that name out. Yeah, we gotta get outta they Got that. I ain't trying to hear this. Hockey club. Hockey Club. You know, they wanna do Yeti, but apparently the Yeti, Somebody bought all the trademarks. The Yeti coolers got the trademark. They won't let 'em use it. They might, but I think that there's like, they probably want to own it outright. I bet. I don't know somebody, wow, that was the rumor going out there. Why they weren't picking Yeti. And I'm like, bro, you gotta go with Yeti. Partner with Himi. Yeti's fine have Yeti Coolers for sale through the whole arena. In fact sell Ryan Smith. Ryan Smith.


He was, he was with me when I was in Utah. Let him know, hey, the Yetis, You, you gotta get 'em going. Those Arenas electric for for sure. What City should have an NBA team that doesn't Louisville, Kentucky, man. What College? Louisville, Kentucky Way You think they're packing out? Everybody's gonna say, everybody's gonna say Vegas and they're gonna say Seattle. No, Louisville, Kentucky, Vegas and Seattle will get 13. That's the, I take, I I I've never heard of Louisville. They Got the arena for it too. And there's no professional sport team there. So it's just the perfect, perfect place. I'll Buy it. I'm making a lot of sense Right now. Spit A lot of facts. You're gonna get some support in Louisville. It worked for OKC. That's for damn sure. LeBron James has said Gianni would score over 200 points in the 1970s.


That's fucking Hilarious. 200 points. That's great. How many points are you scoring in the seventies? We get a little hot tub time machine a actually you're back in time. It is hard to compare eras, But yeah, it Is, it is extremely hard. It's hard. It's hard. But I'm, I'm always gonna give myself the benefit of that. I'm gonna say 30. Nice. I'm gonna say 30, 40, 50. You gonna, You If you get aver with scoring. I think scoring. Yeah. Like you Scoring in a game Like you put up 70. If you put up 71 in this era, what do you, what's your 71 in the seventies? Did they have the three point line in the seventies? I'm genuinely asking this. I'm not trying to, That that's a great question that I do not know. I I, I wanna say they did.


I don't think They did. They, they're saying, they're saying they, they did 88, 19 70, 19 79 they're saying is When it started. So this is no three point line. So no three point line all tools. Oh that's nasty. All tools. That's nasty. I like That. I give myself, you know, 40, 50, You gotta think in the seventies as well. There's not a, I mean the rem protectors around, you know we're, that's what I'm Saying, it's like 6 8, 6 9 maybe. Yeah, I mean maybe the eighties they started hitting you, but like you keep going in there time after time they knocking you out the air, you know what I mean? So that's, yeah, they're little bit More physical, A little bit more Physical. The floats come in, the jumpers coming. You are not just attacking the rim the entire game. Yeah. You know what I mean? Try to preserve your body. So I go about 50 50 for sure I think.


Alright, That's a very realistic answer. We got one more for you. Pick your, pick your all time starting five. Am I on the team or no? Yeah, You can pick yourself on there. Go Ahead. I will say typically when we do these people do not pick themselves what, unless your name is Travis Kelce. Travis mean always picks himself as one of the top 10 ends of all time. But I mean, I'm just trying to manifest it, Jason, He has the, he has the, the stats to prove for sure. You Know, I mean it's definitely legitimate. I'm still working my way, You know, I mean I'm still trying to, still trying to get wondering let three, You know, I'm Saying oh yeah, we gonna get it this year though baby. Let's go. Exactly. I won't put myself in here, Steph at the one, Kobe, the two mj, the three run at the four.


I'm seeing no misses so far At all. My five man, I'm, I'm playing in 20, 25 basketball, so I'm not really going to tradition. I'm going small ball Katy at the five. I mean that's a hell of a starting five I think. I think that five takes, anybody's starting five, They're running, they're running the floor. No Matter if you're Playing, Hey, running, running the floor, case in space, running floor. That's It. I respect her. Well Spiderman, we appreciate you jumping on man. We won't take any more of your time. Thank you very much everybody. Mitchell, good luck in the playoffs, big dog. Thanks for always representing Cleveland man and let's go get us one man Catch. Yes sir. Sir, I appreciate y'all boys. Thank you.


Appreciate y'all. Alright, that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you Sir Donovan Mitchell. Yes sir, for Joining us.


Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by DRAFT KINGS. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week guys, and thanks to our production and crew, thank you to the 92 Percenters and thank you Donovan for coming through Spider. Bring us home, another championship baby. Go Cals. Hell Yeah. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real. Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries, and each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling, they stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.