
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Today, Audible's best 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top Audio books podcast in originals in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. Audibles curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2024 is best in audio entertainment Like the year's best fiction, such as Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange, or The Woman by Kristen Hannah. Or If you're into Mysteries and thrillers, check out First Lie Wins by Ashley Elston. Or we Play Games by Sarah, a Denzel Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/new Heights. That's Right. That's audible.com/new Heights


monopoly Go gives players a new way to experience the emotional and competitive rollercoaster of the legendary game. Make friends play together with friends and family and watch your empire expand along with your fortune. In monopoly. Go friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together. The next you're destroying their landmarks with a wrecking ball, your best friends, then your bid rivals, then your best friends. Again, that's how the game Goes. But no matter how fickle the relationship is, one thing never changes in monopoly. Go. Your friends are your most valuable assets. So join your friends and download Monopoly. Go today. Free on the App store or Google Play.


Oh man. Starting to get a little chilly out here, Jason. Starting to get a little nippy. You can see it. It's my kind of it's Nature. Your thermostats. Big Nature's thermometer. Little nippy Telling you that. Put that sweatshirt on. Oh, It's been on. It's been on since the summer. Can't take this thing off. It'll be like 40-year-old Virgin. I'll have like fucking scabs and like blood everywhere in my chest. Oh, okay. What? Hey, Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by NF


NFL. SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. How about it. Ha ha. All Right. now You can still get NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET for the rest of the NFL regular season for just $89. How about man? Man under a hundred dollars for the rest of the season. Offer ends December second. So you might wanna get on that quick. Terms and embargoes apply.


Ladies and gentlemen We are your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey and happy early Thanksgiving. How about that? How about that? Get you some Turkey, Get you some ham, get you some. Mama Kelsey Rolls. Goddamn. What the fuck? I cannot wait. Cincinnati Bearcat alums, as you can see by the brim. Jason, is that a woody shirt? Man? We're repping the fucking Natty all day Today, man. Uncle Woody, baby NA's. Gotta get back on the wind drain though 'cause they got, it's gonna happen by Kansas State. Shout out to Manhattan, Kansas. Subscribe on YouTube and Wondery Plus wherever you get your podcast. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason. let the people know what we got coming up.


We got a fantastic episode ready for you guys. Right. now we're gonna talk about the Chiefs getting back in the wind column against the Panthers, Saquon Barkley and the Eagles running wild in LA, as well as everything else from a chaotic week 12 in the NFL. And we're finally gonna be reviewing Roadhouse. That's right. Roadhouse is gonna get reviewed officially on New Heights. Ah, dude. Swayze man. Dude, We're gonna get to it. SI mean, I don't know what's more chiseled. His jaw or his butt cheeks. Dude. Dead mane that he has. Holy shit. Alright. But first as always, new news. New news.


New news Is brought to you by AMAZON PRIME. Hey Amazon. It's holiday magic Late night show announcement on Jimmy Kimel Alive that last week.


That's right. We found out that Jason will host, they call it late night do with Jason Jason Kelsey on ESP N. They do call him late night. How about that? Speaking of ES, ESPN baby, jumping right into it, Jason, man, how I, what is this? Where does this inspiration come from? Well, I was trying to figure out what to do now that I'm retired and I thought it'd be fun. So honestly the way I thought about it is I thought it'd be fun to have live music and to do something in front of a like live setting of people. Okay. And I was like, what has that? I was like, oh yeah, late nut shows have that. Because when I think of the NFL, I think of like those old iconic NFL songs that like just make you feel like you're in the middle of football.


Right. And I thought it'd be cool to have a band play some of that music. Celebrate the game. Hell yeah. Yeah. You know the one thing everybody says you miss when you get tired or when you get, when you retire, I guess you are kind of tired. Yeah. The one thing everybody says you miss when you retire is being around the guys. And I mean, it could not be more true. Like you miss the locker room so much, you miss being around coaches. I miss just hearing coaches Miss those lectures. And I think this is a fun way to be like, hey, once a week for for five weeks we're gonna do five episodes of this show and we're gonna have a panel. We're gonna have a bunch of former players, head coaches, maybe a current player. The season will be over at that point for some guys who pick, pick me, pick me.


I mean, Trav, you are more than welcome to come on the Show. Yes, we would love to have you. I know you're a busy guy. I know you're a busy guy, but I think, I think it's gonna be a lot of fun. It's gonna be filmed in Philly. The title they call it Late Night is an ode to John Facenda in the first NFL films recording ever where he said they call it pro football. So yeah, he's pretty cool. All Right now would gonna make it make sense. What was your favorite late night like show or even host growing up? Growing up it was Conan. We used to go to Nolan Plunketts house Grow and like If, you're a Conan guy. I've never known This. I've always loved Conan dude Con. So dude, I mean, I'm like So good I like any of those late night shows, to be honest with you, Me and me and Zach always joke around like, Hey bro, you fuck with Conan?


He's so good man. So it's always, yeah, he's, dude, we Used to, we used to be at the Plunketts at like a sleepover or something like that 'cause we all had like hockey practice in the morning or some tournament and we would be up as kids like watching Conan on like the little TV up in the attic. Dude, I remember this. Yeah. So anyways, I don't know why we, That's shout out to the Plunketts man. I love shout out. Shout out to the definitely Man. Yeah, so I love Conan growing up. I mean, I got to see Jimmy Kimmel this past week and Dude the best. I thought it was absurd. It was. It was hilarious. Yeah. Jimmy was the man offered tons of advice, Follow Him around all day. So to be able to go on his show and promote my show that's coming out.


But also you just go there and talk to him, you know, get all the ins and outs of like how to run a late night show, how to, you know, how you talk into the camera, how what, how you choose topics, you know, how you prepare. Like it was, it was honestly a very, very beneficial trip to take. I believe it, man. Got the, got the pleasure of meeting Jimmy over the summer. Man. What a guy. Great dude. And you could tell he is, he's one of the best in the business for a reason, man. No doubt. And with that, the other piece of new news is Jumanji works. I told you guys it works. I said Put it on 98% of the time. Works every Time.


Who would've thought Jumanji works as good as like Marvin Gaye? Man, fuck. Hey listen. Works better than Marvin Gaye. Yeah, we have our fourth child on the way. It is another girl. Yay. I am very good at producing little girls and we are very excited. Kylie Kelsey posted this. I feel like we captured a very accurate representation of how each of the girls feel about getting another sister. At least Ellie mom and dad are on the same page. Yep. I think that's a pretty accurate representation. Nice. Ellie is happy. She's no longer the middle child. Wyatt is like, this is too much. And Benny is not no longer the baby.


In a few, we in a few months. So, nice But. yeah, no, we're pumped. This is awesome man. This is Awesome. Obviously super excited. I just love my daughters so much. The fact that we're gonna be getting another one is beyond exciting. Nice. I think, you know, we'll see. This might be, it might, might be, might be the last hurrah. Yeah, I think, I think four Beautiful little girls is is very magical man. A Good number. Yeah. I's awesome. Man. Before we start, you can always go for the starting five though. you can always go for the starting five and just, you know, just feel before we started having, you can go for just feel them in field. You know, Before we started having them, we, I always said three and Kylie said five, but I don't know if she's feeling that anymore.


I think she's like, okay, I've had my, I'm, I'm Done. It's a lot of work. I can only imagine. I mean Really, Especially back to back to back like that. It Is, it is grueling for me. I I have to do a lot of work. You're ridiculous. The fuck outta here. I'll let you do this to Kylie like that. You know nothing Jason. No Kai's killing it. No, she is, she always is. And excited to be a new little, Little, little Baby niece. It would be beautiful, man. I want This baby to come out happy and healthy. Just like That's, that's all you can ever Ask for. Mean, that's, that's all you can ask for. Very, very excited about welcoming another child to our already chaotic household.


Nice. More chaos is what I'm here for. Benny is so cute. Right. now the fact that there's gonna be another little bitty, She looks absolutely adorable in this picture. I love it. She's, it's, yeah, you'll see she's at a good stage Right now. I love that man. You, you can actually hear more about the Kelsey family on Kylie's new podcast. That's right Kai killing it. Since she's tired of not being able to voice things herself Well now she has the outlet shout out to wave for teaming up with her and, and giving her not gonna lie, which I heard might change depending on how things go. And excited to hear it talk about motherhood and just whatever the fuck is going on over there in the Kelsey household, it'll be good.


I love it man. People have been dying to get more of Kelsey's opinion so they're gonna get it. You ask for it, you're gonna get It. I love it man.


And that Does it for new news brought to you by AMAZON PRIME. That's right. Become a prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you are pursuing. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Oh yeah it is.


Alright, Right. now let's move on to some football. How about that? Alrighty, let's get in some bold topics to wrap up. Week 13 in the NFL Man, it's already week 13. How crazy is that? Dude, we Here, here You here. It's week 12. Bold topics to wrap up. Week 12 in the NFL. Wow. All right, let's get to probably the one that we gotta talk about the most, which is Chiefs Recap. That's right. Chiefs 30 Panthers, 27 Trav Initial thoughts. Yeah, that was a pretty good Panthers team man. They, they've Been playing a lot Better. Their offense. Yeah. Offense, Offense. Shout out to Bryce Young. Bryce Youngs. What a great story. You love to see it, man. Yeah, you love to see it.


Obviously don't love to see it when it happens when you're playing. Fair enough. But still love to see it, man. He's pretty, I heard a lot of great things about him. Yeah. And just being a ball player and, and being a good person and, and a good teammate. So love to see that for him. He's playing well he kind of turned the narrative from the beginning of the season and he's got those guys playing really well on offense and they, they, they went toe to toe with Pat Mahomes man, Toe to toe. Yes they did. You guys have had a number of teams go toe to toe with you. You have had five walk off wins this year. That is crazy. It is crazy. Like complete walk offs. Baltimore, Cincinnati, Tampa Bay, Denver and now Carolina The Chiefs are eight and oh in one score games the best mark in the NFL and only unbeaten in one score games.


I mean, listen, that's the Mahomes effect right there, baby. Yeah. I mean, if he gets the ball with an opportunity to win the game at the end of it, it is. I mean I guess eight times it's happened so far this year it's gone in the chief's favor. Yeah. Mahomes on close games. You always want to have some blowouts and be a little calmer in the fourth quarter. But I've always said it could be a good thing, but I've always said it could be a good thing when you get to the playoffs later in the season. But I would say this more than anybody, I would love to win a game, not by the very last play. Yep. I think that makes sense. Yeah. But I also get what he's saying. I think we all do. The reality is playoffs come down to one score games and the better you are in those situations Yep.


In those crucial moments. And this is why you guys have been so successful at the end of the day because two minutes on the line, pat has the ball, pretty good chance he's gonna execute pretty well. Pretty good chance. Your entire team's gonna execute really well. Yeah. And and and that's what it, that's what it was for the majority of the game is I Think it was a full, it was a team win. Everybody kind of playing better together. I think we, we walked away with three more times than, than you would like. But at the end of the day, pat Mahomes huge run in the fourth quarter on that last drive. Big time blocks by Jay Watt. He had kind of two of them where he bumped a guy and then went out and got the, the seal so that Pat could, or the spring where Pat could cut up field and, and get a bunch of, bunch of yards.


So it was a, it was a fun game to be a part of. There was a lot of like kind of learning moments on top of, you know, us actually going out there making some plays and both in the run game and pass game. I thought it was a nice balance attack and Coach Reed was dialing those things up, baby. Well Speaking of Coach Reed in his post-game speech, he said, so look, I don't wanna see anybody hanging their head. Men, this league is crazy. You saw it yesterday with college football. Nothing's given to you and you're gonna get their best shot. That's right. So keep your heads up men and you get this thing rolling. We've got some things we've got to clean up. Winning is the most important thing. Right now. And you guys beared down and got it done.


Yep. I mean listen, that's been the story of the season for the Chiefs. As we said before, the game came down to a walk off field goal after a 33 yard. Pat Mahomes run. Spencer Schrader hits the walk off winner. That's right in for the injured Bucker Schrader. This was his first game winner. Three for three on field goals and three for three on extra points. Look at Pat Scooting getting them hips in there. That boy's out there sliding. He actually, he, you see the separation right there. Back and scoot. Now I want you to watch J Watt on this play though. He's Yeah. He's at, he's at the bottom left part of your screen when Pat starts running big hits that guy on the so big and then just gets a piece of the guy that was in the flat and gets Two. Gets two.


And you don't need to get a lot, man. No. When, when you got a guy outta the pocket, you don't need to get a lot. 'cause Pat's gonna do a lot with his eyes and he is gonna do a lot with the deception of his speed. And that was such a huge play. And who, who would've thought that a veteran like JY would've been savvy enough to get two? Man, every good guy gets one. Every great man gets two. That's one of the things I love watching. I love watching block people that start blocking. That's not a design play. Like they just like find work. Find work maybe. Yeah. I mean that is what some of my favorite stuff. 'cause it's so un it's like, see it's so unselfish and it makes such a difference all the time. Routine, Every time. So Love seeing that. Shout out to j Watt.


Do we have this clip of Schrader hitting a ref in the head? What's this? I didn't see this. Oh, it after the extra point. Yeah. It's on purpose. Nah, it was just a very unfortunate, like, hit off the net. Just fucking Bink. Oh, bow. All right. That's pretty cool. It's unfortunate for the ref. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean not Cool. Alright, let's give some chiefs offensive highlights. Noah Gray man, back to back weeks with two touchdowns. You've been high on Noah for a long time. You've been speaking and praising how talented he is. So good man. And he's Coming off of a couple weeks here. Yeah. I think ISS got, he's got like four touchdowns in the last, like six Quar or five quarters there. Nice. I can't say enough about the teammate.


He is the guy, he is the professionalism. When he walks in the building, he's in it wholeheartedly. All, all of his focus is on one goal and that's to make the team better. And he's been that guy since he's been in the locker room. He got a big signing bonus or I mean, he got a big contract in the beginning of the season to show him, you know, that the chiefs want him here for a long time. And, and, and it's fun to see him just take off Right now. And I've been, I've been praise, I've been saying it for the past two, three years. I think we need to get him more incorporated in the offense in terms of like throwing and making him the primary and things like that. Yeah. 'cause he's got such a good feel.


He, he sees the defense. He understands the defense and he feels those those voids very well. You know, when we need it most cover zero in a second touchdown. Pat comes up to the line, changes the play, tells Noah to run a post and sure enough physical at the top of his route knowing the guy's gonna hold on 'cause it's zero. And he's gonna play, he's gonna play you with heavy hands and he just snaps off and goes up top and snags him, man. And I'm telling you man, those kind of plays when you see a guy keep rising to the occasion time after time, whether it's in the past game, the run game, the past blocking game, you know, wherever you need this guy to make a play, he's gonna make a play for you. And you're, you're gonna keep seeing a three show up.


Not only in the scoreboard but on the highlights, man. Yeah, baby. And then play of the game. Turhan Wharton show this one while walking off the field. Chiefs d Tackle Turhan Wharton caught a kid falling out of the stands trying to get an autograph. Damn Turk. I actually saw this and I I just kept it moving. I felt bad after once I found out you saw this. Yeah, I saw. I'm like over to the left. Oh, I didn't even see you right there. I I like, oh shit. Damn. Turk, you got 'em. Hell yeah. Turk's got 'em. I haven't seen this video though. Everybody back to your seats.


Ba this is so funny. Jesus. I mean, I don't know who the, who security owners the brainiac was to cut the railing right there. I don't you see how there was like the little gap there? Is that like Little gap just enough for, for like a kid? What the fuck is that for? I dunno. Maybe. Maybe The Panthers are anti kids, Dude. He should fucking go to school with a neck brace on and sue the fucking Panthers. Get rich quick kids. Get Rich, rich Quick. Shout out. Shout out to Shout out to Turk for, for making sure that the little guy was all right. I, once I saw Turk was over there, I knew everything was good. Yeah, Dude. Jason owe the Panthers apology. I think I do. I was, I was crapping all over the Panthers. I thought they were the worst team in the NFL not too long ago.


And all of a sudden they're starting to play pretty good football. Yeah. Well Bryce Young dude, we talked about a second ago getting bench earlier this year. There's a lot of people talking about it's over in Carolina. He's gonna end up being someplace else. 21 35, 2 62 a touchdown. I mean, it's not like and isn't an insane stat line that's pretty dang good. I mean, he played you guys pretty well, especially for being the, the defense that you guys are. It might Not even be the stats. I mean obviously the stats are solid But. yeah, I Think it was the big time moments. He was ready for cover zero when, when it, when it was, when it was thrown at him. He had, he had answers. He had, he had an understanding of where he was going with the ball before the snap. You could tell with his feet and his timing and everything.


And sure enough, those Panthers receivers, the Young Panthers receivers were up there fucking making plays man. And, and made it hard for us. And they got a great run game, man. Travis, you got a Rip Hamilton shout out. How about That? It's my dog man. Rich City. Got to got to meet him over at F1 Miami over the summer. Man. What a guy growing up watching him throughout his entire stint in the NNFL, I mean NBA. What's that? All I Think is that face mask that he always, Dude, it's iconic. Absolutely iconic. You know why they call him Rip the Calves? Why I I I thought that was his name. Yeah. No, it's, it's the sound of the net three rip. The, That's a good reason, that's a great name if you're a Basketball player player.


Such a good name. Yeah. And, and he was not but net every single time and he had some Sweet Jordans on. He played with the Wizards for a while and and played with Jordan I believe. And sure enough the goat made sure he was, he was set with the Kicks baby and being a fellow PE Jordan athlete now myself on the field still repping Nike as always and forever. I thought it was pretty cool to, to rock the old Rip City twelves man. During week 12 of the NFL season. Rip City Trav. Do you have any final thoughts from this past week? Any final thoughts? I don't Know, do you wanna wrap it up? It feels good to get double digit wins. There you go. On top of that You know I think we're still growing as a, as a team.


I think Coach Reed got in front of the team last week before the Panthers game and, and mentioned, you know, just playing together all three phases, you know, however that looks. Let's work on just being complimentary football, you know, when it's big time Third downs defense gets stopped and when it's big time, third downs or red zone opportunities as an offense. We score touchdowns, special teams spark plays, big time plays in the special teams and, and everybody just be accountable. Limit these penalties, man these penalties are only making our job harder. And, and I think it's, I think it's great and it feels good when you, when you come out victorious when you're all playing together. Yeah. You know, and you can feel that synergy when it happens and yeah, it just feels good to get the double digit wins baby.


Well, Before we move on, let's talk about some career milestones. Travis Kelsey passed Antonio Gates to become the third all time receiving yards leader as a tight end only Tony Gonzalez. You know, I've been waiting for this to happen so that this never happens again. 'cause I'm not touching. You're catching Jason There, Tony Gonzales. I mean Tony is, I mean that's such an absurd, There's no chance Level. Yeah. There's no chance. No, but seriously, shout out to Antonio Gates, man. Fuck yeah. Little Mack Mack basketball. You kidding me? Some Mack basketball turned to NFL tight end NFL Superstar. So cool. I remember watching Antonio Gates when I was in middle school and obviously throughout the entire NFL career and even playing against the big guy man, he's an absolute legend.


Learned a lot from just watching his game on, on, on film and then playing against him and seeing him on the field and then on, on top of that, being able to kind of pick his brain when I saw him out and about in the NFL World Man. And obviously big time shout outs to Tony Gonzalez and Jason Win. 'cause I'll never catch you guys. Well, They do have an insane amount of yards. There's also a LeBron stand out there. That's right. Andy Reid and the Chiefs are now the third team with 10 straight seasons with at least 10 wins. I mean, that's pretty legit. It's very legit. It's pretty legit. Coach Reed Too legit to quit. All righty. Let's look ahead to week 13. That's right. The chiefs are playing on Black Friday against the Las Vegas Raiders.


Ah, The Chiefs Raiders on Black Friday. Man. Did you see you can take on, Take on the Raiders on Black Friday, man, it's pretty fitting. It's pretty fitting. It's, did you see this insane Brock Bowers, LeBron stat Brock Bowers just passed Jerry Rice for the most receptions by a Raider in the first 11 games of a season seven Four reception. Do you understand the age difference right Then? No, Jerry was very old. It's honestly more insane that Jerry Rice was the one who was holding this record crazy. The Raiders have just been running the fuck outta the ball. This is, I mean, this is pretty sweet though. 74 catches at through 11 games. That's as a rookie, that's, I mean, he's one of the most accountable tight ends in the league Right now, man.


The guy in the pass game is absolutely killing it. And he's just all around football player. Man, I've heard a lot of great things about the Big Bowers over there in the Raiders. Well, this is only the second Black Friday game ever. People forgot last year maybe that the Jets gave up a 99 yard pick six on a Hail Mary at halftime. Jake, do you remember that? Just Jake, that Was fucked up That show him the fucked up show Him threw. Wow. He said, wow, nothing happened yet. No, But you know what's about to happen. It's just crazy that he went all that way. Oh, that cut right there would've killed me. I would've, I would've. Oh, oh no. Just mixed the kicker at the end.


Wow. That's not a kicker. That's a quarterback. Ah, you're right boy. Sorry about that Boyle. All right, well That was pretty fucked up. We just, we just threw shade for no reason and no, we just, you shout out to and, but this is the type of shit that happens on Black Friday. It's So. we gotta come fucking ready. It's, and we gotta fucking come prepared. When you Guys, the last time you played against the Raiders on a holiday game, which I would consider Black Friday a holiday game. And obviously What? You're ridiculous. You're fucking ridiculous. You give Black Friday, It's a holiday game. I mean, Thursday, Friday You don't even go shopping. Jason I like, well I do Cyber Monday for sure.


What do you, I wanna know what the fuck Jason buys on Cyber Monday. I mean everything. Yeah. Does playing the day after Thanksgiving ruin how much you can eat? No, because you just save everything good for after Thanksgiving. There You go. Leftovers for days, baby Facebook. That's one thing Thanksgiving's good for. You know for sure. You got that ham and those Hawaiian rolls and the all the Chaz. Wait, Don't do this to me. I haven't yet. I'm so hungry. Yeah, Andy, this was Andy's reminder. Make sure you guys give 'em more push aways than pull ins, guys. All right. That's what he said. Push aways. No, he always says smart advice band at this point of the year, once the holidays start up, everyone knows it's like, oh shit, Man.


Fucking and He's about be some good food laying around the house. Man, fuck man. You gotta push that Away. Don't need it. Right now. Don't need it. Right. now I'll tell you what, I need it Right now I'm starving.


As the 92 Percenters already know we love us some NF NFL, SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv, which is why we're fired up about having them as a sponsor on today's episode. We sure are. And it's perfect timing Trav, because Thanksgiving is tomorrow and everybody knows the best Thanksgiving side dish is some NFL football. That's right. And Of course some of Mama Kelsey's dinner rolls. Hmm. That's the first thing I eat on Thanksgiving. Can't wait. All Right. now this year we've got a few divisional games on Thanksgiving, on YouTube tv plus the rest of the week 13 action is right on NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. Jason, you fired up for some Thanksgiving games this year. Can't wait more. Good News nine at two Percenters. If you're going to be spending the holiday weekend with family and friends, everyone will be able to watch their favorite teams on Sunday with the help of multiview on YouTube tv. And since we're talking about the holiday season, I think I speak for all football fans when I say NF NFL. SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube TV is a top tier level gift for all the NFL fans on your holiday shopping list this year. Right, now You can get the Thanksgiving sale price of $89 when you bundle NFL SUNDAY TICKET and YouTube tv@youtubetv.com slash nh. Again, that's youtube.com/nh. Offer ends December second turns in embargoes apply. No cancellations.


We are supported by AMAZON. PRIME. That's right. You might think of Prime as your gateway to incredible fast free shipping on all your Amazon orders, which is definitely true. But Prime is so much more than that. Being a Prime member gives you access to Prime video. Mm. Amazon music. Okay. Prime gaming, Love that. Fast. Grocery deliveries and tons of other benefits. That's a game changer, especially during the holiday season. Wanna get in the holiday spirit while relaxing at home? Well press play on a holiday playlist on Amazon Music or stream a festive movie on Prime video. You've got an instant ticket to holiday cheer. What are you waiting for? 92 Percenters. Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime.


All right. 92 Percenters. We gotta switch it up for a second because we got some big news from our friends at BURGER. KING. That's right. Is you know, BK is our go-to Fast Food Burger and not everyone knows why. Okay, well I know why Jason, tell them why then. It's because BK Flame grills their burger is so every bite is hot, juicy and made my way. That's right. Is that what you were gonna say? No, but you definitely nailed it. It was, I was gonna say it's because they've got the best deals, Jason. Oh, there you go. It's all about your bang for your buck. Like this Black Friday weekend. you can score a free Whopper Junior with just a dollar purchase starting November 29th until December 2nd. So you got four days. Wow. Okay, well that's some great news right there. And you can also get the ROYAL Perks exclusive deal on the BK app or bk.com. Flame grilled and free. Woo baby. We're gonna have to call it Burger Friday. I'm in On Burger Friday. Get on at 90 Percenters. It'll definitely land on your top three burger list, just like it's at the top of ours. Price and participating us restaurants vary, Terms apply www.bk.com/terms.


Alright, let's move on to some Eagles who played on the Sunday night football game. Are y'all ready? Thoughts on Football? Oh yeah. Sunday night Party. Oh yeah. How about it. How Eagles 37 Rams, 20 initial thoughts. Jason, Initial thoughts? Do I have any initial thoughts? Have A thought about this one. Yeah, I mean, listen, it was a great game. Eagles were, I don't know, what do I, it's A little biased. Yeah, But. yeah, yeah. No, the Eagles were back to playing. Unbelievable. Yeah, It's fun to watch 'em Right now, man, I'm not gonna lie, They Seem to be connecting on all cylinders, man. I think The, the obviously the initial thoughts that everybody has are sacred on Barkley is fucking incredible.


Yeah. He took multiple big runs to the house at the score. 37 20, but is a tight first half. I was actually doing this deal, I was watching the game with a bunch of fans at this Marriott and Soft plug. Nice. Yeah, shout, shout up to all the bond boy, I Dunno, If you should be doing that. Members Out there, It was the tight, like first half and then all of a sudden Seon just went off. I mean, he was already going off in the first half, but he went off, off in the second half. 255 yards rushing. Yeah. Over 300 yards from scrimmage, dude. I mean, they couldn't stop 'em. It was, and the o the o line was fantastic. I think I gotta give the guys up front a lot of credit. Yeah.


You know, I know style. Those guys pride themselves so much on, they worked their, they worked their asses off and hitting all these things, right? Hitting all the angles, right. Surfacing blocks. Well together. Mackay, Becton and Jergens had a, had a really nice combination block on the backside of one of these runs. Landed Dickerson had a nice combination block with Cam Jergens on the backside of it. Both of those guys demolished the linebacker at the second level. It was all clicking. The old line was playing. I mean, Of course it always does when you have a score like this. But I Was about to say, you put up 255 yards rushing, even though it's saquon's out there, fuck, his legs are moving and he's, he's making guys miss, you gotta be on the same page as a unit. And you could tell Right now the Eagles are absolutely rolling, man, but they're, They're clicking in every facet.


The defense is playing really well under Vic Fangio. They finally, I think, are falling into their rhythm over these past few weeks. I mean, really when Cooper Deje went in, they've really played a lot better as a secondary. They're more aggressive. The defensive line is lightening it up, not just Jalen Carter. Now all these guys are participating. I mean, we lost, this is the other thing. I mean, the biggest downer of the day for sure is, you know, losing bg, just tremendous player and captain going down with a tricep tear damn out for the year. And he said it was gonna be his last season. I hope he comes back. I really do. I think he was still playing at a high level. Yeah. I mean, I hope he does whatever he wants to do. But. Yeah, that's the biggest thing. He was still like so dominant and so productive.


I know him, I know bg, he's still gonna be out there leading them guys still, still being around him, still getting those guys. Right? He only knows one way, man. He's that kind of player, man. Just, Just the constant, I mean, this is his 15th season. He's been so good for so long in Philadelphia. Yeah, that one stinks. But outside of that, I mean, the offense is clicking. They got a great identity Right now they know who they are. They're running the ball. Well, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, Jalen Hurtz is playing lights out things could not be better Right now in Philadelphia, When I talked about us getting and Coach re talking about complimentary football, the Eagles are fucking playing complimentary football. Yeah. They're turning it up a notch in the second half. And th that's what you really want to do. You wanna start fast and be able to turn it up a notch in the second half.


It's so much fun to watch, especially when you got Saquon taking shit to the house. This is a, the sixth player in NFL history to record multiple rushing touchdowns of 70 plus yards in a game. This is unbelievable. That's a, that's a fucking LeBron stat. First of all, it's unbelievable LeBron stat, but his cuts, his vision Right now and his, his burst is second to none. And it's just fun as hell to watch him play man. And on that touchdown run, nobody sees him, but Britton Covey right there at the bottom of the screen. So Saquon's gonna get through the line. Landon Dickerson lays out the linebacker, but watch one man Covey the receiver, the white guy down here at the bottom, the white Guy down. I mean, I don't know how else to describe him. Look at that. That right there, that little block. That's all it takes.


All of it's all it sudden, sudden now it's a 70 plus yard run. It springs. That's why that stuff is so important. It springs him. Same thing that kind of are along the lines that j Watt did on, on Pat's big run at the end of our game, man guys block downfield. Those second effort plays the, those are the plays that spring guys that like Saquon Barkley to, to go 70 to the house. Man. No doubt, no doubt. Barkley's 1,649 scrimmage yards are second most by any player in his first 11 games with a team, which is fucking, how about that? Unbelievable. He's doing it. He is. He's your Swiss Army knife. Right now he can, he can kill you in multiple ways. This is his second 70 plus yard touchdown.


Yeah. Just a counter play. Just untouched. Yeah, Untouched. They kinda of misfit it. I don't know what was going on where they thought It was gonna great hit. They did great job of sinking it and well, he did make a guy miss right there in the hole. He bounced it and, and got up out of there. Catch a few guys out of their gap and all of a sudden, yep, he's Gone. He's gone. I mean, and that's the thing that makes Saquon Saquon and I think the reason why he's in the MVP race Right now, like he's not, not only is he a good running back, any one of these plays can be an explosive player in a touchdown. And I think there's, there's games that have been decided because of him, which is rare as a running back that like these big plays have won that many games.


Again, to go back to this past week against the Rams, that those were the go ahead touchdowns, right? Then you have the Washington score. He scores a couple touchdowns late to make that game look out of reach and all, like you, at least four or five games he has had key pivotal runs in the second half that have sparked momentum or just given the Eagles the lead Just throwing daggers into the other team. Yeah. And it's that big playability. It's that that, that huge strike that is just such a momentum. Even, Even when he fucking jus a guy and fucking hurdles him backwards. Like even If it just a first down, it's electric watching him play Right now it's like a, it's like a prize fighter just taking shots of the body all day and then all of a sudden he just takes a haymaker in the sixth quarter or the sixth round, the seventh round, the eighth round.


And it's just that those are so detrimental to a, to the mentality of a defense man. For sure. He's showing a lot of love Right now to the old line, which any good teammates gonna do, he is gonna make it about the guys around him knowing that it's a, it's a team game, but he is being singled out for his unbelievable performance. And he is showing all the love to, to his o line in quotes. We broke the record, we broke Shadys record. He was also on Twitter saying how about them boys up front? Yep. And that's what you should do, man. You always gotta show love to the guys around you, especially when they're, they're literally paving the way for you, man. I mean, when, when you give Saquon Barkley an opportunity to make one guy miss and he'll go 70 to the house, that's a pretty good fucking play.


I'll take that. I'll take that percentage a play over a lot of fucking plays in the playbook. And if you can find the play that gets you that situation where it's one-on-one with Saquon Barkley and a and it's a touchdown. I mean, good things are gonna happen. He knows how much the Oline makes all this thing go. You know, he's been in New York, he's been with Oline not like this. Those boys up front are blocking their asses off Right now. It's not even just them again, tight ends the receivers. Everybody is involved in a game where you dominate like this. But for sure, you know, cam Jergen's on out between Landon Dickerson and Makay Guard Malat Johnson at Tackle. Everybody is balling out. Well, Even the Cowboys are mad at the Giants for letting Saquon go.


Michael Parsons DN for the, for the Dallas Cowboys tweeted out, I don't even gotta say it this week, y'all know what the fuck I'm talking, there's a team in the NFC East who let a generational talent walk for free. How about that? Yeah. And that is, that would be Saquon Barkley he's talking about. And they might have let another one out. We'll see How it plays out. You talking about Daniel Jones? Yeah, dude, that would be hilarious. We gotta talk about Quin Animo Bay Eagles fans have given DB rookie DV Quin Mitchell is his nickname. Quin Mo Bay, after the Cuban military base.


Guantanamo Bay. Yeah, that's good. That's actually really fucking good. Again, you got, and this is how nicknames work. You don't pick your nickname, people pick your nickname. And this is, this is what makes 'em great. You throw it on Twitter, people are gonna find a good nickname for you. Quin Mitchell says he likes Quin Moe as a nickname. Nice. I mean, how could you not? Mitchell has allowed less than 30 yards and seven straight games and no touchdowns. Best cornerback nickname Sins. Revis Island. I mean, dude, it's good. I don't, that's super creative and funny. I think that's really good. I'm, I'm, I'm all in on this. All in on it. And we already talked about Brandon Graham, shout out to BG man, get as healthy as possible and I think we're all in on, on you coming back for another year.


Just 'cause we love to see you out there in that five five brother. Yes, he did give us a great BG soundbite though, in quotes. I have to make sure I get it. I get out there and be the best leader I can be like I always do. And let the opponents know how lucky they is that I'm out. Typical Bg I tell you what man, you hear bg, whether he's on the field or he's on that sideline, you hear Brandon Graham on the field, man, he's got, there's just a frequency in his voice. You, you can't miss it. So he'll still be that leader in that, that shit talker for the, for the Eagles no matter what. No doubt, no doubt. Yeah. I mean, listen, I think BG is on the Mount Rushmore of Philadelphia Eagles or what I would say, I mean his trip sack is up there.


It's the most important play of all time as a Philadelphia Eagle. It's right up there big time. Phil Special to secure that first Super Bowl. He made one of the biggest plays when we needed it most and it ended up being a huge point in the game. So I don't know that anybody, I don't know, like represents the Eagles better than Brandon Graham. He's just been such a great teammate and person And he's been through it all, man. Yeah, he's Been through it all. He is been here for a long, I mean 15 years. So shout out to bg. Final thoughts. Have the, have the vibes ever been higher in Philly? I don't think so. I, I, I think, you know, Nick Sirianni after the game was definitely doing the, you know, Nick Saban, you know, don't listen to the or don't eat the rat poison, right?


Like everybody's gonna be telling you how good you are. Like coach knows it and, but he also knows that they still, all this is is just an opportunity to go out last week. They gotta double down, continue to get better and we gotta win this next week, you know what I mean? And I think you can't let last week affect how you're gonna prepare for this coming week. Not a chance. You gotta come approach it with the same mindset. We still gotta get better. We still gotta improve. We still gotta keep being the dogs that we are. And I think that, you know, it sounds like coaches is keeping all the guys in the right mindset. Obviously we gotta smile outta Jalen. Look at that picture. Who doesn't love a good Jalen smile? There we go baby.


Next week the Eagles are going to Baltimore to take on Lamar Jackson and the Ravens. Man. It feels like The Ravens comes like a big win Monday night Or just playing big game after big game after big game Right. now the Raven's had a tough schedule. I don't know who Yeah, hated the Ravens, but they got loaded with the tough matchups. They're, they're handling it pretty well though. I'm not gonna lie, man, that was a, that was a pretty good game Monday night and we'll get to that in a little bit. But. yeah. Is this game gonna determine the MVP race? Lamar Jackson versus Saquon Barkley Or Derrick Henry versus Saquon Barkleys. Oh my bad. Derrick Henry is also in awe of Saquon Barkley as everyone else is go crazy gangster. Yeah.


Derrick Henry and Saquon are, I mean, shit, I mean if we're being honest, it's probably gonna go to a quarterback, but I think Saquon's got, I think Saquon and Derrick Henry both have the benefit of the story, right? Like they both have changed teams. Saquon went to a individual rival. How about that? They both walk with nothing. How about That's, this is what, what's crazy is the, the game has gone back to the line of scrimmage, which is wonderful, right? And we're seeing the best teams in the league run the ball really, really well. Control, they control the line of Scrimmage, what they're controlling the line of scrimmage, controlling the clock, limiting possessions. The game's B gone back to the line of scrimmage. It's gonna be very interesting after this season to see what happens in the running back market to see what happens in the draft. Like now all of a sudden is running the ball is being seen as the way to win in this league in some ways, right?


Between Detroit, between what Philadelphia's doing, what the Baltimore Ravens is doing. I mean, what you guys, you guys are running the ball more than you've ever run the ball with Pat Mahomes. Yeah. If this is the way defense are gonna play and this is the way the league is now running all of a sudden running backs, maybe they're, maybe that value's going back up all because of these guys right here. How about that How about it. Then you got guys like Ash, Ashton Gentry over there at Boise State. Oh shit. You think he might get drafted next year? Yeah, I think it's still gonna be a quarterback driven. I'm not saying like it's, it's ever not gonna be that, but I do think we're seeing firsthand how important having great running backs is. Yeah. So yeah, I do think it's gonna change things a little bit.


Let's get to the rest of week 12. There's a little bit of chaos in the NFL in week 12, huh? Titans over the Texans. Browns over the Steelers, Cowboys over Washington. Vikings need to win an ot. How about that? Man, those crazy, crazy losses. Of course you Already know when, when November and December hit, man. It's like Ultimate, especially in division, right? In division teams fighting for playoffs, everybody sees the, the light at the end of the tunnel a little bit more. It's a little bit more meaningful. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot more film out there for people to, to, to diagnose to understand what the other team is doing. Yep. On top of that, there's injuries that play into it. New guys having to step up, getting put into the fire for the first time.


There's so much shit that goes on in November and December that it's just, that's where it really becomes any given Sunday, man. Anybody can get it And, and it, and obviously these four games right here just are are just proven that man chaos can happen in the NFL man. Yeah. Titan is, it is just f familiarity, right? Like the Browns and the Steelers. The Steelers beat the Ravens last week. The a FFC north is always tight. It feels like these teams always beat up on each other no matter how good each one of them is. You're gonna lose one or two in division games no matter how good you're in the a FFC north. It feels like that every year. Yeah. Titans over Texans. I would, I mean, what is going on?


The Texans were supposed to be one of the best teams in the A FC all of a sudden last couple weeks they've been struggling a little bit. Well I guess they, they played well last week against the Rams. There we go. Monday night, Titans freaking will Mr. Mayonnaise speaking of mayonnaise, lead him to victory. Sure did. Cowboys beating Washington. I did not have that one on my bingo card. It was Washington has been playing lights out The crazy that not that might have been the craziest ending to a football game for, you know, Daniels to defined McLaren and him to go to the house and then to miss the field goal. Have to go for an onsite kick and then to lose it with kick Return for a touchdown kick Return for a touchdown.


Fuck. The NFL is crazy man. The last two minutes, 49 seconds. There was Cowboys 99 yard punt return for a touchdown. Oh, this was electric Watch this punt return right here. Whoop. Whoa. That's unfortunate. Our teammate dude hit the B button. Hit the circle First time that circle in B button has has worked in the NFL game since the 2003. Madden RC brought this up on Monday night. That sometimes when you drop those kicks it messes with The, it creates the, The coverage. Everybody just starts, Everybody like goes to go get the ball. Gets outta their lane. Yes. How about this Catch by Terry McCluen.


I have been ave I have been an advocate to put in the fake drop fumble. Just, just drop it on purpose. You know, you got time. Just drop it On purpose and then, but, and then what play do you think you should run out of it? Are we talking about offense or are we talking about special teams? Offense. Offense. You fumble Ruki. No, center snap. The ball hits the quarterback's hands falls down just like little giants. No, you gotta you gotta, you gotta make it look like somebody in the backfield is like fumbling the ball on the ground. So everybody then goes like ears back and runs at the ball. Then you put on, you put in the A screen Screen. God Dammit, I'm not, I'm not picking up on the screen.


You don't Think it. You don't think the screen would work everybody. It just, it makes everybody collapse onto somebody. And then you build a fortress for somebody to run behind. I mean, I'm sure it works. I gotta How is it happening? So you snap it to the quarterback, Snap it to the quarterback, he Shotguns Shotgun. Fumbles it. Fumbles it. Everybody. What are we running up front? Are we running pass Pro two Jet? Yeah. Two Jet. Three. Jet Jet. So we're Just doing two Jet snap at Jet Shotgun. Jet shotgun two. Jet to the quarterback. Quarterback fumbles. Yep. Tell tell the old line Act, act like you're stabbing a guy and looking for someone else. So everyone thinks like, oh, I can beat 'em. And now it's like attack the Ball. The ball. So it's a three step drop. We're doing like a three step drop type look. Exactly. Okay. Quarterback gets it, fumbles it Nice picks it back up. Yep. Now the D-line have baby Roll out, baby rollout like a panic.


Like I gotta get away from the rush. Throw the screen and Then who you throw in the screen back to the running back, whoever throwing to the receiver doesn't matter. Tight end doesn't matter. Well, I, it does matter. You're telling me you got a play design and you don't even know who the ball's going to. Well, I'm not gonna tell you the exact play. I said I've just been an advocate of faking the fumble and then throwing the screen. All righty. Terry McClure also had a, a ridiculous catch to tie the game up. Well what they thought was gonna tie the game up and then we had this debacle on the extra point. Let's take a look at that. There we go. Terry. Dude, he's a beast. He is a beast. So Good. Oh, Extra point. And the kick is naked. Ya Yanked it. God, look at him right away. His hands around his head. I Aw Yeah.


Somebody's gotta get him and Then you return it for the score. Surprise. You don't just fall on It. You can't shortchange those little, whatever those kind of kicks are Onside kicks. Yeah, but it's like the, it's not like the true onside kick. Yeah. They're they're trying to like bunt it and outrun it to like get there first. You can't shortchange those man. Oh, you, you gotta get it at least 10 yards. That's what you're saying? Yeah. Yeah. I gotcha. Yeah. Well that is the rule. Touche. Alright. Crazy ending to not the best game for the Commanders. Shout out to the Cowboys for pretty much securing the Eagle's victory of the nfcs.


This would, it would, it would take a complete meltdown for the Eagles not to win the nfcs at this point. So shout out, I I think this might be the only time in Eagle's history that everybody was collectively rooting for the Cowboys. Yeah. Possibly. Pretty Wild first Snow game of the year though. Up there in our, our hometown Cleveland, Ohio up there on the lake. I love a good snow game. It's the best How about it. Huntington Bank right there on the lake, just sitting, just taking all the weather off the lake and just fucking making it difficult on danger us. Yeah. We also had a miked dub. Jameis Winston, which is always electric hot. 180. What's that one?


80? What's that? Yeah. Yeah. 180. What's that? He tried. He tried so hard. Terrible. What's that? Sometimes I talked about frequency on Both sides. Damn. Somebody jump off Sides. Damn. That's so good, man. God, that's good. I love, dude. Did you see his pre-game? Pull that up. Pull up the pregame. I want this in the show. I'm just so, I'm the one. How Are we, how fortunate are we? How fortunate are we to be playing up in Cleveland, Ohio. Ohio. On this. Beautiful, now this is football weather. Dude, I love this clip so much.


What will It take tonight? The horse is prepared for battle, but victory comes from the Lord, depending on the Lord. Preach To the team Day by day. One play at a time. That's Day by day. We will play at a time. We're Expecting winds up to 15 miles per hour in a winter. How will that impact your ability to throw the ball? I am so happy and grateful that the Lord blessed me to play in some snow. To be in true football weather in Cleveland, Ohio, at Huntington Bank Field today to get him to glory. It's a beautiful, Who is he looking at? It feels like a Beautiful Nancy North.


It's, it's magical. Thank you. It's a beautiful day, dude. I, this dude, it's a magical day. Thank you. Kills it every time. Every single time, man. So authentically. I love, man. I love, I'm so happy they won that she was funny. Oh, that's awesome. You gotta love it, man. And Cleveland was fucking rocking man. Had everybody with their shirts off and join the first day of snow. You gotta love it, man. You got you. You absolutely gotta love it. Piz of the week goes to, not Tommy DeVito. It goes to Baker Mayfield with His, he sent it, man. Sold It. Man. Old Tommy DeVito celebration. I didn't, I mean, I didn't know he was this quick with his triceps. I mean, look at those things. He's firing them up there. Strong man. Strong guy. Strong lats. Looks like he's like throwing coins.


Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. Nice. Yeah. Really good trolling there by bak. Impeccable trolling. It's Good shit. He was also grilled about his Italian heritage after the game. I don't know. If, you saw this? Travis? I did not see this. What was this about? It was good. It's good. I guess It was the DeVito celebration. Is that, is that tribute? Tribute to Tommy? Yeah. It's a good dude. Scott Swag. Yeah. Who came up with that? Oh, I have no idea. I just see him do it. No, But whose I, I'm sorry. Whose idea was it for you to do that? And when did you know you were gonna do it? I, You know, most of the times I don't know what I'm gonna do. So there's spontaneous stuff. I, I respect it. That Was spontaneous. That was not planned. I mean, even your teammates got into it too. Yeah. You know, New York fans love Tommy here and give 'em something they like.


Are you, Are you Italian by any chance or No? I haven't done a 23 and me, but I don't. That's professional. I fucking love that dude. Man. That's professional trolling by bak. God, that's Funny. Shaken Bake Baker Shaken Bake baby. Oh man, that's A spicy beat. The ball. We gotta ask big Dom if Baker's got this, the, the Italian. Okay. To pull off that celebration. There you go. There you go. The Marshawn Sly is back. Safety's Seahawks Safety and former Bearcat Kobe Bryant. How about that? Man? Hit the Marshawn Lynch nut. Grab Homan. Holman on a end zone. Pick six, man.


Arizona had a tough one buddy. He was open too. It's tough. It's tough. But when you get tossed one, you gotta have fun with it home. It Not quite as good as my classic. Classic silly. But that will also get you find young man Hope. Yes. Yes. It will Hope. Yes it will. Told his family before the game, if he got a pick six, he would do the Marsha Lynch crotch grab. Nice. I'm sure he said crotch. Grab Preplan in the end zone. Hopes, hopes Lynch will chip in if the NFL finds him. This Is one week after Jameson Williams did the same celebration. Jameson was fined $19,000, 670 and 97 cents.


Marshan was fined $11,050 for the original celebration. This is just, you know, as you can see, inflation. NFL inflation. Yeah. Point blank. How many years ago was the Marchan? I'm gonna say it was a decade ago for sure. So it's almost doubled in a decade. I mean that sounds about right. The Camp has gone up. 13, 2014 was when he was, that's when they were winning Super Bowls. Yeah. So, so I think this would be about, I mean, 10 years is about, the salary camp was pretty much doubled in that timeframe, or at least close to. So yeah, that's NFL inflation for you. Who knows what it'll be? Well, it'll probably be close to $19,697. Coach quoted a week from Jim Harbaugh after the Monday night football game against his brother.


I'd lay down my life for my brother, but I wouldn't let him win a football game ever. So it's a good quote. Yeah, it's Very accurate. And the there, I know Exactly what you Talking about. I know exactly what you're talking about. I it, I get it. I get it. I'll kill somebody for Jason, but he will not win a football game. I'm Not gonna let him win. That does it for week 12 in the NFL. Jason, can you believe we're already coming up on week 13 of the NFL season? Hmm.


Well the holidays are coming up fast here, which means it's almost time for small business Saturday. Unlike national tight end day, small business, Saturday is a day of support. I love supporting local businesses here in Philadelphia and all they do to support our community. I love getting some food and some unique spots. Close to me. Some pound cake. There we go, Jason. Yeah. Yeah. Cheese sticks. Jason gets it. you can find some cheese steaks at some really good local spots in Philly. I kind of like going to like boutique spots like jewelry. You taking me down Coventry Road, Right. Now I, like Coventry Road, Coventry Road's, got a bunch of small businesses. Maybe a movie theater. Yeah. A nice small business movie theater that's I, like I, like supporting a small business movie theater. Yeah. Alright, now 92 Percenters on November 30th, you can support our local community by shopping small on small business Saturday funded by American Express. Again, small Business Saturday is founded by AMEX and is coming up in a few days here on Saturday November 30th. Get in the holiday spirit this year by shopping small.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking out ALLSTATE first. Just like you know, to check if your favorite restaurant is open on Thanksgiving before you get in the car and drive all the way over to it. Or like when you know, to check if you've packed your black and gold overalls before going out the tailgate with a bunch of App State fans. Checking first is smart. It's not, it's, it's the smart thing to do. Make sure you check and make sure you also check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're going to be in good hands with ALLSTATE Savings vary. Terms, apply Allstate, Fire and Casualty Insurance Company in affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


If you're like me and probably most people in the world, your eating habits definitely change around the holidays. Holiday food is elite, but it does impact digestion. Trav, what's your favorite Thanksgiving side? The favorite thing's gonna be side, I'm probably gonna go with either mac and cheese or sweet potato candy Yams. Yeah. Damn. How did I know that? Man? I was all over that. I'm a big green bean casserole. I love green bean casserole. How does that affect your digestion or your poops? You don't have any other issues, like it doesn't upset your stomach at all. Nope. I got some good gut health. Lucky for you and all the 92 Percenters out there. AG G one is a perfect way to helping you stay regular and avoiding getting clogged up with all the extra holiday eating AG G one is a big help during and after the holidays, especially because it keeps the body regular and gives you the nutrients you need. So start with AG one and notice the difference yourself. It's a great first step to investing in your health. That's why they've been a, a proud partner of New Heights for so Long. And AG one is running a special Black Friday offer. Now until December 2nd, you'll receive a free one month supply of AG Omega three when you first subscribe, as well as a bottle of Vitamin D five free travel packs and an AG. One Welcome Kit. Which by the way, the Welcome Kit is dope. That's up to $135 of value right there. So make sure you check out drink AG one.com/new Heights to claim this Black Friday offer while it lasts. That's drink AG one.com/new Heights.


Let's get outta the house. Jason, you are, you are out of the house more than I have ever been out of the house. And yeah, I'm jealous. Alright, before we get to New Heights Film Club, let's quickly get out of the house. Out of the House is brought to you by Small Business Saturday, founded by American Express. How about that? Love supporting small businesses At this point, should we just call this segment Jason Go home and stuff? Because I, Kyle you haven't Yeah, you haven't fucking, you haven't been in the house. Yeah. You got a fourth girl on the way might need to All Alright. Right, I got, I gotcha. This Was, I'm sorry. This Alright. A unique situation in some ways, In some ways. Jason was everywhere. Jason, you were spotted on Saturday at Appalachian State. Damn. Straight at the tailgate singing your favorite karaoke. I know. I gave it totally clips of the heart. Yep. You know that I've loved that one forever. Yep. It's my Go-to And the Dan Band. The Dan Band version for Sure. Yeah. I mean, I'll, even if it's the original version, I'll just sing it like it's the damn band, but I'm singing it like that fucking needs Now. Yeah. Let's watch this clip just 'cause it's fun to watch Jason do. Jason thinks, oh Cool. Yeah, I actually haven't seen it yet, so I'm kind of intrigued. Jesus. We, I, I always struggled that. Alright, alright. Alright. We, we've seen enough. We've seen enough. We've seen enough. You can't start that high because then when you need to go higher, it's just, you gotta, that is the part. It's still electric. It's still electric. That really, it goes off the rails every time. But either way, time way, dude. App State was fantastic. Why were We at App State? Good friend of mine, Brandon Beaver is from Carolina. He knows a lot of the people at App State and in the area. Big Be for one. He's the best. He was the best dude either way from the area and obviously that whole, you know, Boone County, that whole area has been ravaged by the hurricanes and whatnot. So, we felt like there was some stories to be told and you know, we kind of captured some content around that and, and people that have it was just, it's an outstanding story of community. How much, you know, when times get tough, people rally around each other and they've rallied around each other in that area. They've rallied around that football team. This was their homecoming. They got a big win. So to be able to be down there, everybody made me feel so welcome. It was just beyond fun and awesome and just a really good trip. So I love it man. Shout Out to you guys Upstate. Shout out To at where to Go. State. Way to go. Mountaineers How about it, man, fuck on Sunday. You were at the Rams Eagles game, man. You caught some Eagles football and then played some beer pong. Little celeb shot. Got A Seb shot. Nailed It. Celeb shot. Fucking drained it. Drained it like a pro elbow. Good lean. Oh yeah. Baby halfway, halfway across the table. That's some good shit. I just walked off. No, my was back. There's just an illusion. Just an illusion. That's a good point. That's good point. In the Cameraing, at some point you performed in a UCB improv show. Yeah. Upright Citizens Brigade. A lot of this trip I went out with the guys that helped me do this late night show So. we went to Kimmel Kimmel. Jimmy was able to tell us kind of, you know, the ins and outs of running a late night show, the tailgate with the beer pong. Some of that was grabbing content that we're gonna show during the late night show and then Upright Citizens Brigade. It was just an idea to go out there and get comfortable in front of a ca a crowd doing like comedy bits. Right? So dude, these guys, this whole crew was, this is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. They absolutely killed it. It was hilarious. They made it super easy on me. I just went up there and told stories. It was a blast, man. It was a lot of fun. I mean, I could listen to Jason Kelsey tell stories for the rest of my life. Man. That's awesome though man. That's awesome. I love going to stuff like this, man. This is the coolest shit ever. The best. I would've definitely enjoyed every bit of that. But you also starred in a new commercial for garage beer. How about that? Where did the inspiration come from? This, I dunno. Had this idea. I've, I've loved, you know, this just seemed like something fun to do. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Ah Man. I want a fucking little Oh man. Seemed like something fun to do. Look at this guy, man. Holy shit. Deep what cant do dude. It was so good, man. Everything is the best man. Just enjoying your life. So, yep. Just having fun making, Hey, hey, Hey. I needed more feet though. I needed I know you did. You did tell me you wanted What's at the free Willy? Wait, wait for, this is the best part. Everybody's gonna turn it off before they get to the best part. Watch, watch the best part. My guy Bathing in it. Just bathing in it. No, the best part is definitely you jumping into the camera like that. All happy as hell, dude. It just seems like something really fun to do. I mean, I enjoyed every second of it. Now that We own a beer company, we get to come up with stupid ideas that we think is funny. I don't know if anybody thinks anybody else thinks it's funny, but I think it's funny. I think it's pure entertainment, Jason. Yeah, I think as long as, as long as Jason Kelsey's enjoying it and he's showing everybody that he's enjoying it, people are gonna fucking love it, man. All right then I'm gonna keep doing it. So yeah, go out there and grab a garage beer and see how it makes you feel like this. It'll make you dance. There we go. Did you have a favorite event over the weekend? Man, there were so many good moments. The App State, I would say Appal Appalachian State was, was the best. Just 'cause of, I don't know what everything that that community has been through and the way everybody was great and we never get the Tailgate. We never got the tailgate as like, well I've been so Like, well I've, I've been getting the tailgate In. That's what I'm saying. You got the itch to tail you. Like you're a professional tailgater now and you fucking I Well I wanna be, it's hard sometimes 'cause everybody knows who you are. You just want to tailgate. But you know, either way it's, it's a good time. And I, I think I like connecting with people and that was awesome. But there was a lot of great moments and I think that Citizens Brigade thing was hilarious. Just the creativity and the talent that those comedians had was spectacular. Nice. Yeah, I don't Monday night football, I, dude it was, it was busy. I'm definitely happy I'm home now. And you got the holidays coming up. Get to celebrate some Thanksgiving with the girls. Yeah, but It was, it was a good week. It was a really, really fun week. I love it man. Well you were on Monday night looking like a, a cinnamon swirl up there with that brown on man that looked real bad ass cinnamon swirl. Yeah, you was a cinnamon buttercream. Buttercream and that was out of the house. Brought to you by Small Business Saturday. Funded by American Express. Shout out to American Express.


Alright, Right. now let's get to little New Heights Film Club. That's right. When everything you guys have been waiting for Little Roadhouse review, new Heights Film Club is brought to you by BURGER KING. Go ahead and get your favorite Wipper Right now you rule you have to watch a movie this week. Let's do it. I'm gonna open up my Notes and do a little homework. Open up my notes. We've got a bit of programming update. We've seen how much everyone has loved the new Heights Film Club, so we've decided to put it in the regular show. We're working out figuring out the release of the former Wondery Plus content. So stay tuned for Sisterhood in the Traveling pants, potentially. But don't go, don't worry If, you subscribe to One Plus we're still gonna be giving you guys great content and we appreciate all your feedback and we can't wait to continue putting out those as well. But there's been a big appetite for this to be in the regular episode and we are proud to offer the new Heights Film Club episode this week. Roadhouse Right now. That's Right. Such an iconic film. Not the new one. This is the 1989 classic Road House film. Come On baby. The class, the classic Road House. Hopefully all of you guys have watched it and you are ready for this review. It's literally the Jumanji for my parents. Dude, It sucks. It's what I was, it's what I was made from right here. Are. you kidding me? Great. Nothing like getting, oh, that is Patrick Swayze to get things fucking hot and steamy in the, in the Kelsey household. You know what, what I'm talking about, I'm not gonna lie. This is definitely more, this is better than Jumanji If. you want to get the juices slower? You wanna get This is for anybody. It's got something for anybody. Let's, let's Put some, let's put some Vaseline all over Patrick Swayze's body and let's see where it ends up. Alright, Let's, let's start Where, where's the film starts? So the film starts, Frank Tillman owns a barn called The Double Deuce. The Double Deuce in Kansas City. The Film, is it in Kansas City? Dude. What? Yes. He is got a just outside of Kansas City. Jasper. That's Right. This is in Missouri. This is a Missouri based movie. Dude. Does This place actually exist? I'm, I've been looking for it since 89 since I was born, brother. No, I'm kidding. I have, I I believe it is a made up bar. All Right. So Frank Tillman owns a double deuce. You don't know it at the opening of the movie, but you see Tillman walking through an undisclosed bar. He's scouting Right away. The tone is set. He enters a rough and rowdy bar with rock and roll music playing tits on display. Oh Yeah. And a pants to a profile


view of our lead man, Patrick Swayze. AKA James Dalton. That's right. Dalton Chiseled jawline, impeccable hair. He is dealing with an issue at the bar right away. We see his controlled demeanor, clearly experienced. He handles the situation without igniting it further. We see this is a bad man as he is stitching his own arm after being cut with a, a Blade Electric. He is offered the job. My Tillman for handsomely payment, I think in 1989. It was handsome payment and he accepts. So that's the opening scene being set right away.


We see this guy's been through some shit. Anybody that's stitching their own arm up, they're not like a doctor. They've been through some shit. I only remember like one other scene like this and it was, it was John Claude Van Damm in a movie where he was like cutting out like a, like a bruise or some sort of like, I don't fucking know what he was cutting out. I thought it was like some sort of bruise or something. But Are you thinking of the Arnold movie where he is cutting out the tracker that's in him. That's it. Or when he is like pulling it out of his nose. Yes. That's it. These are the either way. So back to Swayze Swayze's. It's a total Recall. This movie starts off and I just, I enjoy the music. First off, shout out to Jeff Healy, dude Kills It.


Legend. Yes. Absolute legend. I was, I've been listening to Jeff Healy music all fucking day. Just Is she Actually blind? Yes. Canadian. So that Was, that was true to far From Toronto. Yes. I had to look him up and make sure that this was, this was legit. And he is as legit as it comes. Blues rock and roll. You name him, man. Dude, how about when it first Goes into the double deuce and he's just in a cage and they're throwing gear. Like, like what kind of made up establishment is this Made up? Dude, these gotta fuck in the Eighties. There's no many places like that exist. Sure. What you think this is. No, this is real. You think guys, you think they weren't fucking rundown establishments like this. It was in Blues Brothers too. I think the The like the first bar scene, they get in a fight because some dude says he is gonna pay $20 to kiss another woman's tits and then he doesn't pay It.


I don't got 20. And Then for some reason the entire bar fights and it was just these two guys right away. We get into It, the music, the slang, some of the slang, like dude, The slang you're talking about like the one-liners. Just like somebody calling somebody else A hot shot. Hot shot. Oh, I didn't Even pick up on That's dude hot. I was looking at the one-liners. Dude, the one-liners are so good. Ker head. Pecker head. Gosh, what's I got? What about the one-liners? The guy says, does a hobby horse have a wooden dick? Dude calling? Remember that one calling me search like putting an elevator in the outhouse.


Yeah. Don't belong. What is say, what are you doing Dickless? Well, I ain't about to show you my dick Dickless, But I'm on my break. Stay on It. Stay on it. That was a banger. When he is, he's giving the lecture. So, so as we get into the movie, he he's, he goes to this new bar, the Double Deuce, and he starts to fix it up by immediately canning everybody. He's starting to can the problems, the drug dealing, dealing lady, the barback that's stealing all the money. Who, who ends up being the, the villain in the movie's nephew and starts Yeah. Starts to the the whole mess behind the scenes of what's actually going on in the bar.


Yes. And he's, he's sitting there telling every single guy or, and every and every single girl be nice. This Is how we're gonna do it. When you kick someone out, you, you're nice. What if you need, what if They call you a name If you? What do you mean if they call? Did they call me? What If they call you a cocksucker? Well a cocksucker is just two nouns combined that elicit a prescribed response. I love that. I probably could, I could've used this advice at Penn State. I would Dude, I immediately thought you Yeah. And I was not gonna bring this up unless you Did it. When I was watching, I was thinking of me. I was like, god dammit, where was Dalton to Penn State? Fuck. Who would've thought Roadhouse would be an educational movie?


Oh, I love it, dude. But yeah, I thought that was a banger. And he, he slowly starts to like change the mind mindset of it and the mindset of everybody in the bar Yep. To, to do things his way. And as he starts to run it, you see all the problems starting. And one of my favorite things, favorite lines in it is it's gonna get worse before it gets better bud. Yep. And he's been Through it Before Ali did it. Yeah. And he had, and he knew it because he went to the, the tire store. When he bought the car, he bought extra tires. 'cause he knew what he was in. He knew somebody was gonna slash tires. He, he knew. He Say, this ain't my first rodeo. Oh. Oh, they went for the windshield too. There's Something zen-like with, I mean, we find out later that he's a, like a legitimate philosopher, but there's a zen-like presence to Dalton that just is a, is is fun.


I, there's the one scene where he is doing Tai chi. I'm not a big tai chi guy. Not a big tai chi guy. Unless he Look good doing T chi. I'll say that he looked real good doing Tai Chi. If doing tai chi like that means I can rip somebody's throat out, I'll fucking start doing it. Right. now Can we talk about, just have That, just have that in the back pocket. Just like, oh Jesus. Can we talk about the sexuality through this whole film? I mean, I guess we'll get to that later. Let's just keep going through the plot. Let's keep going through the plot. Yeah. The the best thing about Patrick Swayze in the beginning of this movie is he is like the poster child for like, when, when you start acting like Oh, gosh, Cloudy. Look at that back. Look at the, look at this scene though.


The fucking, the pan around. You see the beautiful land that he is on. Like how did he find a fucking renta barn over here on this fucking property? Across on a, on a pond. Like you wanna talk about a perfect situation. I do love how he just ingratiates himself to the community, to all these just like figures that like need help. Like he's their protector. Oh, he immediately went from, you know, saving the, he has to turn this double deuce around to saving the community from the fucking shit bags that have been running it for forever. He's Bouncer by the way. He's called a cooler. Have you ever heard a bouncer called a cooler? I, I've Never heard that term. No. That's pretty sweet. I haven't heard of that one now. Yeah, I like That though. It's like you're not bouncing people.


You're cool in this situation. Down Is everybody be cool. I like That. Everybody Chill out. Everybody calm down. For Those of you that haven't seen the film, the film then progresses as Dalton tries to clean up the double deuce. He runs into this gentleman Ben Wesley. And it's apparent that Ben Wesley is a piece of shit and in some ways some type of underground mafioso where he's got people involved in Every pocket. Yeah. It's it's, they're a part of like this club have stronghold in the community to part of the club. If they're not a part of the club and they're not paying them money, then he just ruins their establishment of life. So's Running the unions. Yeah. Pretty, pretty bad guy.


There's also a love story to this. That's right. Oh, Doc Doctor Can't forget Doc Dr. Clay. That's right. She is. I mean a smoke show. Fantastic lady Who Dalton meets after the first knife infliction. Well, a second knife infliction on his arm. This one he can't stitch up his self. No, this one's in his ribs. He has to get a stitch up his ribs. Yep. Meets the doc immediately. I mean you can tell they're feeling each other. They're getting the googly eyes and Yeah, why don't you come on down to the double dude. That's right. Let me buy you a drink doctor. So they start to, you know, have feelings for each other and that gets into a whole nother thing.


And then yeah, it just continues to like Wesley wants to retain control over the double deuce. Dalton is trying to fix the double deuce and, and the only way you can fix it is by ridding the double deuce of Wesley's control. So Wesley starts, his goons start trying to pretty much strong arm Dalton into giving into him. And he's not doing it. The bar's fighting back. It's getting to a point that he needs help. So his buddy Wade Garrett played by Sam Elliot comes on down. Clearly they have history. They don't get into it too much I don't think. But they've been through this show before. And it's Sam, or sorry, sorry, Wade Elliot and Dalton fighting against Ben at some point.


It feels like his best friend's like hitting on his girl. Did you pick up on that Too? That was, that was a very Interesting, that was kind of a dirt bag move by Wade And then a, a real aggressive bullet but didn't know If he was being Playful, which was probably acceptable back in the eighties. But, But showing a lady your pubes, I didn't like he had a scar and he didn't need to unbutton it and show the top half of his pubic. Like he could have just flapped down that one section. I did not remember seeing Sam Elliott's pubes Dude. Sam Elliot without, without a mustache kind of fucked me up too. He had a mustache didn't he? No, he had a beard. This is just a beard. Yeah, that's right. It was a full beard. Like I'm thinking of like, when I think of Sam Elliott, I think of like the, That mustache cowboy western.


Yeah. You know what it is. Yeah, For sure. He's a smooth operator either way, man. He had the locks. No Doubt. From there things continually start to digress. Even more things reach a boiling point when Wesley Lights fire to Dr. Clay's uncle's establishment and it all starts blowing up to which Dalton finds Jimmy Reno, who is the right hand man to Ben Wesley jumps on him riding, was he riding a motorcycle or a dirt bike? Something like that. Yeah, he was trying to little getaway bike. Little Getaway bike. Dalton jumps on him, spears him off the bike than they get into a battle.


It's On like that. I'm Not gonna lie. Jimmy Reno's shit talk was way better in this battle. Dalton was very simplistic in his shit, talking like all this has happened. He's lit fire to a guy's house. He's lit fire to a barn or like house. Jimmy Reno's a big fire guy. I know exactly what you're Talking about. Pyromania. I know exactly. Likes fire to the, to the establishment. Then he lights fire to the barn and Dalton's had enough. He's like, fuck. He tackles him off and then he's like reno's talking shit to him and he just says, you are such an asshole. Like if that's not the understatement of the year, like Yeah and then That's only the start of it.


Well Jimmy Reno hits him with the line mid fight when he is got the upper hand, he thinks he's about to win. He hits him with the line. I used to guys like you in prison, which that's a hell of a line to rip out. Can I say something? Norma, normally we don't bleep out curse words because we want the show to be authentic. I think we need to bleep out whenever we say, I used to guys like you in prison, like it just, it feels too aggressive to like leave Unadultered in the episode. And then that was a fucking wild as I wasn't Expecting that one a crazy Lie. You heard that and then you saw his throat kid yank out and You're like, you see what Dalton said after, you know what Dalton says to that? No, he all he says back is go fuck your, so it's like, bro, that's not a good you, he, he won that talking shit.


But anyways, Dalton wins with the throat rip, which there's this underly, there's this underlying tone. Yeah. Right. I, first of all, I just impeccable technique on the throat. Rip, I mean the ha the claw, the ha ha like just immediately going right for the esophagus and he just nailed it. I think there's an underlying, through the whole film of this PTSD that Dalton has from we, we learned that he has already previously done a throat rip and he feels bad that he killed a person, even though Wade tries to remind him that it had to be done. And then all of a sudden he, he gets to this boiling point, this stoic like very controlled man.


Dalton gets to this boiling point and he, and he just rips it out again to which Dr. Clay, seeing how high of a level Just That Swayze can get to is just like, oh my God, this guy just ripped the throat out. Maybe I shouldn't be With this guy. I don't need to be around this. This is, This is a little bit intense. You we could've just left. Yeah. Well how else am I supposed to be? Just when you think it's kind of over. I mean I feel like once you, once you've proven you can throat rip, I feel like usually you would think the bad guy was would go away. No, but not, not not Wesley.


Wesley goes on to give Dalton a call at the double deuce and says you gotta choose between her, Dr. Clay and Wade. Oh wait, I'm gonna flip a coin. I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill one of them. That's what it's, he's not gonna choose flip a coin. Doesn't tell him which one he goes to Dr. Clay for some reason leaving Wade like why If? you know that He just said, I'm gonna kill one of 'em. Why not bring Wade with you to Dr. Clay? I thought that was a big, like he fucked that one up. Yeah. Take Wade with you. Just put him in the car. You definitely don't leave him alone. Don't leave him By himself. Yeah, that Was a, he fucked that one up. Yeah. Especially. Yeah. So He leaves, Wade goes to Dr. Clay. Dr. Clay's like, listen, I ain't fucking with you anymore. You just ripped the guy's throat out. We're not in this together.


Actually I can't seen with you. Right, now you're a psychopath. If, you come around here one more time. I will get a restraining order. Okay. I just saw you fucking ripped someone's throat out. That's, you were so hot until that now you're just scary. I, I can't believe I used to think you were sexy. You Were so hot. Gosh. So Dalton goes back to the double deuce, only to find a knife in his best friend and confidants chest to which he loses it and decides to go attack Ben Wesley at his house. Yes. Wesley's waiting. He knows that an angry Dalton's coming. Dalton pulls a pretty cool move. He puts a knife in the gas pedal with the car to create a division.


Yeah. From about a mile out too. It was crazy. I don't know how he had the precision to keep that card going down the road, the dirt road. But we Don't need to ask questions. Yeah. But then Dalton proceeds to kill everybody throughout the house, knocks the polar bear on the fat guy and then gets into an altercation. The final boss battle with Wesley and he's win him, he's knocked the gun out of his hand a couple times and he's got him pinned and he's about to go for the throat rip and he realizes this is where I gotta be the bigger Man. Yeah. That's where he gotta be. He's Gonna walk, walk Away. Can't do that. No. Once you're, once You're right. When he walks away. Like I don't know. He didn't know that the other people were there.


No, that was the universe responding to his kindness. Yeah. But like how did he, why did he just get up? Like he had to know that Wesley was just gonna go grab the gun again and try and kill him. But he just walks away. But, and then out of nowhere, all of the townspeople are in the house. They haven't Been referenced at people that have at all been fucked over by Wesley. They haven't been referenced at all. The car salesman. The the car where the, what is it? The, the maintenance shop? The, yeah, the car dealership. The, the owner Of the double Deuce. Double deuce. The guys that Wesley had had A strong Alarm. The Farmer over the entire time. The, Farmer, The Farmer. Everybody got their shot in. Yeah, they, they're all just like sitting there. I don't know where they came from.


Like they knew that Dalton like did Dalton call them before he went over there? 'cause otherwise they would, why would they go to Wesley's house? Because the universe told them to Jason. All Right, well they end up there and they each proceed to shoot him with a shotgun in like this very dramatic scene. It was beautiful, beautiful scene. That doesn't make any Sense because he had the all the game trophies around the room. Oh, I didn't even think about that. Yeah, the trophy room, all the Animals And it had showed all the, all the lives he had taken and all the, well That's one theme. I didn't think about that. Yeah. I thought it was just a like a, a symbol of like, everybody saying enough is enough. Right? Yeah. Anyways, they each shoot him with a shotgun.


He dies, then a cop comes the first time this entire movie, there's been assaults, there's been stabbings, there's been like, people have been knocked unconscious. The first, the first time you see a cop, the entire movie. And they said, most said that motherfucker of all time. He's like, what happened here? And everybody's just like, I didn't see anything. Did you Billy? I didn't see anything. What about you Kevin? I didn't see anything. I didn't see Anything. The only thing the guy said he saw is he saw a polar bear. That's it. That's all. Saw. That was the End of it. Everybody just got away with It. Me and you, me and you both. We always saw. And then Dr. Clay. Clay came to her census. 'cause Dalton had seen the town and everybody lived happily ever after.


Yeah. And he pulled, he pulled, I'm pretty sure Dr. Clay's related to the gentleman that he was renting the house from. Favorite scene. I think the shotgun finale is fantastic. The throat rip scene is great. Yeah. We already talked about the tai chi scene. I honestly, I just like that first scene in the actual like dee double dee the double deuce. It's a good thing just showing all the havoc and just the fucking village idiots that are in there every night. Just drinking the fucking drinking out the tap. Dude, it was, I mean it was hilarious. Oh. gosh, That is so good. All right, let's give it a PFF grade score from one to 10 on cinematography.


All right. Cinematography. Cinematography Mean. It's Definitely dated. You know, it's, it is, it's 89 movie but I like the scenes I like the sets. I'll go, I'll go, I'll go seven and a half. You're tough. I'll give it a eight. I enjoyed it Acting. I mean, I would not say that this is a good acting movie dude. I was telling you As, as great as it is and maybe the bad acting is part of the reason it's great. I'm gonna give the acting a five. Don't, I'm gonna give it a five. Give you absolutely no emotion at all. Until, until I forget. Until like Wesley actually started to like ruin like people's like livelihoods.


I think you're right on that. So what are you going, is it lower than a five? It was, the acting's really Bad. The fight scenes are awesome though. The fight scenes are great. I do love the fight scenes. I give it, it's like hilarious. I'll give it a, I'll give it a six. I'll give it a six. Alright. Directing. I mean a 10. It's absolutely hilarious. It's not supposed to be funny, but I can't help it. It's like it's not, it's not. But it is, The reason it's a 10 is it's just like everything is Max for what the movie is. It's one of my favorite scenes of the entire movie is when he throws the knife in the fucking, the ACCELERATOR in the car. Yes. Yes. The the the gas pedal throws the knife in the gas pedal.


Yeah. And the car goes straight for like a half a mile. Yep, yep, yep. And then on top of that, not only does it go up a ramp, but it starts, turns, turns over and it fucking Fire. It comes out Of it like it was explode. Exploded. Well that's because the guy with the shotgun shot the, the fuel tank. That's what it was supposed to happen. Like it was like a, like a shooting clay. That's what I'm was just, it just Such just, alright. Somehow we have to have a car going in the air. That was like the eighties. Like, all right, let's do it. Bring it in the, bring in the, the blow up car. Like between the lines.


I mean I know that's writing, but like the directing, like the way everything came together and the just complete hodgepodge of masculinity combined with like sexuality combined with just, it was just, it's fantastic. Did you know the director's name is literally rowdy? No, That's great. All right. Rowdy Harrington. Shout out to Rowdy Harrington. Man. I'll say plot. I think the plot is low. I think the plot is high. I do, I I think, I think this was a very, very creative plot. I don't think this is like, I, that's why I think the movie has been recreated is because the plot of like a guy going in and saving a bar from its fucking Saving a town Than saving a town.


It's Like I. Don't know. Maybe I'm, maybe I'm silly, but I just think that that's not, that's not like your typical like action movie. I think it's pretty typical action. It's all go plot. But I do, I mean you're right. I don't know. It could, the plots falls in love with the doctor. Like If, it wasn't done in such like an absurd way. Yeah. It's not like this is like a cop A cop going in and like getting out dirty cops and like, like they don't bring the police in this thing at all. It's just literally like cross town like warfare. Yeah. If. you take the throat, rip out all the absurdity of it and it's just the bare bones plot to it. Like a bouncer comes in. He helps fixing up a establishment, ingratiates himself to a community and starts to slowly find out that there's an underground set of bad guys that are really hurting the city.


And he helps the city muster up the strength and courage to fight back and resist that. All right, fine. You convinced me. I'll go eight un plot. Eight un plot. Nice. I'll go a solid eight with you just 'cause I convinced you. Character development, Dude, again, another one of those like, like I said earlier, like that first half of the movie he gives you less is more. And like that's the thing. Those are like the things that I, I I, I was being told as like getting into like the acting world I like less is more. Don't do, that's what I told you. Don't a lot, we don't need, we need this. Don't do a lot this, we don't need you to be, you know, Denzel Washington or like Leonardo. Like you don't have to be the best at this.


All right. Less is more. Feel the scenes out. And that's exactly what Swayze's doing in the beginning. He's giving you absolutely just one line, one word answers and one word lines, no emotion. So good straight face. And then by the end of it he's just a out of control. Just like a trained killer. He was the absolute trained killer in showing so much emotion that he couldn't control it. That's Really what the story ends up being about. This story is about like you can only take so much like, you know, turn the other cheek, but eventually you gotta stick up for yourself. You gotta put your foot down, you gotta fight back at some point. And he, Dalton does a great job of holding back as long as he can.


And this community has been bullied and taken advantage of for so long. Yeah. Anyways. Character development. I just don't know. I mean Dalton's character, he is got like PTSD from a previous throat rip. I just thought he'd be bigger than what he was. Do You know how many times I can? I was, I have been said that my entire career whenever I meet somebody else, Every time I'm getting sized up from fucking everyone my entire career Thought you'd be bigger. Yeah. Go fuck yourself. Try and guard me 1 0 1 Jesus. So my wife says, all right, character development. I enjoyed it. Gimme a seven. Fine. Yes, we gave you guys all reviews.


Hold up. That's a P fff grade of 7.8. I think that's a pretty solid p fff Grade. It's pretty solid. Yeah. What did we give torture? I mean not George, what did we give? I think you got a 80 pants. I Think it got an 8.2 or something like that. Maybe We fucked this up. You're being too nice. I blame Jason. Well one Of them is actually trying to be like a good film. This is just a freaking Dude's movie. It's a great movie. It's so good. Alright, letterbox reviews from the Greek Creek. I used to guys The Greek geek. The Greek geek. I can, we can't keep saying this line but I'm gonna repeat it one more time. I used to guys like you in prison is the eighties version of I eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast.


Okay. So I'm not the only one who thought That. Nope. There's a banger. Alright from David Chen. When people talk about how movie executives in the eighties were doing excessive amounts of cocaine. This is the kind of film these executives, this Is very accurate. This is very good take by David Chen. All right. Do you think we could get away with the throat being yanked out of another human being? That's a very good take, David. All righty. From Ian West eighties Bar Western with a hell of a first act, then shit starts exploding. Silver Fox Sam Elliot shows up and during a showdown, the villains henchman says, I used to I like you in prison moments before getting his throat ripped out by Patrick Swayze.


Sounds like at least four stars To me. That's what I'm seeing. We need to bump that PFF grade up to at least a eight. Well, What is a letter box? What is four stars? It's four stars. The most you can get out of five. So I mean four stars outta eight is an eight. Four stars outta five is an eight outta 10 So, we You're pretty much right. Logic on board with where David is. We need to bump this up to an eight. That's what I said. Nice. All right. Either way, we're pretty close. I like Our score. I Think. It's fair. Would I recommend this movie? Yes, absolutely. I Could. I would recommend this to a man. I would not recommend this to a woman. I would recommend it to a woman. If, you wanna understand how men think good movies go If.


You wanna get to the root If, you If you recommend it With that attached to the recommendation, then yes, I would recommend this to everyone. If. you wanna understand men more? Watch Roadhouse. It's so fucked up. But it's so true. Like even the love story with Dr. Clay, like there's not like any type of substance put to it. She's just really good looking and she takes care of 'em a little bit. Like that's the extent of it. Yeah. I mean he reads and that that that'll, that'll help you out. If, you read and you do yoga. He's a gentleman. He's, he's very chivalrous. There you go.


And that Does it for New Heights Film Club, brought to you by BURGER KING.


All right. And that wraps up another episode of New Heights.


That's right. We will be taking more of your voicemails in our Wondery Plus episode, dropping tomorrow. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. Yes sir. Reminder, you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and at free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wonder Rehab on Or. on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by way of sports and entertainment and brought to you by NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv Right. now you can get that Thanksgiving sale price at just $89 for the rest of the season at youtube.com/nh. There we go. Offer ends, December. Second terms and embargoes do apply. Watch out for those embargoes Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. And thanks to our production and crew as always, for making us look so much better than we are. Please save us. Please do that. We're, we're gonna Need your help this week. We're really bad. 92 Percenters. As always, thanks for tuning in. We'll see you guys after a little week. 13 Football, happy Thanksgiving. Yeah, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The L season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup for today's sponsor, SeatGeek. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. you can get 10% off any ticket on SeatGeek with the code. You guessed it. New Heights. And that works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis and the Chiefs play. You name it, save yourself some money, open the SeatGeek app and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's right. It does not matter. Once again, that's code New Heights for 10% off.