
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, Jason early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, you Know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, Boris head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey Don't even be started on their ever roasted chicken. The craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going to extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some boar head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm some Shep fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy. Then mayonnaise, a healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with. Boris Head has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years from selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, Boar's head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured, ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head to Your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind every bite. Boris Head committed to craft since 1905.


Thank you to our partner, the farmer's dog. Hey, you know what time it Is? Dog time. It's time for a fresh approach to dog food. And that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These guys Have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking to real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's be honest, traditional pet food is super processed, and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They Handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on a specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve, and boom, your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and Happy. The best part, they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus, they got real people available 24 7 for customer support, because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. True. You get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights Jason. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights Jason to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights. Jason, back to the orcas.


I am an orca. That's my, like, spirit animal is the most epic show of all time. Dude, You can't praise the Orca show anymore. We probably can't keep any of this, but I, I still remember from the movie Ace Ventura again, I, Again, again, I would have a recurring nightmare where I was in that like dark room that Ace Ventura was In And I just under the water and then an orca came outta nowhere. It would always Oh dude. Every time. Yeah. No, that's terrifying. Yes. Hold. I wake up right before the orca ate me. Oh, thank gosh. The show is epic. What other shows are good that we saw before they got just like, yeah, you can't do that anymore. I guess football.


You can't just, We're we're the orca of the NFL. Like, they just like, Hey, how about we don't let that safety just decapitate that receiver. But it's what everybody likes. I don't, we just love, That's what they people want. He's doing it for Gatorade. I don't know anything.


Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls. A Wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by DRAFT KINGS. That's right. DRAFT KINGS. DRAFT KINGS. Nice. The Crown is Yours. We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kelce, my big brother. Jason Kelsey.


Yep. Alga Lake fans. I'm so jealous. Hopefully It's bringing it back. Golly. That place was epic when we were kids outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Northeast Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alum. Shout out to all the cats. Subscribe on YouTube. One three plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We got another amazing episode for All United Two is tuning in. We've got some fan votes we need your help on. Ooh. Maybe get a little out of the house with everything we missed from the NFL schedule last week when we were dropping the fits and whip. Jason's been out of the house this summer. He is out of the house.


Maybe we, we started out of the house and you were like, eh, dick, why the fuck are we talking about this shit? I don't know. I was, I was And then you got out of the house and now there's something to talk about. Yeah, I mean, I was out of the house recently. I was not out the house at all for about a month or two right after the season with the new baby and everything. But good point. We're we're getting back out there. Now we're having some fun. And we're also gonna get to the much weighted for movie review of the Childhood Classic, The Sandlot Classic. So make sure you get ready. You're popcorn. That's right. Make sure you're seated Or Caffeinated Or moving around with some headsets on whatever you do to listen to this podcast.


We're driving a vehicle. Yeah, there you go. Not really paying attention. Whatever it is you're doing. Thanks for tuning in and we got a good one for you Right now.


But we are Of course, first going to get a little bit of that new news. New News. New News is brought to you by American Express.


We've been nominated Kids Choice Award for favorite podcast. Ooh, I'm not gonna lie, Trev, I am so jealous of the blimps that you have had in the background of your sets from time to time. Been fortunate, man had some big games on a lot of the Nickelodeon broadcast. Man, If we win this award, do we get a blimp? Is that how that works? Is that what this is? Either that or Slime. I'm not sure. I haven't won a Kids Choice if I won. I don't think I've won. You've definitely won a Kid Choice award. I don't know if I've won one. I might have been up for one, but I don't think I've won a Kid's Choice award. Gosh. I just want, I just want a blimp. If I can get one of them. Nickelodeon bli. If we get one, can I at least put it in my house?


Can I put the It's all yours, dude. I, because You Already got 'em. It's all yours. Unless Brandon wants it. And I think, I think No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. All what about, alright, Jake. Jake. No, No. Jake, I I I think I would really appreciate It. You're, but Nicks are thriving Right now. Jake's in a great place. He Is in a good spot. Him and He's in a good Spot. Him and Ben still. I've just been waiting to see Jake outside of a Knicks game. Absolutely hammered. You know the street interviews? They do. Oh Yeah. Jake is just on there just motherfucking every other city. Dude, I'm so fucking go Fuck Cleveland. And I just want to catch him. Just Wanna catch him. I'm, I'm happy for the Knicks in the Middle of the act. I am happy for the Knicks, but I am so upset This ERs it's contagious.


I'm just like, this was such a great year. Like, man, it Hurts. It hurts Jason. As much as the Sucks watching Jason Tatum going down, it's like, oh my gosh. Like, it's all just like right there. And the Pacers just fricking listen. Shout out to the Pacers. They played a great series. Yeah. The Cavs. Ah, You already know I'm a fan of Indianapolis, fan of New York too. I think it'll be a great series. It'll be fun. And shout out to the Cavs man. You guys are still gave the city of Cleveland a lot to cheer for this year. So no doubt. And the, the future's looking real bright. Speaking of a bright future, we are up for a Kid's Choice Award for favorite podcast. We're up against the Laugh Out Loud p podcast. This ERs gonna be hard to beat. Sounds like it's funny. Are You Afraid Of the Dark?


I don't know if the podcast Dude, I used to Love those books. Those books Used to, those books Used to be, yeah. No, no, no. That, that was Goosebumps. Are You Afraid Of Dark? It was the TV show That was a, I think there were books too. No, I don't know. I thought Are You Afraid Of Dark? Is was the TV show, which it was. I was afraid of the Dark. 'cause I used to fucking watch those and turn it off before it got too scary. One of those I remember growing up, it was like a clown, like the kid was on the swing set and then the clowns showed up outta nowhere. It, I mean, I was still terrified to this day. I was never big on clowns. Dude. They're pretty scary Bozo. He was terrifying. Bozo the clown. What about Bo was the one that was on in Living Color.


All right. I'm in on that clown though. In living Color. Dude, great. Shout Out. Hold me the cloud. Yeah. Shout out to the Waynes brothers. Well, I guess we'll find out. Yeah, we're gonna find out. Please go. And 92 Percenters. I would listen. I I want a blimp. Okay. I need a blimp. I don't, I've always wanted, I I've always wanted a piece of Agro Craig. Okay. And it's never happened. This is the Closest Is not gonna happen. This is the closest I'm ever gonna get to rag legends of the Hidden Temple pendant. Like anything remotely close to my childhood of winning something from Nickelodeon. This is the only thing I'm ever gonna have a chance to get. Please, for the love of God, vote for us.


Nick Colon, if we win, give him, throw him some slime. I want to see him get slime by. I want slime. I don't want Slime by his girls. I'm not interested in slime. I want him to get slimed by his, his girls, please. I don't, I don't have any interest in the slime. Travis is also nominated for favorite male sports star. Another kid's choice board. Well, how about this? If you win this one, then you can keep that bli, but you're up against some stiff competition. Patrick Mahomes heard of that guy before. Yeah. Little Stephan Curry. Jason Tatum, loud, messy. Jalen Hertz. Shhe. O God. I love this photo. Shhe. It's like a, That is the most Nickelodeon version of Shhe Otani ever. I mean, it looks like, I don't, it looks like a prom photo or something.


I don't even know what's going on in this photo. He's a, he's happy. Set him a buck right there. He he Is, but the, the, the head the Alright. LeBron James and then Of course Travis Kelce. Listen, a lot of great choices in this one. Yeah. One Tough to know. Look. Doesn't look like he should be there. All right. Here we go to vote for Any of the, oh, you won this. You won this last year. You have won a kids choice of award. You won favorite male sports star last year. Well, I didn't get a blimp, so, so can You, can you go back to bat? I didn't get a blip. So You didn't get a blip. What Did you get it Doesn? It doesn't look like. I don't, I think I got a tweet. Think they tweeted me.


They might have ga got me something else. I don't know. I was, they probably gave You a blimp, Travis. You and I Was in, I was in moving around and shit. Yeah, we'll go with that. Yeah. I got nothing else to add. I, I will say, I don't think favorite podcasts should receive a sliming, but I do think the favorite male sports star is sufficient enough to be slimed. I'm surprised you haven't been to the Kids' Choice Awards. Man. You Can go, this is an actual event. Oh yeah. This is like the Oscars for kids. Where's it held at? I would assume out in la I think that's where I was. You went, you've been to the Nick Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards. I think I've been to the Kids Choice Awards.


I'm pretty sure I won a, I won an event there. Was it favorite male sports? No, no, no. Like they do competitions. Like, Like what? Like I was pulling a bus full of kids Pull, pulling a bus. Do they have Agro Craig? I didn't see Agro Craig. It's If It, if they got the Agro Craig, There's a bunch of slime. My, the, what I got for winning the event was at the end I pulled a bus faster than somebody else. It would, I got to do the, the slip and slide the, the slime slide. Slime slide. So you run as f you can, and then you jump and you slide down and you get slimed.


Did you do this in a, in a full suit? No, they gave me some. I did. I brought an extra pair of clothes. Oh, that's smart. Yeah. All right. Well the ceremony is June 21st in Santa Monica. But before that, please vote on at least New Heights. Jason is the favorite sports podcast. It's so funny. At the Least, you know, If you want to go above and beyond, vote for Travis Too. We've also been asked to give a huge shout out to the University of Cincinnati Bearcats. That's right. Our mascot. The Bearcat is up for induction into the Mascot Hall of Fame class at 2025.


What? There's a mascot Hall of Fame. Yeah, there is. And he's about to get voted in. So everybody make sure you go to mascot hall of fame.com/ 2025. The vote and vote for our guy. Oh man. There's a lot of good mascots in here that are up for it. Yeah, but our bearcat is a fucking, it's iconic. Listen, I love the University of Cincinnati, but, but yes. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Vote voting ends May 24th. Let's get a win for the cats. Ladies and gentlemen, let's get a win for the cats. Those of you that aren't doing shit Right now, go on your fucking go on your phone.


Go on the computer. Click the link. Vote. Yeah. I didn't know this was a thing. I mean, please. Yeah. Just vote for Cincinnati. 'cause who gives a shit Right. The things you do for your alma mater. Let's keep this fucking thing Going. That's new news brought to you by American Express Tramp. Let's get to these fan mentions. Fan mentions first fan mention Will Compton. Yeah. Busted with the boys. He's called us out. Trev, He's, he's called us out also. University of Nebraska Alumni Nebraska. Cincinnati. That's right. The Cincinnati Bearcats take on the Nebraska Corn Huskers at beautiful Arrowhead Stadium.


Yeah. In Kansas City, Missouri. How about that? And Will decided to tweet this. Would hate to beat your teen's ass on your home field in Arrowhead. You son of a bitch. You're getting a piss hot will. It's a very Will Compton tweet. Very much of his style. It's such a good one. He's, he is one of the best on social media. God damn. He is a good follow. It's fucking on like Donkey Kong motherfuckers. That was an aggressive way to say it. It's all night. Donkey con Fickle at Nebraska. Wisconsin. Wisconsin, Wisconsin. Yep. That's Absolute. I always get Wisconsin and Nebraska mixed up. Yeah. Just a bunch of you hear that. Will you hear that? Will he gets it mixed up because there's no difference.


It's just a bunch of white guys in Red Jerseys running around. I don't know. I it's, And a bunch of corn. Just a bunch of corn and cheese curds. I think we're, you're only referencing Wisconsin Right now. No corn Huskers. That's right. That's right. That's Right. And no, I don't wanna shit on Nebraska. Big, big fan of Nebraska. I'm excited About this. Dude. It is pretty incredible neutral field. I mean, it's not gonna be neutral. It's gonna be a lot of Nebraska fans there. But regardless, little Corn, Husker, the Bearcats are playing in Arrowhead is gonna be awesome. It's a freaking, one of the most electric stadiums in the NFL now is gonna host one of the first games of the college football season.


And our Bearcats, dude, our Bearcats are gonna be playing in this game versus Will's corn. And you know, listen, corn's tough. It's hard to digest it. A lot of the times it's still in your shit. Even when you think you're shitting it out, it's still there. Like didn't even, it's a, it's a tough fibrous vegetable that's tough to really, And Matt rule is really embodying that. Yeah. As a coach over there. And he's got those guys tougher than nails. Dude, If there's one thing I Know. So our cats are gonna have to fucking, they're gonna have to be ready Man. If there's one thing, I know Matt rule is shitting some corn. He is fucking dude. Dude, this is not, that's just uncalled for. He's got The corn Shit called for he's, that's just uncalled for.


We can't, we can't do that. Do you think there's like, when you just like get your piss out, they're like, get your, get your corn shit. No. No. Either Way, the Bearcat, that's a failure. Bearcats are gonna be fighting on the Nebraska corn Us. Are you? Are you going, Dude, I'm there If Yeah, 1000% I'm there. Why wouldn't I be there? It's right there in my backyard. That's A good point. You should be there. Yeah. I wanna fucking, I guess I'm gonna have to make the trip too. This just sounds too electric to miss. My god. Terry Braden is over there on the defensive line. I Can't wait to beat the fuck. Listen, human beings might not be able to digest corn. Human Bess might not be. But you know what? Can a bong, A bong is known for being an expert corn digester.


They're going to eat the shit outta you. Corn husking white guys wearing red uniforms. What is this? Huh? A b turon. That's what the official name of a bearcat is. I believe. Brandon, can we look that up? Ah, damnit. Man. Where was I at the entire time? Benter. I don't even know if that's how you pronounce it. Terron. Gosh, look at how ugly they are. I mean, to each his own. Everyone finds beauty in. If that thing had a number one podcast, I'd be up for Sexiest Bearcat of the year. Look at that ugly fucking thing. Damn. Look at how hideous it is. It's just fear. You're not, you're not showing us anything. It says Benter.


Well, you knew. You learn something new every day. Oh my God. Look at that one's beard. I kind of look like that one. That's a Jason Kelsey Benter. Can you look up and see how good they're at? Digesting corn? Benter Corn digestion. What the fuck is this? Eat Corn. This got so out of fucking life. Look at These fucking things. Eating the corn. Dude, look at this fucking, fucking, you're in fucking trouble. You're so fucked. Will. You're so fucked. We're fucking eating the fuck out corn. Look at That big draw. Eating the fucking corn on the top. Oh baby. Oh baby. This is firing me up. I can't wait. This is Firing Me up.


Will. I can't wait. Shout out to Bus with the boys. Everybody, If you don't follow their podcast, go follow their podcast. For sure. See you boys at tight end you before the season. The season even starts too, man. Hell yeah. And then I'll see you up at Old Arrowhead. Will you know what Arrowhead looks like? Amy, you've been there before. I've seen you there before. Fan mentioned from our March Madness bracket winner. Matt Oliver. For those of you that don't remember, we had a March Madness Bracket Challenge from New Heights. Jason, the winner received a golden cup.


Well, the Golden Cup has finally arrived. And we got a tweet. Got a tweet from Matt Oliver. Big thank you to Jason Kelsey, killer Trav, New Heights Jason Show. And Reese's who for at least who for, I don't know, am I saying this right? Who? For at least one shining moment made me cool with the teenagers. Again, look at this. Gosh, that's a great prize. That is just a bunch of Reese's awesome trophy golden cup. Happy family. Happy cam Life. Get better. I submit that. It cannot. Hell no way, baby. Congratulations to Matt rocking the reds hat. The blacked out reds cap. Hell yeah. Baby sits in Nanny Red Baby cap.


Cops find your body. All Righty. Congratulations. That does it for fan mentions. Keep tagging us in anything you want us to discuss on the show. Please keep tagging us and let's get into some out of the house. Travis and the Mahomes. Hey, Who Headed out to Vegas for the 15 and the Mahomes Vegas Golf Classic Shadow Creek? Shout out to MGM. Everybody over at the aria. It was a, an amazingly ran shout out to everybody over at Pat Mahomes Foundation. His foundation events have just gotten better and better. It started out in Hawaii on the big island and has made its way over to Viva Las Vegas. And they just keep raising more and more money every single year for the, the underserved communities in Kansas City.


Tyler, Texas, fuck. I forget where Texas Tech is. I always forget that part Of the, it's Lubin Lubbock There. Here we go. There we go. And Lu Lu Texas. Sorry about that. Everybody over at the, the Red Raiders Guns app. It's, it's for a great cause even though it's in Las Vegas and it reels in some, some party with it. It's always a fucking blast. Had my guy Blake Bell out there, little Mitchell Schwartz. Shout up to the Schwartz family. Big rig was out there. Rob Riggle. Nice. Yeah, saw. Saw a guy Whitworth out there as well. I'm not sure how he played, but Louisiana was well represented and yeah, it's just always a fucking good time man. And it's for a great cause. That's Awesome man. There's also this clip of you helping raise money for a good cause by running up an auction price for a signed guitar before Running up an auction price.


No, I've put, I put my, what do you call my paddle up? 'cause I wanted it and then I realized, oh, I already have that guitar. Oh yeah. Oh you, oh you realized that afterwards. I like, oh that was the guitar that I had keep The original 10. Yes. And then another 15,000. I just realized I have that one. That's so good. Well done Trav. I Had to get a good look at it. Yeah, no That's Good. You want, you wanna buy the same guitar twice. That's true. You know, no, shout out to everybody that that was a part of that, that foundation event. Everyone at 15, the Mahomes, you guys keep killing it.


Making it better and better every year. Moving on to some, some of what Jason had going on, he had his own foundation event that he was helped leading. Jason was at the eighth annual Eagles Autism Challenge. I was. I was. That's Right. The Kelsey's are heavily involved in that. Raising a record. $10 million in one day. Yeah. Holy smokes. Man. Was a record. Bennett has officially made up with Swoop. That's right. Last year she was a little, little unsure of the mascot. Swoop. Swoop in the hall fame. She was a little upset. A little unsure of Swoop this year. Still a little bit unsure of Swoop but left. Definitely less unsure of Swoop.


There we go. So she we're making progress. We're making progress. Swoop. There you go. Benny Swoop does a great job. I mean it plays it up so well what we could say he right. It's a he. No. Okay. It plays it up really well. It's got great energy, great vibes. I Think it might be even worse. Geez. I don't think we could do it. Got cancel for that one. Damn it. Jason's second double fisting. 5K in this month alone. This guy is literally just knocking out 5K beer miles. He ran the two Bears 5K not even two weeks ago. And here he is chugging a beautiful lime garage beer.


Don't we all just love those? Listen, even when we're running, even when we're all about fitness, fitness, beer in your mouth, Fitness beer in your mouth. I love that. Good job. Yeah. The Garage beer one was from the two Bears. 5K, the one on the bottom. I didn't do the 5K. I actually biked 10 miles for the Eagles Autism Challenge. Oh, okay. Okay. Came in with a very respectable time. I don't know what it was, but I was towards the top. I was very happy with myself. Really? Yeah. So I'm enjoying some beers to celebrate Burning a bunch of calories, You know, I mean, nice. Man, If you can't do that, what's the point of biking? Yeah. And then the, the 5K Actually Bo Allen and I had a race.


You know what the, you know what the beer mile is, right? We already talked about this, right? Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, we tried a beer. 5K Bow won, bow won. You know, you don't really know if those beers are empty, but I'll give it to him. He won. Even though nobody really knows. Yeah. I Think it was a, it was a fun event. Bur and Tom are awesome. The whole city of Tampa had a blast out there. There. Raymond James Stadium. And then the Eagles always do it right For the Eagles Autism Challenge. If there's one thing to celebrate after you've just done something, a physical achievement, you drink beer afterwards. Right. Sometimes you drink beer during it too. Know Unless you're trying to get gains, But yeah. Well what would, what am I trying to gain? Travis? Travis. I'm retired. That's a good point. That's why you drink beers. That's your thing. Yeah.


Yeah. We're not, I'm not, I'm not going. I'm competing with nobody. Yeah, you're competing with somebody. 'cause you were excited that you were in the upper, upper half. I will ask this though. Why the hell doesn't New Heights Jason have their own 5K or their own charity golf outing? What are We doing here? Think This ERs a great question. This is a great question. Why does that have to be a charity golf outing? Can't we just do like a legit golf outing? Because we wanna raise money for the kids. We don't want to just keep all our money. Why does that have to be for the kids? Why can't it be for Grown Adults? For The, yeah, there you go. That that run a podcast maybe, brother. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad. My bad player. I respect it. Always Good for doing something with Kids. Them kids.


Oh my bad. Don't say That. Don't say that. Listen, I'm in other than doing another 5K, do you wanna do a beer 5K or should we just do an event? The beer 5K Jason? No, I don't want to do anything. 5K? No, No, No. Do you wanna just like announce your participation in it and then you can just walk it? No, I'd rather just do a golf outing. Okay. We can do a golf outing. That sounds way more fun. I, I've, I've been wanting to do this. I wanna do a golf outing, but I like the team aspect. But like you don't like the teams? Nope. Hate it. All right, cool. We should also do a Billy Madison style academic decathlon. This is more our speed. I Mean on anything Bi Billy Madison style.


I mean we, we can even get a penguin there just running around. Have you seen the movie Penguin lesson? Penguin lesson? No. What's that about? Or Lessons of a Penguin. Is that the one where it's like the, they follow like the penguins around? No, the penguin follows him around because he saves it. No, I haven't seen this one. It made me want a penguin. That's for damn sure. Yeah. I guess we will start thinking about a New Heights Jason Golf outing or 5K or charity or some type of academic decathlon. Just a good old Billy Madison. Yeah. There we go. I like That. Shout out to the Sandman. A lot of options. Let's do it. What Kind of events would you guys wanna do? What kind of events do the 92 Percenters?


Maybe that's a good way to just think about this. Yeah, please hit us with it. That'll be good for our live shows


Anyways. Thank you to our partner. DRAFT KINGS basketball fans. It's win or Go home time. The NBA conference championships are here and the intensity is off the charts. Every possession matters and there's still time to get in on the action with our partner DRAFT KINGS Sports book. Here's the deal. New customers can bet just $5. And if your bet wins, you'll score $300 in bonus bets. That's right. Pick your side, pick your bet and get ready to cash in. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and sign up using promo code New Heights. Jason, The Crown is Yours. Stay in on the action and use your $300 in bonus bets on DraftKings. Same game parlays for a shot at even bigger payouts. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. Love the thrill of live betting DRAFT KINGS as you covered bet. Live on endgame eye in progress games right as they happen. That's the definition of live betting. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the DRAFT KINGS Sports book app now. New customers use promo code New Heights. Jason bet. Just $5 on any wage. You gonna get $300 A bonus bets if your bet wins. That's promo code. New Heights Jason, only at DRAFT KINGS Sports Book GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open own or access an advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only must win to share $1 million cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


Thank you to our partner Reese's in their new PB and J cups and strawberry and grape. Now for a limited time only, It sure does sound like the perfect candy combination. These Reese's, PB and J. Some things just sound, you know, like they're a perfect match. The Only question is what took 'em so long? Well, better late than never. Reese's PB and J Cups sounds like a complete candy. No brainer. That's right. PB and J'S were a Kelsey household favorite. Reese's Kelsey household favorite. So these things clearly a Kelsey Household favorite. So get in on the greatness of not just one, but two at Reese's PB and J Cups in both strawberry and grape. Mm. You get a little bit of both right there. Decide which one you love the most. Love that. Or just fall in love with both Of them. It's perfectly okay to do that, but get 'em while you can because they're here for a limited time. Only. Reese's s new PB J Cups. What your jam Found wherever candy is sold.


Now a moment brought to you by American Express. Ooh hoo. Jason, who would you ever want to just invite to dinner? Who? Yeah. Who would you ever want to invite to dinner? I'd invite anybody as long as it's good food. There You go. Do you have a go-to cuisine? I'm game for whatever. Nice. Well that's perfect because with Amex Platinum you can, you can fucking buy whatever That's the best. You get access to global dining access by resi when you add your platinum card to your resi profile. Love that. You can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations open up. Ooh. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex. Nice.


Let's talk some football, baby. That's right. Schedule updates. Since we last recorded, we got to look at the, the rest of the 2025 chief schedule. That's right. We're, we're gonna be on a bunch of fucking primetime games, playing on Sunday soccer, two on Monday, one on Thursday. And this season opener against the Chargers is on a Friday night. And beautiful Sao Paolo, Brazil. Can't wait to get down there and see all the Brazil fans and how they get rocking for some American football. Man, I was about to say, by the way, we heard everyone from Brazil apparently, so. Apparently September in Sao Paulo is not hot. So we don't have to worry about that.


Let's go. We're we were assured there are a lot of Brazil fans that I think we're under the impression that we don't like international games. I think I speak for Travis and I, we both love international Games. Please sign me up. Sign. Don't get me wrong, I love playing in Arrowhead and love playing in America. But yeah, I, I'm down with at least one or two international games. Get me out of this country. I wanna play in front of some, some new fans. Man, We just don't like heat. This thing. I'm, I'm wearing two shirts Right now. I have, and it's all, it connects, it connects to here and then the back. And then I'm just, I'm a furry son of a bitch. So I, me and heat just don't do well together. So I apologize If it came off as that. I'm not excited about this.


I'm still excited. I'm just gonna be doing some wardrobe changes throughout the game. Yeah. And I think I, I would mentioned something about Sao Paulo not being my favorite city. Did I mention that? I think you said you liked Rio more because of the, the World Cup experience. Well, I went to four cities when I was in, when I went to the World Cup in 2014, I went to Rio Brasilia Brasilia is, or gorgeous architecture. Rio is like obviously just an incredibly beautiful city. It's Rocking. Yeah. Bella Horizonte was awesome as well. I mean, I just listen, if we're going objectively from beauty Olos just a bunch of concrete, I'm not gonna lie, but I have heard everybody's reactions on the internet.


That's so unfair. Everybody's, they're gonna, they're already gonna be mad at me again. I've heard everybody's reactions. Everybody's like Sao Paulo's got a lot of culture in, in their defense. I only spent one day in Sao Paulo and did nothing but went to a soccer game. So I didn't get to experience the city at all. Who'd you see play there? Do you remember? Oh My gosh, I don't remember which game I saw in Sao Paulo. My favorite game was in Bella Horizonte. We saw Brazil play Chile in the round of 16 where Brazil won in penalty kicks. And they were saying like, do you Remember any, any soccer player from that game? Namar. What? You gotta see Namar Play live. Absolutely. It was awesome. Kelsey name our play live. I forget the Chile player that was there. He was having a really good world cup.


But I do remember distinctly thinking how much better at like watching soccer Brazilians were than like Americans. You go to the World Cup as an American and they're like, I believe that we can win. I believe that we can win. It's like, yeah, what the fuck are we Here for? We can get that rocking. What? You can get that rocking though. You can get that. That thing gets rocking. That Is the fucking most looser mentality chant I ever heard in my life. No, but it was back in 2015. That was the fuck it was fucking, it was the shit. Listen, I Did it. I'm an American at the game. I'm gonna do it. But I felt like a complete loser saying like, I think that we can win. I believe that. Like what the fuck you're acting like so you're saying that there's people that don't believe it. I it was just a weird fucking chant.


It's like this is just a, it's a fucking shitty chant. And then I Able gimme in Brazil. Gimme in Brazil. In Brazil. I don't remember it exactly, but they're saying something like Chi chi le le le and like, and I was like, oh, and I, we asked one of the Brazilians, I goes, what does that mean? And they said, we came here to fuck chill. And I was like, yeah, they're better at it. They're better at it than theyre, there's a different level of we're here to fuck shit up from the Brazilians than there is from the u the, it's just the USA soccer is just a little bit too nice. And like, you know what I'm talking about Travis? You know exactly what I'm talking about. There Was a, there was a interview with Latan Ibrahimovich and he, they were asking him like, which like city he enjoyed the most or like which fan base he enjoyed the most or something like that.


Yeah. And he, he referenced one of the teams he played for one of the cities he played for was like, they had like a specific chant after the first time he scored about him like being a god and like just being the fucking man And they just sung that the entire time he was there. He was like, yes. That's pretty fucking epic. I mean USA obviously we got U-S-A-U-S-A, which is like just the epic awesome chant, awesome ev everybody hates it probably. Which makes me even love it that much more. I just think we, we have so many great things that we could be chanting rather than I believe that we Like, I don't know. I'm out on it. I'm out on that chant so much. It was good. It was good back then.


Like you go To like watch like soccer hooligans. You watch soccer hooligans like in England and they're just talking shit. They're singing songs about talking shit. The sons of Ben in, I think it's Sons of Ben in Philadelphia for the MLS team. They're fantastic. I would expect Philly to have some good chance. It is here. It, the songs are here in the US The national team just needs to take you to another level one. I think that that's part of the reason why our national team is a good, We're trying, we're starting to, we're too nice. We don't Have the mentality we came here to fuck you guys. That's the mentality needs to be not like I think that I could win. We'll, we'll fuck You. Like do you know how much of a different mentality is it is than to go to a game and be like, oh I think that I can win.


I believe in myself. Or it's like I came here to fuck shit up. It is just an entirely different level of like, like gravitas in Brazil. I'm just being honest. Yeah, well I mean And I think that that's why they, and I think that that's why they beat us. We need the mentality of the US soccer team to be like what some of these other countries we just do. And it can't, it can't be. I believe that we can win. It needs to be I believe that we can fuck you up. I believe that we can't fuck you. Oh I, that's what the chance should be. Hi Bobby. Let me lead the chance next year the, the World cup coming to Philly World Cup.


Coming to Philly. I'll lead the chance. I got it this time. Us go USA Don't do that. You can't do that. That was great man. Way to fucking send it. You went full. You went full send there. That was great. What Is it? Red fish, blue fish white fish. Two fish. One fish. Two fish. Alright. I don't even fucking Know. Goldfish bronze fish. What is this? I don't know where you're going with this. I Was trying to think of a word that rhyme but fuck and I couldn't get it. I'll work on it. It'll be good though. We'll get some good ones. Yeah. Jason will be the mascot for the American soccer team. I'm not a mascot, I'm just, I just wanna lead the, the, the song section.


Or at least go be a part of coming up with chance that better reflect the boy culture of USA. There we go. There we go. Alright, let's get up back on track here. Shout out to everybody down in Brazil. Can't wait to get down there. Sorry If it came off as as I'm not excited because I am. Oh, I'm doing so I am. So we got a huge challenge with the Los Angeles Chargers baby. Yeah, So we, we got a bunch of primetime games and then we don't play in the same slot in consecutive weeks until mid-December. So that'll be fun. Gotta make sure you check the, the old schedule Travis so you're not late to the game. Is it hard to find a routine when the game day changes so much week to week?


No, the routines stay the routines depending on when you play, you just slot it in on either like a different day. That is, If you play on a short week on like a Saturday or a Friday, you just push up what you gotta get done a few days and then vice versa. If it's a longer day then you just get more rest and then you just jump in when the, when the time is right. But no, I don't, I don't find it hard at all. Love it. I don't know. I don't have anything else to add. Yeah, I mean I'm a fan of playing on all sorts of different days. Yeah. It changed my routine up man. I am, I like, I like to have like a new fresh routine or You know, I like to have, I like when it becomes like redundant.


It's just the same, you know, same day, same time shit can get fucking boring man. Yeah. I think and I'm also just a fan of playing on more primetime times. Like that's when I'm watching TV and I like it when football's on the television. So let's keep putting good football games on television when everybody's watching. I mean, I think it's just good for the game. Let's keep taking over all the holidays we're taking over Thanksgiving, Christmas, NBA. You're fucked. You're never getting that back. I mean it's, it's, it's the way it's Yeah. Are the Chiefs now officially America Scene? Well, I mean listen, the Cowboys aren't, did you see what happened to this Cowboys fan? I don't even wanna say this. Yeah dude, he he switched it up man.


Yeah, this Is such, can I just say, this is such a Cowboys fan thing to do. Dallas, the city of Dallas is gonna fucking kick you in the balls. It just makes sense. I see, I hear where you're coming from. Well The problem is like this guy probably, I don't know, he probably isn't from Dallas. He's probably just a guy that like was a fan of Dallas, Grew up around the nineties, late eighties and Ireland. Early Nineties. Yeah. And they were just really good. Or he grew up like thinking hey this is the popular team to pick and he picked them and then he had it tattooed across his entire back. Like it's the coolest thing in the world. And then he is like, oh these guys suck. How can I get a cool team on my back? Just be loyal to us baby. Just be loyal to us. Listen.


We'll we'll preach you right over here in Chief King. We'll we'll make it so you'll never have to cover up that Chief's logo. Dude, by The way, shout out to the tattoo artist that was able to cover this up very well. But yeah, I don't know. I don't know if they're Americans team. I think Philly Philly's building up a big contingency. Really what happens, I guess when you're really good people just start liking your team. Yeah. So I'm kind of out on just the whole America's team. I will say this, I don't give a fuck about that shit. I Don't think anybody wants to be America's team other I be Kansas City. Exactly. I wanna be the Chiefs man. That's how I Wanna be. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm With you on that. I be the big bad chiefs. Come join If you want. But America's team. No, we're Kansas City. I'm cool. I'll love the boys can have that if they want 'em.


Yeah. Any other thoughts on the schedule? I will say Eagles fans are finding out what Chiefs fans and Chiefs the Chiefs have had to deal with the last couple years. I think Eagles play on every day other than two days this year. They're on a lot of primetime television games. I mean it's just what happens when your team's really good. Who doesn't wanna see? It's, it's A badge of Our Dylan Hurts. Saquon Barkley who plays some football? Man It electric. It's a of honor electric. Yeah. Yeah. Is it harder? Yes, a hundred percent. You're gonna have to figure it out. No, it's not any harder than Travis the regular schedule. We're having a fucking blast. I played in three games in 11 days last year wasn't you wasn't that much harder.


I think it's, it's definitely harder. And you're also playing better teams when you finish first, you're gonna play the best teams in the A FC and the NFC of those respective conferences. Like that's Reality. That's reality. You just, it's, It's gonna be a hard schedule. And the Eagles have a tough one. It's also constructed oddly in some ways. But I'm excited about it. I'm excited how much they'll be on prime time and I get to see the boys suit up so. Oh Yeah, well you get to see 'em suit up Chiefs and Eagles games too. Maybe I about to say you get to see us suit up against him in week two. Those Super Bowl rematch man. Is that in Casey or Feeling in Kansas City? I believe in Kansas City.


Yep. In Arrowhead. We also got the Monday night football schedule. We open up Vikings at Bears in week one. Gonna be fun after Caleb Williams basically told everybody he wanted to be drafted by the Vikings Lions at Ravens Chiefs At the Jaguars. How about it baby? Let's go man. Little week. Five Commanders of Chiefs. That'd be a good one. That was one thing I'm not happy with the Eagle schedule. The Eagles and commanders are like, are probably the two front runners to win the division and they play each other like twice in the last like four games or something like that. Like it's something crazy where like it's, What's wrong with that? I just wish that there was a game in the earlier part of the season. Then there's a game at the end of the season.


I don't like when especially those games are gonna come down to be like very like pivotal for the division and then it's gonna be able to swing. Yeah. So put them, put them at the end of the year when they're pivotal for the division. No, you put one at the end of the year. You don't, if the Washington sucked at the beginning of the year and then all of a sudden they win the last two games against the Eagles. I think that's bullshit. Or vice versa. You're such, I'm just Being honest. I think it's, it's a weird way to like what if somebody's hurt at that point in the season but they're gonna be healthy for the clips. It's football. I'm just saying I like it when it's spaced out more. If you wanna put us against the giants late in the year. 'cause nobody really expects 'em to be very good. That's fine. But like to have that kind Kind of, I Think it's harder. I Think it's harder to schedule these things than you think.


I think you're probably right, but I also think that I have the right to complain about it. It is tough playing a team like twice in like three weeks. So I'll give you that. That's hard, right? I've done it before. That is not a fucking easy feat. I also got two Eagles games that are gonna be on Monday night. Excited about that. We're at and week 10 and at the Chargers. Ooh. Both away. Damn. We couldn't get the Eagles a home fucking Monday night game. I think they saw the last home Monday night game and they were like, yeah, Kelsey was a little bit too, we got, you can almost, We can't Let 'em go back to Philadelphia. Like they almost blew Dumpty's knee out like Fucking hilarious.


They're like, yeah, that's not good for our tv. We're gonna get away from this. That was hilarious. That was well well put. All right, well we got some, some rule changes about to be voted on Jason. Yeah. Yeah. Proposed rule change. The last thing, by the time this airs, they will have come to a conclusion on some of this stuff. The NFL owners are having an annual spring meeting in Eagan, Minnesota. Hey baby. Beautiful Minnesota. It's probably gorgeous there Right now. There will be voters on the following. Banning the tush push for the 1000000th time. Yep.


Changing the playoffs seating. That's right. Instead of your division actually mattering during the season, they're just gonna pose to whoever has the best records. It sounds like. The last one is the, the Olympic flag football 2028 debut of flag football in the Olympics is coming up. And we gotta figure out, you know, how involved and whether or not the NF L's gonna allow the NFL players to play and participate in it. Where do we wanna start with this? Do we wanna start with the changing the playoffs seating? Sounds like you're against it. I Why are we playing division? Why the division isn't gonna matter anymore. Well it still determines If you go to the playoffs, it just determines like If you win the division, you're not automatically gonna get a home game in the first round.


I think is is what that means. I thought that was a part of winning the division was like you get that. I Agree and I kind, that's why I'm kind of not in favor of changing it. I think I understand what they're trying to accomplish. Penn's in time out Right now. Benny, are we okay? You don't like the rule change either? You think the division winner should keep their home game right? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I think she thinks that. Benny, do you wanna help out with the rule changes? Come here sweetie. Benny, she might be the smartest 2-year-old ever if she agrees with this. She's probably better at deciding all this stuff than everybody else deciding is Benny.


She's unbiased. What Do you think about the tush push? Should the eagles be allowed to do the tush push? I I Back. You're in time out. Yeah. Yeah. Should the NFL be in time out for proposing banning the tush push? No. Okay. You're not being any fun Right now. Alright, let's just talk about the tush push. What do you think about the tush push? Well I want to, I, let's start with the, I think we Just playoff seat. Tell me, tell me whether you like it or not. I wanna start with the playoff seating. We'll get tush push last playoff seating. I understand when it's like an eight and eight team, how they all of a sudden get a home game versus a team that was, is like 11 and you know, six because they got a wild card spot because somebody else was really good in the division.


But I also kind of like, sometimes those division records are low because the divisions are really competitive and those teams fought each other all year round. I kinda like the way the thing is structured already. I don't like changing things that I think are largely not broken. Like just play the freaking game. I don't know. I, I think it's fine the way it is. I think it's perfect the way it is. Yeah. If, If you want to hire seed, win your division and have the best record. I'm with you on that. Olympic flag football a thousand percent in favor of the owners allowing NFL players to participate 2000%. Like one thing that I think, I think we both probably speak for on behalf of every NFL player, one of the things that has always sucked about football is that there's no way to represent your country.


Well now the flag football will be in the Olympics. There officially is a way to rep represent the country on the largest stage possible. I know that the current USA flag football team has a lot of things to say. I believe, I can't remember the quarterback's name. He has been stated as saying he's better than Patrick Mahomes. I believe that's verbatim. I think we should find Out. He's saying he's, yeah, the, and the style he plays is suited for, it's pretty good for flag football. I mean, listen, I Respect player. I like watching him play. Yeah. I just think he's out of his mind if he thinks he's a better quarterback than Patrick Mahomes, that's fine. Yeah, we'll find out. I think we should actually just play a game and figure out who qualifies to represent the United States of America.


Yeah. Also, If you deet somebody by accident, do you get kicked out of the game? I I, I don't know what the official rules are because If you, but If you strike some fear in them boys Oh, whoops. All of a sudden Yeah. Yeah. Game They game game Twice. Game a little more dicey. Yeah. Rather you Wanna bring, you wanna be the bad boys. You're bringing that Detroit Pistons mentality. Broad street bullies mentality to flag football. Dig. That's what I'm talking about right there. I can dig it. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. I'm a huge favor of this. I think that everybody in the United States wants to see this, or at least the opportunity to compete, to be able to represent your country.


And let's face it, like the, the football is America's game. It's one of the few games that is uniquely American. And the fact that it's gonna be on display in this form, a version of it on the world stage. Yeah. Yeah. Is is awesome. And I think as Americans, we should all want the biggest names that are able to be a part of it. A part of it. And then lastly, obviously there's the tush push, which they are voting on banning. It feels like this is the most legitimate chance it's had since they've been voting on it to be banned. I'll say this, I'm actually going to Minnesota. I was asked What, So there were some things said at the last owner's meeting, essentially saying that some of the owners and coaches hinted that the reason I stopped playing was because of the tush push and that I got hurt on the tush push frequently.


What the fuck? So I'm really just going to, Honestly, what is dad out here telling reporters this? I'm just going to answer any questions people have about my partaking in this play. I really don't. I, and I mean this with all sincerity. I don't care whether it gets banned or not. I think that at the end of the day, this is why you vote on things. And if they vote to ban the tush push, the Eagles are still gonna run quarterback sneak at a very high percentage. 92%. Exactly. They're still, I, we were very successful quarterback. Think before it was tush, the tush push or brotherly shove. And I just think that the players are very good at executing that play in particular.


Is it marginally better with the push? I think so, but I also like if everybody's fed up with it and everybody does feel that it's either a threat to player safety or they wanna go back to the old rule that you can't assist runners, we're, we're all gonna vote on it. I don't wanna like try and persuade, although I do think that like the health thing, there's not any data that suggests that it's less healthy or that it's more unsafe. Matter of fact, I think a regular shorty yardage play is probably more unsafe than a tush push. The assisting the runner has never made sense to me because defensive players are allowed to gang tackle running backs. Why are they allowed to like stop a running back with four defensive players? But I can't help my running back out.


Well, 'cause life isn't fair, Jason. That's A good point. And and that's why somebody's gonna vote on this. And the fairness will be determined by the owners and the committee. But sure. I'm just going to offer any type of, like, if anybody has any questions about the tush push or whether I'm retired because of the tush, I'll tell you this Right now. I'll come outta retirement today. If you tell me, all I gotta do is run 80 tush pushes to play in the NFL. I'll do that gladly. It'll Be the easiest job in the world. And it'll be like 80 some snaps. I think it's, it's, it's the overall ability to play the game and some of the plays that are a lot harder than that. Yeah. To execute. I don't know. I don't, it feels weird going there. I don't even know if I should, but I was invited.


Nah, dude, you're in, you're in. I can't wait to see a picture of you with a fucking poster that says pro tush push. I'm not, listen, I'm okay with it. Keep The push, keep the push. Push my tush. Push my t. Do you think it's weird that I'm going? Should I go? Should I not go? No, I've been going back and Forth. I think this is, this is very, this is very, I think you're doing Philadelphia and the Eagles organization right? By going in here and representing that it's not what people are making it out to be. I think you're doing, I think you're being a good teammate and a good player of the organization or former player. No, Jason, here's I have an honest pitch. You should have all the owners line up and run a tush push.


No, no. This is my job. This is my job. We Be on. Make 'em run it. They'll not, it's fine. It's not a bad idea. Jerry. Good. Under center. Let's run a tush push Right now. You, you and me, Jerry. And let's figure out how dangerous this thing is. Yeah. What? They'll be banned in a heartbeat. Are you kidding me? All right, let's get outta this thing. Can't wait to see what happens in old Minnesota with the the new rule changes.


Thank you to our partner. Kingsford Memorial Day is almost here. The unofficial start of summer. Yeah. Yeah. Time to fire up those grills baby. Kick off the season of outdoor entertainment with Kingsford. Every backyard gathering becomes the perfect celebration. Don't just throw another cook out this Memorial Day. Host a legendary barbecue. Because Here's the thing, that signature charcoal grilled flavor can elevate any outdoor gathering. That's right. The smoky Sr. And unmatched heat of Kingsford turns any party into Flavor Tap. What's on your grilling lineup for Memorial Day? Jason? Almost assuredly we will make burgers, hot dogs and probably ribs, Burgers and dogs can't bait it. Throw some ribs in there. I love It. That's pretty much the go-to in our house. And I will say, I Mean that's the go-to in everybody's house. I would say. I try to outdo Kylie. And Kylie makes better ribs in me. It's embarrassing. Turn your dinner plates into grilling plans with the authentic wood-fired flavor of Kingsford original Charcoal. There we go. Tag Kingsford and share what you're cooking up. They might even hook you up with some epic supplies because with Kingsford, every day is a chance to gather your people and fire up something special.


92 Percenters need energy too. And that's why we got ACCELERATOR to hook it up with another deal. Baby can't go wrong with zero sugars and 100% natural caffeine. Jason, tell 'em what ACCELERATOR is doing for the next few days on Amazon. You can get $4 off any flavor of ACCELERATOR through next Tuesday the 27th. You can stock up on your favorite energy drink by using code four BUCKSOFF. That's right. ACCELERATOR is clinically proven energy that accelerates your metabolism, enhances your focus so you can lock in without the sugar crash. If you're watching on YouTube, check out the link below Travis. Honest answer. What's your favorite flavor Right now? Go. Orange Ice Pop is in my, it's in my taste bud. Right now. It's A solid choice. Solid choice. Run to Amazon and by run, I mean just go onto it on your phone. Just use your fingers and get $4 off your favorite flavor of ACCELERATOR. Using code four BUCKSOFF at checkout until May 27th.


Your dream getaway. Welcome in starts at the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining. Ah, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight to Mexico. Now boarding. Oh, that's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply for more information. Visit American Express dot com slash with amex.


Jason, I think it's time to get to what, you know, one of our favorite segments. Yeah, baby. Yeah, it's time. It's time. How do you can for the New Heights Jason Film Club, can you do like the projector sound?


It's time, the projector time Brought to you by Reese's and their new peanut butter in Jelly Cups for this installment of New Heights Jason Film Club. We are reviewing the cult classic childhood favorite, potentially greatest dare I say, kids movie of all time.


God damn. There were so many good ones in the nineties too, man. I don't know. I don't know. I, I think this'll that up to the definitely Percenters to argue. Yeah, it's up. It's up there. The 1993 Classic. Ooh. 93 was a good year, man. What Happened in nine three? Michael Jordan won his third NBA championship in 1993. Nice, Nice, nice. Well they also released The Sandlot. I don't know. We re-watched it. I love watching kids movies again at a later time. 'cause you think about the movie different, especially being a dad now, I thought about the whole relationship of Smalls and the stepdad and kind of what Smalls was going through in a much different light than I had ever thought of the movie.


But Trav, what were your initial thoughts as an adult, As a parent? Would you ever, like, I feel like, do kids even go outside anymore and like fucking go to the, go to the park and, and play baseball? I used, we used to do that like every, at least once a week. Well, I don't know that we did it once a week, but we did a lot. We would go to Fairfax. Dude, I went to Cord Lenovo and played almost every week. Yeah. It was insane. First Of all, this movie takes place in a different time where parents just let their kids do whatever they want. They just let 'em go outside. And then you said to come back when the street, you had to come back once the streetlights come on. That was the rule When you got a good old ass whooping and we were Around Right.


For kind of the start of that going away a little bit. Like, I think there was a whole scare in the nineties that everybody was trying to kidnap your kids as if anybody wants these fucking things. Nobody wants your fucking kid. What person in their right mind wants a fucking kid. It's the fucking biggest goddamn burden you could, like, if that thing wasn't biologically associated with me, well, I, I would adopt too actually. If I'm, I'm, if I'm being honest, I love kids, But let's be sensitive to the people that actually have gotten their kids kidnapped. Okay. That's fair. That's fair. The best line ever is that Kelsey's saying, kid, they fucking take, they bring you right back.


Yeah, Right. If you got there, they, they bring you right back. I ain't worried about that one. Oh gosh. I just remember the don't take candy from a stranger. Like if anybody comes up to you, offers you candy, don't take it. In my head, I'm like, I'm definitely taking candy. If somebody offers it to me, are you fucking an idiot? I'm definitely taking that Candy, candy. Free candy I'm in. There's definitely a push. I think that scared a lot of parents from letting their kids go out. Dad definitely let us go out, out, but he always knew where we were at. And I don't know If you know this, but I would see him ride his by, he would drive by and he would make sure everything was all right. Every once in a while. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, definitely we could have been kidnapped for sure.


But it was the thought That, the real question is, was he just doing that for us or was that an excuse to get out of the house? Stop at the Wings down the street. He's Gonna go get Some mama's. He's coming back home. Yeah. Don't sweetie, don't worry. I he is. They're all good. They're up at the park. Where'd you get the Wings? So good. I mean, I think it's so good for kids to go out and just play unaccompanied by adults, to be honest with you. Yeah. You grow up. Yeah. And there's so many awesome moments in this movie that it's kind of, I don't know If it would be classified as like a coming of age movie, but it's definitely catches smalls and a part in his life where he is moved into a new city.


He doesn't have any friends. He doesn't have a father figure that's worth a shit. He's got a good group of guys helping him see the light of day, man. His mom encourages to go outside and make friends and the friends make fun of him and bully him a little bit, but boss The best. But Benny tells him like, Hey, fuck those guys, man, whatever. Just go fuck. And like, there's so many positive ways of dealing with like, people making fun of you to like, not having friends. Just go, get out of the House. Get the fuck outta the house, dude. Get the fuck outta the house. You're having a little rough day. Get the fuck out. You're Gonna go find somebody that you're gonna get along with, I promise you just get the fuck out the house. But there's just so many great moments of like positive mental relationships and kind of like how to cope with, you know, maybe, maybe being somebody with a single parent who's now in a new relationship.


And I think that the whole backdrop of baseball is just perfect. Like, like baseball is the sport. I I wrote this down 'cause I I it really stood out more watching it as an adult. Like this whole movie is really about legend, right? The and and the sport of baseball is about legend. Legend, yeah. Because It's so old. There's these stories of like shoeless Joe Jackson in The Bay. Yeah. But part of it, like, the reason it's so much kind of like folklore is because cameras weren't around and like, it's just like word of mouth. Like, dude, all we know about it is some, There's nos no more legends anymore. There's no more legends. Everything's on video, everything Exactly. Every, but like all of these baseball stories and these figures are larger than life.


And then within the movie itself, you have Hercules and the Beast and Wendy Peppercorn, the, the highly sought after. But it's dude don't that you, it'll just, because you watch the movie movie and everybody got on our ass, it'll be Wendy Peppercorn forever And like Benny, the Jet pickling, like it's all just these like larger than life stories and folklore and I don't know, it just like makes you, it, it was so well done with the sport of baseball, why everybody loves baseball, how kids associate things. This kid lacks a father figure, lacks friends.


And so many of us as young kids and boys or girls, you look for these like role models in your life and you are drawn to these larger than life characters and the athletes of the time and you make friends. And I just Think it was a, it was a, it was a really just awesome depiction of the importance of sports, the importance of friendship, the specialness and the ability to learn from sports like Babe Ruth heroes are forgotten, but legends never die. Like all of these things that like, there's A bit of like the, the the magicalness of like hope and, and like, and you find you that comradery and that like that chemistry with, with your friends and like, especially at being like new friends or like something that you, you, you all are encountering for the first time and getting through that dude, that scene where Benny's getting chased by the dog is one of the most epic.


Like, I forgot how epic that fucking scene was. Where he is like literally getting chased all throughout the entire city. Like imagining that as a kid. Oh my god. Right? It's so good, Dude. Insane. And the dog being this like ma like magical beast, the entire movie. And Benny's the one eventually who gets the better of it. And even like, like Small's going, being terrible at baseball to a point that everybody's laughing at him and instead of like some teacher coming up and being like, Hey, don't make fun of smalls. Like smalls fucking ends up Benny's. Like, hey, fuck those guys. Go out there, I'm gonna hit you this fly ball. Just put your glove up. Right?


He he catches it, he throws it. And then everybody loves smalls and it's like there's a, there's a beauty in Smalls taking care of that with the help of his friend rather than like some authority figure, like assisting this kid, you know what I mean? There's like a I know exactly what you mean. There's a different level of like coping with some of these dynamics that I think a lot of the times we get nervous to put our kids in these situations or that our kids are gonna experience these. But in reality they're all really important for kids to go through this. And this writer I'm sure was writing from a lot of personal experience, these end up being like cemented into your brain as like huge pivotal moments.


Yeah. Right. And I don't know, it was just really well done. I don't know. That's all I got from them. Yeah. Yeah. And also if you're not making fun of your friends, like you're doing friendship wrong like that, watching that Movie, I'm like, dude, This is exactly what my friendship group is today. Like, we still have that little kid in us that is just like, I'm gonna fucking roast my friend and he is gonna probably get me back in some form or some way. And it's just, it is just gonna be hysterical for everybody to be a part of. And it's also gonna show like, hey, it doesn't matter what you look like, you know where you come from, what you do. Everybody can have fun making fun of each other and still find that love and appreciation for each other at the same time.


Yeah. And it, it, I like That small, like smalls doesn't listen, he gets discouraged a little bit by the guys, but then he listens to the guy that's uplifting him. Benny. Yeah, exactly. Right, Exactly. He's like, all right, I fuck with this guy. This guy's on my side and he's hitting the ball. And there's a lot of like really good positive themes of like relationships, mentally how to cope with adversity and new scenarios and trying to achieve new tasks, leaning into your strengths. He makes the erector set because he is a, a smart kid to try and get the baseball back and it's all backdrop by maybe one of the best soundtracks I've ever been a part of watching a movie. I mean, every So good Single song is just like, is so good.


I was gonna say, it's crazy that that that mo we're just as far away from that movie as that movie was from the year it was depicted in the film. Oh wow. I didn't know That. So 1962 was the year it was depicted. It came out in 93. We are now 32 years from 1993. And those obvious 62 and 93 were 31 years apart. That's crazy. That is nuts. Yeah, that is a great fun fact. I think the scene with the fireworks and Ray Charles saying, America the beautiful, oh man America dude, It's fucking magical.


Oh, and then you just, Okay. Yeah man, The fireworks going off the, just the sounds of the fireworks and how, dude, it was epic. It's incredible. Did you, have you ever tried Chew? I've had dip. I don't know that I've, I think I would've tried Chew one time. My one buddy Jeremy ga I shouldn't even say that. One of my buddies was big into Chew for a little bit and I tried. Were grown ass adults. Yeah, it's true. So here, Like I don know if Jeremy, Jeremy might get in trouble with his parents. My guy, my guy Jeremy was, he used to chew a little bit. Jake Gado. What's up boy, You, you shout out, Shout out to all the Gaddis man. Chew didn't really do much.


Have you ever done chew? No, I haven't. I've done dip one time. Chew, Didn't do much Dip I did twice. I did it up at all the higher ground. But go ahead, Dip made me super loopy and I threw up. So Dude, every time I tried it like three times I didn't get, I never got into Every time I was like, all right, well my body's just not into this. Yeah, I never got into that one. Which Sandlot character? Well, we all, Travis is Benny the Jet? Listen, I had pf flyers growing up, man, let's go. You were, I will say you were also the magnetic person, you know what I mean? Like, not to like, like not just saying that to you. You were always like the character that everybody like came to for like encouragement. Like that was your personality within like the friend groups.


It felt like. Yeah, I I mean I'll take, I'll take that if you're gonna say it, I will say it for Sure. I think there was a little, there was a little bit of all of us in the, in there. I think you were, I think you were squints, you were a fucking nerd. You were a nerd growing up. Sneak, sneak kissing and Wendy peppercorn As you knew. It was the only way you're getting one Bold move. I mean, listen, it's a good thing Squint was so young because you, you pull that move as a child, it's kinda like, oh, that was kind of you're good. Ballsy move, ballsy move. You do that as silly, silly dude. You do that as like the same age. You're older, let alone that you're gonna be arrested, you're Getting arrested, son. Alright, come here.


We gotta give you a good talking to you can't be doing this type of shit out here. Oh gosh. Iconic though. Was there a Cleveland Heights version of San there? There was one on, there was 100%. I mean I all the guy, all the guys that I played baseball with, and it wasn't just baseball, but all the guys, I played travel baseball with a lot of Jay-Z kids, a lot of St Ann's kids, a lot of, a lot of Heights kids. We all would go up to court. Lenovo or St. Ann's or Fairfax, forest Hills. Yeah, Fairfax as well. We used to go up there. We would always find a way to go up there with a ball and a bat and a glove and just, you know, have some fun until we lost the ball because we hit it into somebody's yard. It's literally, yeah, It's the same thing.


It's literally that. Yeah. That's one of the reasons it's so beautiful. And the fence in particular, like at Fairfax, the left side of outfield is completely open. Yeah. But the right side of our field was a, was a fence just Like that nobody was In, and If you hit it over that fence, the game was over. Like there wasn't another ball. Like it was the exact same. No, and there was no climbing this fence. This fence was like the great wall of China. It was fucking enormous. The only difference was there wasn't like a dog that everybody's afraid of, but it was the end of the game if anybody hit over There. Yeah. Nobody was, yeah. Nobody was going in the, the family's backyard. And We also played other sports. We played roller hockey at Roxboro Elementary. They had an old basketball caged in court where they had cut the basketball hoops off at like four foot and for some reason left the posts in the ground.


Oh yeah. And we would go up there roller hockey and we would play and we would play posts. And If you hit the post, it was a goal and we would play two on two, three on three. However many guys came Up. The majority of The Sandlot games that we played though were, I I would always play like two on two or three on three football up at St. Ann's. Yeah. We would play it on like, This ERs the thinner part of grass. And If you got clo it would, we would play, If you were on grass, we would play tackle. But If you got close to the cement, you had to do two end touch. I remember that. Yeah. You weren't allowed to tackle close to Cement. Good rule that that nobody wanted to go home fucked up and have to explain to your mom, you got fucked up. What else? Yeah, be nice to the dorky kid who can't throw a foot baseball. No, don't be nice to him.


That's the whole point of the movie. You make fun of the kid until he learns to throw the baseball. Yeah, That's, yeah. But there was one guy that, you know, saw took it too far. No, that didn't that that realized it. It was getting too far. This guy has no confidence now, So we gotta, you know, Build him back Up. Yeah, inject. Yeah. We gotta we gotta build him back up, baby. You know what I mean? You see, that's the best part about being a friend. You build somebody up just to chop 'em down at the beach about two minutes later. I'm Just, I'm just gonna be honest, without, without the kids making fun of him, then he doesn't feel like he accomplishes anything. There you go. You're Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. You need that. You need Your friends, you need it, you need it. You need your friends to cripple you with just like, And you need your parents to cripple you.


You need your No, don't do that. Don't to embarrass the shit outta you. What else do we got? MVP of the movie. All right, who are we going? MVP of the movie. We got Squints, ham, Porter Jet. I think Porter Jet's gotta be the jet. Porter's like Porter's like my guy Patty Bakes man. He is, he walks in, he reminds Me so much of Patty Bake. He walks in and everybody's just happier because Porter's in the house. He's gonna say something just off the walls that nobody's like, All right. And you can tell like how Porter talks to everybody. Bacon has been talking to grownups, like he talks to them now since he was five years old. It's so true. It's so true. Like why the fuck, why are we running like this?


Yeah, he's a talk to our lacrosse coach. Why don't we, all right. How about, how about you guys run since I'm the goalie? Benny the Jet. Definitely the MVP of the movie. I think, I mean he saves the day, saves the ball, saves Smalls 100%. Alright, I take it back. Wendy Peppercorn was, I mean she was pretty, she's pretty good looking. Thank you. I'll be honest. I'll be honest. Thank you. I'll I'll take that loss. I think it's just like the old school, like clothing and hairstyle is just not for me. But she, she was pretty good. Alright. I love the American nostalgia. Just like the pure Americanness of the movie. They're so good Man. It is just beautiful.


They did such a good job of getting all these different ethnicities in there and you know, baseball really brings us all together type feel. And baseball being America's sport as well. So. Yep. How much Big fan of the ragtag Sandlot guys beating the travel baseball team and their fresh new bikes and uniforms. I'm always a fan of Silver Spoon fucks getting their asses handed to 'em by working class people. Shout off To the public schools basically. Yeah, Exactly. Playing. How about the fact they're all just playing baseball in blue jeans? Could you think of a more uncomfortable, like, piece of equipment to play a sport in than They didn't, they didn't have Dick's sporty goods back then, dude.


They didn't have just like, Dudes just chafing their asses off. Like they gotta be just like jungle rod out the fucking wazo up There. Sixties were a different day and age. Yeah, Man. Yeah, they must really love baseball. They're playing baseball and blue jeans. Yeah, but you gotta love baseball. You did everything in fucking blue jeans back in the day. Alright, let's give it a little film club. PFF grade for the movie. Jason. What? We got the plot. The plot plot. One out of 10. What do we got? Well PFF is out of a hundred, right? Yeah. We're going plot. Alright, Plot. We're going outta 10. We've been doing all the other ones out of a hundred. Is that right? Yes. I thought we'd been doing 'em all out of like 8.5 or like, It's been like 80, like 83.


I promise. I promise It's all the same. It will end up being the exact same plot. I'm gonna say, I think the, I don't know that you can have a better plot of a movie for like a kid's movie and like teaching like tools and ways to cope with all these like different things and Yeah, the, the the legend that, like the continual theme of like these larger than life figures. I just thought it was all just, it's all beautiful. I I'm Going, it's up there. I mean, I hate to give a hundred, but we gotta give it like an Aaron Donald level. I gotta go like 90. It's gotta be like a 95. It's gotta be like this thing should be defensive player of the year type plot. Right? I'm, I'm down with, I'm down. I don't know a movie that has a better plot, so I'm going 99.


Let's go nine, nine. We'll give it the great the, what's it called, the great 1 99 Outta 100. All right. Okay. Acting. Acting for a kid's movie. Fucking incredible. If I'm being honest with you. Like I thought it was unreal. Yeah, I'm with you. And then you got James Earl Jones. Gosh, Just one of the best actors of our entire child our entire Lives. I mean, if we're being honest, he plays the Blind Man better than Stevie Wonder. Hey, he's not the only one with these accusations. Shout out to Stevie. All right. Acting, I mean for a bunch of kids. I gotta go 99 again. I'm going the great one again.


We can go 99. I love this movie. So, All right. How well it holds up Still holds up. I mean, to Me, me, I might be a little biased. I might be biased. Did you have the girls watch it? I tried to. I mean, the girls are at an age. Wyatt is the only one that's really gonna sit down and watch a movie like this. Yeah. Ellie kind of, at times she got a little bit scared at like the Hercules, like when their squint is telling the story and the tree house Yeah. And stuff like that. But to me it holds up 99. But I, I think to to the regular pe to like the regular public probably isn't a 99, but screw the re I mean we're the ones rating it.


So 99, This, it's nostalgia for me. Baseball, I mean 99. This is the essence of baseball. Yeah. It really, I don't think there is a better baseball movie. It really hits it like the beauty of baseball. It has Americana, it has like Le Legend and Heroes and like the, the, the folklore embedded within the story itself and it combines it with like Henry Aaron and Babe Ruth and like, it's just all, just so it, it gets to the essence of what makes baseball so incredible. Yeah. Wendy Peppercorn. Listen, she was better than I thought, but I'm not giving we Wendy peppercorn to 99.


I'm Just not. I'll give her a 90. She was hot. I can't go 90. I can't give her, I get nine outta 10. I can't Say Give her what you we will be in the middle. What is it? I'll go 80. Let's give her 85. 85. 85. So 87 80 seven's a good number. I like it. No, I'm giving her 80. I'm giving her 80. Oh, you're giving her 80. All right, so 85. So 85. Yeah. Alright, what do we got? What's the, what's the PF the official PF grade for drum roll Looks like it's a 99.2. What? There's no way. That's the average. How did somebody, somebody did the math wrong.


Dude, That is so wrong. So wrong. How did you get more, more than 99. Yeah. How did, how did, how on earth did he get more than 99 when there's not a single fucking, This is good. This is quick, quick, Quick. Average math by Travis Kelce has disclosed Brandon's error. 96.2. The wave. Is That a extra, was it, Was it the wave? It was, it was 1 0 1 0 3 7 1 0 3 7 The Wave or 1 0 7 3 96 Point. I think it's a pretty solid rating. And that does it for New Heights.


Jason Film Club. Appreciate you guys giving us another film to you know, review. And that was a fun one to watch.


New Heights Jason Film Club is brought to you by Reese's and their new PB and J Cubs. Ooh.


Alright, that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Jason, make sure you're subscribed to YouTube to the New Heights Jason channel.


And follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights, Jason early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, New Heights Jason, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by DRAFT KINGS. The Crown is Yours.


Don't forget to follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. And thanks to our production and crew, we're gonna need you for this one. And thanks to all the 92 Percenters, we love you guys. See you next time or on some bonus stuff.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights, Jason early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real. Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling, they stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.