
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Get ready for the A FC Championship game with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime video. Prime video makes it easy to manage your streaming lineup. Prime members can add Paramount Plus and over 100 more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your prime video account with one login and one password. Don't miss the action. Watch the NFL on CBS with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime Video.


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable. But Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power Technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Arm and Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and orders. Put Armand Hammer. Deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer. Deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


Did you guys survive the great TikTok blackout of 2025? That didn't affect me one bit. Didn't even know it happened. What app being banned would actually ruin your life? I'd probably say like YouTube or Spotify or Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts. That Would be a big bottle for us. That would mean I'm out of a job.


Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Reese's New Chocolate Lava. Big Cups. That's right. Oh Yeah. God damn. Those things are good. You had some, Yeah, I did. They, I mean, they're enormous. They're a Little thicker, kinda like the specialty Reese cups, which I like personally. The Pumpkin Reese during Halloween is my favorite. Reese Reese's. But the the LA Do. What's nice about the Lava Cup? What's That? The lava, is it like a flowy lava? It's like a gooey lava. And there's a nice little texture on the bottom that I kind of enjoy so far with the, with the chocolate Lava Big cups. There's like a little gooeyness to it that pairs well.


Well, we're your hosts. I'm Travis Kelsey. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And follow the show and social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Jason, tell the motherfucking people what we got coming up. Oh boy. We had a great week of football that we're gonna dive into. That's right, chiefs. We do advance to the seventh straight a FC title game. That's fucking crazy. I mean, that is fucking insane. God, you guys are good. All right. Eagles dashing through the snow in a one sequ way over the Ramey. Go winning all the way. Ha. We're out of Christmas. We're out of Christmas. Oh, sorry. We're Not gonna Christmas. He goes dashing through the snow against the Rams. We'll provide a bunch of championship Sunday discussions and more.


And as always though, we are gonna get a little bit to that new news. New news.


New news is brought to you by AMERICAN EXPRESS.


Yeah, we gotta get into the college football championship that happened this past Monday. Ohio State Buckeyes. That's right. National Championship back in the Buckeye State as they're the winners of the 12 team college football playoff. Was the 12 team format of success. Did it go too long? I think both of those can have different answers. Did it go too long? Yes. Yes. It went too long to me, but I'm also, I don't, I just don't like the, I don't like the playoff thing being that long for college. I don't know why. Maybe I'll get used to it, but it was very hard to stay engaged through the whole college football playoff. Just go six teams. But here's the problem. Both of the teams that won it, those Teams two buys, Both of the teams that won it weren't in the top six.


Right. Both of the teams that were in the championship were what, seven and eight, right? Seven and eight. Eight and seven. All Right. Now, Hey, you. So I, I mean, if it's a success to figure out who the best team is in football, then I Think it worked because it allowed all of the big teams to compete in it. But that said, I don't like it still, even though it works. We're just old school kind of guys. Man, That's probably it. We just like shit how it used to be. And I don't know, I'm kind of with you, but at the same time, I did enjoy all these college football games. I did enjoy watching meaningful football being played and kids out here, you know, fighting for their, their team to go a step further in the playoffs, be Crown champions.


I did enjoy it. I say I can't remember a less exciting national championship though. I mean, just a complete ass kicking. You hate to see it. You hate to see it. I mean, especially between like literally the Battle of Cleveland in my book. I mean you, when you grow up in Cleveland, Ohio, you either love Notre Dame or Ohio State or both. No doubt. It was a funny feeling, at least going into it for me. On top of that, Freeman being a ex Ohio State. Buckeye. Yep. Notre Dame. Like Cincinnati Bearcat coach, right? Yeah. Yeah. So he was, he was there when, since he went to the, the college football playoffs themselves. You Know, Ryan Day was with me in Philadelphia for one of Chip Kelly seasons.


And now Chip Kelly is the OC for Ryan Day at Ohio State. Did not know that. Yeah. Wow. So Chip Kelly got a, Got a national championship. That's right. Nice. He went to the, I was at the, damn. I didn't even realize this is why I gotta watch more tv. Well, shout out to Chip Kelly getting himself a ring and shout out to Ohio State Buckeyes. Man, shout out. I got a bunch of a bunch of friends that were super stoked that Ohio State went for the field goal at the end to make sure they covered the spread and something that the chiefs did not elect to do, dude in the game against they used in Texas this past weekend. Dude, That is always, that is one of the things, man, with the, like the sports gambling that dude, These end Of game scenarios where it's the right thing to do.


And then people, it's so crazy. We had a, a legit bad beat like SVP and, and Stanford. Steve always loved to do those bad beats. Man, that is as bad of a beat as you can think of a, a safety with 40 seconds left in the game. Just, just to go to the other side of the spread. Dude, hilarious. I had big wit in the suite for the Eagles versus Packers. And when Saquon slid Yeah, he missed his bet. He would've gone over or whatever. I don't even know. What Was it? Yeah, whatever. Parlay or whatever it was. Yeah. But it just like, you could see it just like, just crushing like No, and it's so sick how Vegas always knows, they always know it's right.


It's gonna be this way or that way at the end. Ohio State goes up three fucking touchdowns or whatever it was and all of a sudden it's that right at at the end of the game. It's right at eight to like 10 points. Yeah. Are you kidding me? It's right in between those two numbers. Either way, it's absolutely hysterical. The NFL scripted, you know that. Well that's why you gotta give 'em a story to write, man. Gotta give 'em a good story to write. You had Roger on last week talking about it. Alright, shout out to the buck guys. Speaking of Roger Goodell on late night. Yeah baby Jason, you had our, you had our big dog, Roger Goodell, a friend of the show on, they call it late night. That's Right. Every NFL player's dad. He All but confirmed the NFL will move to an 18 game in season.


Yeah, I Mean I don't think he can technically confirm it because I Think it has to be voted on by the owners. But I think everybody knows, I mean everybody knows this is where it's headed. 17 games doesn't make sense. There's like more away games than home games. Some a year for some teams. I think that the 18 game season was a foregone conclusion when they went to 17. They went to 17 to see how it felt. Well we did get some rural updates. Roger's still out on including hockey fights, which big bummer over here. But Ochocinco wants DPI to be 15 yards instead of a spot foul. First of all, I love that Ochocinco is trying to make the game more fair for defensive players.


'cause it feels like that's the complete opposite direction. As a receiver, I would not expect him to say something like this. Yeah, But I wonder if there's a way to have DPI similar to face masks where depending on how overly egregious the DPI is, it's a 15 yarder or it's a spotlight. Like If you straight up tackle a guy that should be put at the spot, like you, that's bull crap. But if you're just like hand fighting and it kind of happens like in the play, I kind of feel like that should be 15 yards. Does that make sense? I hear what you're saying. I think it's, I Think it would be impossible to, I think it's fine the way it is. I think all of this is fine the way it is. All right, fair enough. I think defensive holding is only five yards.


That's kind of like where it balances out. Offensive holding is 10. Yeah. We gotta get rid of offensive holding just in general. The defense can hold Psycho. You are insane. Bo Allen wants hitting the crossbar on a field goal to be worth four points A joint is actually good. I'm very out on this rule. Yeah. I don't know where Bo was going with this, but it was good to see him in the suite after the game. Yeah. Honey Bobo. Honey Bobo. Miss, miss my guy. Man, it's always fun watching him on the late night, man. He's, he is brought a lot of energy and juice to it. Yes. He always does. Shout out to Goodell and everybody and you guys always killing. I can't wait to see this week, brother.


You wanna, you wanna pump? You got any good? You got any good guests this week? Or? We got Ryan Clark. We got Hey, Nice. We got Jamis Winston. Oh yeah, yeah. Baby famous Jamis. And then we got my man, Jim Gaffigan. Jim Gaffigan. Yes. I'm so excited. You fucking kidding me. I'm excited for all Three's. Awesome. Dude. Do you know, Do you know, do you know he played offensive line? I believe in college. I mean, god damn it makes sense. Yeah. Right. A lot of the offensive linemen are some of the funniest motherfuckers. I know, dude. He is. And he's right up there with one of the funniest dudes I've ever, dude. Yeah. I've been a fan for a long time. Are you getting a pre-show speech from Jamis?


I don't know Brandon. I'm trying to, we haven't figured out the full gambit of the content, but we got some go. We got some fun things lined up. You always do. But he sure does get the fucking people going when he does that. Something else that got the people going. Was TikTok being banned for 15 hours? That's right. You would've thought all of the internet lost their mind. Yeah. Did you guys survive the great TikTok blackout of 2025? Didn't even know it happened. I'm not on TikTok. Knew it happened, didn't give two shits about it. Shout out to everybody on TikTok that needs it to make money and does a great job of, you know, promoting themselves or their business on there. Yep. But that didn't affect me one bit.


I'm an Instagram Twitter guy. I don't know. It is what it is. I got off Facebook a long time ago and haven't looked back since. Dude, Facebook. What, what happened? How did Facebook go the route of MySpace? What happened to that? Well, They let all the old people on, they let our parents get on. And our parents, you know, Pretty True. Started telling everybody how they felt. If They would've just kept it to college kids. You have to have the college URL. That's how you first had to, had to get on. You gotta had to have the, the college email. Yeah. That was the only time I ever used it. I never used it to, I used my college email for the, a good 10 years after leaving University of Cincinnati and then found out that it was not working anymore. Yeah, I think they, they move on.


They Cut me Off. I didn't know how to log in. Well, that's A Problem. That is, that is a problem. Unless you let it work for you instead of against you. Although it did work against me when what class was canceled and I just showed up to class for no fucking reason. Shout out to shout out to TikTok. What app being banned would actually ruin your life. I don't know that Any of 'em say Probably I would maps, I'd probably say like YouTube or Spotify or Wondery Plus or wherever you get your podcasts. That would be a big bottle for us. That would really suck. That would mean I'm out of a job.


All right. That's it for new news. Brought to you by American Express. All right, let's move on to some bold topics to wrap up the divisional round of the NFL playoffs. Starting with Chiefs 23 Texans 14 tryout. Woo. How does it feel to be going into your seventh straight a FC title game? It feels good, man. One game and you get one game and you get to punch your ticket into the Super Bowl, man. Yeah. Fuck. It's, it's Right there. It's one of those scenarios you dream about in the beginning of the season to be able to do this. And we've been fortunate enough to do this for seven straight years. I've had a heartbreak, I've had a triumph. I've, I've won and lost this game multiple times.


So it's, I know exactly how to attack this thing and you just gotta attack it a day by day and not peak too soon. And, and, you know, circle the wagons baby. It's gonna be a tough one against the Buffalo Bills. I don't think people realize how fucking crazy this is seven straight times. You have been one of the top two teams in the a FC. It's just mind blowing that this has happened this much and it's a testament to you guys obviously. Is it just expected you're gonna go to the a c championship game? Yeah, I mean, I, I put that, I put that on myself every single year. I yeah, it's, it's either that or I'm a failure. Oh, okay. Nothing in between. Well, that's A hell of a way to live your life.


It's working out so far And it has nothing to do with, I don't care if I'm the MVP of the league, which I'll never be or which I've never been up for. But it doesn't matter what you do individually, it's all about what the, what your team does at the end of the day. I Don't care if I'm the Rushing League title, like if I'm the rushing yardage champion. It's all about what your team does. And we at in Kansas City, we set those expectations for ourselves. This Game was also Andy Reed's 300th career win. Big Red. How about that? You hear what he said? What'd he say? He said we get a few more. It actually match my weight. I wonder how many more. So I'm here to get him a few more and match his weight.


He's Gotten a little bit skinny. I think he's under 300 now, right? Yes. He looks great. He does look great. I have no idea how much he weighs. No, but I thought it was a pretty good bit that everybody should hear because Andy Reed, even though he's one of the greatest coaches ever in 300 career wins is absolutely insane. He still finds a way to brush it off and have fun with it. That's why I love the guy Andy's the greatest playoff. Yeti. Let's get to the real thing. You wore the right cleats again and you finished with seven catches for 117 yards. I wore just for you, just so you can thrive. I just so you can thrive Right now, There is nothing more that I love knowing that I'm still having an impact on the field by telling Travis to wear the right cleats.


That Red dye baby makes me look way faster, doesn't it? Dude, you Gotta get some, it just moves so much quicker. I really outrun everyone. Can I fucking Get those new ones? It's not so much speed as it is. The the, the, alright, anyways, so why did the playoffs bring the best outta the Yeti? You Know, I would, I wish it was just a switch that I could say that's, it's time to go and I'm ready to play. That's not what it is. It's throughout the year. We try and play our best every single week, every single play. I'm trying to, I'm trying my hardest. I'm doing everything I can to help my team win throughout the week and over the course of a season. I think that we have a method and, and, and a formula from Coach Reed that we just gradually get better as the season goes on.


And when we go into the playoffs, we're playing our best football. At least that's the effort, that's the focus, that's the determined like mindset to be able to play your best at the end of the season. Right. You know, every, it's everybody on the same page. Everybody, you know, doing their part. And when the ball's in our hands we make plays when, when we're called upon and, and I was fortunate that I had seven to eight chances to, to make a play. I failed on one and had a ball slapped outta my hand early on. And, and you know, from that point on I felt like I could get a rhythm and get going here, but at the same time it's, it's just football baby. Right? There's never a time where I'm, you know, holding back and I gotta, I, I gotta make sure I keep some things in my back pocket.


It's not that. It's, I'm always competing my ass off man. Yeah, I think I also, you guys had 23 days off from your last game. At least the starters did most of them. Yeah. Before this game. Some, some of that helps. Some of that helps at the end of the day. I Think it hurt It Well it hurt you guys a little bit. I feel like offensively your guys' timing was off the first like two or three drives. You ran some plays that felt like, ah, there's a little bit of rustiness there. But I feel like with, for guys like you, for guys that have been in the league for a long time, I know I always appreciated the rest. Hell yeah. You know what I mean? Like it means more for the older guys. That's What you're playing your ass off in the regular season for is to get that rest going into a stretch and, and, and being able to get that one seat or being able to get a playoff birth under your belt so that you can maybe miss that last game.


You know, it's whatever, whatever the situation is, you try your ass off throughout the year to get that opportunity and get the honor of being able to kind of, you know, take those weeks to get healthy. Let's Watch this touchdown catch you had because I just, the styling and profiling Bayou was awesome as well. Go pat up. Pat. Pat Mahomes pushes the pocket, has the strength to, to fight off a 300 pound man while throwing an absolute dart in the back of the end zone. Why You gotta look at sh shahir like this. I I, listen, I'm just in the moment. I, I got a lot of respect. Sha nothing. There's so personal. There, there is some personal there, there's nothing Personal there.


Stop doing that. I don't, I don't have vendettas against people for no fucking reason. He's never done anything to me. He is a great competitor. He is a great competitor And all that is is just me having fun playing football dog. And sometimes, you know, in the playoffs you play with a little bit more emotion, a little bit more aggression and, and a little bit more swagger. And I, I, I went on Stephen a show last week and told everybody if I got in there I'd swag it out and sure enough, this is just how I did it, man. Well you also had this catch for 49 yards. Yeah, that was the first catch I had. Yeah. This one was just, ooh, making plays. Come on, look at them. Red shoes. Come on now. Oh yeah. Red shoes.


Yeah. Yeah, the red shoes really helped me when Zaire went for the strip. Yeah, I mean it's, you play a little bit better when nobody's guarding you. And that's the beauty about, It's always good. They went with a blitz on this, right? Is that where my pat? Yeah. They, They went with a nickel blitz. They nickel blitz on top of that when they rush five less defenders on the back end. You got two guys running with the flat. Yep. Nobody over the middle of the field and you just run and replace. Pat was there, you right there in sync with me. It's a day one install play so you can play really fast. That's why, that's why coach loves dialing up those things and good football man. Well, Big play.


Big play. The whole world was talking about something else during the game and I'm sure you saw some of this, but they were complaining about the refs again. Trav. Even Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne. I hate the cheating ass Chiefs going ass with two Zs. Shout Out to D man. Colin Saunders had a rebuttal. He said literally folks will see shit like this and say Yep. Just like I thought. Refs verse the Texans, bro. The Texans left the all time leading playoffs. Receiver wide, booty butt naked, open for four quarters. Just hearing You say that. And yet, and yet the Chiefs needed those calls. Why Booty but naked Open.


They did. They left me butt naked open and I forgot to mention them boys at eight Sacks. Eight CJ couldn't even scratch his ass for a good second before he was getting sacked. We Need to get Colin on the podcast. This guy's fucking hilarious. Oh man. As you know, the D-line and oline rooms in the NFL that it's the pure comedy shut out to Sir Bank and You guys were getting after CI mean CJ's offensive line wasn't great all year. That was the big thing that was kinda of holding them back. He was getting hit quite a bit all season, but the chiefs got after him a bit extra hard. 14 quarterback hits nine tackle for loss. George Sachs one blocked fuel goal again. Leo Chall. What Do you think about the two Reverend the pastor calls.


I'd like to plead the fifth. Can I I can comment on it though, Right? Of course. I think the second one was completely just like absolutely ridiculous, right? I mean it didn't even get touched. I don't know how they just missed it Definitely got touched. I could see what they saw, but I don't Think it was really that much forcible contact to his head. I Think it was like, it looked like it was, but it didn't look like it was in slow motion. It was that much. But I understand why they called it. Just thought it was a bad call. Let's talk about pregame fits Trav. You went with the shorts and it was, I mean that wind was fucking cold. Pregame fit. You're talking about the walk-in or like when I was warming up, that Shit was cold as fuck. It was not, the sun was out and regardless, it's like I got a hat on, I'm keeping the wind off my ears, my legs don't get cold 'cause I'm a hairy son of a bitch.


Oh that wind, I don't care what you say. That wind was gusting and it was a blowing and it was a chill. Well You gotta understand, I'm going out there when I do these warmups, I'm going out there for 10 minutes max. That's a good point. Like, I'm going out there to gauge it. Like if it's, if it's super snowy or super like rainy and super cold, like I might throw a hoodie on just to like get the sweat going. But for the most part, I, I really don't care what the weather is in warmups. That being said, I didn't put anything else on for the game, but I, whatever it is, I mean the cold is the cold. I'm, I'm gonna find a way to stay warm on the sidelines. Whether I got a jacket or I'm sitting on the heaters or I'm running up and down the sideline to keep the blood flow going in the body loose.


Like I'm gonna do what I have to do. I'm not worried about what the weather is and how I'm going, how it's gonna affect how I play. I just go out there and play my fucking game. I felt the same way when I used to play. I didn't really get cold, but I'll tell you this, being an analyst on the sideline, it was, it was cold. Especially when you sit down and your pants roll up and your ankles are exposed. You gotta get some socks bud. We got some longer socks Actually had, so I had, I had wool socks and I had boots on, but that area in between the pant leg, it still rolled up on me. That was cool. It Was cool. Gotta get your tailor work on that. I, I would say, Well Jason, we got a good one from Ron Rodney Laco lacrosse. I think that's how you say that name.


Jason looks like the guy you hire to get possum outta your attic, which I thought was absolutely hilarious because outside of like the, the, the, what do you call it? The, the jacket and the hat like coordination. It's the yellow gloves that give you, this guy can fucking just round up some, some rodents. Well I went with the yellow gloves 'cause a lot of times Trav you'll go with the yellow gloves, but you, you, you didn't do that on this one. You can, you gotta know if you're calling me out for going and I gotta go red clea, I gotta go red gloves. I can't just Oh be out here. Mid smash stuff. Go. You want me to go yellow clea this Week? Go yellow, but go with that kind of yellow. Not like the the other kind of yellow.


What I what Don't do like the the other Jordan yellow. I don't know how to show the cleat that I'm talking about. I only have one cleat, yellow cleat. Don't go with this kind of like color. It's gotta be full. It's gotta be full, Full yellow. All right. Yeah. Got it. I don't even know, You know I to show me but I hear you saying full yellow. I got you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All yellow. Yeah. On it. But also maybe just keep wearing the red ones 'cause they're working and I don't know what the yellow does. Like, Player makes the shoes. Shoes don't make the player. Yeah. Tell that to your feet when they start fucking hurting and they don't work very well. I had to go back into this old ass cleat for the last four years of my career.


It's 'cause you were in Under Armour, man. Well I went, I was in Nike then I went to Un Armour and then I went back to Nike and then Nike made these awful cleat. The bottom of the new Nikes is just so fucking terrible. And so I went back to an old Nike cleat and I tried the Jordans, but they were too soft. It was like running in sand. So I went back to the old like Nike cleats and then I got my acceleration back. Nice. Shout out to Nike. Did you meet the Riz? Did you meet the Risler? Did I meet him? I didn't meet him. Who's the Grizzler? There you go. He didn't meet him Folks. Is that the Grizzler? This kid? Yeah, the the kid. Yeah. Yeah. He's big on TikTok I think.


Oh nice. TikTok went down, so he had to show up at the game. That's huge. Shout out to the rzr man. He is just a li he is just a young chubby kid, man. Just like me. Just a sports fanatic. LeBron stats Travis Kelsey's 14th straight playoff game with 70 plus receiving yards. That is the longest streak in NL history. The second longest streak in the NL history is seven. The second longest active streak is two. In other words, Travis Kel is fucking killing the postseason. Great LeBron step. There you go. 70 yards. Chris Berman, the swami himself. He, he interviewed me before this one and told me that I, including my playoff yardage, I have over eight miles of receiving yards.


Eight miles. That's pretty cool. That's pretty damn. Pretty Damn awesome. That's insane. How's it feel Right to be right behind Jerry Rice? The only players with 2000 plus receiving yards and 20 plus receiving touchdowns in the post-season. Post-season. I mean, I'm, I'm right there with them at this point If it, and it's a pretty goddamn cool feeling. That being said, for whatever reason, man, you know, you set these goals and these like statistical accolades that you want to, that you want to meet when you first get into the league, you're just like, man, I want to be in the conversations with the greatest ever and the most yards and the most touchdowns and all the guys that you look at that are at the top of that list.


Like you feel like, like that's what's gonna make me satisfied and that's what's gonna make me feel like I've done it. Yeah. While you're in it. I just, I'm just not satisfied with, you know, what I'm doing. I feel like I have this mentality and this, this mindset week in, week out, year in, year out to just be better than what I was the previous day. Yeah. You know, I think all these stats and accolades and everything, they'll, they'll be cool when I'm, when I'm done playing, I'll be able to look back on everything and say, nice man, that was what I fucking edged in the, in history. And Right now I'm just, I'm so focused on beating the Buffalo bills Right now, man. That I, hell yeah. I could really care less about passing any of Jerry Rice's records and, and you know, shout out to Jerry Rice.


I'm not saying that because of, You know, I no Jerry's the man downplaying that, you know? Yeah. He's the fucking goat. And even if I do pass his records, I'm still gonna consider him the greatest Yeah. We to ever do it. You know, like what, like it's, it just is how I, it's how I feel about these kind of things of just never being satisfied man. And as I look over the course of my career, I've just never felt like that. I've never felt that. I've made it feeling it's always just been what can I do better? What can I do next? And what I can do next is, you know, win another a FC championship. Yeah. No, I get it. And you're focused on team goals and you guys are one game away from going to your another consecutive Super Bowl. There was somebody that cared about the LeBron stats and that was LeBron.


LeBron James tweeted at t Kelsey. Yeah. Congrats brother. See Now this record, this is dope. This this is, this got me going. This is sweet. Yeah. Right. Sometimes this is why the LeBron sets matter. He then LeBron tweets about you. Congrats brother. NFL record for most 100 yards receiving in the playoffs. Nine games, badda, boom. Fire NBA game south, three of them. And a salute. Who you gotta salute. Yes sir.


All right. Thanks to our presenting sponsor Reese's. Reese's, you've really had done yourselves this time. You know, when you're eating a Reese and think, hey, this couldn't get any better. Yeah, well they just proved this wrong with the new Reese chocolate lava bake cup. Ooh. Reese's has managed to add a layer of chocolate lava inspired filling that takes the whole experience to another level. It sure does. Travis, when do you like to enjoy Reese's chocolate lava Big cups while watching tv? A movie end of the day. Yeah, I'll eat 'em probably when I'm probably eating them. Watching a movie maybe on a, on a, on a long car ride. I like to stop at a gas station. Get That's What I think. There's nothing better than a Reese in a car on a long road Trip just snacking away while you just wander in the abyss. And let me fill you in on a little secret. Reese's is making a massive comeback at this year's big game. I'm hearing it's going to be an epic commercial. That's right. They're good. How did they did tell us that. Oh, Is is it? We're not in it. So how are, how is it epic if we're not, they're Keeping it under wraps though. But word is, there's something about lava in volcanoes. Oh my. I'm very excited. Did they just throw a Reese into a volcano? Sounds like a science fair. Meets Willy Wonka. I can't wait to watch it. Anyways. Buy Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cups now at a store near you. Found wherever Candy is sold.


All Right now a moment brought to you by American Express. Jason, we're almost done with the NFL season. Any fun travel plans you're looking forward to Once it's all over. Cali and I have been talking about going to Turks and Caicos for a long time. I heard the water's really nice down there. Seems like it's a pretty good environment. Yeah, I wouldn't mind doing a ski trip. We haven't really done that with the girls. I know that. I think Wyatt might be into it. Plus I wanna go skiing. The last time we met, man, every time is just like so memorable. It's the best. I love snow. That's what it comes down to. I just like snow. Yeah. I just, I love the mountains. I love snow. I love going fast. Speeds. Yes. And risking my life. Yeah. In a controlled manner. No matter what kind of travel you are. The American Express Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance every journey. Enjoy exclusive access to centurion lounges at airports worldwide. And when you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you receive complimentary breakfast. Four, two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout. Man that 4:00 PM checkouts, that's, It's pretty nice. It's pretty nice. Crucial. Plus, with Global Dining access by Resi, you have the ability to secure reservations and some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum card to your Rezi profile. And that's the powerful backing of American Express. For Full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Jason Maybe, or like you know, to check that you have a full ticket gas first before road tripping through the desert. Like you know to check if you've packed your good possum catching hat before going to the pregame show at Arrowhead. Like, you know to check If you have the tickets in your fir wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game this weekend. Everyone knows tickets are digital nowadays. Yeah. Checking first is smart though. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance companies and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Let's keep moving on to some of these other games. Trav. Congratulations. Good luck this week. Thank you Brother Eagles. 28 Rams 22. Moving on to a little snow game in Philly. Jason, you were at this magical snow globe. I was. How? How? Well I was talking to you earlier about it. You said it kind of reminded you of the 2013 game you had. Little Bit, I mean it, the 2013 game was snowing from the get go. What was unique about this one is If you go back and watch the first half, there's like, nah fucking fleck of snow. Yeah. It all just like started coming down randomly. Yeah. And then by the time it's the third and fourth quarter, it's a full on goddamn blizzard. Like it was a text. That shit was crazy. It was cool. And the Eagles have already, I think maybe even said publicly, at least it's being alluded to that they want to go to a retractable dome because they wanna be able to like host Super Bowls.


They wanna be able to have events year round in the next stadium they build. And I just am so much against the dome. Like I think that snow rain, that's one of the things I love about football is that the elements play a factor. And they played a factor during This game. So I thought it was awesome. I love snow games. I was also in a box so I didn't really have to deal with any of it, but it was awesome to watch from outside the window. Highly a big fan of the snow game. Well the irony about the 2013 game in this game was that the Eagles were playing Matthew Stafford in That's right. Both games. That's right. That's right. And the Eagles came out on top in both games. Shout out to Maddie Stafford man, our guy. Hell yeah. A fellow friend and man, what a fucking competitor that guy is.


Are snow games the best type of football game though? I Think so. I think snow is, it just makes everything magical. It has this way of putting everything, especially when you're playing in it. But I also as a spectator, Like, I don't know, it just, It does just make it more dramatic and just more like just a fun atmosphere, doesn't it? Yeah. I mean we played Buffalo up in Buffalo and it was snowy and we're getting pegged with fucking snowballs at the end of it. Yeah. And I just, I, there was something about, I don't think if it's as snowy as it was and you know, built up like excitement for the fans going in there paying, getting paid $20 an hour just to, you know, clear out the snow. I Think it makes such a cool element for certain stadiums and certain like teams that I, I, I Think it has to be like the best like atmosphere to play in.


It's the only one that kind of uplifts everybody if it's the right amount of snow, I guess. Yeah. It just has this way about it where it just feels like it's almost like whimsical and like it's awesome. I love snow games. Always have, always. Where Did you, where did you get this? What is this? This poncho? This like poncho. Is that actually, So we were, It's blanket material though. That's not poncho material. Oh It's Poncho. I got it in la. It's definitely not NFL licensed 'cause it was from a guy named Chang on Venice Beach Boardwalk. I'm not even making this up bro. We had a whole bit for the late night show that we ended up not doing because of the, the fires that are out in la Ah, damn. We didn't like it didn't feel right anymore. The comedy behind it. Yeah. But I ended up making friends with one of the shop owners down there on Venice Beach.


And this was what he had for you? Yeah, He scammed me into paying a hundred dollars for this poncho. Yes. A hundred dollars. I knew it was wrong, but I'm like, I gotta support Chang. You know, I knew there's no chance, but you know what, this guy's out here trying to scam people and make a living. I get it. Fuck it. Yeah. So I did it. Whatever. Nice. You're a good guy. That's all I saw in there. You didn't get scammed. You knew exactly what you were buying. Well, he tried to scam me. I didn't knew. I just went along with it. Yeah, that's not getting scammed. I just want, you just wanted to help a guy out. It's true. There's nothing scammy about that. Well His, he was scamming. I wasn't scamming. Well he was scamming or he just knew that he could hit you at the right spot. Yeah, there's Nothing scam.


He's like, there's a big whale over here. He is. Got a big old pocketbook. Oh yeah. And yeah, I could hit 'em where it hurts. I bought three other ones for a hundred dollars and then I had people sign them and then I sold those for $200. And that's, that's how you didn't get scammed. That's, I became the scammer and then I took the exactly money back. I told them I took the money back to Chang one day. That video surfaced. It was gonna be epic. So good. The biggest convo going on in the game was Ram's rookie Jared verse talking that shit. And I mean he was backing it up. He was backing, he was having a, he was having himself a hell of a game.


But after every single play he made, he made sure that the Eagles fans saw him and heard him as he was running to the sidelines. But pregame quote, I hate Eagles fans. They're so annoying. I hate Eagles fans when I see that green and white. I hate it. I actually get upset. I actually genuinely get hot. I get I And being him being hot is like him being furious. Yeah. He's from like an hour or two north of Philly. I think at least that's where he went to high School. So he gets it. Just embracing it. Yeah. Listen, he played pretty dang good for being honest. Yeah. He backed it up. Their D-line played better than I thought they would. I mean I, I think the Eagles offensive line is very good.


They have a good D-line as well in with the Rams. But I thought the Eagles O line was really gonna block them pretty handily because of how good they are. And that was a good matchup all game long. I mean they, they brought the heat, they ran games. Well they, You know, I, I think The rookie getting banged up. I think You're talking about Fisk slowed him down. Yeah. And man, that dude is good. Yeah. And he and Fisk runs a lot of the games really well. He's got a knack for running those tees and everything. He sets things up for other guys. So he's a big part of what they do up front. I will say this though, being a chiefs player my entire life, going to your games, I've gotten some fun banter with the Eagle.


Of course, Of course. Yeah. I think, I think Eagles fans get it. Yeah. I think they, they know they love it. They wanna make, they they, they arguably do love it. Like they love, they love, they want somebody to come in and talk shit to them For sure. Because they want it to be a rowdy and like, almost like a like a fight mentality. Like, I fucking hate you, you hate us. Yeah. Like let's do this out. There's like, we're gonna talk shit. But then there's also like, like kind of like at the end of the day there's a respect at the end of day kinda respect that a little bit. Being a dickhead, but fuck you. Exactly. Yeah. I think there is a, there is a little bit of that. So the Eagles putting it on the jumbotron before the game. I didn't see that. I saw that. I thought that was pretty clever. Sure. Pretty. The Eagles knew that that was the guy. Hey in Case you missed this.


Yeah, exactly. That guy said this before the game. Yep. But I think, I think I've learned to appreciate the Eagles fans for that. And I've also been lucky that my brother's one of the best Eagles to ever play the fucking game. So that makes them kind of appreciate my family a little bit more. So we have more of a mutual respect for each other. But yeah, Eagles fans, they, they want you to, they want you to do this kind of stuff. And I think, I don't know, maybe, maybe Jared knew that coming in because he was grew up not too far away. Well He, I think he did know, 'cause he said this after the game. He said after the game I was walking the locker room, they were throwing snowballs at me. They bleed green and white. I like That. They stand on it.


They don't shy away from it. My phone was blowing up the last two or three days. All I was seeing was, yeah we embrace it, we love that. And I'm like, okay, I got it. So I think he grew up on the east coast. He knows what the deal is. This is just kind of the way it works. I loved every second of it and clearly, I mean it got the most outta him. I thought he played pretty damn well. Yeah, really the Rams in general played pretty well. I thought the the elements affected them quite a bit. And the other guy that played really well was Saquon. Let's talk Saquon then. Finish with 26. Carries 205 in a touchdown. Broke off TD runs a 62 and 78. God damn yo. The guy's just absolutely taken over every fucking game he's in.


He seems to be unstoppable and a force that you just gotta weather and you can't, you can't fucking stop this thing. Let's, let's see. Both of these clips though, I wanna see both of these to the house. I mean let's do it. Speed kills, especially in the fucking snow. Looks like there's the 62 yard of this. The first one. Yeah, This is the first One. Very similar to the, to the in season touchdown that he had against him. Interesting. Is that If you go back to the start of this, both of these plays, I believe were inside zones that hit front side. Typically that play has a tendency to roll behind it. Yeah. Good job by cam. God that was a great block. Technically it hit the hitting the A gap. So it hit where you Think it would. Yeah But I mean normally it rolls behind the center. Yeah it stays on that hash.


Actually that might not have Been, this gets out to the Alley. That was a strong side inside zone. Yeah. Great. Kickout block by my guy Dallas Godard. Was That even inside zone? Go back to this. Lemme see this. This guy's who gives this shit? It's 100% inside zone, right? Yes. Outside zone. The running back takes three steps past the midline. Come on Jason, you know this God damnit, I've been doing this too and day long. The second clip though came at one of the most crucial points in the fucking game. Fourth quarter, five minutes to go. Now this is an inside zone. This is an inside split zone. The tight end's whacking back. Landon Dickerson does a phenomenal job. They're going out to this overhang player.


He bangs the guy that he thinks he's gonna end up blocking out on top of the tackle as that outside backer folds back in and then tracks him on the front side of this. And then Cam Jer does a huge block As well. Yeah, I was about to say what, what screws that kind of stuff up is, I mean, very similar. Just hand the ball off and let him just find the crease. He just has a knack for finding his way on these plays. He really does. What's It, what I like about this though is that Jordan Malta kind of hangs in there. He doesn't get too much depth, does such a Good job. They could've easily got thinned out right there and they, And now two guys are blocking one we Would, Stott would call that asparagus when all of a sudden the outside guy kind of folds in behind like it's not like a design game.


He just kinda like flows naturally in behind the other DT tackle. Why are we calling it asparagus? I Don't know because he didn't know what to call it. I Think it iss literally why he called it asparagus. I don't know what to call this. Call it asparagus. So then he just called it asparagus. Think it makes sense. It's asparagus because that's what we call it. But Landon does such a great job of knocking that out, tracking his guy blocking. I mean he block damn near three people in that play. And then Cam Jergens has the hard job held up with the nose and he just does a fantastic job. And this thing goes for a big one. This was kind of the game Seal run. Not kind of, it was, Well you say it was the game Seal run, but the Rams definitely had a chance.


Yeah, They had an opportunity. They did. They definitely had a chance. And they got, they got a lot. I shouldn't say that. It wasn't the game sale. They had a, they had an opportunity at the end. Huge momentum booster though. Huge run. Saquon obviously another unbelievable game against the Rams. 200 plus yards. Man. This guy's running for 200 plus in the playoffs. Holy shit. Do we know that's the guy we need to stop? Are we, I are we, are we locked into our IDs? Yeah. Are we playing our gaps? Easier said than done, obviously with that type of offensive line, tight ends the way the, the wide receivers are in there in the run game. How they, how you, how the Eagles spread everybody out with the RPOs. And then on top of that, the way Saquon can just set up fucking blocks and absolutely knife the defense and hit the holes and speed.


Confidence, bulldozer break arm tackles. I mean he's got, he's he's been doing it all and he's playing confident. Man. I think there's such an underrated part of his game is setting blocks and being able to, his vision. I'm telling you, I don't, we didn't, we never got a chance to witness it with the Giants because the line just wasn't that capable to be honest with you. Well They were dealing with injuries that felt like every single fucking year I guess. But I'm just letting you like him behind this offensive line and watching him able to manipulate blocks, hit plays front side that I didn't think were like, nobody I've seen do that. Like there was the same side run I was bringing up all the time where he, he gets in then he gets back out. He's just got an insane feel for the game.


You, you wanna be good at running back. Figure out how the linemen are taught to block this play. Yeah, yeah. Don't just go out there and just be like, gimme the ball and I'm gonna just run through the A gap or the B gap, figure out how guys are being blocked and how, and how the scheme is is like supposed to be when I also, like, I've never talked to this with him, but I feel like the best backs I'm, I've played with similar to the way you play tight end. Like you, you have like your first read and your second read when you're running a play. But I feel like you do that kind of when you're practicing, when you're in the game, I feel like a lot of it is just like natural feel for how the game's being played and what is happening in front of you.


You're not so narrowed in, there's so many guys I play I run outside zone with where like they run to the first read and it's like, brother, there's a cutback lane like two steps ago. Why didn't you just hit that shit? You know what I mean? And it feels like he's just got that, he's got that ability to see it. And I wonder if he's just like doing that all on instinct and natural ability in the game as opposed to Like, I don't know. Does that make sense? No, 100%. Yeah. You gotta have a feel for the game, understand the structure and the scheme, but you still have to have a feel for the game and, and be able to go out there and and just play ball, man. Yeah. And and that's what he's doing Right now man. He is playing the, the best ball of anybody Right now with the running back position as an O line, what is it like when you know you're blocking for a guy who can break it at any time?


I don't know that I, I mean the last one, one I probably had not had One. Yeah. I mean I play with some really good backs. Ryan Matthews was an underrated back obviously the Sean McCoy was best one. I played with Ryan Fresno State, Darren Sproles. Like I played with some big play ability guys. And to me, I don't think you really ever are blocking thinking about that big play. Now. It might be different 'cause Saquon's had so many of 'em this year, but I was always just like, hey, just block it to the whistle and then you just knew. And when you had a big play like that, it was such a momentum shift. Like it's just like a, it is a huge, huge, just like great feeling for the entire unit.


And then you just get to go walk off to the sideline and you're like, yeah, that's, that's fun. Let's go do that again. Yeah, I'll do that as many times as they want. I don't gotta grind out a 15 play drive. Yeah. Let's just have those big ones. That's fun. Shady McCoy tweeted out my boy going for 200 yards again. Yeah baby. As he added Saquon, I mean he just knew, he knew what kind of day it was gonna be and that Saquon is just in the zone Right now. Well and you know this Trav, but the snow is to the benefit, in my opinion, at least to the running game because the off the defensive line is the ones that have to make a play. They're the ones that have to go out of their way to beat an offensive player. We get to sit on double teams.


We get to just plot forward. The defensive guys have to be the ones that cut and make a play. Where Siwan, if he just hits something a hundred miles an hour, a guy to try and go like regain his foot and get over there, tackle like, I always feel like whenever it's raining or snow, the run game is gonna be more impactful in the outcome of the game. I think I'm, if it's a snow game, I'm gonna have a big game As a pass catcher. Yeah. So maybe, oh, why do you think that? Well, one, because Pat Mahomes can sling that ball to anything. Yeah. It doesn't matter if it's rain, sleet, or snow. Yeah. But also I'm heavier than the dbs.


Ooh. Which means my feet are going into the ground more Interesting. Which means it's not so much ice for me as, and on top of that, I grew up playing hockey. I know how to even run on ice. Yeah. So I feel like I have the upper hand. So You just have a more acclimatized I can move I, yeah, just a more acclimatized game. Yeah. Snow neutralizes speed to a certain extent. Oh Yeah, baby. That's all I need. Everybody just come on. Slow down just a little bit from me, baby. Yeah. Come on down to this level. You remember, we, we used to play Yukon and the Yukon used to grow their grass out longer. Yeah. Brilliant. Just slow the game down and make you play their freaking power Football bears Do it the fucking Yeah. Green Bay does it. Yeah. Smart.


Smart. If you don't have fast guys. That's Right. If you have fast guys, make that a track meet. Alright. Anyway, shout out to Saquon and La Sean McCoury for being the best snowboard backs I've ever seen. Well, it wasn't just, yeah, it wasn't just the offense that was, that was firing man. Jalen Carter, bro. Arguably the best game of his career. Maybe five tackles, three QB hits, two sacks, PBU Force fumble. I mean, what else is the, that's a stat stuffer right there. You hit just about every defense outside of an interception in a fumble recovery, you hit just about every defensive statistic you could possibly hit. It was insane. I mean, he, and he made all of these huge plays in really important parts of it. The force fumble the sack, obviously on the third and two right before the last play of the game for the Rams.


Yeah. I mean, he had so many huge plays. Yeah. I don't know which one you would kind of narrow it down to, but I Think it was nobody impacted the game more probably on either team than Jeremy Carter. Yeah. Straight up outside Of maybe Saquon. No, I'm with you. The sack on third and two at the end of the game. It's like me sitting in the middle of the fucking field wide open. You gotta block the biggest guy on the fucking field, guys and I, you would rather have two on him than, than none. So he kept doing this, like he kept slanting down inside. How was the game plan with the game on the, on the line? Not the double Jalen Carter. I don't know how that's not the game plan.


Yeah, dude, I get it, man. Football's a hard game, man. Man, I'm Happy about It, but it's a hard game. It's not that hard. I mean, they made it harder for themselves. Secure that d tackle first, especially when he is fricking Jalen Carter. I just, that blew my mind. It's A weird sense that a lot of great defensive linemen have, they feel this like leverage point where you're, you're you're giving them too much Yeah. Pressure. Yeah. The moment you get too much pressure and you get just a little bit off balance. Yep. Yeah. They're fucking swimming. You, they're fucking ripping. They're spinning, they're using the momentum and the strength you have against you. Yeah. The great ones. Just have an ability to like, put somebody in a mental blizzard all day by, by playing with the speed to power, the, the hands and, and the juke moves, man.


So the biggest thing I'm trying to do against him is first of all, double team him. I'm, I'm doing everything I can. Who, whoever is blocking to at least put A hand on which, where's the mic? At least put a hand on The three technique is the mic today. Even If you gotta block this guy over here, drag. Do not just go straight out there. We ain't fucking doing that today. All right. And if I gotta go over here, I'm gonna drag for you. That's how we're gonna do this. We're not gonna give this guy space A drag for the non-football heads is what if I'm Going away from him, I'm not just gonna go away and do my assignment. I'm gonna stick my hand out to limit the amount of space that that guy has to work with. There it is. You're gonna limit the space. Nice. And the tackle can do that. The center can do that, or the guard can do that depending on what technique he's in.


But nice. I'm limiting space. I'm, I'm applying, I'm trying to get him before he gets going and I'm getting ready if I, when I quick set him for that quick hump move. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to think about in the back of my head. And then after that, he's gonna beat me nine times outta 10 if I'm not doubling in Anyway, so I was about to say, just fucking, oh Yeah. That's the, that's the call.


2025 is here and Mint Mobile has a resolution for you. Skip the gym, skip the fad diets. Skip the BS resolutions you'll forget about next month. Instead, make a resolution to save some serious cash by making the switch to Mint Mobile. Right now you can get half off their three month unlimited plan. MINT MOBILE is dropping huge savings for the new year by offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. That's right. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and Unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. And you can even bring your current phone and phone number. How about that? It's so easy. You can sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. Switch to mint and new customers can get half off an unlimited plan until February 2nd. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and to get the plan shipped to your door for free, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. $45 upfront payment required equal to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower than 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for more details.


This new year Healthy habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient and your dog will absolutely Love it. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's knees, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you ever thought about making the switch, now's the time. What Makes them so different is that Food from the Farmer's dog is developed by on staff board certified vets and veterinary nutritionists to be complete and Balanced. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. The Farmer's dog delivers their freshly made healthy dog food right to your door on a schedule that works for you and can be adjusted at any time. With their 24 hour customer support. The food is pre-portioned specifically for your dog, which makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. You might not know this, but 60% of the dogs in the US are overweight. And that's a shame. Big time shame Doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Give 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once. Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences. Bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early And ad free Right now on Wondery Plus.


Let's move on to the rest of the game. Shout out to the Eagles and good luck next week against the Commanders and speaking other commanders, rest of the games commanders 45 lines 31. No one in the world thought that the commanders were gonna come out on top of this one. I Mean, I, I'll be honest, I think Scott Van Pel, ISVP, he's kind of a commander's homer. 'cause he is from The area I was about say he is the Washington guy. Yeah, he is that DV area. I have not, I have, I have not thought the commanders were ready for this all season. I feel like I always felt like they were a year away, even with the rookie quarterback playing great. It just felt like they don't have as many talented guys as you would want. And they continually do it. They just have continued to play better.


I think Dan Quinn and I, this is not like a, a fucking groundbreaking take. What Dan Quinn has done up there with that defense has been nothing short or remarkable. I think he is having those guys play so great Right now. Yeah, it was a huge get. Getting Bobby Wagner this off season, I really feel like that's accelerated the vision of a lot of things happening. That's the out there in defense. That's The guy, that's the guy, that's the guy that's making it happen. So The Eagles played the commanders last time and the first game and they had almost a hundred yards rushing and not the first game the last time they played in the second game, the Eagles almost had a hundred yards rushing. Maybe they did have a hundred yards rushing in the first half. And when they ran this counter play and it was there, they had a huge hit on it. Then all of a sudden you saw them adjust to it.


Bobby is screaming over the tight end, couldn't block him like he had no chance on the y block, the double team block to collect Bobby Wagner. He kept beating him. Deron Payne started looping outside of Lane and making the play. Yeah. They adjust so well to what you're doing on the day. They listened to calls really well. I felt like they did that well in Dallas when Dan Quinn was down there. Everything he does, they're not overly complicated on defense, but he gives those guys freedom to make plays. He coaches them. Well they play, If you have any type of like tendency that's gonna give the play away, run pass, what run it is Formational tells anything, they are gonna sniff it out and they play so disciplined across the board.


That being said, I mean, you know their offense, I mean they were the reason they beat the lion. They just, yeah, they weren't stopped. I think they punted one time. They went for it on fourth down a bunch, but Which they got a bunch of fucking, you know, veteran proven guys on that side of the ball. Zach Ertz, you know, the offensive line veteran, offensive line, two Super Bowl champs over there, eg. Allegretti Wiley and Andrew Wiley baby. Yeah. On top of that, they got guys like Eckler is a very savvy vet and I think they got a lot of guys that that, that have that confidence of, I've been doing this a very long time, I know how to win. I know how to have success and I know how to be accountable. And then you mix that in with a young quarterback that's very confident.


Does the work understand, understands a great scheme under Kingsbury. I mean, it makes sense. And they get, he's got wide receivers all over the place making fucking big time fucking plays. Yep. I mean obviously McClarin's the biggest one, but they still got Zach Ertz out there. Ertz is making fucking big plays. Big Third down big in the red zone. They're A well balanced offense. They run the ball really well. We're talking about LER is a great third down back. You may, he does some good, he he'll have some good runs too, but Brian Robinson gets north and south very well. Jaden Daniels with the Reeds jade. And then all of a sudden, If you wanna stop that reed stuff, you gotta sneak somebody down in the box to take it away and then they throw it over your head.


They just, they, they are very conducive, offensively Conducive. Nice. Is that the word I'm looking for? Sure. They're very, I like the way you sold me. Yeah. They're very complimentary offensively. Hmm. And I think Kingsbury is doing a phenomenal job Right now. Somebody's in their, the thoth No, seriously. The, they're, they're, they're playing, they're hitting on all cylinders. And I'm not gonna, the lion were fucking hitting on all c cylinders too, man. That was probably the funnest of, of the three games, the other two games that I watched, or the three games that I watched for sure. That one was just nonstop action. It ripped my fucking heart out.


Seeing Coach Campbell go down and, and that lines team was super fun to watch, man. But the Commanders, they earned that one man. And What's particularly rough about the lions losing this ones, they are, they're losing Ben Johnson. He's, he's going to Chicago. It's already been stated, which shout out to Chicago. Way to get a hell of a coach. We'll see, I think Aaron Glenn has said that he might leave. So this li this was like the last year of this group, including that coaches to kind of get it done. And they just got so decimated by injuries. Even as an NFC fan, I think everybody was kind of like, man, it would be kind of cool to see the lions, you know, win the Super Bowl this year.


Yeah, no, I didn't Think it was that cool. I think everybody kind of feels for, you know, what they went through as a team and I don't know, man, it just sucks. Losing does suck. You think the Bears, do you think the Bear's offensive linemen are like, dude, fuck yeah. We get fucking Ben Johnson. Dude, I'm about to start scoring some touchdowns. They got Some athletic tackles now. I was about to say some hooking laterals to their fucking tackles Their right tackle. I remember when he was coming, I'm trying to remember his name. Oh my gosh. But he's, he can run now. He's got some, he's a pretty athletic dude. God damnit what's his name?


DD something with a D Ds. Nuts. But darn outright, right? Yeah. Darn outright. Darn outright. Right. Yeah. Speaking of Ben Johnson going to Chicago, there are fans out there, especially Lines fans that are upset about them interviewing for other jobs. That's right. Why I, I think there's a perception from fans that you can't prepare your team as much as possible and interview for these coaching positions. Erroneous, erroneous on all accounts. We dealt with something similar in Philly when we lost to you guys with Jonathan Gannon who had went to Arizona. I think there was more involved with the Gannon thing, but I always felt like it was a reach. I lost Doug Peterson. I lost Matt naggy, I lost, I was about to say all the best coaches, Eric Bmy, Mike Kafka, four out of basically every offensive coordinator that I've ever had has gone somewhere else.


And we've still had success. Where you can't, you, you have to give those guys the opportunity to be, to better on their careers, to strive for, for like a new position. That's the, that's the honor of being one of the best in the league is that everybody gets an opportunity to take that next, that next step if they get it. I don't think it's the reason why the lions lost. I mean they, their offense put up 31 fucking points had 500 plus yards of offense. Like what? Like that wasn't it by any means. Ben Johnson put together a great fucking game plan. Bill's 27, Ravens 25, the, the last of the four playoff games. Did it live up to the hype? Of course it did. Yep.


Two of the best quarterbacks in the league. Duking it out for four quarters in the snow. Man. Doesn't get more magical than that. No, it doesn't. It was an awesome game, obviously came down to that last drive. Everybody's talking about the Mark Andrews drop. 'cause obviously that was a two point play that would've tied it up. Fuck Man. I Will say this, even before the drop, I was thinking in my head like, they scored way too fast. There was over a minute 30 left. You can't control on how fast you score though. Yes, you can. Yes. You, you can. No, you gotta just fucking Yes You can score man. And when you can get a touchdown, when you need a Touchdown i's different. When you need a touchdown, you need a touchdown. You gotta score. All I'm saying is You don't just need a to, you need a touchdown and a two point to tie, let's Say Mark, all I'm saying Mark Andrews catches that pass.


What happens? You give yourself a chance to, for your defense To get a big, big stop. No, I'm asking. No, I'm just saying. What do you think would've happened? I'm not asking, I'm not saying they did the wrong thing. I'm not saying that I'm not gonna play. Would've coulda, should've. I will. I think the bills would've gone down there and kicked the field goal anyway. I'm just trying to say Mark Andrew's catching that pass wouldn't have mattered. I would've loved to see what the bills could have done with it tied up like that. You know, it's good fucking football. There's no question everybody wanted to. Yeah. I, I like to see everybody like playing and thriving and showing their best. Yes. Thriving. One Of my favorite playoff games I've ever witnessed was you guys playing Josh Allen in the Bills in the infamous comeback game with the 16 seconds or whatever the hell was up on the clock. 'cause it felt like everybody was playing so well. Yeah.


Like Josh was playing great, pat was playing great. That's fun football to watch. You don't ever wanna watch something like that end up being the deciding factor in the game, in my opinion. Yeah. It's just not as fun To watch. I'm with, I'm with you. So either Way though, outstanding season for the Ravens and Bills are gonna be coming to Arrowhead next week. A lot's gonna be said about how, how the Ravens quote unquote lost that game. But the Bills fucking showed up for sure. The bills didn't, the the bills. The bills played their tails off. 27 points against that Ravens defense is fucking, is damn good. The Bills. Yeah, the bills are fantastic as they've been all year, especially towards the end of the year, they freaking have come on really strong.


It's been inspiring watching the way this team has come together. You know, I think Josh Allen after the game, you know, you could tell man, they feel like they've been doubted heavily this year and they were, I mean there was a lot of players on the offense that people had not heard of that have showed up and have risen to the occasion. Yeah. They play very complimentary football with the run game with James Cook and a lot of the misdirections, the backs are really active in the passing game. The defense showed up big. I mean, Derrick Henry didn't have a bad day, but he didn't have the big day that he did the first time around when they played these guys and credit to those guys and Sean McDermott for figuring out a way to slow that Russian attack down a little bit.


Overall this was an awesome game between two of the best teams in the NFL and kudos to the bills for sure. Yeah, and I'm excited man. We're gonna get A great one this weekend. Woo. It's gonna be, I, you know me, I love going up against the best man and the bills are showing just as good as anybody in the fucking league Right now. So yes they are. I'm excited for it to be Championship Sunday at Arrowhead Baby. Let's go. Well, let's go ahead and talk about some, some previews for Sunday. The NFC Championship Commanders at Eagles. Jason got any like keys to the game or just like right off the bat to you? What did, have you ever played a team three times? Yes, I played the New York Giants three times the year that we went to the Super Bowl against you guys.


What The, what is that like? I've never played a team more than twice. It feels weird, especially when they've been three meaningful games. Like the one game we had against the Giants was kind of like a, we were resting guys a little bit into the playoffs. Whenever you play a team twice, you know how this works. Like you, the first game plays and you see what you did well, what they did well, you go into the next game prepared to either keep doing what you did well or like, you know, hey, be ready for this. If they do this again, this is how we're gonna react. And now you're doing that for a third time and it's like, man, they know exactly what we're gonna do and what our counter is. So it's always interesting to see how teams respond to a third game against each other. Yeah, I think the Philadelphia Eagles defensively key to the game.


You gotta stop the rushing attack this team. I know Jay Daniels is a great quarterback and he is known to push the ball down the field, but I really think a lot of it is set up with the ground game. Brian Robinson, they get into a lot of manageable third and fourth down situations and If it's manageable at all, fourth down is gonna be a go forward situation. Yeah. Try and keep 'em outta that as much as possible. Easier said than done. They're as good as I like. They're like, I've what we've said before, complimentary team. They do a lot of things well. They don't make mistakes. This is not a team you can go into turning the ball over and making mistakes. They will capitalize on it. They will make you pay. Those are the big ones for me, obviously offensively, I think that we can run the ball as long as we're, we're executing everything properly.


If you go back to that last game against Washington and credit the Washington now, they adjusted well in the second half and they really started shutting down our runs for the day. But if, if the Eagles take care of business and everybody does their job, I think that they should be able to have a successful day on the ground. But this is a really good team. Both of these teams are great. Dan Quinn coaches these guys so well. Yeah, they have Jonathan Allen back this time around. He's a great player. Yep. Bobby Wagner is as good of a defensive leader as you're gonna find in this league. So I'm looking forward to watching it freaking crazy that a NFC East divisional game is gonna decide the NFC champions. That's fucking nuts. I can only imagine a FC West, like, I can't even fathom it, man.


Trying to fucking go toe to toe with a team that knows everything about you, man. Lot Of familiarity here and that makes a difference. If I've, I've brought that up earlier. If there's one thing I think Dan does a great job of, those guys are well coached. They, they, they know what they're looking for informationally. They know what their keys are. I've always felt like no matter where he's been at, he schemes things and lets those guys operate in the scheme and teaches them well on how to react to stuff. You see it in the way that they adjusted last game. And that's a battle that's gonna happen in this game. Nice. Well, a FC championship bills at Chiefs Trav, what's the keys to the game?


I'm, I'm not gonna tell you those. That's fair. Yeah. I, I'll, I'll, I'll lead that to, Can I say, can I say mine? I'll say mine. Well, yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and go ahead and give me the keys to the, to the game. Jason. Yeah, I got you. Well, I'm giving the fans, I'm not giving you the keys to the game. These are what I think 92 Percenters. Okay. Keys To the game. I don't know. Good call. Well, we do know this. We got a few extra weapons on offense. I think we're a little bit healthier on the defensive side, so it'll, it, it, it doesn't mean that, you know, we'll, we'll have the upper hand just because of that.


You know, it's obviously these two great coach teams, two superstars, a quarterback and, and Playmakers all over the board. The biggest thing for me is, is just going out there and playing my fucking tail off of these guys next to me. Man, we're excited for that challenge to, to go up against these bills. We know they match up very, very good with us. It's a, it's a very familiar, you know, matchup. We've seen these guys a lot. We've seen 'em a lot in the playoffs and in the regular season and, and you know, that being said, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a dog fight. No doubt about it. I think obviously James Cook is such a huge, integral part of that.


Bill's offense, you gotta try and slow him down, but easier said than done and Josh does such a great job, it's, there's something really hard about stopping a passing attack that doesn't just zero in on specific play makers. That, I mean that he spreads the ball around as good as anybody else. Yeah. And then they're well coached on defense. Come on now. Sean McDermott. Let's go. Sean McDermott, freaking Ola. Andy Reed, Joe Brady, gosh. Josh Allen. Patrick Mahomes. This is gonna be a fun game. Can't wait. Firing me up, baby. Best on the best. That's what I love. Alright, before we get going with the rest of the show, it's time for Travis to duck outta here for a second because he can't be here for this next segment.


It's too degenerate for him. Yeah, that's what it is. That's what it is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Joining Me now is intern brand. Hey, hey, hey. We've only got two games this weekend. It's almost done. Done. Yeah, baby. Oh yeah. All right, Jason, I'm gonna build us a single game. Parlay. Okay. Hit me. We're gonna build a little single game parlay here looking at just the Eagles and commanders. Got it. I got six picks. Let's whittle it down to three. What do you like better? Saquon Barkley over a hundred rushing yards or Jaden Daniels two passing touchdowns. I'm picking this or you're doing this.


You're The expert. You informed me. I'm Thorn. I don't know. Saquon over a hundred. Okay. All right. Jayden Daniel's outta here. All right. Do we like Jalen Carter over one Sac or Jayden Daniels over one interception. I have a favorite, but I want to, I want to hear the expert. I mean with the way Jalen Carter played last game. I'm gonna go with Jalen Carter. All right, last, last pairing here. Saquon Barkley. Anytime TD Scorer or Jalen Hurts anytime TD score. Is he gonna house one or are we tush pushing? I'll Go with Jalen Hurts anytime. TD score, there We go. That leaves us with Saquon over a hundred yards. Jalen Carter over one sack and Jalen Hertz. Anytime TD Scorer, that is our single game parlay.


That means your odds on that single game parlay are plus 360 $10 pays you $46. Jason, take us home.


Now That everyone knows about some of the awesome bets that are available on DRAFT KINGS, you're ready for the big games. Those of you who haven't checked them out yet can get a new customer offer. All new customers who bet $5 will get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings app and sign up Using Code New Heights, the crown is yours. Once again, new Heights is brought to you by DraftKings. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio


before We get outta here, let's get to some no dumb questions. It's no dumb questions. It's brought to you by Mint Mobile


All after hearing you guys talk about obscure sports on Wondery Plus exclusive. I need to know if y'all consider hobby horsing a sport. No, I do not. I do not consider hobby horsing a sport. There's no way. I don't consider a lot of things a sport though that people call sports, so I'm not really, this isn't so much just a hobby horse thing. I just think that Why? Why is this a thing? Hobby Horing. Oh My gosh. I mean it's, you know, there's like LARPing and you know, this thing right here, whatever this is. I mean there's, there's some form involved. I'll go, I'll go see what it's about. Hey, if Wyatt can jump over a hurdle like that with a wooden horse between her legs, that's pretty impressive.


Watch this. Look at this hurdle. Yeah, I just think this is the type of stuff you open yourself to when you allow judges to be a part of sports. I just don't think judging sports are, there's a goal scored and somebody has more points than the other team. At the end of the day, I don't wanna hear somebody's opinion on what my score should have been. I wanna know are did I score? Is there a goal in the net? That's a point. I don't need to hear you. Did I beat this person In the race? Me that I did I throw this further than them? Yeah. I don't need you to tell me was my fucking high knee form correct or not. Get the fuck outta here. That's my only problem with this is that it's a judge sport now. Highest jump. Listen, that's a sport.


That's a sport. The jump, whoever could jump over the highest obstacle with a goddamn wooden horse in between the lake that I can get on that bo with being a sport because it's very, there's no subjectiveness to it. It's like, hey, If you jumped over the higher fucking rung, you fucking win. There was a second part to this question also. Who would win a hobby horse in competition between Travis, Jason Jets shaken and turn? Brandon, It sounds like Jason would. I don't think I would. I definitely ain't winning the jumping contest. I'm definitely not doing it. Well then you're definitely not winning, so I guess I Think I'm Out. It's really between me, jets, Jake, and enter. Brandon, would you partake in this? Yeah, sure. Enter, enter Brandon in case.


Why not? Oh, can you not hear me? I don't know. I can hear you. I don't know if they can, I don't know how this works. Sometimes I'm recorded. We, we figured Out that mechanism like two weeks ago. It's been pretty solid for Us. There we go. We're advancing the Podcast at all times. Just Jake, would you try this Some experience? My sister did this and it's the dumbest fucking thing ever. She run around our backyard jumping over horse sinks. Julia, I love you. Sorry for, okay. Blowing Your spot up on a national podcast. Have you ever, have you ever told your sister this? Yeah, all The time. You used to go to 'em, you used to have to go to her competitions. No, She, she didn't compete in these. She just had 'em in our backyard and we just run over the jumps. Oh, well if it's a kid that's in the backyard being a kid, that's one thing.


She was in high school. My God. Julia, I love you. That's so Good. Everybody's got their hobby From Ashley Gunno. If Travis is El t Trador, when he has the mustache, what is his name when he has the playoff beard? Ooh, the playoff beard. I go a list a little less Spanish and I go more like Nordic. Celtic. Yeah, Celtic. Yeah. I was thinking more Viking. What did I say?


Celtic? Well, I mean, listen, the Irish people have beards too. I feel like yours. I I I, I Think it might be red beard. It's not that red Because in the playoff mode especially, there's like an anger that you play with. It's not that red. It's a little red. It's got some tinge to it. No, you're trying to give me more. I'm not trying to get you, I'm trying to like give you, I think it's like, it's like brown. I think red beard is a great, it's not black beard. No, it's definitely not black beard. And I don't think it's brown beard. I think, I think it's red beard. It's definitely brown beard. It's red beard. It's not Red beard. If somebody saw that beard and they were like, give it a color, they would say red beard. No, they would not. Brandon, come in here. What would you call that beard? Not like with the actual color, but If you were gonna nickname that beard.


Let me get in Travis. Get a little closer. Come On. No, you get what you get. Let The light hit it too. There's red in there. There's red in there. There's red. There's red in there. In there. Okay. There's red in Means it's if it's, yeah, I'm Not shitting on you. I Think it iss awesome. It's red Beard is a great name. Red Beard's a good one. It sounds more red beard's more pirate. Red beard's more pirate. I think that's A pirate name. He's mad. Yeah. I'm not mad at all. There's nothing wrong with someone having a red beard. I'm saying you're throwing me into a boat that I'm not in. Like there's people out here with actual red beards. Well, yeah, there's, there's redder beards. I just think you, If you have any redness to your beard, you can be called red beard. Just like I can be called white beard.


Gray beard. Not yet. No. But red beards. I Think it is a little bit more lenient. No, no. This is why they're all dumb questions. What is the, what's a good, I'm just thinking of good beard nicknames. What's a good Nordic freaking? You can't look it up Nordic for Travis. This is what I'm saying. You can't look it up. Let's just look at it. Feel the energy. How do you say Travis and Norse? You did this Brandon. I know It might just be Travis. I fucked up. I can't leave open-ended questions in the show anymore.


Viking names. What? What about Ragnar? Dude? Ragnar, did I get It? Did I nail it? Did I nail It that similar to Travis, It's nowhere near Translate. The Travis God damnit, Jason Celtic. God damnit. Jason's stuck. He's in a wormhole. He doesn't get out of these things. You did this. I know every week I do this and I, I reflect upon this and I'm like, never do that again. Thomas Lav, the first king of Croatia. Travis love Travis La Travis Love. That's Good.


Travis Slav. I mean we're Svic. Oh fuck You got there Travis. Thank you. Travis Sla Travis SL Travis. Love Travis Love. When you say it like that, I actually Travis Slav. There it is. You have to say it more Russian. Why Russian? Say it more. Say it more. Arnold. There it is. That's good. That's real good. That's funny as fuck All. I think we figured it out.


That's it for Nu Christians brought to you by Mint Mobile. The smart answer to saving money on premium wireless.


And that also wraps up another episode of New Heights.


Make sure you're subscribed to the YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early and app for you Right now by joining Wondery Plus and the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.


Hey, how bought at New Heights Wondery show, produced by way sports and entertainment, and brought to you by Reese's new chocolate Lava Big Cub.


Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips. Thanks to the production and crew, please delete everything I said. It's Gonna be a lot of editing this episode To the 92% 92 Percenters. Thanks for tuning in. We'll see ya man. Get fired up for some championship football, baby. Woo. Some of my favorite, favorite things to do after a game, after a big play is go listen to like the the different calls from around the world of the play.


This Is, this is Japan. Dude. Did we just come up with a bit? We have to describe the play. We have to guess the play based on a foreign nations calling of the play.


You want some Wondery Plus Dude Wondery. We got you. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


All righty.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. The start of a new year is all about starting new rituals. And whatever you do come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. They've got flavors we love, like sugar-free raspberry lemonade. Mm, raspberry lemonade Liquid IV will keep you staying hydrated during those long winter days. Whether you're enjoying the outdoors or maybe you're having a little too much fun watching your team in the playoffs. And we love how easy it is to make just one stick with 16 ounces of water and you're hydrating better than water alone. It has eight essential vitamins and nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, soy-free. Embrace Your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights at checkout. That's 20% of your first order off when you shop Better Hydration today. Using promo code new Heights at liquid iv.com.