
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcast or Spotify.


Today It's time to shout out our sponsor Audible. Audible lets you enjoy all your audio entertainment In one app, you'll always find the best of what you love or something new to discover. And if You're looking to try out a new genre, audible has you covered with their incredible selection of audio Books. you can also discover exclusive audible originals from our top celebrities, renowned experts, and exciting new voices in audio. That's Right, Trav Audible includes thousands of podcasts from popular favorites to exclusive new series. Plus, the Audible app makes it easy to listen anytime, anywhere, while traveling, working out, walking, doing chores. And as an audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. There's more to imagine when you listen. Try Audible today at audible.com/new Heights. Again, That's audible.com/new Heights. Check it out. 92 Percenters.


Are you tired of fine print contracts getting ripped off by overpriced wireless providers? 'cause yes, I mean, let's face it. I think that's a resounding yes for all of us. Well, if you're tired of it, then you need to check out our friends at Mint. Mobile. That's right. But their wireless plan starting at $15 a month, when you purchase a three month plant, the tra what's the catch? $15 for a three month plan. Are they just giving money Away? Hear you. It's, it sounds like there's gotta be a catch, but there isn't one. They don't have retail stores or salespeople. Instead, they deliver premium phone plans directly to you. So say bye-Bye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages. Pit Mobile is here to rescue you. With premium wireless plans starting at $15 a month. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk to text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts. Ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile's deal and give three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. To get this new customer offer and your three month unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only Speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See meant mobile for detail.


Nailed it. That time you even said it in a way that it made sense listening to it. Incredible moment game one. Obviously Walk off grand slam Home Run. Yeah. How the fuck did that feel? World Series Base is loaded. I don't really remember it. I've kind of blacked out. Hey, welcome Back to New Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. We are your host. I'm Travis Kelce, this is my big bro, Jason Kelsey. Hello. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. This is a very, very, very, very special episode of New Heights because today we've got World Series Champion joining us.


Woo. That's right, Jason, please do the honors as you always do. Tell the people who we have on the show today. Of course. Trav. Our guest today is from Fountain Valley, California. He's an eight time all star N-L-M-V-P two time all MMLB first team. He's won a golden glove, a Babe Ruth Award, the NL Hank Aaron Award, and he is now a two time, two time series. Champion two. Welcome Mr. Freddy Freeman. Yes, sir. Don't forget that. 2024 World Series MVP. That that's right. Yeah, that's right. That's, I Appreciate you guys. Thank you. I, like That hype. Hype right there. Oh yeah, we Stuff You gotta have fun with to bring it in with the, with the energy baby.


Yeah, it's, it's kind. I still haven't really like, have time to sit and even like kind of take it all in. It's been kind of a whirlwind. I did Jimmy Kimmel last night doing parades trick or treating with the kids. It's really nuts. So, but it's pretty cool, man. Like this is what I mean, you know, you guys know this is what you start out to do every single year when you show up for us in spring training. And it's so hard to win championships, as you guys know. And Yeah, to actually have it happen things, a lot of things have to go right. Health has to be on, on our side. We Were fortunate than that. Yeah. Yeah. We were, we were fortunate. We were playing really good baseball at the end, so to get another one, especially I'm from Southern California, so to have one when you're where you're from, it's pretty, pretty special.


Fuck yeah, man. Yeah, that shit's gotta be awesome, man. Some, I mean, I mean, If, you're a big enough badass Health doesn't even have to be on your side. You just play through everything it sounds like. Seriously, man. Sometimes. Sometimes. Okay. The first couple rounds I wasn't playing so good, but yeah, health was not on my side, but we were able to push it through and ultimately when you do push your body through things and you come out on the other side of suc with success, it just kind of makes everything that much sweeter. Of course. Of course. Does this one top the top? The first one? Ah, you know, I've been asked that. It's, I don't like comparing. Sure, Understandable. Well, your first one's always special. And that group of guys that we had with the Braves was pretty, pretty amazing.


I, I don't know, I think just because my dad was able to see so much of these games, since we're all from Southern California, I, I, I wouldn't say I, I mean championships are championships. It's, it's, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're both, they're both the best. And the next one's gonna be even that much better than the others. I dunno, maybe it's, yeah. It, it's hard to compare. But two great teams I got to be a part of and hopefully with my time with the Dodgers, this is first to many. Fuck Man. Just Love that man mindset. What was the first thing you did after you won when you got home? Like what is Well, that's the crazy thing. We So, we went on Getaway Day, right. So, we had to fly, we left Yankee Stadium at 3:00 AM got to the airport and we flew home.


So, we landed at like nine 30 in the morning. Perfect. All day there you Halloween. And we had to get the kids, I had to get Ironman, Hulk and Spiderman ready to roll. There you go. Dad's Mode right away. Yeah. Immediately into dad mode. And we had a blast. And then we had to parade the next morning. We flew the Patriots plane home. Actually, you know, they, they let us have the Patriots playing. Nice. Shout out to Robert Craft. There you go. And So, we were gonna have like a big party on the plane and within an hour everyone was asleep. Yeah, right. Was just like, this Has been because it's five o'clock in the morning and we just like, when you give everything you have, you're exhausted after these games.


And then we celebrated in the clubhouse and you have to do all the interviews, media That clubhouse, it looked fucking rocking in there. There was a lot of energy being released in there. Yeah. There Was a lot. And you, you just kinda spent, you know, you spent and So, we thought, we were like, oh, we'll just keep it going on the plane. And within an hour I was asleep. I woke up after an hour, everyone else is asleep. And I was like, yeah, we'll, we'll wait for after the parade to go, we'll, we'll try this again. Everybody just smells like champagne. Yeah. That's a smell of success. Beer. Beer and champagne being tossed on everybody. You don't like the taste of it, but you're just pouring it in. Yeah, It is.


This is, this is what we worked hard for to go through this. I don't care if I like, I love this. I don't care if my eyes can't see anything because it's burning so bad, but I'm gonna do this. You gotta, you gotta go in with the correct eyewear, man. You gotta go in with those guys. Some guys just want the burn, you know, like Kershaw, he wants the burn. Like some guys love that stuff. Feel it, feel it. I had lasik. These things are like very, I need, I need to protect these guys. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty important for hitting the ball. No doubt. Hey, happy birthday. Oh, thank you Fred. Yeah, man, dude, it's, where do you get your feel like every birthday after like 35? It can't mean like, I, I don't know, it's just downhill. Right. Like, don, don't know.


Sorry to anybody over Right now I just get excited for my kids' birthdays. Yeah. Like what do you wanna do for your birthday, dad? Are we celebrating this? Like, what do we, we're gonna eat some cake. The pancakes that try to be Mickey Mouse, you make 'em and they don't end up being very good, you know? Yeah, exactly. Right Before the World Series, we had Cece Saba on, and we were talking some, some baseball with him going into the Yeah. Cece, you guys. And the, and the Yanks battling it out. And he said that 30% of Freddie Freeman is better than a hundred percent of anybody else in quotes. That's what Cece said, man. That's very nice. Were you at 30% going into the World Series? I, I would say I was a little higher than that.


Nice, Nice. Yeah. So, we had a break between the NLCS and the World Series, about five days. And the first two rounds it felt like, you know, here's the fence. I felt like I was always chasing the pain, trying to get on the other side of it. Yeah. But those five days really helped me. I was able to treat it really mu really, really well. And I didn't run one time because I didn't wanna flare the ankle up at all. Yeah. So the first time I actually ran was an introductions into game one. And as I was running, I was like, whoa, I, I think I can do this. This feels good. Feeling good. Yeah. I'm giving high fives and I make it to the trainers. 'cause everyone gets introduced and everyone's so excited. Like, did you, like, you're not limping Fred.


I said, I know this is great. But By the sixth or seventh inning of every game, like my heel would start to hurt where the Achilles is attaches into the heel. That's, that's where it was starting to hurt because the spike of my cleat was going into my heel for Sure. Yeah. That sucks. By the sixth or seventh inning, it was kind of hurting, but the adrenaline would take over by then. But I would say it was probably around above 50% because my rib was okay by then. And I, I broke my finger too in August, so that didn't really help. But things were, yeah, I, it's just so many injuries. It's just crazy. We're kind of talking about you have to be fortunate to be able to make these deep playoff runs, man.


Yeah. And, and you guys, you guys were battle tested in that regard more than anybody in the league it seemed like. Yeah. Yeah. We lost Glasnow, you know, Kirsch came back and then got hurt again. We lost Gavin Stone, who was huge for us throughout the course of the year. Yep. We just, we were just losing relievers left and right. We lost Evan Phillips, who was one of our better relievers all year right before the World Series, Joe Kelly got hurt. We had a lot of unfortunate injuries, but great teams overcome those kind of adversities and we were able to do that. And If, it seemed like we hit every speed bump possible on a road and we just somehow managed to overcome those. It Was crazy. I'm, I might just be speaking out out of mind here, but doesn't that make it seem like it's so much more of a family of a team when you can battle through those kind of things?


For sure. It just seemed like you guys were so much more of a team than the Yankees man. And I don't know what, I'm not saying anything bad about what the Yankees had over there, but it just seemed like the togetherness, the comradery, the chemistry, it just seemed like you guys had a little bit more of that than, than what was going on in the other dugout. We had a lot, we, and it started early because you signed Shhe and he has everything that he had to deal with, like when we were in Korea to start the year. So yeah, rallying around a new teammate that's quick. And that as a group that fast I Think it only helped us, you know, and, you know, if we can rally around Shhe and help him get through the, probably the toughest time of that he's had to deal with, then we could deal with all our other little things that we had to deal with.


And, and then obviously with my family in late July, them rallying around us. It, it just, we had a lot of things were as a group to rally around and it was so fast and so special to see the group of guys and how we came together over and overcame things. It's, we just had a lot that made us that close throughout the course of the year. And unfortunately we had it really early on with Shhe and his thing. But sometimes that's better, you know, to kind of come together as a group that like we did. Yeah. Man, adversity always brings people closer. Speaking of your, your family, your, yeah, your dad was a big part of this, right? Yeah. He had a great, I thought probably the best quote I've seen in a while between like a dad and a son, Freddy, this is not worth it.


I know you love baseball, I love baseball, but it's not worth what you're going through. And your answer to him was, it only hurts when I miss, so I'm just gonna have to stop missing. Which is good. Perfect. It's so fucking Good, dude. It's so good. Yeah. So that was, that was N-L-D-S-I was going through a lot to play obviously with my fractured rib and doing a lot of extra things with more than just treatment. So after the game three of NLDS, I got a call from my dad about like 11 o'clock at night and I had a talk like that with my father in a long time. And it was kind of just a little upset, you know, like, Hey, you need to look out for yourself down the road.


And that was the first time I really took a step. 'cause I'll do anything to be on a baseball field. I think anybody that knows me, I'll just, I put blinders on out. True competitor, baby. Get out there. Yeah. And that was the first time I was like, okay, whoa, what take, let's take a step back and I You know I'm married with three kids, so like, and that, and I sat out the next game. I sat out in LDS game four. I just couldn't do it again. I physically was just not able to put myself through what I was going through. Again. I think when I hit the grand Slam in the World Series and he was front row, I think he was, I think he was happy I didn't stop. Yeah. Of course, no doubt. Oh yeah. Thank God that guy didn't listen to me.


I listened to him a couple times, but Fair Enough. But. yeah, I think it's just special. Like I I, when you go through all that, that you, for me to get on the field and then actually come up and be successful in the World Series on the biggest stage, it, it made everything I did a couple weeks earlier worth it. You know, in my mind. We'll, we'll see how I amm when I'm 55 or six years old, you know, but Needs my mind. Who needs ankles when you're 55, man, they're making, they're put a in there, your knees, hips, they're making All types of new shit. Replace it. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. They probably have Hydraulics in these things the next coming up soon. No, we, we both grew up with a fucking amazing father and he got us into everything, man.


I'm talking about, about coach In Baseball. He coached a lot in baseball and really all sports. He was always, always kind of who I Think it hard because I was always older, so I was definitely better growing up. But Trav Every I played more competitively. Yeah. At every like milestone. He was better. So I would say Trav, I, well I was, I had the cheat code, I was my dad, big Ed Kelsey would go to all the teams that Jason was on and he'd be, and he'd be like, Hey, just put this guy on your roster. You never know when you're gonna need an extra body. And sure enough, I would play at least a handful of games two years older. And I'm facing guys that are like, yeah, that always throwing, throwing real, I had Older brothers. That's what made me so much, you know, made you go me be who I was too, you know?


Yeah. That's all it Is. You find a way to to, to get through it, man. But our, our father was so responsible for our, our love of sports, our love of, you know, just competing. How much was your dad responsible at getting you into baseball? Oh, I, I wouldn't be here without him. Yeah. Obviously I have two older brothers that love baseball too. But obviously my dad is the one that loves baseball to the core. Nice. Was he always a Dodgers? No, So. we grew up actually in Orange County, so I grew up 10 minutes from Angel Stadium. Wow. But my dad is from Canada and he grew up a Tigers fan because he grew up on, in Windsor, Ontario, in Canada, so Right, right across the border. So he is a big Tigers fan. Yeah. Fuck yeah. That's Right.


And then my grandfather moved to California and so that's how we came to be in California. But I grew up an Angels fan. My favorite player was Gary Anderson growing up just that left-handed beautiful sweet swing from the left side. So hell Yeah, baby. When people ask me like, what advice do you have for my 10-year-old? I said, it's not for the 10-year-old, it's for you the parent. You know, like Right. My dad loved practicing and throwing batting practice and doing those kind of things with me every single day. So, So cool man. When you have a parent that loves it, just as much as I loved it, it kind of match made in heaven. So my dad was the one that led me to baseball and then obviously I just loved it. He was fueling that fire man.


Yeah. And he's, he, you know, he still throws me batting practice to this day. Is that right? In the, Yeah, in the off season. So like Right now, I'll take about two months off of, of baseball activities. I start working out tomorrow. But baseball activities, I don't pick up till January. And I'll go to my high school in Orange County and we'll go and spend an hour together and I work out with him and he throws me batting practice. He's 69 years old and he still throws. And the last two years he goes, Freddy, I don't, I'm not very good anymore. I said, but that's the thing I said, dad, it's not about that. It's about the hour we spend together. You know I, like, fuck you, I'll figure it out in spring training. Oh, I hit every day there, but I just wanna hit with you and this is our thing, you know?


And So cool man. Yeah, he's still throwing, he, he's, he thinks he's not very good, but I think he's great. Nice man. That's all the best you can somewhere over the plate. Hell yeah, man. Yeah. That's so fucking cool, man. Yeah. Well, you, you guys have shared a incredible moment Game one, obviously walk off grand slam home run. Yeah. How the fuck did that feel? Yeah, Yeah. World Series base is loaded. Like what does that feel like? Yeah, I, I don't really remember it. I've kind of blacked out. I can only imagine. We talk about it all the time. You're trying to, I got really excited. I can't, yeah, I can't remember the feeling it's, but when they walked Mookie intentionally, which I knew they were going to left on left, I just kind of, you kind of figured the situation out and I started replaying.


So I watched Sho Hayes at bats against Nestor Cortez. 'cause every time Shai walks into the box, the pitcher feels like he is backs against the wall. So I was like, what is he gonna throw if he, if he thinks his back's against the wall? Which it was, This is brilliant man, fuck, love this. And he was throwing cutters and sliders away. Toho, hey. And then like heaters in and up and in. So I usually look away to just drive the ball to the left center. And I was like, you know what, I'm gonna switch this up and I'm gonna look closer to me so I don't swing at the cutter or slider away. So I was looking heater in to like up and in and I guessed right. Guessed Fucking dude. Perfect dude threw, he Threw it right. So good in the Spot I was looking.


And I mean, you, you still gotta hit it and you still got, because you can make you miss mistakes all the time. But I just hit it and I, I knew it was gone right when I hit it. You know, those are the ones where you just hit. Ooh. And I don't know why With Statue Of Liberty or anything like that. I just, Yeah. It was just Because I don't Like don don't pimp home runs. I don't do that. I just usually hit 'em and just run around the bases. But walk Slam in the world, that's one you style on. Yeah. That is one style on, that's the Only style I got is walking and pointing my bat. I got nothing Else. That dude. And it was fucking awesome dude. Yeah. And so I, I mean we got a picture sitting up right here, dude, that is so fucking iconic, man. That's so good. So I usually we wave at the bullpen, but when I looked at, when we come around second base and we lay wave to our bullpen guys, they're going nuts.


Obviously. Nobody's even looking at you. They're not in the bullpen anymore at that point. Right. If it a walk off. They're out in the bullpen. And that's why I just went like, Ah, like started screaming at them and I obviously got the home plate. Miguel Rojas goes like, Freddy, stop jumping. Like, I don't want you to get hurt. And If, you see it, there's a, I look at him and says, I don't feel a thing. I'm just screaming at him. And then that's so Electric, man. I knew my dad was sitting front row 'cause he, he was sitting right, right in the front row of the seats. And for some reason, I don't know, I just was like, you know what, I'm gonna share this with him. So I ran over and just screamed in his face. There was no, no words, no nothing. And we were just screaming At each other. Oh, there was a lot said, there was a lot said in that scream. It was a lot.


It was all understood. It Was an hour conversation in those two screams, you know? Yeah. So funny. I love it. It was, it was just like, you can't script it. I mean, bottom 10th World Series Yankees, Dodgers, everyone's been talking about it all week. And to walk it off and be the first one to, to do it on a grand slam, that was, you know, it's, I wish I could feel, remember that feeling though, dude, you Know, this is, this is Like a little legit, legit chill. Was just thinking about it, dude. Fuck it like a legit Kirk Gibson moment. Like this is for Yeah, it's crazy man. It's, it's unreal. Yeah, Kirk Kirk actually reached out and said congratulations. Did he? So that's cool. He's a good, he's a good man. He, he does radio TV for the Tigers now, so I would get to see him quite a bit.


Nice man. It's, it's the link together now is pretty special. 'cause you know, he came out and hit that, that home run against Dennis ERs Lee and they won the World Series that year. But then like Joe Davis calling that he, I mean, couldn't have asked for a better call on that. That's for you. Yeah. It's all about the announcer. Sometimes if they nail it with the call, it makes it back much better. And luckily we have, yeah, we have Joe Davis all year round and then to have him for Fox too. And that was special. It just, everything just went perfectly together. Well, I wanna go back to what you were just talking about 'cause I don't, I love nerding out about, I guess player's process. So when you say you're looking in, what do you mean by like, are you're still looking out at the ball coming out of his hand though, right?


Like that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay. I, so I pick, so I'm a lane hitter, so, okay. Like say, here's the, let's just put a square up. So usually I'm looking outer third of the plate just so I can stay in and just line everything to left center. 'cause I'm left-handed. Okay. So instead IX that out because if I'm looking out there, I might swing at the cutter and slider going away from going Away from here. Oh. And I, and I don't wanna swing at that because that's just, I'm, I'm gonna be dead if I do that. So instead I looked on the inside part of the plate so closer to me. And so if I'm looking there, if anything's middle to middle away, I'll just check off of it. I won't even like attempt to swing at that. Yes. And so that's why I went closer because if he throws the cutter a slider in that lane, then it's gonna end up middle.


Middle. Right. And then I could still hit that, but I wanted to be bring it closer so I could be, so I wouldn't have to swing out any pictures going away from me. That's why I did that. Sure. That's brilliant, man. Yeah, Dude, it's, it's weird, you know, it's just because it's Just la it's not, it's off. I hear you. It's, it's a theory really. It's Science in here. Yeah, it sounds crazy When you talk About it, dude. It doesn't sound crazy. It actually sounds awesome. Dude. What were the reaction from the kids? How crazy was that? Seeing the little ones after you hit a home run like that in The World Series? Yeah, Sochar Charlie, my 8-year-old, he's like, so I hit the home run and he, that's he is asking, he goes, daddy, are you gonna be the MVP?


I said, Charlie, it's the one game. You Know The, the only thing 8-year-old Cares about You know I said, oh no Charlie, there's a lot of games left. But my three year olds don't really understand what's really going on. So, but they were all excited. They don't care. If, you go over four. That's the beauty of it, you know, over 4, 4, 4 there still, you're a dad out There swinging Bat. Yeah, you're still dad. But Charlie is really into baseball like, and like knows everything about it. So he was pretty fired up after the game. Hell yeah man, you gotta start throwing some B BP with him. If. you haven't already, man. Oh yeah. If he's got practice tonight, I'll be taking him too. There we Go. Nice. There we go. I'm gonna, might need a mask and stuff to hide, but Yeah, right.


Yeah dude, we gotta talk about this fucking in my mind, absolutely hysterical moment in the World Series. One of the fucking Yankees fans tried to take a ball out of Mookie Betsy's glove. Dude, he Didn't try to. He did? Oh Yeah. Oh my fucking gosh, dude. How fucking absurd was this? Yeah. Like What were you guys saying in the band? Like, was that like motivation? Like these motherfuckers are fucking yanking the ball Out of our gloves. What These guys, So I'm, I'm in first, you know, and I'm watching him going, I'm yelling. You got room, you got room. Just, he can't hear me anyway, I don't even know why I was saying that, but just Get What you're taught to do.


That's what You're supposed to do. Yeah. And so heavy on the comms, Catch it and then I'd see him like his arm. He's not coming back into play. I like, I'm like, what is going on? And then I could see, I could see them like trying to rip his glove over and then I see the ball go Flying Outta his. I was like, I was like, what just happened? And then all I'm thinking about was is this, Oh Man, is this, is this an out still? I Don't know. Like I was Worried about an out Imagine. Is that right? Is that about, did he catch it or not? Like what just happened? I've never seen this before. Is this in the rule books? Yeah. Have they found a rule for this Yet? Is he out? Yeah. You know, Like, So afterwards he goes, I think he said that's like one of the only couple times I've wanted to fight someone.


You know there Luke's a great dude too, man. You don't see him as, you don't see him as like one of the, one of the fights about he is As good as it gets happy All the time. Hell Yeah. But I see the afterwards because it's hard to see it in the moment. You know I didn't have a great angle of it. I just see the ball flying out and, but afterwards you can like the still picture is the fan, one fan is holding his wrist, you know, and then the other one is like trying to pull his glove open. I was like, wow, you know, Get out. What the fuck? It Was like the first or second inning and those things out super Inconspicuous. It was very smart. They, they Were there for two innings, spent $10,000 probably on those tickets and kicked out You know I just like, geez, that's a waste of money.


Huh? Not just kicked Out. I think they got a lifetime band. Yeah, they Got a, They're like never gonna be able to go back to a ballpark. They didn't, they weren't allowed for game five, but I don't know about, they're season ticket holders I guess for the Yankees. And that's, and they, I heard they said if any of that they were planning that forever as season ticket holders. Like if that ever happened, that's what we're gonna do. If That ever Yeah, they, I mean it looked like they had that thing premeditated. It Did. It was completely planned out and it just happened in the World Series on the biggest stage. It's insane. You're Gonna grab his arm? Yeah, I'm gonna go for the ball. Rip his glove open. Yeah, We got this down. Alright Frank, that's so ridiculous.


The 92 Percenters know we love talking about the TV shows we're watching on here and it looks like we have a new one to add to the list because Sunday, November 10th is the epic return of Yellowstone and it's only on Paramount Network the Way it is over people. The television phenomenon is back and everything is at stake with the Duttons darkest secrets on the verge of being exposed and as threats mount on all fronts, what will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch and their way of life? How far will Beth and Rip go to protect the family legacy and who's going to the train station? Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing. And I mean nothing will prepare you for the must-see Premier event that you do not wanna miss. Well this does sound pretty epic. I'm gonna have to tune in All Right now from co-creator Taylor Sheridan Yellowstone's Epic Return is Sunday, November 10th at eight seven central only on Paramount Network Once Again, Yellowstone will be back this Sunday, November 10th at eight seven central on Paramount Network. Check it out. 92 percentage. You're not gonna wanna miss this.


We all love our dogs. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to keep them healthy and happy. That's where the Farmer's dog comes in. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food right to your door. It's developed by vets nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies that are to the safety standards of human food. Traditional dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. The Farmer's dog isn't just fresh higher quality food, they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog that makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. That's right. And Dogs at a Healthy Weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their their health. So Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights plus you can get some free shipping on that. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Let's talk a little bit about the Dodgers team. We were talking about the adversity you guys went through all season long. You still ended up the best team in baseball through the regular season 98 games, So cool. Yeah. Do you prefer being the favorite or the one seed? Baseball is weird, like there, I guess you guys are the third team in, what was it, like 15 years or something like that? What is it? 13 In? It's been a while since 1995. Two ones I think 95. Yeah. Yeah. Two number one teams would be in the World Series. Yeah, there's some crazy stat, But the last three years they changed it where if you're have the best record you get like five days off or whatever in between. Yeah man, that's huge.


The previous two years we lost in the first round and the year before we got swept and then the year before that we won the first one but then lost three in a row. So there's always this talk of what's best, what's smart do you want? I'm like, but as we wanna be the best team you want to be, we wanted to be the one seed. Yeah. Because we got home field, home Field Advantage, the whole playoffs, you know, and, and mean. you can see we started off at Game one and two at Dodger Stadium, the World Series. Why you, why would you wanna start on the road? You know? Like that doesn't sound great, Especially in a jungle like New York, Man, you know? And get your own fans. Hell yeah, you're sleeping in your own beds, you know, you're not in hotel beds.


There's so many different, so many more pros than cons than doing that kind of stuff. So I Think it was just a lot of talk about, because we didn't play very well the previous two years, so let's, well maybe be the two seed, let's get this instead of get this matchup. No If, you just play good baseball, you're gonna like, and you have a really good team. You're gonna ultimately most likely win. It is just baseball's so hard to predict. Like last year Mookie and I went won for 21 in the playoffs. So it's like you can't really predict that kind of stuff. So it's, I say be number one C, it's just a Different game, man. Yeah. Be number one C, be the best. Get home field advantage throughout the course and do things differently like we did.


Yeah. So during those five days we watched the Padres games and like kind of a watch party of the, like the, the Braves and Padres to see who we were. And we just stayed together, you know, we watched them together, we practiced together. Usually we would just do our practice and then go home. The previous two years this year we switched it up and stayed together as long as we could try to keep it as a a unit. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah. That's awesome man. I, I think we, we were just trying to do some things differently. All of it paid off man. Yeah. You know, it's just like we said at the beginning of it, it's one month just grind this one month like no kids at the, because we, the Dodgers are great. They let us bring our kids to the field before games during the regular season, hang out all day long.


If you want, but in the playoffs we were like, let's just ax that and let's just focus on each other. Focus on this group in the clubhouse and we can give ourselves for a month to this. And you know, ultimately it paid off and obviously we played really good baseball with it too. So a lot of things just worked in our favor. That's awesome man. I've heard a lot about like the, the buy like baseball's such a rhythm sport, how much that affects you and then it's a short series afterwards. But I think I like what you said about home field advantage, like dude, just focus on being the best team. Don't fo like just win fo win games, win baseball games and the rest of it takes care of itself. I think that's, yeah, It's just like, I know Jason, you're a huge Phillies fan and stuff, so it's like if we were to go into the bank on games one and two and like say the NOCS that, how can that be good for Someone?


You know? Like it's not like you'd rather be at home as much as you possibly can. So just be the one seed and grind it out and figure out that five days. And we ultimately did it this year. Baseball season is so fucking long. I can't even imagine having to play that many fucking games. I Know it's A lot day in, day out with just a little like maybe a day or two here or there where you're not actually playing the game and it's unbelievable. And You're usually traveling on those days, so it's, Yeah, exactly. And it's just You know, I can only, yeah, it's, it's definitely the most grueling in my mind in terms of having to find your routine. Right. Can you speak a little bit on like what it really, I mean you said training camp is kind of where you get, you get the, get locked in and get the Lobo, you went to Korea and it's like, how crazy is it starting in Korea and like knowing that you got an entire 160 games left in the sea?


It's like, it's insane. Yeah. It's, it, it's a lot. Luckily this is next year will be my 16th year, so I've kind of gotten used to it. But when you, I've never started internationally like we did this year and So, we had to go to spring training about two weeks earlier than we normally do this year. And then we were playing real games in mid-March in Korea. And it's Crazy. It's Okay for position players, but it's more of pitchers like they're ramping up to be full throttle, mid-March. You gotta be faster. Yeah. And that's a lot when you think about we still have eight more months pretty much to go. Right. And you can see it like we lost Glasnow and Yamamoto both pitched in those two games in Korea and they both got hurt this year.


So it's kind of, you don't know if that's kind of a correlation of ramping up too fast, but it's it's a lot on your body to fly, Especially overseas. Fuck yeah. 12 hours, 13 hours to Korea and then play and fly back. And we actually flew back and went back into spring training after those two games that So we were playing. We played three games that didn't matter really, but it, it, it's cra and we're gonna do it again next year. We start in Japan next year and we're playing the Cubs Wow. To real games in Japan. So we're gonna have to do it. Luckily we have some experience now, but it, it, it's just a lot, you know, and you get into the routine and you kind of understand the, the flying, getting to how your body's gonna recover.


And I mean you guys, you guys know, you guys know everyone knows their bodies pretty well. So whatever you have to do to get your body ready, you just do it and you just kind of think about everything else later and Yeah, it, it, it, yeah, 162 games is a lot. I never really thought about it. You know, you just do it, you know, like it's, you just wake up and go And then you play an extra 30 If you, if you're lucky enough you play an extra 30 on top of it. Yeah. And like we did. And then you have spring training games, so you're playing pretty, like I played probably over 210 games this year. You know, it's, and now you get a couple months. We played all the way through October and so now our off season's even shorter 'cause we have to go to Japan next year and I mean, spring training's in three months for us.


That's insane. And it's just like, It's absolutely insane. Wait A second. Yeah. I need more than that. I need more Than three months off. Yeah. Especially going into 16. I hear you brother. Yeah. Do you think baseball gets to that point? Is it, do you think it's gonna be an international league? I, I think it's hard. I Mean obviously the expos were You know I Just saw the Blue Jays. I think it's just more of the flying Montreal So. we do like a London series every year now and it's hard to, because you have to fly over there and play and then come back and your body clocks are off. You just don't have enough time, I don't think to be able to fly to these countries all over.


I think it's still a North American game just for the travel aspects because then if you're going internationally, you're affecting other schedules and teams and stuff like that. So yeah, I Think it's just ultimately be like the couple games here and there in different countries to grow the game, which I think we're doing a great job of. Hell Yeah. To have a team in England. I just don't think it's really possible because of the travel of that. Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, Absolutely. If I'm commissioner one day, we'll just figure it out. There We go. There we go. Comm Freeman. Get 'em dialed in baby. Yeah. Did you catch a shout out from LeBron?


I heard and he spelled my name wrong. Did he the first time? Yeah. He, he spelled it with a y there. It's yeah, I'm very particular about my name. I yeah, I just spell it right. You know. I heard, I heard he corrected it. He did? Yeah. He put, yeah, he put the IE on it. 'cause a lot of people I think started correcting it. I don't know why in particular about my name, but, Well, it's your name. It's a good, yeah, I, Yeah, it's a good thing to be particular about it. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. LeBron's come to a couple games, you know, throughout the course of the regular season. So it's, it's pretty cool. I mean, as athletes you just respect everybody and hell yeah. Like LeBron is the greatest basketball player of all time, so it's kind of, it's pretty cool.


I'm there With you man. Yeah, it's, it's special. You just, I guess you just means you've done something really good, you know, if people Oh, for sure. You know, you know, like hopefully we can keep doing it in the city of LA with him. We're going, I think we're going to Laker game on Friday, so the Dodgers. So we'll be, be There. Nice man. Guys gonna be on the floor again. Recognize this. Awesome. I think so. Yeah. I think they're, because it's the first home game since we, we, we won it. So I think a few of us are gonna go and, you know, we'll we get to see The, the Show baby. Yeah. That's awesome. That's a fun Them and Ad You know I. It's gonna be cool. Speaking of LA what was the parade like? I know the last Dodgers team missed it, right? Yeah, because it was the covid year. Yeah. So what was, what was it like to start out? Yeah, it, it was pretty, pretty amazing.


We did it kind of around city hall about a mile long. Yeah. There was fans on light poles, just every trying to just get a glimpse. Yeah. Oh Yeah. And I was on the bus with Walker Bueller, so, and Kike Hernandez. So our bus was a little crazy. Yeah. Oh there we go. Rowdy bunch. It, it was just, I think they haven't, they haven't had a parade for Dodgers since 1988. Right? God damn. I Think it was a long time coming, so 2020 they didn't have it. So I think there was a lot of making up to do with the, the Bands. Yeah. We're we're going both celebrations. Yeah. Yeah. They they put it all in one. Yeah. I think when we won they were, they went nuts the night we were in when we were in New York, they were going crazy in LA so they, I think they're still celebrating.


'cause I think TK did raising Canes, like he was out there like kind of doing that kind of stuff and they were in full force. Dodge fans are so great. I mean fuck yeah. We have 53,000 people every single night. It doesn't matter if it's a Tuesday on June 2nd, you know, they're out there in full force. Cool man. So it's just a special group of fans and they were waiting a long time for this. Yeah. It's crazy. After you win. That was one of the things I missed when we won the Super Bowl up in Minnesota, you see on social media that like the entire fan base is taking over the city of Philadelphia. Like Broad Street's just lined with people. Yeah man, that would've been so cool to be in that moment. Buses Are being, being set on fire. Everything they had to grease the poles.


Yeah. I think there was a couple things set on fire in LA or the night we wanted to, Hey man, listen, it's the time to do it. Nothing says celebration, like public vandalism. It's the best. Yeah. That's why I don't, I don't wanna speak any of that into out there and have, go for it You know I. Think both of you are parade pros. You Know, big parade guys. Big parade guys. The Kelsey love the parades. We do, we do. I'll tell you. Did you have any, did you have any beers thrown at you? Yeah, we actually had one hit, one of our wives. See dude, that's what I'm saying guys. It actually Gets a little Dangerous. Got we gotta we gotta not throw full beers.


Yeah. Alright. We can't It's like a fucking, it's a gr it's a grenade. We can't do that. Yeah. One of our wives got hit. Yeah, it got stitches and yeah, it's because you don't, you can't see all 'em all. So like, there's Are you kidding me, dude, I I never see a flying beer coming. It's ridiculous At all. And then they throw the little like little shots, fire shots, shooters shots, fireball shots and you're just boom, getting punked in the head all over the place. And then I had my kids with me, so I'm like trying to like block 'em and Yeah. Yeah. But it it's dangerous. But. yeah. I think she, she took it like a champ. She got the, the stitches and moved on. Nice. We're from Cleveland, Ohio.


We think of la, New York. Like these are like the mecca of sports, right? All the, the Dodgers, the Lakers, the Yankees, the Knicks, the, it's like, it's kind of like the, the Legends. I, I mean Gretzky played both, both sides. He played for the Rangers, he played for the Kings. You're literally one of those like coastal legends that have ever played the game. Like, dude, you're probably gonna have a statue outside of Dodger Stadium. If you holding up the bat after you hit the fucking World Series Home run. Dude, how fucking cool is it to like play in like a big market like that and to just reap the benefits of like having 53,000 in the stadium every single game.


Yeah. It's, it's special. When I first came over here in 22, the, the Freddie Chance from the first time I got there, like, it's hard to even really put into words. So cool man. It it, it really is Cool. And the last, these three years I've been here just like you, when you ev okay, so when I was with the Braves, when we came in to play the Dodgers, it was like the energy level of the, of the stadium. It's just like you, you raise your, your senses and your, you want to play that much better when you walk into, into Dodger Stadium, their speakers feel like the speakers are like inside. Like they're like Yeah. The base it You feel in your boat.


Yeah, you really can. And it's just an incredible fan base. Everyone has eyes on LA and how we're gonna go about it and then you sign show, hey, and you spend, like, we spent this past off season, so now really, and it's almost like people are waiting for you to see if you're gonna fail with all that that you've done. And for us to go out there and not fail and win the whole thing. Yeah. That makes it a little bit sweeter because I think everyone was waiting like, oh, there's their flaw. There's their flaw. Right. That's what's wrong. Oh no, they can't do that. And I think that's what they were waiting for, but to do something where like, so I went to Jimmy Kimmel last night and we got picked up and our, our driver goes, you, you made me cry three times this year, you know, and it's like one was the grand slam obviously with my son Max and my, the story of my dad.


So it's just when you have people that care so much and for you to be able to do something to make people happy and that's what's, that's why we play sports. It's to bring joy for three hours, fuck four hours to people and unite to be able to bring that to households around la, California Dodger fans all over. I think that's what's more cool to me. Hell yeah. After all this time. And to bring a championship to what southern California where I'm from. That's, that's pretty special too. And for my dad and my family to be there. Yeah. I don't know about the statue. I feel like you have to play more than 6, 7, 8 years with one team, but we'll, we'll see.


Or, or you just gotta hit a Grand slam. The World Series, you know, Nick fo Nick, Nick Foles has a sta Yeah. Just walk off Grand Slams every year. I'd rather not do that. I'd rather just win 10. Nothing every time, you know? There You go. There you go. Dude, what was it like, was it the circus that everyone felt like it was gonna be bringing Shhe Tani to la? Yeah. How crazy was it when he first got there? Did you like feel the attention kind of go up a little bit more? Or what? Oh yeah. So when the first day I showed up to spring training, shhe was already there and I'm pulling in and you know, I've already spent two years with Dodgers and when I pulled in there's probably a hundred cameras just filming every car that drives in, you know, oh shit.


Because they don't know which one's Shhe or Yoshi Nobu, you know, Yamamoto. Yeah. So it's mostly all the Japanese reporters and Sure. I've never seen so many cameras throughout the course of the year then I did this year it was mayhem everywhere we went. And so Shhe started leading off at the end of the year and we have Mookie hitting second and me hitting third and it is, it it this Mookie and I started laughing. So it's like, say it's the top of the eighth or top of the ninth. Shhe has this last at bat. 15,000 people are just immediately get up outta their seats and just walk outta the stadium because they're like, oh, show's done so Whoa, stop.


And, and I are On deck and we're like, geez, they don't care about us That way. That was quick I like, Man, okay. And that's what it's a, like Shhe is such a like global superstar, right? And everywhere he went, every city it's, they wanna see him rightfully so. I mean he went 50 50 this year. He is gonna win first. MVP is dh. It's, it's, it's, he's just incredible. And what people forget is that he rehabbed, he's rehabbing Tommy John and so he was rehabbing and getting his arm and then he goes out and hits 50 home runs. It's special to watch him go about his business every day.


It, it's crazy. And he, he's gonna be pitching next year and it just, it's just right back, it's mind blowing. It really is. That's what we do in like Little League and he's doing it in, you know, yeah. Those big leagues, you know, like yeah. It's, it's mayhem everywhere we go because of show Hay. That's awesome. It's gotta be fun as hell man. And probably a little bit sweeter when you, when you can, you know, find a way to come together. And I know he, he had the shoulder there at the end of, of the World Series, so finding a way to win it for him, knowing all those cameras are on him and, and Yoshi man that shit had to be cool, man. Yeah. I mean, we don't, but like, even though he got hurt and we were able to bring it home for him, like N-L-C-S-N the Home run, he hit off the sea in the NLDS.


Like there's so many moments and that we would never be where we were without Yoshi and Shhe and you know, for Shhe to get hurt at the end of game two and for us to still go out there and win it, that just shows you how good our team is. And it will be for a long time. It should be a special few years. Hopefully. You guys got a good culture, man. It seems like everybody's in it for the right reasons, man,


after years of fine print contracts and people getting ripped off by overpriced wireless providers. If we've all learned anything, it's that, that there's always a catch. So when we heard that all MINT MOBILE wireless plans are $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, we had to wonder what's the catch? But soon it all made sense. There isn't one Nice Mint mobile's secret sauce is that they, they sell wireless service online. They don't have retail stores or salespeople. They deliver premium phone plans directly to you. So say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. MINT MOBILE is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at $15 a month. How About that? All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with you to Get the new customer offer and your new three month unlimited wireless plan for just $15 a month. go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights $45. upfront payment required equivalent to about $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only Speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan Additional taxes and fees and restrictions. apply cement Mint Mobile for details.


All right. The NFL season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup. That's right from today's sponsor. seate, We have a special discount for you. 92 Percenters. You get 10% off any tickets on Seate, whether you're a new customer or not with the code. You guessed it. New Heights, That's right back for their third season with new Heights. Seate gives you sports concerts, comedy shows going to see Travis and the chiefs play. You name it, they got the tickets for you. you can grab 'em and experience a Monday night game in person like I do most weeks. SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green means good red. Nah, that's so good. So save yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek gap and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. It does not matter if you've used SeatGeek before. That's code new Heights for 10%. Off terms Apply. Once again, that's code new Heights.


Etsy knows these aren't the sounds of holiday gifting. Oh or oh. Okay. Thank you. Well, they're not the sounds you are hoping for. You want squeals of delight like this Ooh, and spontaneously written songs of joy. I am so happy. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. To get those, make everyone on your list. Feel heard with gifts like personalized jewelry, custom artwork, vintage pieces, and home decor for original gifts that say, I get you. Etsy has it For 10% off.


Freddy. We end every interview with a segment called We gotta ask. You don't have to answer though, so you can tell us the fuck off. If. you don't want to answer it. It won't be anything too crazy. And it's exactly what it sounds like. We're gonna ask you rapid fire questions and you decide whether you wanna answer 'em or not. So, okay. Jason. Jason jumping it off. Yeah. If If, you didn't play baseball Yeah. What sport would you have played? Ooh. Probably wouldn't have played a sport, Wouldn't have even done it. Did you play? No. Any other sports growing Up? I wanted to be, I wanted to be a CPA Timeout. Nobody wants to be a cpa. What? Arepa what are you talking about? Yeah, That's my, my dad. You Wanted to Do? Yeah. My dad owns his own cpa, a firm with my uncle, his brother, freaking breed CPAs and, okay.


Love numbers out. Shout out to frigging free. Let's go. Yeah. I I've made my dad retire though, so he's not, Not doing Anyway, I I wanted to be a CPA. I know it sounds crazy, but I I was gonna be doing your taxes, you guys, Do you do your own taxes now? No, I don't. I gave up on that dream a long time ago, guys. No. Yeah. That, that, that ship sailed 20 years Ago. Nice. That's so fucking funny that I'm not gonna lie. I was not expecting that. You weren't expecting cpa. No. One second. That's amazing. That's the first time, I think in the last time, probably In 2017, you defected to the Canadian national team. Okay.


How do we get you back to the us? How do we get you back on the US team? I wouldn't say it defected. Yeah, right. So, I mean, if anybody knows my story, both my parents are Canadian. They're born and raised in Canada. I lost my mom when I was 10 years old to melanoma skin cancer. And she never became a US citizen. She was Canadian through and through. So I do, I represent Team Canada on the national stage to honor my mother. That's beautiful, man. I don't know if that's what she wants would want me to do, but that's what I feel like I should be doing. So unfortunately, I don't think I'm gonna be coming back to the United States in that. It's just, I do it for my, for my mom who passed away when I was 10.


Yeah. A story like that. Man. Hell yeah. Go ahead. That's as good as a reason of I've ever heard, eh, yeah. Yeah. Dude. CPA Anding to Canada. What else we got? Yeah. In April, 2021, you were struck out by Cub's. First baseman, big Riz man, Anthony Rizzo. Ah, Geez. Yeah. Yeah. Should the Yankees have maybe just thrown him in there at the game when the bases were loaded there? The World Series? He actually said that to me in Yankee Stadium. I Think it was game three or four. He goes, you know what? I should have pitched, you know, against you.


You know what, what's worse about that? I was four for four with, in that game with a home run. And I struck out against Anthony Rizzo and I was Like, You ruined my whole night. You know I ball throwing meatballs, man. I was doing good. But It's like, that's too funny. It's so hard to hit against position players because you lose your approach and you just like, and Anthony is a friend of mine, so I'm just laughing at the mound At the fact that, yeah, he starts Flipping up 50 mile an hour curve ball. So I'm just like, what are we doing? This is the make the leap. And I struck out and I'm like, This is embarrassing. You know? Reminds Me of, what was that? Oh my gosh, it's not rookie of the year. What's the one where like his arm Has to get Yeah.


And he has to do the underhand one at The end. Yeah. Yeah. It looks under his glove and sees it's his mom's glove and yeah, it's his mom's softball gloves. So he throw a soft pull the car sees his mom. Mom. Yeah. And she's nodding in the stands and he just LOBs it. Yes. Dude, you know what to do. Classic. All Right. Show Ani signed the largest contract in professional sports history at 10 years. $700 million. Damn. Yeah. Does he ever make you pick up the check? We actually split the last one, so, Oh, there we go. Yeah. Very good teammates. So, we, we did a team dinner in New York and yeah, shhe and I split and with Kershaw, so a lot of that's deferred.


So he is not really getting paid, you know, that is, I did. So they still do deferred contracts in baseball and that helps. He, 68 million of his 70 million a year is deferred And it's like through like 2050 or something like that. Right. It's like ridiculous. Me, Mookie and Shhe are gonna be like 50 years old, still getting checks. You know I heard. He makes a ton off the field. So I think he's doing, he's Doing He You have any juice force? What's something people would be surprised to hear about Tani? Because it's still very much a mystery. 'cause he is, he's still like kind of learning the English Language only. Right. The only thing I could say is when he gets on the plane, he literally just reads comics the whole flight.


Oh Yeah. Really? Yeah. Are they are anime, are are any like, is he like Charlie Brown in it or like what kind of comic Are No, it's like anime comics and that's what he reads. Oh, nice. All flight. It's, There you go. And Jason was a big anime guy. I wanna be a cpa, you know, so I hear you. He wants to read comics, you know. Yeah, I get It. Sit down with some Dragon Ball Z. There You go. Yeah, exactly. Go, come. Can you tell us the story of Chipper Jones saving you on a A TV? Yeah. Okay, so this is 2014. We are doing like kind of a Braves caravan. So you go like, kind of before the season starts and in Atlanta you can get snow every couple years in the, in the wintertime Of course it decides to snow that one day.


And my wife's and I house is about 40 minutes from Turner Field, the old stadium. And that's where we were, where, where we were during that caravan. And when they decided, okay, it's snowing, we all gotta go home. So, but we go out and they had let everyone out in Atlanta at the same time. Schools work, everyone like go home. And it just, it just became like Snowmageddon, that's what they were calling it. So I lived 40 minutes away and chipper and I lived about, you know, like 0.1 miles from each other. So, we were pretty close and I made it to about, I would say 10 minutes from our houses after about 12 hours.


Stop it. Yeah. So I was trying to get home and you just got cars going up hills and sliding back down, so you really couldn't really go anywhere. So I pulled into a parking lot, about 10 minutes from our house, and I had like 1% battery left in my phone. So I texted my wife a picture of where I was and I was like, I'm just gonna sleep here and just wait, you know, till the next morning. And my wife was actually at Taylor and chipper his wife, their, their house and Chipper decides to go full camo. Hey, fucking Doing anything buddy. Yeah. He goes, I'm not leaving him out there. So yeah, Chelsea shows chipper the picture and goes, oh, I know where he is.


No. And within 30 minutes later, Chipper's coming on an a TV, Like he's in the parking lot, like Skidding through, You know, here to save the day. And I was like, no way. This is Justly beautiful. That's so good. He brings me A jacket and he ats me home, ATVs me back to his house and has a fire on. And I'm like, I was not cl wearing clothes suited for snow and I am just shivering and dude. Yeah. Chip legitimately got me. I would've been sleeping in a car, you know, all night But. yeah, yeah. This is so and so. They made bobble heads and did all that kind of sorts for for that. You pulled, you pulled up on the a TV like, like Lloyd Christmas on Dumb and Dumber.


Just exactly. I I I was literally like holding, shaking. Yeah. It's a good story now. But at the time I was not good. Not the best dude. I'm not gonna lie though. That had to be pretty epic. You see the a TV coming right at you like, what the fuck is this? And he like slid it into it. It wasn't just like, came up and just stopped Dramatic. That's dude, He was having so much fun with it, you know, 18 miles A this ho Trinity to a kid a few miles back. Oh man, that's fucking gold. You were voted friendliest infil to chat with on base by your fellow Major League baseball players.


Did that surprise you? What is, what happens at first base? Yeah. Do you even have this be an award? Yeah, I, I didn't know that was an award until I got told that I was voted that. I mean, I, I'm friendly, I I like to talk to everybody. If, you get a hit and get the first base. I always tell you, nice job. Nice hit this game's hard. Yeah. Fuck Yeah, life is hard so I'm gonna, I'll, I'll pick you up. And a lot of 'em, since I've been playing so long, I've gotten to know a lot of people. So most of the time like we're just kind of like, just talking about life and obviously this year everyone kept asking me about, you know, my son Max and it is just conversations. But usually around August people start talking about fantasy football at first base, like who you gonna take and stuff like that.


It's just, I'm just, I just talk to everybody. 'cause sometimes when you do talk to someone, you can pick someone off and there You Go. Train of thought, get Distracted. I'm not trying to do that. I'm Actually, that's a change because five ever. Yeah. I'm just generally like talking to you. But if we do pick you off, I'm sorry, but yeah. Nice. No, I just, I I just talk to everybody that gets to first base. It's, it's fun. Sports is fun. It's not football. I'm not trying to like hit someone, you know, it's baseball's different, you know, it really Is different. You gotta pick those battles too in football. You don't want to get anybody too fired up too or ri up. No, like a guy like Max Crosby, you don't wanna, you only want to talk, show my shit to Max. Max is gonna turn into absolute fucking havoc. If If you say the wrong things.


Who's, who's the guy that you would vote for is the friendliest like Lin do Francisco Endure when you get to second. It's always great. And then like Ozzy, Alby, brave Second Baseman's. Wonderful. Rizzo obviously at first Joey Vato was another very talkative Oh, Joey. Yeah, guy at First. Fuck. Yeah. So there's a lot of guy, a lot of guys in baseball are just friendly and yeah, kind of just talk. But being a first baseman, you encounter everyone. So yeah, there's a lot of good guys in sports. But I go with Lin Dora at second base, he is probably the next friendliest. Have You ever pulled off a hidden ball trick? No. Gosh. Do you think, do you think it's like, do you think you can do it? Dude, I don't want to go that low. That's kind of, yeah, That's, I Think it's kind Frowned about.


I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't do it. No, I I would've beat you. Fair and square Coach Is like, we're doing it this week, we can pull it off. I'll just tag you and throw it back more because If, you don't pull it off. You look like an idiot. Yeah. Just trying to tag someone on the base. Yeah. Just, or waiting as just come on, just throw the ball back to the pitcher. So good. What's your, what's your least favorite pitch? I think the hardest pitch to hit is a well located fastball. Like, to be honest, if you can locate your pitches, pitching always is gonna be better than hitting. If you can locate your pitches, you're always gonna get us out. It's so hard to hit that. But hardest Thing in sports, I just don't like cutters.


So stuff Mo from Righthander moving in, even though I did hit a couple of 'em in the World Series, but all Man we're good. Yeah. But Just a few. That's a good way to answer it. Just, just the pitches that you're really nailing. I don't wanna Tell people, man, I really hate when they throw that fast ball right down the middle of the plate. It's the worst that I. like I don't, I don't wanna see like 90% cutters next year, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. But the best pitch is at well located fastball because If, you pitch off your fastball then it sets up all your other pitches, right? And so that's kind of how it works. But it's so hard to hit your spots and that's why, you know, we, we make what we make because it's hard to hit those spots three times in a row. No Doubt.


No doubt Actually. Well located fastball hardest pitch. Nice. Awesome. Well speaking of well located fastballs and pitching, Jason thinks they should move the mound back in baseball. He says getting, I thought it Might be, it might increase offense a little bit more, you know, Just a bit. Just like maybe one Foot, go back to Commissioner Freeman. Do you, would you, would you ever consider moving the mound back in baseball? I do not agree more because I Think it would cause more injuries to pitchers. Ooh. Oh really? Guys would probably wanna throw a harder, I think they would try and throw harder because they're Gotcha. Even a foot away. They might try and throw harder and I mean you can see like there's a lot of injuries in baseball and pitchers. Yeah. And I mean we're throwing 95 to a hundred every guy's doing that.


So it's crazy. If, you move it back even a foot, I feel like they're gonna try and throw it harder and I Think it just more injuries would happen. The only thing I say if I was commissioner is getaway night games should be illegal. No night games On getaway days. Oh nice, nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Saying I got you CC said the same thing. Yeah, CC said the exact Same thing. We don't get in, there's like, there's, we we're getting in at 4:00 AM like there's no way our bodies are good enough and like the next day you're just grinding, you know, and you're not your best self. So I think we should do get it with that would be my only thing. But I get the Sunday night baseball and stuff like that. But. yeah. The league should do that, man, that seems doable, But I get it. It's like it's a Thursday in whatever city you're in and you have a one o'clock game.


People can't come, you know, because they're in work and I, I, I do get that, but it's hard on us. But Yeah, they wanna capitalize on prime Time. tv. TV and all But. yeah. Well you're fair, you're fair guy. We've asked a bunch of guests this following question. Do you think there are any major league baseball players that could cross over into another sport? Whether it's the N-F-L-N-B-A? Oof. I saw Mookie run some routes before I seen Lukey run. He can do, he is, he is pretty athletic in a lot of different sports. Sports. I like think Mookie could do it, but Mookie is also 155 pounds. So Yeah, If he got hit, I don't know how Mookie's gonna get back up, you know, Hey There's some, yeah, I would say Mookie bowling, he already does it.


Yeah, he's Already a professional er, Professional bowler. I think there's guys that could do it. I it's two sports is so hard, like at the highest level. I mean, yeah, you guys are like, there's no way we could go in there and run a route and catch a ball with someone coming and gonna take our heads off. I am gonna be running straight to the sidelines, please Me. You know, like there's, It's just what you guys do is special. What we do. What basketball players like, it just, there's a reason why you guys are the best and let's just stick to one sport. Just crazy, crazy talk. Maybe go, I'm sure there's golfers, like pitchers and golfers, Dude, there's, a's some guys that, that's a whole thing.


Golf is crazy too. Like, like those guys are so good. This Is ridiculous. It's ridiculous how much control they have of everything. I Know. It's, and the ball's not moving and you think you should just hit it perfectly every time and it just slices 300 yards the other way. It's like, Okay, I can hit the one moving but I can't, the one Staying still. Still one. Yeah. I have no one to blame but myself. Right. Oh, big wind gust. Wind gust came and knocked. Yeah, exactly. Maybe. Yeah. Alright, we got one last question here, brother. We heard that your son actually picks your walkup songs. Yeah. Can you tell us about that? Or which, which one was your favorite that he's chosen so far?


Okay, so Charlie picks my walkup songs every year. He started this in 2021 when he was around four years old. I was driving to the field one day and he goes, I said, when you're old enough, I'll let you pick my walkout songs. And he goes, well daddy, I'm old enough now. And I said, okay, okay. So Nice. It's, he loves Bad Bunny loves so nice. He, he's grows, he is grown up in, you know, clubhouses and Spanish music's all over the place. And he has, I, we actually took him to a bad Bunny concert in spring training this past year. Oh's Cool. That's Cool man. That's, yeah, I've had Bad Bunny as my walkup songs for four years and the first year in Dodgers he picked a different one.


He picked Bayla Amigo, which means dance with me. And that's kind of the song we've kept. But then another, he has another one. He picks Bad Bunny every single year. So Does he, does he speak Spanish? No. Does he understand the songs? If He knew, if he knew what, if he knew what Bad Bunny was saying. I don't, I I, I wouldn't allow him to listen to The, To the music anymore. There was one song he picked and I was like, I told Chelsea, I was like, we can't play this. I can't Walk up to this, I can't walk up to The playlist 'cause everyone like Dogger fans speak Spanish. So I'm, I can't, I can't walk up to this. And I'm like, I'm a married man of three kids and what he's saying doesn't correlate Way to do your homework though.


Yeah. Way to do your homework. Some lyrics and I said, Charlie, we can't pick that One. You got to, yeah, sorry, but I'm gonna have to pick another one. Sorry. But actually you're gonna have to stop listening to that. I can't have you out here just singing those lyrics. He Actually did say, he goes, daddy, I might pick something else other than Bad Bunny next year. Yeah. So I'm like, whoa, he is. So we'll see. Maybe he picks my, my neck, my back. But it's been Bad Bunny for four straight years, so we'll see what, Hey, it's working. I Know, right? Maybe you gotta stick with it and bad Bunny's a great dude, man. I got to meet him a few weeks ago, man. He is awesome. Oh, he's picking some good, he's picking, picking. Good dude. Good, good guy's. Music. Well, brother. Yeah, that does it man. Yeah, that was fun guys. Ready? You guys Are all, thank you.


Appreciate, thank you so much. Congratulations World Series MVP. Could it be happier for you, man, family guy, go ahead and enjoy this off season. I appreciate it and all the doors that open up when you, Hey, you know I'm working for it baby. Yeah, yeah, you know it man. I'm gonna start listening to some bad bunny Right now You the best brother. All right guys, I appreciate you guys. Alrighty.


And that wraps up this episode of New Heights. That's right, thank you. Of course your guest, Freddy Freeman, Freddy Free. Make sure you subscribe on YouTube to the new Heights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. We'll be back with a new episode on Wednesday Of course and that'll be to recap week 10 in the NFL reminder, you can listen to new Heights episodes early And ad free now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. You heard that man? Go ahead and join the Wonder Plus man, let hear about us. Talk about some film reviews or you know, just the old Heights headline. That's right, ladies. All right. Once again, new Heights, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show. That's with one s. And thanks to our production and crew, we love you guys and to the 92 Percenters. We love you guys too. Thanks for tuning in this week, man. We'll see you guys next week. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The farmer's dog. We love our dogs. That's right. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy and Happy. The Farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food. Right to your door is developed by vests nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To safety standards of human foods. Traditional, Dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion Accurately. That's right. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food and they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs At a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping.