
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today, football is finally back, which means it's time to order your favorite game day. Food snacks, And drinks on DoorDash without missing a play. If you've ever been disappointed with your game day spread, you need to fix That ASAP by checking out our friends over at DoorDash How about That Jason. what goes into the perfect game day spread? Man, listen, you can't go wrong with beer. Yep. Pizza. Yep. Wings. Yep. I'm not gonna lie. A Nice cheese plate. Yeah. If it's done well, yep, I'm in. I'm in on some nachos. You Know m saying nachos. Ooh Nachos are good, but it doesn't matter. If, you agree with me? Just use promo code New Heights 24 for 50% off up to $10 in value. When, you spend $15 or more on your first order Limited time offer terms Do apply. DoorDash your door to game day greatness your door to more Download the DoorDash app now to order your game. Day favorites. Must be 21 Plus to order alcohol. Drink Responsibly Alcohol is available only in Select markets.


It's time to shout out our sponsor Audible. Audible lets you enjoy all your audio entertainment in one app. You'll always find the best of what you love or something new to discover. And if you're looking To try out a new genre, audible has you covered with their incredible selection of audio books. You can also discover exclusive audible originals from our top celebrities, renowned experts, and exciting new voices in audio. That's Right. Trav Audible includes thousands of podcasts from popular favorites to exclusive new series. Plus, The Audible app makes it easy to listen anytime, anywhere while traveling, working out, walking, doing chores. And as an audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. There's more to imagine when you listen. Try Audible today at audible.com/new Heights. Again, that's audible.com/new Heights. Check it out.


We all came to see Travis and lemme tell you something. He was just trying to act like he was so professional as a football player, so focused. Then he came out there with that stupid mustache to act like with this stupid mustache All Right. now welcome back to New Heights Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and presented by Timberland and Vans How about it. I love some buddies, baby. Gotta love the checkerboard Vans too. We are your host.


I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland, Heights Ohio. Yo Cincinnati Bearcats alums. And we're officially in quotes, this is not me saying, this Sexiest podcast hosts live according to People Magazine, the reader's poll. So, oh, nice. Yeah, we had a whole bunch of people vote on who the Sexiest podcasters were and Who are these other guys? Jason Guys. Sure enough. Sex Ass Jason Kelsey wins it for everyone. As always, everybody tuning in, subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show that is with one s Jason. Tilda people. What we got coming up. Oh yeah. No surprise here everyone. We got a great episode lineup for you guys, Baby, Starting with the big road winds for the Chiefs and Eagles Right now the Washington Hail Mary, the National Tight Ends Day Bull crap, and all the rest of the biggest storylines from Week eight How about it, man.


And I'm also fired up about our guest for this week's show. That's right. She's an incredible Emmy award-winning actress and Travis's co-star in Grotesque You the one and only Niecy Nash Niecy Nash. Betts How about it. Man, she's, she's the absolute best to do it. I promise you. She's, she's so fun to work with and I can't wait to have her on the show and show you guys the fun dynamic that she has with everybody around her. Man, it's so much fun. That's right. Cannot help but smile when you're talking to Niecy. That is for nature. But first, as always, As always, We're gonna start with a little bit of that new news. New news coming in. Hot New News is brought to you by MedQuest, expand Your World With Medi Quest.


Philly Special Christmas album Pre-order available November 1st. That's right. That's right. Starting at 9:00 AM Eastern on November 1st. you can officially pre-order the third installment of the Philly Special Christmas album at Philly Special Christmas dot com. How about it, man, Jason, you, you've, you guys have been doing this for the past three years and We Have who you're getting on this, these albums keep going up and up and it just gets so much cooler to, to see you have your musical career take off like this. Yeah. My musical career. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Those, the all the, all the Heights music classes and all the Heights that Paid Off.


Yeah, it all paid off. Baby. You're not playing the sax man. You're using that. You're just using that voice anymore. That soul True voice. Oh yeah. That raspy East side of Cleveland Voice. You got that? We've got a preview of Lane Johnson's rendition of Rudolph the Redose reindeer. Oh nice. Let's see where my dog lane's hitting though. Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer. Rudolph the red. Oh this is gold. This seems This's nice. Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer. Dude, that is so fucking good. Shout out to Lane. Lane is a, he's got a sneaky voice man.


No lane's I've known for, yeah, for a long time. Even when we started doing this three years ago. Lane, He can, he can hold a tune, man. Very sneaky like country kind of southern you can like in another lifetime lane could've been a country music artist. I can see no question about it. He's got that voice, that iconic draw. Yeah, he's got that. He's got that country star like aura to him too. No. Yeah. He fits in with the vibe. Well everybody in the comments we're appreciating Jason's fuck Yeah. At the end. Jason, you haven't seen this yet. No. Yeah. And we didn't get a chance to talk about this on the show yet. Jason, you got to work with Stevie Nicks.


Yeah, baby Jason. What can you tell the 92 Percenters about this? Stevie Nicks the legendary Stevie Nicks came on and did a duet with me. Nice. Which in itself like pretty crazy to actually be on a track with Stevie Nicks. I mean, absolutely unreal. Like probably the most legendary female singer, especially of her generation. And maybe, I mean, I don't know man. It's just like a, such a unique voice, such a unique artist. That was good for so long. The fact that I'm singing with her this legend, it's So cool. Man Is pretty unreal. And and Isn't she just the best in person too? One of the nicest people I've ever talked to like Blows you away Man. Willing to like, she was an absolutely beautiful personality.


She, you could tell she likes, she loves people, she loves music, she loves the art of making music. Brought a breath of fresh air into the recording studio. We're able to actually get in the studio at the same time, which is really hard. A lot of times when we're adding a lot of the big time artists that are actually like doing this for a living. A lot of times they come on, but we have to like kind of, you know, they can't come into the studio 'cause they're busy doing their own thing. Right. Yeah. This was really cool. We got, we were able to get Stevie in studio actually sing together, which like, I'll be able to cherish that memory for the rest of my lifetime. Oh, that's so cool, man. Hell yeah. Yeah. It was just really, really cool.


We got Stevie Boys De Men is on the track. Yeah. Travis and I sing on Dude Now that you want to talk about like Full circle. That is exactly who, like when I think of Christmas music from like my childhood, like obviously you got the legendary songs from like before we were even born, but like growing up. Yeah. French Sin Sinatra. Oh yeah. You already know. But the songs that were created as like we were growing up, I mean Boys Men had so many bangers and they're, they like, when I hear their voice, it kind of like reminds me or puts me in that Christmas mood. And to be on the same same song as them is is fucking insane. Yeah. When they, when we first started doing that song, I actually didn't know If it was gonna work.


'cause it's like an r and b song. And when I think of Christmas music, I do not think of r and b. What? No, You're crazy. I don't, I just, I, I think of, you know, Frank Sinatra, I think of pop music like, you know, you got your Mariah Carey or your Justin Timberlake and this is before Boys De Band. This is just when Zach wrote the song, right. Zach Miller writes a song and I'm already Like don Don't know. This doesn't feel right. And the more you listen to it, you're just like, oh my gosh. Yeah, actually Zach killed this. R and b is perfect. And I think we all really were hoping that, you know, maybe there's a chance in hell that Boys de Men would want to co come and collaborate on this with us. And sure enough, they hopped on to Christmas time in Cleveland Heights, which is even more special.


They have a song attributing our hometown. And in some ways representation for everybody who's longing for home around the holidays was pretty special. It was awesome, man. I can't wait to to play that thing while we're in the Christmas spirit and snow's falling and there's presence under the tree, baby. How about that?


Well, there's great news for All United two Percenters. We're debuting the Heights Hotline on our Wondery Plus exclusive episode dropping this Thursday, October 31st. That's right. The interns have been through all of your voicemails and you guys did not disappoint. We're going to listen to a few of our favorites on the Wondery exclusive, so make sure you tune in. We told you guys the topic this week was relationships, but it seems like some of you didn't get the assignment. Let's take a look at this clip. Nothing. What's up guys? What's up? My name's Kurt from Kansas City. Kurt Cur from KC Shit about relationships. Okay. Thing I do know is how about them cheeses? Yeah, Kurt. Alright, how about those chiefs baby? Hey, cheese Favorite. Not much we can do with that, but love the fandom, Kurt. Yeah. Once again, the hotline number, the Heights Hotline number is 9 2 9 3 9 9 72 60. If. you wanna get access to all our bonus content? Make sure you sign up on the Wondery Plus app Today. Wednesday, October 30th is the last day you can redeem the offer for three months free of Wondery Plus. Visit Wondery dot com slash new Heights offer to redeem. And that And that. Go ahead. And that does it for new news brought to you by MedQuest. Expand your world.


How about that? I love expanding my world fan mentions of the week. Let's move on to some fan mentions. Baby. On last week's episode, Jason accepted Pat McAfee's and Van's challenge to kick a field goal in his timms, in his butts baby yo. For a great cause. And now our good friend Eagle's kicker, Jake Elliott is also getting involved. Why don't we check out this clip? All right. Jason heard what you said about kickers. I'd like to lightly disagree, fly back. If he calls you out last week, challenged you to kick in your Tims this week. I'm gonna kick in some vans, a superior kicking shoe Done, superior kicking shoe. He's got the vans on. All right, let's see it.


Let's see it. Something tells you he's going right down the Oh yeah. I mean a nice slight draw. Just how you That's pretty, how you cook it up. Very pretty. Yeah. He must have, he's done that before. He just did a nice easy 35 yard field holding. That's it's, That's all gotta be Jason. You just gotta hit it right on the nose, man. Just gotta hit it right there on the button. I'm gonna have to tow it. You can't go do a soccer style kick with Tims on Tims. You're not gonna get the proper ankle flexion, the boots. So I'm gonna have to go Lou Gross. I'm gonna have to tow it. Yeah. So instead of, and I have towed a kick. Typically you go 1, 2, 3 steps back, two to the side. This one you're just going three back, three Back. And I'm just going, Man, I'm not gonna lie hard the toe, there's a lot of room for air on the toe.


It's The chance this thing goes straight is minimal. Let's see. This trick kick though. It's a Trick. What's the trick? Oh, what, What? Now he's just, now he's just showing off. Now he's just showing off. That's crazy. How the, who is this guy? A fucking sorcerer. It's a guy, a Jedi. How the fuck did he do that with his feet? It's pretty impressive. That is very impressive. Now he did do it in Vans, like he didn't even do it in his regular cleats. Yeah. Which vans are, I mean, like he said, premium kicking shoe 92, Percenters and Pat Ee and Jake Elliott. We have a big announcement. I'm officially going to Happy Valley. That's right. Penn State this week To try college pa to try And kick I've never been, I've never been to Penn State.


Oh yeah. Happy Valley. That's your complex. I've gone fly fishing in the area, but never been to State College. So It's your kind of college you'd like that place. I'm kind of excited about this for multiple reasons. I am a little bit concerned. I don't know, If, you guys saw this this week. Somebody tore their ACL warming up. Did you see this? Yeah. That wasn't, that wasn't a good, that wasn't a good one. This is, this is one of those Don't drink and drive kids. Ali. Oh my gosh. What are we doing? What are we doing? I mean, dude, when you don't have cleats on, this is why. What are we Doing? This is why I'm going straight on. I'm not giving a plant leg. I'm just going straight through, Dude.


There's no way you make this straight on. I can't do it. I've ne I I mean the timms is a big, it's, it's, it's a factor that is going to cause me a lot of issues. If, you, you don't have to get like the flexion of the ankle. I don't think you have to go straight on. you can just go sideways. I Don't, I think the only chance I'm making it in Tim's is going straight on. I don't think I can do the soccer Style. I think you GOs more side. All right, dude, I you can go more Sideways. Maybe If, you should. Maybe I'll take my shoes. Maybe I'll take the Tims off and go barefoot and see if I can't get a soccer style. You're gonna break your fucking toe. I'm gonna break my toe. You think have weak toes. I'm not gonna put that on you. I do think you have weak toes. Well, they're pretty, they're they're wore down. You wore steel toed cleats. They, That did work. All righty.


Well If, you too would like to take on this challenge of potentially kicking a field goal in Timberland boots. Please send us your videos. If you kicking in tins. We would love to see 'em Show Jason how it's done. Dude, I know so many people that have actually messed up their legs kicking. Pat talked about it last week after he got done. He's playing soccer. Tore his hip flexor. Connor Baldwin one time he punted a ball after, after practice. Icb. I don't his knee. I don't think his knee was ever the same. Yeah, you Don't wanna get the hyper extension. You wanna make sure all those muscles are firing so one doesn't over. I mean, I, this is all, I know nothing about this. This is all what my theories are, but god damn well I Think it. It sounds like it makes sense and yeah, Just don't, don't go too hard.


Don't take hard. Yeah. Don't Go too hard. So be best of luck to everybody. Hopefully you stay nice and healthy and we can have some awesome videos of you attempting to kick in. Tims, we'd love to see that. Yes. Tag us on social at New Heights Show with one s with your kicks in Tims. That's right. Shout out again to our friends at Timberland and fans. You, you're obviously huge fans of some butters. Appreciate them supporting this kick and Hurricane Relief Fund. Souls for Souls. Let's keep this thing moving. Let's Move on to some football. That's right. Both topics. To wrap up Week aid in the NFL, both topics is brought to you by the powerful backing of American Express, starting with the Chiefs. Chiefs 27 Raiders, 20 chiefs are now seven and oh for the first time since the 2013 season.


Rookie Andy Reid is tied rookie for the win. Rookie rookie year in Allegiance Stadium Chiefs undefeated in Las Vegas. Oh shit, coach. Oh, he is tied for the winningest coach in all Legion Stadium. Nice. Yep. You guys had a new player in the building. Dhop. Yep. De Hopkins De We just got another one. Man Joined the squad. Yes sir. One of the many receivers who have been shopped close to this trade deadline for teams hoping to be playoff contenders. How was it? Man, it's awesome man. Having d Hopp in the building, having another vet, a guy that's, i i, he's such a, I call him swag champs when you get a vet that into the building and he just, he juices everybody's confidence up. He juices everybody like the aura and the, and the fun that you have in the building and just going to work.


He's just another guy that you can always rely on to show up and put in the work, but enjoy what he's doing and, and try and have some fun with it, man. And he's been awesome stepping up and yeah, stepping into the building. He had two days to get, you know, Thursday and Friday during practice to get timing with Pat and in the offense and kind of get into the routine. Everything with Coach Reeds way of doing things. And man, he's just professional, just a professional guy. He, he came in asking questions, trying to get caught up as fast as possible. And sure enough we get him in the building and, and I think the first third down we had, we went right to him baby. Yeah, right to him. And he is, he is right on time, man. Let's gonna Try out this shiny new weapon we got here. Yeah. Last Wednesday. For those of you that aren't privy to how this happened, Hopkins was traded to the Chiefs from the Titans for a fifth round pick that could become a fourth round pick.


But for all intents and purposes, it seems pretty cheap for a guy like Deandre Hopkins. Is there anything else that Deandre Hopkins needs to be ready for being a member of the Kansas City Chiefs or Chiefs Kingdom? I think, I think he's, he's such a professional man. He knows, he's been a, he knows how to win football games. He knows how to be accountable. You don't need to tell that guy much, you know, he gets it. He gets it. And, and he's only, he is only made us better already. And I I, I promise you as he gets more incorporated into the offense and gets more in tuned with Pat and how Pat likes to do things and how he likes to do things for Pat You, know I, think all of that will just make him a very vital part of this offense. And it's fun to, it's fun to have him in the building, man. It is man. It's like I said, he is a swag champ.


Just the coolest guy, you know. And he definitely juices up the room, man. Juices up the huddle. Well we have some post game comments on Hopkins from some of your teammates. Patrick Ma Holmes said as I looked back at the tablet, that's, for those of you that don't know, there's an iPad on the side of the games where you can kinda see what's happening. As I look back at the tablet, there's a couple of times where in Manto man coverage, he was just really working and winning. Mahome said of Hopkins, even the touchdown to Travis If, you look back on his side, he's open too for a touchdown. I know the type of player he is. So Pat obviously big fan of Deandre Dhop. Coach Reid was also quoted as saying he wanted to be in there more, which is positive. He finished with two receptions for 29 yards on three targets.


I understand he'll get more chances in the next game. Without a doubt. Without a doubt. And obviously we'll have more, more plays in the base game plan that we put in on Wednesdays. We didn't get him in the building until Thursday. So it's a late Edition for the week. It's hard to kind of just, you know Yeah. Throw a bunch of plays at him. Yeah, But. yeah, exactly. And yeah, you could one rewatching that game, man. He was out there breaking guys off. It's just fun. Like I said, to have him have him in the building still. Yeah, he is one. Yeah, 100%. There's, there's no drop off with him at all. Well, Speaking of throwing a bunch of things at you big yet, he had a big day. That's right. He led all receivers this past Sunday finishing with 10 receptions for 90 yards and got his first study of the season. How about that?


Big yetty back in the end zone. Ah, how's it feel? It felt good to be in the end zone, man. It hadn't felt that end zone in a long time. It was kind of like, oh shit, what do I do now? You know, it was one of those things haven't been in a while. You, you went with the natural spike. Natural Spike and it's like when you go back home, you're just like, well now what do I do? Do I go see this person first or that person first? Do I go to the high school? Do I go to my favorite restaurant? You know what I mean? You're just kind of sitting there like, what should I do? What should I do? So many things. I was lucky my, I got DHA came up and saved me because I was just kind of sitting there not doing a goddamn thing, but it was electric to get in the end zone. And anytime we get in the end zone Right now it's, you gotta, you gotta take that momentum and run with it baby. That was our focus coming into this game was not settling for field goals.


We did on a few drives and, and hurt ourselves on a few others backed up. But it's a mentality Right now that we're just gonna make sure that we give our defense touchdowns. Gotta Have 'em. Yeah. When you give Chris Jones in that front in Spags, the ability to blitz on on third downs and really bring the pressure and put teams in passing situations. I mean that is a tough, tough defense man. And, and we love 'em for it man. And I think giving them points early is, is only gonna make everybody's job a whole lot easier. Man. We Also got another big Yeti lateral towards the end of the first half, which, oh fuck. My man P Ryan was not as well. I guess he was ready for it. You guys definitely knew you were doing this one.


This one felt more planned out. Yeah, That's why I gotta, I gotta just calm down. I got a little excited. I fucking before he was like able to like get ready for the lateral, I felt like guys were closing on me and I could pitch it to him. He could get out of bounds. It was, it was way too, it was, it was too much. It was chaos. And I, I, I told him afterwards like, my bad dog, I won't put you in a situation like that again. And he, he told me, he was like, don't worry man, I'll be ready for it. But it's still, you know, when the ball's on the ground when you do something like that, all I can, all I can like hear and see is just Coach Reed just come here. Don't ever fucking do that ever again with my jersey on your back.


Don't you ever fucking do that with me. So time out is this, this one wasn't designed because this one did look designed. Most of the time when you do it, you're doing it outta nowhere on your own. No If. it was designed that he would've, I think he would've been more ready for it. I kind of just fucking threw it on him. Fair enough. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie him the ball hitting the ground. Kinda It helped. It did. It ironically threw it did help a little bit. It threw The safety off or the corner. The corner. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess that is the safety he was playing. He was playing that Two invert or whatever it Is. Yeah. So if you're gonna do dumb shit, don't do real dumb shit. It's golden rule that I grew up with. You know, if you're gonna be stupid, don't be real stupid. So there we go.


Just gotta, you know, Contain The stupidity and just, just be great. That's Travis Kelce him. Just be great. Get the ball, get it north. Fortunate that, that we got in the field goal range there and I didn't cough the ball up to the Raiders man. Maybe the play of the game. The chiefs are up 17, 13 in the third Raiders have the ball on the three yard line and we're denied. That's right. Big time goal line stand. The Raiders went for it. On fourth down Shaw, warden Sachs, Gardner Michu for a turnover on Downs. Yeah. Was the goal line stand the play of the game? That was at a point Where 100% it got me fired. It got me fired up man. I was out there screaming and hollering and you could hear how many chiefs fans were in the Allegiance stadium too.


Man, that place absolutely erupted when we, when they got the fourth down stand because we had just had a big turnover and backed up. Turnovers typically end in points and when you can steal the ball back with a team trying to go for it on fourth down, man, it's just electric. You get so much momentum. And I'm pretty sure after that we, we drove the ball all the way down and found a way to at least get some points. Yeah. A 19 play field goal drive. Jesus. Oh wow. That's a long Yeah. Drive for just a field goal. Oh yeah. But 10 minutes o clock, you guys freaking really got after it. Yeah. I don't know if there's anything more electric than a goal line stand. It is just like pure adrenaline when that fourth down doesn't work out. Oh yeah.


We also got a great post from Drew tranquil after the game. Tran. Yeah. He wasn't having any of this nonsense. Drew Tranquil said Kermit and the boys vibing out in Arrowhead West. There we go. So Allegion Stadium is now Arrowhead West according to Drew Tranquil love that was the chief's defense more fired up than usual to play the Raiders with all of the chatter was going don't Think it, I don't Think it really. And leading up to the season I Don't Think it really takes chatter for everybody to get fired up for a division rivalry. You know I think everybody knows what's at stake and everybody wants to, you know, rise to the occasion and really make their statement. All the, all the Kermit stuff that happened between the Raiders and them saying that they had the, the formula to stop Pat Mahomes.


I think that was just, you know, icing on the cake of motivation to really go out there and, and show 'em that they didn't have that formula. You know? And we gotta go out there and prove it again. We gotta prove it again when we play 'em down the road here after Thanksgiving. And I know they'll be ready because we were out there, we were in a bar fight for, for four quarters there and we're fortunate enough to, to get that goal line stand milk a lot of the clock, put some more points up on the board, get two score lead. But that team fights man. Like I said, coach Pierce, he's, he's got those guys flying around playing tough football man. And Max Crosby is a fucking dog man. He is. Yes he is. Yeah. I can't get my fucking hands on him.


I gotta be better in the rug game. It's difficult against hims. It's difficult. Yeah. And he, and he does a great job of just being, you know, wrecking havoc, man. Yeah. And he's, he's one of those guys where you talk shit like you hate him during the game. Yeah. And then afterwards it's nothing but love man. I got so much respect for him and how he carries himself and, and, and how he stands on being the face of that franchise and doesn't, you know, shy away from, shy away from anything. You know, he loves, he loves the, the Raiders organization, you can see that. And he just wants to win. Man Chiefs defense also just added a new weapon. Patriots former linebacker, Josh Uchi. Yes, sir. Had 11 and a half sacks in 2022. He's an athlete man. Sure is. He's, he's, he's like typical like Patriots backer that can kind of do a little bit of everything.


So those are always good pieces, especially athletic as hell man. My man spas, he, he likes pieces like that. Yeah. Guys that you can do all sorts of fun stuff with. That's always fun. Tra you caught up with the Raiders, rookie tight end Brock Bowers after the game. Yeah. Do you typically ask for jerseys or were you just getting into the national tight end day season? You know I, I always try and, you know, reach out to the rookies or at least the young guys getting into the league. I think Brock is obviously is leading all tight ends in, in I think receptions and catch and receiving yards. I'm not sure about receptions. I know he definitely has the yards Right now and 500 plus yards through, what is it, seven, eight games for him as a rookie.


I mean that's fucking, that's damn good right there. So he's got a lot of promise to be, you know, a, a staple at the tight end position for a long, long time at being his rookie year. And he came into the league so young only playing three years at Georgia and watching him play, man. He's, he's got some, he's got, he's got a smooth game, you know, he's, he's out there running similar routes to what I was kind of running earlier on in my career. And, and I just always, always wanna make sure I look out for the, for the young tight ends in the league and let 'em know they got my support, man. Absolutely. Well we got some LeBron stats. Travis now has the second longest active streak of games with at least one reception at 165 games behind only D Hops.


His new teammate Deandre Hopkins. That's right. Yep. With 1 69. Yeah. We guys talked about this, you guys, are you guys both aware that you're, We're both, we both know that we're, we were drafted the same year. Obviously he was drafted to Houston. I was the third rounder to Kansas City and it's just been cool to see how, how accountable he is been everywhere, every, you know, organization, every offense he's been and he is been the vocal point and I just can't wait to see how his, his role in this offense keeps progressing. But no, we haven't talked about this and I'm pretty sure, I mean, I don't give a damn about it. Yeah. I don't think either one of us are thinking about the streaks. We just go out there and we just ball. Yeah, I mean I think that you just kinda go out there and play Right now Mahomes became the fastest quarterback to 30,000 career passing yards and through his 52nd regular season touchdown to none other than Travis Kelce.


That's right. Moving the quarterback tight end duo into third place in NFL history in that category. That's pretty freaking Cool. Yeah, I'm pretty sure Rivers and, and Gates. Gates have like a hundred and like 19. Yeah. You're Never catching them. Fuck Are. you kidding me? They played tough, like they played like 15, 16 years together and Gronk and Brady, they played 13 years together and had I think a hundred as well with him going down to Tampa and, and having a bunch of tu there outside of the unbelievable career they had in New England. So yeah, that's, that's probably not gonna get touched. So I'll, I'll take bronze medal in that. I'll take a bronze medal in that. It's fun. Next week the chiefs are at home versus the bucks on Monday night Football.


Jason. Hey yo, you're in KC again. Do Can't wait. What's up? Thank you. You were, You were tailgating with the, with the the people. You were one with the people the Chief's kingdom. I was, I was as well as the Saints fan base. Yep. True, true, true, true, True, true. What do you, do you have any fun stuff you're getting into yet or do you not know yet? I don't really know yet. I think we'll find out. I mean we haven't talked about it too much as a Monday night football team. I'm gonna go out and Yeah, we'll see what we get into. I think there's, listen I love going to KC love getting to watch t tra play. So not only do I get to work the first half, but I'll be able to hang out and see a bunch of friends and family and familiar faces in the second half and catch up with you after the game.


So it's always fun when I get to come to Kansas City and watch Trab play Bands of City. Hey y'all. Well the Bucks are putting up points on offense so they're need need a big week in in terms of prep this week So, we can get on the same page and make sure that we put up some tudies for our defense man. But that's enough about the Chiefs. Let's get to the rest of the biggest stories coming outta week eight in the NFL as we start with the Eagles. Hey Eagles 37 Bengals 17 guy. How about that? Damn they put up 37 on the Bengals. Yeah buddy. Fly Eagles Fly Go Birds baby Jason initial thoughts on the game? I Thought this was the best game that he was have played collectively in a long time. I mean they were good on both sides of the ball.


The defense played well offense probably their most complete game they've played, you know, this season I'd say. Yeah. And the Bengals, I know that their record indicates that they're not very good dude, that they've spin in Every single game. Like these guys have been, you know, very close in all of them. So to be able to come out on top like this against a team that has played pretty much everybody tight in Cincinnati, I thought it was a very impressive game. And I think in particular, Jalen Hurtz played his ass off man. He was on point, he was dialed in, he was making smart decisions, the offense was in rhythm And that's the big thing like ever since AJ went down before Tampa, it, it's felt like the offense has, has been a little bit like not disconnected but you know, just very spotty and and it hasn't really been able to find that cohesiveness that that timing.


And they had it this past week against the Bengals. So it was fun to watch. Well despite not scoring in the first quarter yet again, they still put up 37 points. It was Close. It was close. They got a field goal like right after the first quarter ended I believe. But That's still though man. That's fucking, that's insane that you don't score for a quarter and you still put up 37 points. Correct. The Eagles do remain the only f best second Half ovens in the NFLI believe. Yeah. Right now that's, I mean that's a good half. It's close to turn it on baby. Yeah, they, they remain the only NFL team scoreless in the first quarter. Partly due to a Bengals 10 minute opening drive. Which is also, that's, that's pretty tough. It's an impressive opening drive starting to ice cold, just waiting for the ball to get back in your hands or get the ball for the first time.


Jalen finished with 236 yards with one touchdown, three rushing tds. That's right. Ush pushes in there Baby. No interceptions, which is always a big thing. Turnovers achill you one of the most electric plays of the game came towards the end of the third quarter though. Jalen connected with Devonte Smith. Yeah buddy. That's right. Skinny Batman for a 45 yard td. And you just gotta love it when Skinny Batman comes down with the play. 'cause you he's he's just the one of the best teammates you can have man. you can tell the guy just does the right man. You added something to the swear jar at the end of this play. Yeah buddy.


I do this. Yes you do. Oh yeah, you do fucking do that. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah, You do fucking do this man. Swear jar. Yeah, He lost his chain. Looks like it. He, he still doesn't give a fuck worse know why he doesn't give a fuck because he fucking dos this. Yeah, Just call it baby. Nah, I'm, I'm getting fucking fired up just watching it. Shit just fired me up right there. Hey God, You ain't lying.


He does it. He does. He ain't lying. He does it very well too. Glad to see him back in the end zone yet again. Saquon finished with 108 yards himself. Topped a hundred scrimmage scrimmage yards for this sixth time in seven games with the Eagles. The guy's having a fucking unbelievable season, man. If I got any notes for the Eagles, I'd say get saquon the ball. I Keep giving him the ball. Not Bad. The Eagles also scored on five of their second half possessions, like you said, they're yeah, one of the best teams in the, in the NFL in the second half that they are. And that is always a good time to turn it on Jason. What do you think has caused this offense to suddenly start, you know, having mesh, having that click, having that, you know, rhythm and, and finding finding points.


You know I don't know. I mean they've had a lot of like obviously there've been injuries. AJ and Smitty were out at a certain point and then I Think it just felt like it took a little bit to get that rhythm back. It felt like they got to a little bit more play action this week and it just felt like, you know, they were on it. Everybody was on it this week and the timing was there. The cohesiveness was there, was there, it felt like the plan all went together. It just felt in every phase from, you know, the players to the coaches, everybody was really on when this game and you know, that's one of the reasons it's so hard in football is like, it only takes a little bit to be off even when you got the players that the Eagles have.


Even when you got the guy like Jalen Hurtz back there. Yeah. So Hopefully this is something that they can build on. They can build on this confidence, this cohesion and you know, keep it moving forward because it's fun to watch man, when, when the Eagles are on, when AJ Brown is on it, it, it is a fun offense to watch for. Dang sure. Damn straight. Well let's talk a little Eagles defense 'cause holding that high powered Bengals offense to only 17 points. I mean that's damn good. So maybe the biggest upgrade since September has been the play of the Eagle Secondary. Yes sir. Burrow was one for two for 13 yards targeting rookie DB Quinan Mitchell.


It's pretty good. Cooper Dijon has allowed five receptions in on a targets for just 25 yards since becoming the starting slot. Cornerback also known as the nickel in Philadelphia in week six. Both of these rookies have been playing lights out. Quinone Mitchell has been up to the task against everybody this year. It's really been impressive to watch his ascent as a young player and then Coop started getting the, the start a couple weeks ago, as you just said in week six, the defense is just playing more aggressive and it's a lot of fun to watch Right now they've really had two subpar games when you think about it against the Saints in Tampa Bay and or Atlanta in Tampa Bay.


Sorry. They played light side against the Saints in Atlanta. Two for two different reasons. I mean Atlanta, they just could not stop that outside zone runs to the weak side and they finally have got that figured out and then in Tampa just felt like there everything was so off and like, you know, very passive in terms of what they were giving underneath. Now Tampa Bay has some great players. I mean if Mike ever, you wanna give those guys some cushions so I get it. But they have answered the bell by being much more aggressive in particular, there was a great play by Cooper Cooper Deje on a fourth down where Chase was going in motion and he even said like the moment he kind of saw Chase go in motion, he had an idea that they were gonna try and get him the ball on something quick and the sure enough they tried to throw it out to chasing the flat like Right now.


Yeah. Play, I mean was one of those motions where, where you go back and forth play, I mean that's what you Yeah. That's what you do on those kind of motions is you try and get the ball quick to 'em. Yep. Ends up played by the rookie and That's right. Sorry for saying your last name Dijon instead of Deje. I don't, yeah, I think that's it. I mean it makes sense. That's how it's spelled. Jason you got any final thoughts on the game? Is it are the Eagles? I think they're a new team because they're continuing to get better. Nice. And continuing to evolve as the season's going. Nice. You know, we've known this, we've known that the Eagles have great players. Have they been like the best team every single week? No, because this is a, this is a process of getting better each and every week. The defense has shown that they're being more aggressive in the secondary, the defensive line has really stepped up on offense.


Jalen Hertz played his best game of the year in part because all the weapons are there. The offensive line made him feel really comfortable. Him and the coaches continue to get on the same page, especially with new play caller Keller Moore. And he just felt comfortable back there. You could tell. Yeah. You know, as long as that continues to trend in that way, you're gonna see a great team from Philadelphia. 'cause they have the talent, they have great coaches and great scheming. Like this is a awesome to see. This is what I think everybody expected to see outta Philadelphia going into the season. Yeah, this is the standard. This is the standard. You know, They got a big game this next week in Jacksonville. Well Doug P yes they do. Ooh, Dougie P. That's Right. The Jacks are better than their two and six record.


We all know that Dougie Peak and scheme some stuff up pretty damn good. But they also have four of those six losses by less than one score. So Yeah, they, they're another team that's been close in most of these games. Their record could very easily be different. Yeah. So yeah, it's a big game this week. Well We got a few LeBron stats of the game. Jalen Hurtz is the first quarterback in NFL history to have three or more games with three plus rushing touchdowns. Yay. There we go. There we go. Jaylen, there we go. Identical twins. Chase and Sidney Brown faced off for the first time in the NFL and also made history as the first Canadian identical twins to go head to head in the NFL. Nice. Nice. Nice. That boy. Here we go.


Here we go. Eh huh. The twins facing off, eh? Hey. All righty.


We're excited about another week with our sponsor Medi Quest and the Medi Quest three mixed reality headset. And as NFL pros ourselves, it only makes sense for us to offer our expert opinion on NFL Pro era. NFL Pro era is a VR football game that doesn't just let you take control of your favorite players but actually gives you their view from inside the helmet in the game. you can play under center and throw a touchdown to Travis or have me snap you the ball. How about that? That's pretty cool. I Right now. Plus this season in pro era, you're not only running the offense through the eyes of the quarterback, but you're also showcasing your skills on defense by calling plays and filling gaps as a linebacker. That's right. Trav in the new defense mode in NFL Pro era, you can play against the Eagles or Chiefs so you can feel what it's really like to try to defend the brotherly shove or get trucked by Pat BA Holmes in the end zone. NFL Pro era has also put a ton of work into recreating every team stadium. That's pretty dope. So it's awesome leading your team through the tunnel onto the field at the start of every Game. So If, you think you've got what it takes to lead your team to glory. Head to META dot com slash quest to check out NFL Pro era and see everything else that's possible on META Quest. Again, that's META dot com slash quest. Check it out.


It's time to talk about our friends over at Coke Zero Sugar. That's right, Coke Zero Sugar and EA Sports College football have an exciting new partnership. When you scan a Coke Zero sugar product, you can instantly unlock the most coveted in-game currency college Ultimate Team PACS that can be used in game. Just go ahead and scan your Coke Zero sugar and it will unlock instant win College ultimate team packs that can be used in EA Sports trademark Of course College football 25 new rewards will drop every few weeks on coke.com from now through November. So make sure you scan your new Coke Zero sugar for a chance to win. Also Coke zero sugar's fan work is thirsty. Work that's right. National Football Tour is visiting college football and NFL stadiums around the country during the biggest games all season law. They'll have samples, live events, even a friendly EA college football 25 tournament on game day Coke Zero sugar's tailgate tour was just in Columbus at the Nebraska Ohio State game. Shout out to all the Buckeye fans who made that atmosphere electric. And this weekend the tailgate tour heads up to Yukon as the Huskies take on Georgia State. Swing by, if you're in the area, please tackle game day with great taste. Is Coke zero sugar the best Coke giver you might have to Try and decide for yourself


All Right. now let's keep it moving to the week eight roundup. We had a bunch of great games and a bunch of big time matchups. Let's get into a few of those and talk about a few Before we get to Niecy Nash Betts. Yeah, the fun interview talking about some Grotesquery and Sabrina 9 1 1 starting with the Monday night football game. Yeah, a little Monday night action. Obviously You know I was talking about it last night. I think everybody was talking about on Twitter, the George Pickens catch or not catch Dude. Insane. Yeah, I think everybody's been very quick to point out. He needs both feet down, not just two feet. And I, I gotta admit I had, I didn't know what the ruling was like.


He clearly got two steps down. Yeah, Right. Here it is. For everybody that didn't see it, One gets pushed and then somehow the left never touches. Yeah. So the right, the right foot hits twice the left one because he got hit the way he did. Never catches the ground, which I'm not gonna Lie, play by the defender. I mean hell Of a fucking play. And that's why you finished the play. Even if the guy's got a got it in his hands. That's why you finished the play like that. Man, I said this Last night, This is a great point. Go ahead. Yeah. Every, every once in a while there's a catch made that makes everybody reevaluate what a catch is. Like there's the De Bryant one that happened in the playoff game.


Oh There's so many Where it just like, I think to everybody watching this so much obviously should have been a catch. Yes. He catches it midway in the end zone and they rule him out of bounds. And I get it by rule, By Rule it does say both feet. You need the right and the left. I understand that. That is the rule. I just think that there's, see I go back and forth on this though too. Like by this rule, somebody could catch the ball in the middle of the field and hop on one leg till they get outta bounds and he's out of bounds. Like no, I mean come on. That's Not a catch. It's But. yeah. We've seen how much changing we, every time they add an addendum to any of these rules, Addendum nice.


Every time they add like this little like, oh it's then this or then this. It feels like it becomes harder in some ways to gauge what a catch is. Yeah. So maybe we shouldn't change it. We just know that like that like everyone knows that's a catch. Just not by the NFL rules. Yeah. I. like That was a catch played by George Pickens. Yeah. And I feel like there sh in some ways I feel like they should add an addendum and say like, Hey If, you hop twice in the same leg. Like clearly two, two separate steps that should be inbounds. But at the same time There should be good judgment clause and there should be somebody in New York saying yes, that was, I override that. That was a touchdown. I know the rules might not say it, but we just don't have enough leeway to like create rules for every single like situation.


It's just like, or maybe they change, maybe they change this and they put it in there like If, you If, you If, you hop twice and have a football player or have the possession and the counts as two feet, like one foot in an elbow, one foot in a knee, you know the all these other. But I guess two feet of the same foot is not a catch. I Mean the problem is if they change it, it just leads to like more discrepancy. Like there's gonna be one where like a guy's gonna like step and then toe drag the same foot and then people are be like, that's two feet. And it's like, dude, this was like two very distinct steps. He caught it five yards in bounds when he first like got it on his hands.


Yeah. So That's the problem with changes. God damnit. It's tough. It's tough to Me. I, I mean, I don't know how you can be out of bounds the way that Was a mind blowing play. I remember seeing it just watching When they first said like his left foot never Foot Touched. I was like, what? How is that possible with where he caught it at? And then it's like, okay. But I guess the easy way to say it is like, hey, you know, drag your foot. I don't Know. Yeah, I hear you. Straighten that Left foot out. Don't even put it in the ref's hands. Yeah, either way. Hell of a play by George Pickens And a hell of a play by the db. Yeah, That's right, that's right. National tight end day. Or as I like to call it Sunday Travis tight ends across the league celebrated Travis.


Travis' favorite holiday by setting all sorts of records. That's right. There were 16 total touchdowns, the most tight end touchdowns ever on national tight ends day. This is why it was national tight ends Day. I mean that's a brilliant idea by tight ends. Hey, let's create a national tight end. So all our coaches scheme up touchdown plays for the tight ends Charge George. Brilliant man. Brilliant, brilliant George Kittle thing right there. He, he came up with that one. This is brilliant. There was also 177 total catches on national tight end day. The most ever on national tight end day. Some highlights. I think everybody saw 49 ERs. George Kittle had a huge touchdown play. George rolling a big, he had a nice day, 6 28.


Kyle Shanahan Was definitely another Tudy man. Kyle Shanahan was definitely celebrating National Titan End day. Buck tied. And Kate Otten. That's right with Kate with their two big receivers. Kate. Sneaky solid year this year, man. That's right With Godwin receiver heaven Out. Yeah. He's becoming the old reliable with no gloves, baby two Tudies. Dude, I hate, I do, I don't know why I don't like when guys don't wear gloves. It's just not Like I have like listen to your own, but it's just like, why would you put yourself at a disadvantage? I don't understand. Like it's so much better wearing gloves. So why do you not wear gloves? Like what are you proving Whatever floats your boat finds a lost remote baby. Is It just to be like, I'm tough.


Like there's no way you're better at catching without gloves. I don't think Cade's trying to prove something. Like he's tough. I think he just, I just think he doesn't like gloves. I maybe it is Too sticky. Maybe it makes no sense to me. It's like too so much easier to catching gloves. Maybe it's not for him. There's No chance I'm not buying it. Like when I see Dtac I, like v tove would never wear gloves. I'm like, do you just love fucking your fingers up? Just put some gloves on man. You're gonna be, it's gonna feel way better. What's fucking his fingers up. Have you ever not worn a glove and tried to block? Yeah, my right hand I couldn't wear a glove on because I need to snap the ball. Yeah. Right. And I could not snap with a glove on. I hate, I wanted so bad to put a glove on this hand because it would always get cut up. It would always get bloodied.


It would get bruised and I just couldn't grab as good like the materials on hand that they make the Gloves with. So you, so you couldn't grab as good with the glove on but kdot and doesn't use Gloves can. No, that's what I mean. I can grab as good with the glove, but because I wasn't allowed to wear it, I didn't get that mechanical advantage. Wait, why weren't you allowed to wear it? Well, I was allowed to, but I couldn't snap the ball with it. It like stuck to the ball too much. You Can, So it is too sticky in times. Yeah. It's great for catching, not for throwing sometimes. Yes, absolutely. I agree With that. Well, I mean, quarterbacks use it all the time. Paid Manning was a, he's a Hall of fame quarterback. He Used, used to throw the ball and they use it. Yeah. Well I couldn't do it with with the snapping, but this has nothing to do. There is absolutely nobody who cannot catch a ball better with those rubber basically stickum gloves on.


Like, I don't believe that One day. So Dallas just got good sticky hands, man. You don't see Cade out here dropping the ball. Guy had, guy had nine catches. I don't wanna make this about Cade. I just think it's dumb when people don't take advantage of all of the modern Day call out Dallas Clark advantages to Be better for the legendary career he had. Dallas Clark was a phenomenal receiver and he would've been 10 times better. Tight, end tight. If you phenomenal. Tight end, tight End. Whatever I say, sorry. He would've been 10 times better. If he could've had on 10 times better, he would've been catching it like 10 times better. He would've been like, oh, ham. If he's catching the ball like that with no gloves, it would've been like, You're crazy. He would've been out there plucking abs. You're crazy dude. Dude, I'm not buying this. It is stupid not To wear gloves.


You're hilarious. It's not Do tight ends. Just spend all week backing OCS for touches. No, I had, I haven't talked to my offensive coordinator about touches just this tight end, national tight end day. You Should just find like a different holiday or birthday or every single week. Just anything. Tom, you know, it's my birthday, You know what's National 87 day? Yeah. Just every, did you know it's national? I shaved my mustache day. Did you know it's National Harry Chest Day? Just keep coming up with them every single week. Keep coming up with them. Just every, yeah. Washington Hail Mary. Let's get into a few other games, man. Maybe the play of the year so far.


The commanders went down 15 to 12, two seconds left on the clock. Jaden Daniels scrambles around for a little bit and then just absolutely heaves a 66 yard pass. And when I say he threw that thing from about the 35 yard line, he threw it from about the, the, his own 35 yard line. It was absolutely electric. It counted as a 52 yard Hail Mary. But let's see this pass to Noah Brown. Yep. Create, create. Let let everybody get down there. Let everybody get down there. Nice. Move around. O Line's doing a great job. Shout out to Nick. All gritty. Andrew Wiley. And then the, the heve. The heve. Yeah. You gotta have a tip man. You gotta gotta have the tip man. And then the guy in the front front and the guy in the back there for it is perfectly executed by the, by the gang over there.


Kingsbury does a great job of making sure his guys know what to do in a situation like that. And you got great players making, making big time plays towards the end. I mean, I, the Bears thought they had that thing finished. Yeah, they, they went up 15 outside, 1512 with, with a few seconds left and somehow they got into range to to, to throw a fucking Hail Mary man Somehow. Well, I mean, the first play, the first play is, that's like What I'm saying, they didn't know somehow about it. They were playing 50 yards off playing Hail Mary on the play before. Like, what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's tough. We gotta gotta like, you Gotta know, bro, when they're on the 30 yard line, they're not throwing a hail Mary. They're, if they're gonna do anything, they're gonna run like a gadget play to try and like, it's either sideline or you're running like the, the last play that you have, which is like a, a bunch of laterals.


Right. Like nobody's throwing the Hail Mary from the 30 maybe. I mean you can, but that news gonna happen. Right. So it was surprising. I mean they, they, they basically gave them 15 free yards. Yeah. To where now they are in Don Mary Territory. That's tough. They got guys talking trash. I felt, I mean, Stevenson owned it, but yeah, This one sucks, man. You got fans pointing at the, at the play telling him that the, there's a play going on While he is, he's taunting him. It Got snapped. This is tough, man. This is tough. You, you don't really wanna be doing that before the game's over with, let alone, while there, while there could be a play being ran. But obviously it's, it's magnified because he's the one that tipped the ball.


Fuck. Not only did he tip it, but, and Trav, I I'll ask you this because you are the jumper on the Chief's defensive Hail Mary. Not, not all the time. But. yeah. There is a, there is a situation where I've gone back there. Yeah, for sure. Not only was he celebrating, which I mean I I, that alone, I feel like, and he's already announced that he, that he fucked up. He knows he fucked up. Yeah. But then he also, when he jumped, he like swats up at the ball. I'm like, you're not supposed to do that either. No. Like everybody knows. Like, do not hit that ball up. You, You kind of want to stay behind the I know it's harder Trajectory. It's very hard, easier and everybody's this. You're trying to high point it. You're trying to get it deflected so it's not just like a straight catch.


Yeah. But you really wanna spike that thing down. You want a volleyball, hit that thing down. Correct. Two hands spike down is like the big, 'cause you get more surface area on the hand to hit it, get more control of it. And I like to stay behind the ball and come at it. Right. So you see how he's coming down the line of scrimmage down the goal line. He was sideways 'cause he was kind of late to it. He wasn't even supposed to be the jumper. He was supposed to be the guy in the back. I mean, everybody's, everybody's gotta try and make a play on the ball if they can. For sure. Yeah. I'm not saying that You don't know. I Don I don't know what their defensive rules were on this. They said was definitely supposed to be, They, they came out and said he was supposed to be on Noah Brown. That's that he was supposed to be on the guy in the back. But either way, like you said, even the guy in the back back can make a play on the ball if he, if he has the opportunity.


Right. Like everybody's got free reign for that. You gotta have somebody on there. You ain't supposed to tip it Up. Yeah. I like to stay behind it. I like to stay behind the ball and be able to run forward at it that way I can meet the, the angle better. Yeah. Try and knock it down. Yeah. Either way though. You gotta, you gotta try and deflect that thing down by if, if possible by all means. And he just, he couldn't get a good good hit on it man. And it's just a bunch of a, a bunch of stuff. That just sucks man. 'cause he's he's taking a lot of heat of heat Right now. Yeah. Right. And and you know, he did the right thing by trying to Yeah. He owned Up to it. Let everybody know that's all you can do. And I think Coach Ifu is a great coach.


I played against him when he was in Dallas a lot and he used to give me Ni, him and Sean Lee and some of the backers they had. And I think he's a fantastic coach. I don't even, this shouldn't have even been, this shouldn't have ever happened. I think if If you If you make the right call on the first one and you play sideline and I, I just don't think you get into this situation to begin with. Yeah. Moving on though, let's talk a little Brown's football baby. Little Believeland up there in the Lake Erie baby. Hey yo. Jamis leads Browns in an upset victory. Jamis Winston made his first starts since 2002 and led the Browns to an incredible comeback win. Why do you think Jamis was able to come in and and cook when the Browns had looked so bad on offense?


Well, Well first of all they had a new play caller Ken Dorsey was calling plays in this game. But I think also like Jamis came in and was Jamis. He had a bunch of turnover worthy plays and he had a bunch of highlight throws. Like this is who Jamis has been his whole career. Like at times Jamis can make magic happen. This is true. Come on now. Like this Dude has some, every game he plays, it's gonna be an electric play, either good or bad. And it is gonna be the best soundbite of all time after the game. And he's never changed and he still isn't changing. He knows a white boy from Detroit and bro, this was the quintessential jam game he played great.


He had a lot of unbelievable plays. He also had a couple plays that probably could have been turnovers that got dropped. Like he's gonna put points up. He's gonna find a way to put points on the board. It might be, it's gonna be a high scoring game when Jamis is involved for both teams usually. I'm Not trying to be like I love dude. I absolutely love Watching James. I do already know. We, we we're big fans of Jay Winston, man. Yeah. Most importantly, we, we got some more iconic quotes from Jamis, like you just mentioned. The, the guy up in the white boy from Detroit. I love That he then followed it up with named Eminem. Like everybody knows when you said, you know a white boy in Detroit who you're Referencing, there's a white boy from Detroit that I really admired named Eminem.


He said, you, you only get one shot. Do not miss your chance to blow. This is the opportunity lasts once in a lifetime. I mean it's great. That was one, that was his quote after the game. Before the game though. He's in the huddle trying to get everyone fired up and ready for the game. And he says, every one of us has an oh here we go. Once in a lifetime. And with those opportunities we have to make the most of it. Every one of us have an individual responsibility to go out there and fight for each other. Represent the names on your back, represents the names that's on your helmet. Well we don't got no big so represent the divine. Alright. One play at a time. Alright. Together. It's so good. So good.


He's genuinely himself, man. You gotta love it. That's why it's good. 'cause so many times when people are doing either the sound bites after the game or the motivational speeches, they're just latching on to like cliches and it ends up being like nothing exciting and everybody's just sitting there like, oh my gosh, you shut up So. we can go in there and freaking get dressed for this freaking game already. If. you got the right one doing it though. Go for Sure. And Jamis is the right one. I would be as close to possible every time he's doing it. 'cause I'm like, I wanna hear what this dude's about to say. 'cause it is gonna be electric and fucking hilarious. I need to hear exactly what this dude's about to say at all times. Coach Quote of the week, Sean Payton had a brutally honest quote about the Panthers in quotes.


That's not a good offense we played. It's just the truth. We expected that we're going to see a lot better teams. Well, I mean, hey, I mean Sean p has always kept, he is always Don give a fuck anymore. He's always His mind. Yeah. He, he had, he don't give fuck quite the words to say about Nathaniel Hatchett. I think his name was, He kind of walked that one back. He knew he kind of went a little bit too hard. He walked it back a little bit last year. But because he took some, everybody Was giving him shit for it. Yeah. But he still spoke his mind. Panther's cornerback, JC Horn also confronted Sean Payton after the game letting him know they didn't appreciate Denver running up the score. Interesting. The Broncos ran a fake field goal and a trick play on fourth and two while up.


I mean, it's fucking hilarious. That's what that is. That's fucked. What is he have against the Panthers? Who knows? It's just working on plays I guess. I don't know. Just gotta get it on film. Keep everybody honest on we're building competence Right now on special teams. We're building competence. Fuck it, man. Yeah, dude, Listen. Pretty shitty. But at the same time, like, dude, this is the NFL. I don't want to hear nobody getting salty about running up the school. Yeah, This is man, it's the NFL Buddy. When you're getting paid to do this, you don't got no right to be complaining about that. I hear you on that, man. You just gotta step up man. Stop the fake.


Yeah. Why are you guys trying? We're literally, it's our job. All right. And that does it for our week eight Bold Topics brought to you by the powerful backing of American Express.


Let's talk a little Jason outta the house. Hey, Outta the house. Moving on. Let's get outta the house and talk a little Monday Night Football. Hey Outta the house is brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar tackle game day with the irresistible taste of Coke Zero sugar. Is it, the Best Coke Ever. You might wanna try it and decipher yourself. Yeah, Why don't you tell us. All right. Jason got out of the house yet again. Man, you keep doing this every Monday, don't you? It's my job. Yes sir. I have to leave the house In Contraction Rivers, The three Rivers. Yes. How about that man, you were down on the, on the Rivers hanging out from We were on the water. Yeah. But. yeah, it was a lot of fun. The fans made it fun. Steelers, I mean dude, they were into it. Scott Van Pel pointed out to me something like every team wears their jerseys to games, but in particular like Steelers, it is like everybody, nobody's in that stadium. That's a Steelers fan without a Pittsburgh Steelers jersey. It's crazy, man. Yeah, it's like, it's like that is the place you wear Jerseys. It's a sea of black and yellow. Yeah. It's a crazy place to play in. That's for damn sure. And we get to go out there in Christmas while everybody's all fired up getting presents and shit. Jason, you were waving around the terrible towel though. I don't know how the birds fans appreciated this, but hey man, This is a gift from my man worldwide West. Oh yeah. Before the game. Yeah. Forget you were you're on like a world tour getting gifts from everybody. This is cool. That's Right. I'm getting, I'm getting all sorts of good gifts. Knick-knacks. This, this tile in particular has been to 17 different stadiums West said. Nice dude, I didn't, How about that? He's been taking it everywhere. He said If, you drop it. The rule is you gotta kiss it. Rules are rules. Since this thing's been to 17 stadiums, I'm gonna try washed, it's got some fade to it, but I don't know if that's a sun fade or if that's faded from getting washed. Don't know. Can't tell you. Very interesting experience. Any cool Steelers fan traditions? The Boat stuff is a is pretty dope. There was a guy that was like a flying Troy Palama is what he said. They get on these like boards. They go out there. Yeah. That's actually sweet. Yeah, they got that. The terrible tile tradition and like some of the lore behind that and having to kiss it If, you drop it, I Think it is pretty cool. Outside of that, we got to hang out with the Coast guard. Got to sit in front of a 50 cal gun on the front of those things, which I'm like, dude, you wanna like, I was like, man, this thing, this thing can do some damage here. Dude. I don't, I know you guys aren't doing any damage, but it's good to know that these guys got these things in case we need those things. You ever shot one of those Things, what they had on it? Yeah. A 50 cal machine gun. No, I have not shot a shot. A 50 cal machine Gun If. you haven't done that. You need to, when have you, You done that? Nevada Viva Las Vegas Baby. Where you can do fucking anything. And I got on the top of a old Jeep and they had some bowling pins sitting like about a fucking quarter mile, half a mile down there. And I just was. Yeah. Oh My fucking, there's just amazing. It was electric dude. I loved every sound. I'll do it again. We need to get this shit done. Jason. You were in a picky blinders outfit. I don't know that this is necessarily Peaky. You were looking. I'm telling you dude, you pop up on that screen, nobody knows what the fuck you're about to show up looking like. And it's impressive to me. I mean, you don't always, you don't pull off the dapper look like this man. You got your old, your old Englishman hat and that corduroy jacket. Man, you look, I mean that thing is sweet dude. Nicey shoot. Looked smooth up there, dude. The Corduroy shoot was real nice. And the last game we were at in Buffalo, it was windy. And I was like, dude, I gotta have something thicker. I gotta have some thicker material. We're out here. There you Go. That's a smoke's jacket or Something. Yeah, at night in and fall. So the corduroy definitely was way warmer. Yeah. And then the hat just kept the heat in. Nice, Nice. Well we can't pass by you rocking the old two five. That's right. Ryan Clark's Old Jersey. That's right down by the waterman showing some love to a legendary Steeler. And your what, what would you, what would you call him? Your your new teammate? My My my desk mate. Your Desk mate. Nice. I like teammate. Better Your new desk mate. Yeah. Well I guess it isn't new anymore. It's week eight. ESPN tweeted out in quotes. Some people would say you are a snack, especially in that outfit. I guess that's what SVP said. Well, that's what this woman was wearing. Oh, is that? Oh, nice. I'm just here for Jason Kelsey and snacks. Oh, nice. And he was mentioning how, And then he followed it up with some people. People would say you are a snack. Yeah. Especially in that outfit. Yeah, you are. You dapper son of a buck. And then somebody else. I Think. it might've been Scott or maybe it was Marcus said, good thing Kylie's not here. I mean, everybody's just showing love, showing love to Jake up there, man. Well, it was fun. Pittsburgh was awesome. The fans were into it. The terrible tile was electric. Waving that thing around and seeing everybody else wave it around. It's like a, a call and response. Pretty dope. The yinzer. Yeah. Yeah. Begins Kinda accumulating knickknacks. I respect it, man. You get all those, all those trinkets. I got my, my chicken wing Necklace. That's a, that's a Mama Kelsey move right there. That is a mama. Dude. Every time she would go on a convention, she would come back with a million pens. Just a whole just a bag of shit. Yeah. Just slinkies and fucking bouncy balls and fucking light up pens and fucking dude. You name it. Dude. We used to be like, god damn, is this Christmas? All these little stocking stuffers. Mama, that shit's the best. So good. All Right now that does it for out of the house. Brought to you by Coke Zero Sugar. Can you feel it?


The NFL season is in full swing. And that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor, SeatGeek, who are back for their third season with New Heights. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters yet again. Get 15% off. Any tickets on SeatGeek, whether you're a new customer or not, with the code Kelsey 2024 that Works for sports concerts, comedy shows going to see Travis play. You name it. you can get every ticket and experience a Monday night game in person like I do most weeks. SeatGeek rates on a scale of one to 10. So look for those green dots. Green means good, red, not so good. So save yourself some money. Open the SeatGeek app and add code Kelsey 2024 to your account to get you 15% off your next order. Doesn't matter. If, you've used SeatGeek before or not. That's Code Kelsey 2024 for 15% off Terms apply.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Just like you know to check If, you packed your headphones before you get on the plane to Vegas for an away game. Or Like you know, to check If, you put gas in the car before you head out on a family road trip with three kids and two Irish wolfhounds. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary. Terms apply Allstate, Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois.


All right, it's time now to talk about this next partner we're excited about and that's American Express. You've heard us talk about how much we both love getting out of the house to try new restaurants whenever we can. Jason you were outta the house in Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Bristol lately. Did you get any new dishes? I did. I actually got a nice Ruben with some fries in Klaw on it. Pretty good. Pretty good. Pretty good. Well, If, you enjoy trying new foods and restaurants as much as we do. We've got some great news. 92 Percenters with Amex Platinum you can enroll to get access to Global Dining Access by resi Ooh. How about that? This allows you to experience many of the most highly regarded restaurants and exclusive access to reservations as well as getting notified when those hard to get reservations finally open Up. That's the powerful backing of American Express, Ladies and gentlemen. For terms and To learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex. Again, That's American Express dot com slash with amex.


Alright, Right. now it's officially time to bring on our guests. That's right. We are not professional at all, so we're just gonna have a fun vo If. you we're not professional. Just wanna make sure that you knew ahead of time that this is, this is amateur hour over here. Okay, let's Get Into it. So, we so similar to my acting ability, but All right, here we go. Can I just say something please. Of course. Travis, I'm so glad that you text me and told me you had a new phone number because I've been texting your number trying to just gassing you up, telling you you did so good. I was, I was asking you like, what did your teammates, what's your, what your people say? Like, you know, how you feeling About it? Oh, Did you watch it? And you know what?


I got Ricketts Crickets. No, I said I know you ain't got brand new. Oh no, not me, not me. Did have to switch it up though. Did you see how I shook my neck around when I said it? Because that's what I meant. I You didn't get, Not me, not me. You know me better than that. It was getting crazy. It was getting crazy. I was finally in a show with someone as as amazing as you. I had everybody hit me up, up blowing me up. I had to switch it up on 'em. Man. No, I I'm sorry about that. You already know. And I'll tell you what I, I, I got clowned once I, once I started talking about that banana hammock and yeah. So this is what I Peter, you Big Peter and the banana splitter.


That's my favorite. All of it. That's my favorite line. What did Your teammates think of it? They're very interested in the dynamic on the show. Like they're, everybody's kind of like mind blown on like, what's really going on during the show. So that is kind of like taking like everybody's mind away from me as an actor. They're just, they're in, they're involved in like, they're engulfed in the story. Yeah. They're engulfed in the story now. Yeah. In the plot. It's like, that's how you know it's good. Yeah, exactly. And then, and then during the, the character switch up, the look is where I started getting clowned. There was that mullet, the mullet mullet mullet. The mullet suited me in the show, but does not suit me outside of it. So it's too funny. I know Chris Jones has told, has said something about this show.


I know Chris Jones is, you know what Chris hasn't, Chris hasn't, hasn't came up to me yet. No. I'm, I hope he does though. I hope he does because nine five is hilarious, man. He is one of a kind. I Love it. I love it. I just wanna say, I thought you did such a good job. I appreciate that, Niecy. I hope you not one of those people who are afraid to watch yourself. Because I want you to be proud of yourself. I really do. I was definitely watching myself. But it's the same thing with like, my, my view on football or really anything that I do, even like the tv sh the, the game show that I did on Amazon, it's, I look at myself and I'm like, man, I could have did that better. Yeah. I could have did this better. I could have did this better. And I just always have this mentality of like, wanting to do things better than what I I did on camera or what I've done in the past.


And so I just, but that's how You grow. That's how girl we All do that. We all look at it and say, Ooh, I should have made a different choice. So then the next time you get on camera, you're, you're gonna remember that. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. That, that was a question I wanted to ask you. When we watch ourselves on tape, I feel like every great football player kind of hates the way they play football. I always trying to get better is just similar when like actresses or actors are like watching themselves on tape. Are they like, oh, I wish I would've done that. Yeah. It's it's similar you're saying, well, You know, some people do not watch themselves really. They absolutely at a place where they're like, I can't, okay. I don't wanna watch it. I walk away from it when it's done and I don't think about it.


Not me. If I could watch every take back in the moment, I would because I like to course correct and self adjust in the moment. So what I do is I try to give different, slightly different reads every time so that they have something to work with in the edit. Right. You're so good at that. I remember the first scene we had, I was just sticking to the script. I was on, I was like word for word, trying to just stick to the script. I wasn't trying to waste anybody's time. Time. And you, you light, you lightened the mood. You made it so comfortable as a professional. And I did see that you were, you were looking at the, the takes and like you could see like you were processing how you were doing things and it was so cool to see your professionalism and everything on set.


But before we get to any more questions, we gotta get the intro Jason. Yeah, I know we were having such a good conversation. We gotta get the intro. What's The intro? What, what do we Gotta do? I'm, I'm gonna knock it out. It's, we're gonna go right back to what we were doing. But I'm gonna do this intro real quick just to hype, hype this up a little bit. All right. From Cal State University, she's a daytime and prime time Emmy award-winning actress, you know her from her work in Reno 9 1 1, getting it on Claws, Dahmer and Of course alongside Travis and Grotesque. She is also our first non-relative female guest. Yes, that's right. That is right. Please welcome the wonderful Miss Niecy Nash.


Miss Niecy, I should say Mr. Niecy Betts. But I love that and I love that I'm the first woman who's a non-relative. Yeah, we had to get a real one. We were waiting for a real one to, to come available. We appreciate you jumping on with this. You already know we had so much fun shooting grotesquery and it was definitely, it was something that I was so blown away by in terms of, we kind of mentioned it already, but your professionalism and just how you made set fun doing the tiktoks. Yeah. Making everybody feel like they were a part of the team. You made it a team atmosphere. And that's, that's where I really started to feel comfortable. Started in doing everything. And I, I can't thank you enough for, for everything you've shown me and making everything so much fun.


Oh, thank you. Well, you know, the thing of it, the thing of it is, is that the show is so dark. So I wanted to make sure that in the in between, like we sitting around looking at dead bodies all day or you know, and, and blood is on the ground and you know what I mean, we in a hospital set all day, I wanted to make sure that I kept the crew up. Oh Yeah. You know, so that we, you definitely did still have fun at work. You know, a lot of people go to work and do not have fun and I'm like, no, I want everybody to feel like we're having a good time, you know? Oh yeah. Well you definitely did that, that's for sure. Well, speaking of everybody on set, everyone wants to know what it was like working next to the diva that is Travis Kelce.


How much did you have to hold his hand? He did fantastic. He really looks great, but I know that just like in football, it's only as good as the people around you and the supporting cast and that the truth, the, the other people that you're on set with. So yeah. What was it like working with the Trav man on a acting set? I'm gonna say this, I've said this behind your back. I love Where you're pre this already, so I'm gonna say it to your face. I have listen, you are probably the nicest and the greediest person I've ever met in my life. Wow. That is so, So. You're so greedy And, and, And you bougie, greedy.


Oh my goodness. Have You ever met anybody that was bougie, greedy, Ladies And gentlemen right here. This man right here. Nice things. Okay, so here's the thing. It's one thing to be like, oh hey, and I seen you do this. Yeah. Somebody run out and give me a couple of burgers and you know, okay. But then somebody I like, what's that now my chef I like what I heard Every time I, anytime he was not filming, he was eating. I told Travis, I said, Hey, we got this scene. They're gonna put food out, you know, maybe you don't wanna eat a lot because whatever you do in the first take, you gotta keep it up all day.


He's like, but them meatballs look good. I like, but maybe And now you 15 and 20 meatballs in. I'm like, now how you feel Like I need some more caffeine? So good. Ah, you are too funny for that. Oh, that is great. I was, I was hoping, I was just trying to make sure I was, you know, eating dietary You know I had my diet, I had my nutrition stuff that I had to do in the off season. I'm making up a whole bunch of shit. I just wanted to Go ahead. Shout out Tobar, shout out to was Yeah, you already know Chef Ko in the house, baby hooking it up out there in, in California. Man, that is too funny. That's so funny. You picked up on that. No, But he was a pleasure. It was a pleasure to have on set.


And, and I love that he didn't take himself too seriously. I even had our crew give him different things that he could do for a, when you do a field time, what is it when you make the point you can't Oh yeah, the touchdown. Oh yeah, the touchdown. Yeah. The TikTok If. you already Those when I had, I'm calling field time for now. Won Field time. Yeah. Field. Oh. But, but I don't know sports that much, but I had people give him different ideas for dances he could do. Oh yeah. I still gotta hit a few of those. I I haven't been in the end zone enough this year to hit him. But you got In this week, you know, Your favorite one was a Lil Kim. The Lil Kim. Hey, hey, Hey.


You killed that one. I still gotta hit it. You already know it's coming up next touchdown. I get I I'm hitting that one. Is there Like a, is there like a etiquette when you're on set with somebody that like actors and actresses know, did you have to really help him acclimate to like this world? Does that make sense? Yes, I do. And one thing that I would say is like, sometimes when you don't know everybody or you're new to a set, you kind of are unto yourself. He got the, you know, the folk he come with and it's like, no, come over here. Talk to C come on. The water's fine. Yeah. But we gonna run the words. And you know what I wanted to also try to help you do Trav was to trust your gift.


Like you're naturally charming. You got a little swag about yourself. Use all of those things and don't be married to the words. Yeah. Because we had the luxury of this, of kind of moving the words around a little bit. Little bit. So how they may feel better in your mouth, you can kind of switch 'em up a little bit. And I love that. You know, he just leaned right in. Yeah. He was like, okay, got it. Let me try this. Let me try that. You know, and well You definitely made me feel comfortable. I turned out great. Yeah, I appreciate that. Oh, you, thank you Appreciate. And the show really is so much fun. It really is so cool to like watch. It could be a part of something like that and see it kind of like just the, the final edits and it finally hit the tv.


It is so cool to be a part of it and I can't Thank you. And obviously Ryan and Courtney b and everybody involved, that shit was so much fun. Do you know when we had the, when we had the premier, so Mama Kelsey came, she was cute. She was cute as a butt. Had a little outfit on. I'm like, okay girl. And so I was, I was able, I was able to talk to her at the after party and when I tell you she could not have been prouder of you. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? And I'm a mom of three and you know, sometimes you clap for your kids 'cause you have to, you like, oh, okay Baby, Look at her.


And then sometimes you like no. Yeah, the whole it what I like was watching your mama watch the audience. Oh, not Everything. 'cause when people were going up in the theater, she was looking around like, that's my baby. Hey, You know? That's nice. It was nice. Make, making mama, mama Kels proud is always one of my favorite things to do. That's, I appreciate you sharing that. Yeah. If, if some of this was your guys' freedom of expression, was it Travis's choice to have the mullet with Ed Lachlan? What was that look about? We had to switch it up, man. Eureka Suave. One second. And then you looked like you crawled out of a swamp and the next set I like, I loved it so Much that Well, because all of the characters had a duality that we played.


Right? Because part of it is in Lois's coma state, how she saw people and then you got the real life when she wakes up. Yeah. But we still don't even know. There might be another state. Niecy. I don't know what's happening in this show. Right. now I am so confused. I cannot wait for the finale. That's so good. Let me help you give you a little bit. Can I give you my theory? Go do it. Let's, let's hear this. My theory and I, this is my first thought was this gives me this, it feels like we're in like a mental hospital. That was my first thought when I saw the show. Then I'm like, okay, wait, but okay, now, now Lois is in the coma maybe.


And then she's, and then that got revealed and that came out. I didn't know you would be in a coma too. There was a lot of signs though. Reddit was all over the place saying she's in a coma. Like where are you guys taking Up on this? So you're just reading comments. This guy doesn't I did, I did. But but the first one though, I was like, this feels like for some reason it felt like it was in a mental hospital. Now I'm back into that. I feel like Lois and some of these characters are in some type of institution. I don't really know what's happening. But that's kinda my theory. So I it is not fully put together. Oh my god. Jason, can I tell you Right now? You are so wrong. Stupid. Travis been telling me I'm way off the whole time I've been Trying to tell this guy.


He hasn't have a fucking clue. Alright. He's just so stubborn in his ways. He's just like I know, I know. No, You're just I. like maybe, maybe maybe Lois and Merri are the same person. Yeah. And maybe I'm like trying Like don don't know. I can't Oh, You reaching? Oh, Alright. Alright. He's in his own head. Yeah. Pump the brakes brother. All Right. I'll pump the brakes. Okay. You, you said you can help me, help me out. Help me out. Okay. So the beginning of the series, Lois is in a coma by the time, and this is everything that's happening in her mind by the time you get to episode seven. Yes. That's the reveal. Right? She was really in a coma.


All of those other episodes. Now she's awake and this is her waking life. Yeah. The problem in her waking life is that somebody started to recreate the murders that were in her dreams. Right. So who If? you could hear, you could hear the doctor and you could hear people talking when you were in the coma. And that was I impacting what was, So who, who is the person who is really committing these murders based on her dreams? I know, I Don't, I know. You don't know. I just heard your theory. Yeah. I Why You know I I'm way off. It's such a, it's such a fun story to, to, to be a part of though I'm assuming Ryan came to you with this.


Yeah. Let's just talk about that for a little bit. How, like, you've been in a few other Ryan Murphy projects, correct? Yes, I did Scream Queens. I did Monster Dahmer, Jeffrey Dahmer story. Yep. And one other thing that we did a pilot for that never got picked up and I was in his very first series called Popular as a Guest Star. Yeah. So we've worked together a couple times. Nice. You guys have such a fun relationship. How, how, how has that been like growing, especially winning all these Emmys together and, and just taking over the, the TV world? You know, it's so important to me for people that I care about.


I consider I have a friendship. I love that I do good work for them. I never wanna phone it in and rest on the relationship I have with somebody to be like, oh, You know I could just do whatever. So it's so important for me to get it right, especially for people that I love. And then the awards are just the icing on the cake. That's awesome. Well, it's fun as hell working with Ryan and it sounds like you got another one. Are we allowed to say you got another one in in in the works saying, because I got another one in The Gotta here tomorrow. Yeah. I'm doing Ryan's new series. It's called All's Fair. It's about a female, a all female law firm. Oh, okay.


Led by Kim Kardashian, Naomi Watts, Glen Close, Sarah Paul and Tiana Taylor and me. Oh Wow. That's, we're the guy you're talking about a cast. Wow. Awesome. We talked about a little bit earlier that you watch yourself on film. Do you have a favorite role that like you, like in your head that's your favorite role you've ever done? That's a great question. See, that's tricky because, because for a long time, because I started in comedy right. I never got the opportunity to play any drama because people thought, oh, we know you, you, you're the funny girl, you know? And I didn't get a chance. Mm.


So I have things that I did in my funny life that I love because I was in that world longer than this one. But, oh, that's so hard to pick one. But I would say I, I did a series on HBO called Getting On. Yeah. I did three seasons of it. It was an industry darling, but it didn't catch on to the masses. But when the industry saw me do that, they started to trust me with drama. Gotcha. So that was the role that changed my life because it allowed me to show people that I'm not just a one trick pony. I got a lot of tricks up in here. Hey. Multiple tricks I do.


It's actually very cool. You were talking about how you started off in comedy that really wasn't like the lane that you like wanted to choose. We were kind of talking about this on set one day. No, I never wanted to be funny. Let me tell you, Jason, I told Trav, I said I never wanted to be funny because I didn't Think. it was anything. All I did all funny got me was being in trouble. I got, I got suspended at school. Yeah. I got pinched at church. I got, I, they put talks too much on my report card. So my mama said, well what was you talking about I? like I was Telling Joe, she said, Go get the belt.


I got A joke. You know, so I didn't think funny was anything. I didn't, I said People gonna gimme money for acting silly. Yeah. And my mother used to tell me that all the time. Girl, you so silly. So I didn't think, I just didn't Think it was anything. It, It sounds like you were born to be an actress and a comedian. That's what it sounds like. I guess so. Yeah. And then I book Reno 9 1 1 and everything changed. I. like, y'all gonna gimme money for acting foolish Crazy Town. So is is it, lemme ask you this. Is comedy easier than drama? What comes more natural? Or which one do you have to do more preparation for? Ooh.


Okay. For me, comedy, you use the word easier, but I guess I would, if I had to choose, I would say that because I was born funny. You're Just more naturally that. Yeah. The the, the other, the other side. I really have to work to make sure the performance is grounded. I get it. Right. You know, all of the things. And lemme tell you, speaking of mamas, my mama was the one that told me, she said, now you know when you do your comedies now you real funny. But that other stuff you need to work on that she told me, she said, I, she told mama, my mother said, you find the best class in town and I'm gonna work overtime to pay for your classes.


That's A real mother Right there. That's a real mom. Yes. That's, you know, how we got here because the other is probably harder for me. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, such, such a cool story though. That Was one of the things that's really unique about this role in particular with Lois is that, like you said, there's multiple states of her mind frame and you're just killing it. Yeah. Do you map all that out? Like, okay, now I'm in this mindset as Lois where this is happening so I'm gonna respond body language and like kind of mentality this way towards this actor. The thing of it is Jason is that for me, the hardest thing about her is where is she in the addiction?


Yes. Okay. She suffers from a the Disease. Alcoholism. Alcoholism. Yep. So is she hammered? Is she hungover? Is she tipsy? Interesting. How many drinks in, you know? Yes. Yes. Does she need a drink? Really bad Right now and she's trying to, what am I playing in each moment of her addiction? Yeah. Because that's the hardest part, you know, for me. Where is she at this point in, in this moment to moment in the story with the addiction. Absolutely. And and you. And you nailed it and each one You can tell How about it. Yeah. Yeah. The scene between you Trav and Merri where you're confronting each other in the booth.


That scene is like When I tell you you have no outta idea. Nowhere. I was like, excuse me. How what just came outta That was like, you know how, you know how we always talk about welcome to your NFL moment. Yeah. That was my welcome to acting moment. Seeing Niecy Absolutely kill it in that scene. Yeah. And being a part of that scene, that was one of, that was definitely my favorite one to be a part of for sure. It was so, it was so cool to see her hit The smack the glass And walk out of there. You Know what was funny about that night trap was that I was doing all this. You were like, get up, you gonna to rehab. And I'm like, you don't tell me what the, do All that in Intensity.


And then they would go cut and we would be like in the middle of the thing. I Did that video, I was like, look at these culprits right here. These are the ones who get on my nerve. We doing all of this fun stuff. And then they'll be like, and we are back in, in action. And then I'm like, You know, So it was, it's you Just flip the switch Once you find it. But once you find it, I could drop back in it after I've mapped it out and know what I'm doing, then I could play with y'all, you know? Yeah. Behind the scenes, you know what I mean? Yep. And mapping out that addiction was the hardest part. That's so cool.


Well we got the, the season finale coming up tonight. Yep. And this airs, I'm looking forward to it. Apparently I, my have Been on baby Way off, so I can't wait to see what actually is the Case. Oh you have no I I'm telling you at first, I'm like, Travis was the killer at first. I thought for sure it was you. There's the one scene where you're in it and they don't even, they it, you're walking in the background. I'm like, what's this dude doing? He, he's lurking. I know that guy. I know that figure. You've seen no shadows before Jason. Lemme tell you about, about people who text me about Travis. They all started off saying, you know, we're watching the thing. Is he the killer? Yeah. Just to get you just to get you on the line texting him.


Yeah. And then they like, well what do you know about his relationship? I knew exactly. You know what, you know how it goes. I'm like, I'm like man, get off that man. I'm gonna vote. I don't say nothing. You a nothing Outta me. You're A real win. Y'all just being nosy. Don't ask me nothing. Oh man. Oh my goodness. That's great. I appreciate you always And every time someone that has a mic in front of you always asks you something like that, thank you for always showing love. You know what's real and you know that me and Tey are absolutely happy and I appreciate you always making sure that everybody knows that. So thank you honey. I mind my black business. You understand me?


I'm still Here worried about myself and what I got going. Oh my Goodness. Nah, you're the best. Alright, Well make sure everyone checks out. Grotesquery on FX tonight. The season finale. We're gonna keep moving this on to, was it your first Chiefs game? I've heard like multiple stories now. Was when you were with Mama Kel, was that your first Chiefs game you've ever been to? Very first. But wait, no. Lemme take that lie back because I saw y'all play against each other. You were at the Super Bowl? I was. I was at that game. The Super Bowl. Yeah. Oh yeah. I saw you guys play against each other. Matter of fact, I had to hook up that chief. So I walked out on the field Right. now I walked Out on the field and my sister told me, she said, I don't care what you do, you put on an all green outfit and you represent me.


And so So you were Eagles. I had on my green Sweatsuit, Ooh, I was up there doing this. Why Eagles fly. I had my green sweatsuit on me. JB my son. We all showed up. Yeah. And yeah. So I got to see you both play together in that game. Yeah. And then We I like to not think about that game Game. And then Maybe I've done some roles and I'm like, God, I wish it would go away. But then we all came to see Travis and lemme tell you something, Travis So, we go to the game right out here in la And he was just trying to act like he was so professional as a football player.


He's like, You know I. Don't know If. you know, I'm a, you know, if I'm, we gonna take pictures and stuff 'cause I'm so focused. I'm like, Okay, see. Then he came out there with that stupid mustache. I gotta act like, came out there with That stupid mustache Trying To, you know, he was all on the, and and all his boys was like, yo, there go your girl right there. There go your girl right there. He gonna look over. He was like, I said, You what? I respect your pro. I'm just giving you a heart. I'm Just giving. Oh, I love it. I love it too. It's so good. I Totally respect your process You know I mean I appreciate it.


You Gotta stay in the zone and you gotta do what the people who who paying you want you to do. So. Yeah, Exactly. Appreciate I'm not tripping about That. I was more offended at the Mustang. It's gone now. It is gone now I see you finally back to looking decent. Exactly. Exactly. That was, I was, you never know. I might've just been, you know, having that look for another role or something, you know. Oh, okay. Okay. Go on My Hollywood over here. All right. So when you, when you were at the game with mom, what was it Like? Yeah. You saw Mama Ke at the game too. Do you Like watching football games? I do. It was so much fun. She was lovely. She had her home girl with her and we all took pictures together and then, you know, you run with a great group of guys.


You know the guys. Oh yeah, I appreciate that. Yeah. And they all came and checked on us. You good. You need this, you need that. There we go. Then we went over to your podcast, had a suite. Oh, Nice. Yeah. But You got our, we got our podcast swag. Oh, Nice. From over there. They treated you right? Oh yeah. Everybody treated us. So that was, that was Mama Kelsey. She said, we're going over to the, come on I like, okay girl, come on, come on. Oh yeah, come On. You're part of the family So. we went over there with Her. Yes. And got us some swag and all the good things. So everybody really took such good care of us. We had great seats. Thank you. Oh, always. You know, it You know I had to hook it Up and it was, yeah, it was a really good time.


I mean, I would do it again for sure. Are you a Rams fan being from LA or a Raiders? Or who's your team? I. like all the LA teams. I don't, all the teams have just one I. Like Chargers, Rams Just watching football. Yeah. I don't, I don't break 'em up, you know what I mean? Sure. Oh yeah. But I, what I, I love the, like when you in the game, when you, when you actually go to a game better than on tv because everybody is so dressed up in all they regalia and Yes, people are cheering and people booing and Yeah. You know I mean all of the, the crowd energy, The pageantry, I like That part. Yeah, I'm with you on That. You got a game, you got a game in Vegas coming up.


We just had it last week and we ended up, we ended up beating the Raiders out there in Vegas. Got redemption Last So. we Had that game already. I thought It was literally just last week. I thought it was around Thanksgiving. I was going pull up. I'm trying to that you know what we might play, we play the Raiders in KC Yeah. On Friday, right? Yeah. It's Friday Thanksgiving. So it's the Friday after Thanksgiving. That one's in Kansas City though. You're more than welcome. you can come across to Kc roll on out. You want to hear some, you want to hear some, some electric crowd now? Kansas City had for you. I want, I want you to roll the red carpet out if I come On Kansas City. There we go. Listen, You already know I'm rolling the red carpet out for you. Okay. Every time. Every time. Everybody you're with. Okay. You know I is there, Is there anything with the game?


Do you have any questions about football? Is there any, i, I know we just had like a touchdown. Like are there any phrases or anything you wanna ask us about the sport of football that we can help you with? Oh, you know what? I'm glad you asked that. Okay, because I called, what did I, the thing I got wrong, I said field time, but what is it? Field time? Touchdown. Touchdown, Touchdown. Okay, so I don't really understand false start. Does that mean that they moved before the win? I don't know what that means on it goes to a false start. You're on it. So they have to, So basically Niecy If, you become set as an offensive player and you think the ball's getting snapped and you move or flinch.


That is a false start. Oh, you can't even flinch. So you're not allowed to move forward before the ball is snapped on offense. And the same thing on defense. You can't cross that line of scrimmage until the ball is snapped. That's called off offsides on defense or encroachment. O like a, a false start is only on the offense and it's when the offense moves forward or like gives like a, an action as if the play starting before the ball's snapped And they don't deduct points for that five Yard. No, you just move back five yards. Oh, that's mean. That's there's no, there's no, yeah. Now why do they, why do They I agree. Why? Why do they say they penalize you If. you make a touchdown and you celebrate.


Like why do they Yeah, I gave you a whole group of dances to do. Listen, why won't they let you celebrate If? you If you get a touchdown. You're, you're speaking on behalf of I think every fan the planet, the majority Of on the Planet. I think Everybody wants to see and NFL players. Yeah. Yeah. I think everybody wants to see more dancing. you can dance, You just can't twerk. They're Restrictive. Can't trk some dances and can't Do sexual dances. And two ex. Yeah, you can't. Only two pumps or three pumps. Only two pumps or Three pumps. No pumps. Can't Pumps. No pumps. You can't pump. No pumps. No Pump. You can't simulate, you can't pumps simulate any type of weaponry. So any type of gun or anything, we'll Get you a Yeah. you Can't use that will get you a T foul. Oh, you can't do that.


Can sports. But now If you, but If you do it. Do does that mean that they push your team back again? Or, or what do they do? Yeah, you would, you would get a 15 yard, either unsportsmanlike or taunting penalty, And then you get a FedEx And then you would get fined. Potentially. You get a FedEx delivery at your locker that tells you you just got fined for not representing the NFL in the proper way. Yeah. Have you ever got a FedEx? Do you know it? Are, you kidding me? You know it. Travis is basically a FedEx, he's, he's basically part-time, FedEx delivery, man. Yeah, I like That, I. like play the game because love the game. Basic. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna pay my fine. So every now and then, every now and then I've, I've, I've become more regarded and haven't really done it as much.


But my earlier years I was not afraid to get fined. He Was a wow boy. Oh yeah. Oh my Goodness. Oh yes. Yes. In many ways I've gotten, I've gotten ejected from a game because I did something silly like that. But that's a story for another day. Threw a Flag in an official Oh Wow. Wow. My favorite. Alright, we're gonna ask you some questions now. Again, Niecy in our, this next segment we have, it's called We Gotta Ask, you don't have to answer. All Right? Yep. Okay. And it's exactly what it sounds like. We're just gonna ask you some rapid fire questions and Okay. Go. You decide If, you want to answer 'em. Now go Jason. Go ahead and jump it off. We Mentioned it earlier, but can I just ask about Reno 9 1 1? That was one of Travis and I's favorite shows growing up? Oh yeah. Mm.


You were fantastic. How fun was it working on that show? Because it looked like the cast just loved each other and everything that happened in that show. It was a lot of fun. Great fun. The worst thing about it. And the best thing about it was the booty that I wore in it. It was, they took a mold of my real butt, magnified it three times. And in, in the winter when we shot, it was great because I was never cold outside. I was always Warm. Can't be nice and warm. But in the summertime I felt like I was about to die. Yeah. Yeah. That's bad. Yeah. I can see how that would not be good. Yes. Okay, go. What's the next Question? So you had the BBL L in the, in the Reno novel I did.


Before it was even popular. Before it was even popular. Right. That's too good. Best and worst audition. My best and my worst are the same audition. Really Talking about How's that possible? It was my very first audition and I walked in and I didn't know that you read and they'll tell you later. So I said, I've read the material, and the guy said, thank you. I said, you welcome. He said, Thank you. And I said, don't mention it. He Was like, He was like, thank you, you may go. I said, oh, oh, y'all are telling me to leave.


Well, did y'all pick me? He was like, He was like, someone will let you know, dear. My goodness. And I said, let know when I'm broke. I got a baby. I need You. you can just keep me on ice like this. Yeah. So I, I cut up, I pointed my finger in their face and told 'em how mad I was. And then they still ended up calling me and giving me the job. It was my very first movie and I was in it with Whoopi Goldberg, drew Barrymore. It was called Boys on the Side. And I played Woman in the Diner. There we go now. Woman In the Diner. Yes. Yes, yes. That's so cool. Who doesn love a good diner. Who's The better Game show host?


You or Travis? Me. There we go. That was easy. Next question. I could have told you that one, you've done everything for movies, tv, game show, reality, voiceover work, If, you could only do one for the rest of your career. What would it be? Shoot. Jesus tv. What's the biggest difference from TVs and movies from your perspective? Tv. You build a family like If you, because it goes on for years. Mm. You love these people. You go to their weddings, you, you see their kids graduate, you have more of a family, a movie. You in it for a couple weeks and then you like deuces on to the next. Yeah. So I do like, you know, like team Team. It's like having a team. Yeah. Yeah. I like I like That part about doing television.


That's awesome. That's awesome. Do you have a favorite co-star? Speaking of family, do you have a favorite co-star? Obviously can't say Travis. Travis is exclusive. That's not that he was gonna be the answer for Ever. Yeah, she's, she's worked with the best. My Favorite person that I ever worked with on camera is the one I lay next to every night. Okay. My spouse. When we can share our art together, it's when I'm the happiest. Oh, that's so cool. Love that. Love that true story. That's awesome. I love that. You know I'm a lover Travis. Very much so. Because you, you like the team, you like to feel a part of it all. Come on. Do you have a welcome to Hollywood moment? My welcome to Hollywood.


Kind of how I was describing like welcome to the NFL moment with me. You know what? Yeah, go ahead. Yep, I do. I went to audition for something and I had all of this stuff on the back of my resume. Okay. I didn't know everything I had on the back of it was trash. Okay. And the guy, he was an assistant at the time, said, girlfriend, come here. He said, I'm gonna help you with this. And he crossed all the, he said, nobody cares that you were the second winner up in a beauty pageant. Let me cross that out. Nobody cares that you, he just, all the little things that I, and they were little things but I was trying to make my resume look like something.


Yeah. He crossed everything out and I said, but I'm about to go in there with my picture and I only have one thing on it. And he said, but it's the right thing. Oh. And we became dear friends, he became a big deal casting director and now very cool. He's the head muckety muck of the network. And it was the moment where somebody reached across the line and was like, come here baby. 'cause you don't know no better. And I like, Okay. You know, it was the first time that I felt like I had somebody to just look out for me. Yeah, That's awesome. They Believed in you for whatever reason. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. But, oh wait, here's the other one and I'm gonna squeeze this in. Yeah, please do.


I'm A little girl, I'm eight years old. I see this actor on Hollywood Boulevard where all the stars were and I said, daddy, that man is an actor. He said, baby, that's Ed Asner. He used to be on the Mary Tyler Moore show. I said, I walked over there, I said, sir, I know you an actor and you don't know me, but my name is gonna be right here on this ground. He was like, ed Here? Yeah. Away. I Said, remember my Name? I ended up getting a star on the Hollywood Walker fame. I Send, I send him a letter. We Told you, you motherfuckers, I don't, I dunno, If you remember Me, you know this happened between us.


And he said, Of course I know your name. Thank, I'm glad you didn't let me discourage you, but I'm not able to come to your ceremony. I said, okay, well thank you. And the day before his assistant called my team and said he'll be there. That's, I could not even look At him. I had to just look this way because my fake eyelashes was about to fall off from crying. Oh my God. And so Ed Asner, you know Ed Asner, this Is so cool. 40 years later showed up at my star ceremony. That's True. That's unbelievable. And it said to me, the power of the spoken word. Yes. I spoke that thing. I mean, you know, it took a long time to manifest. It Still Manifest manifested.


Hey, what? Oh yeah. Yes it did. Damn sure. Manifested beautifully. Alright. It's Halloween Eve. Yeah. Yes. Wednesday will be Halloween. Yeah. Do you have a Go-to Halloween movie? No, but I go hard with a costume. Okay. Ooh. Nice. So go to, have you already, have you already worn your Halloween costume this year? I'm getting ready to take photos for it when I stop talking to you. Okay, nice. What, what we, are you allowed to reveal it since it's gonna be tomorrow? Where's a surprise? Or is it a surprise? You want to keep it a surprise and it is cool. you can keep it a surprise. It's a surprise. Don't let it be a surprise. Well, well we'll be tuned in. We'll be tuned in. Yes. Can't wait to see. We do a Lot of, we do couples costumes, So, we always try to figure out some sort of iconic couple.


What were you guys last year? Last year I was Jessica Rabbit. My Better Half was the detective. Love that. The year before that we were ASAP Rocky and Rihanna at the Met. Nice. Yeah. The year before that we were Kelly and Nelly from The Dilemma Video Ooh. Okay. Classic So. we, we Figured out some classic Yeah. Classics. I you already know. Yeah. We had some teammates. Chris Jones on the show earlier. I, I'm 95 for the, for the defense. On, on the Chiefs If. you are not familiar. He described his first impression of me as Malibu's Most Wanted. You're actually in that movie.


Do You, do you, do you agree or disagree? I absolutely disagree. You don't think Travis is B? He's not B Tell him that. Eat. Dunno what he's Talking about. No, absolutely not. Not, No. I enjoy a good a good getting toasted though. That's the best. Oh Yeah. Last question. Do you have any advice for other athletes trying to break into acting You know I would say, if you're serious about it, take class. Yeah. Because you wanna be prepared. You wanna know the lingo. You know, if they tell you, camera left, what does that mean to you? You want, if they say hit your mark, if they say any of the, the language of a set, you just wanna be familiar.


'cause you don't, you know, you're not gonna be as comfortable If, you feel like a fish outta water. Right. So I would say prepare. Yeah. And get you a niecy. I was about to say, I was literally just about to say, I was like, yeah, make sure you work with somebody as good as Niecy. 'cause it makes it a whole lot easier on you. Niecy, Nash, Betts, Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. And everybody make sure you check out Grotesque ri tonight, the fi, the season finale on fx. It is gonna be absolutely mind blowing. And congrats on all the success Nie. We are so happy and so honored that you came on the show. And it's Of course. You are the, you are the absolute and we're gonna be tuned in. We're gonna be tuned in on this, this Halloween costume.


Oh, you better. That's Right. You already know. We appreciate you. Bye y'all. See ya. See you. Nice. And that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you to our guest, Niecy na That's right.


And make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the new Heights channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. Yes sir. Reminder, you can listen to the new episodes of New Heights, early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Yes. Yes. And make sure to check out the debut of Heights Hotline and tomorrow's Wondery Plus exclusive episode Once again. New Heights is a Wondery show produced by wave sports and entertainment and brought to you AKA presented to you by Timberland and Vans How about it. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to our production and crew. We love you guys for making us look way better than where we are. And thank you to all the 92 Percenters and everybody tuning in. We'll see you guys next week or tomorrow if you're on that Onery Plus deal. Jason just talked about. How about that? That's Jake the darkness. Check in. We gotta get 'em in here. Come on Jets. Jake, come on in here. Jake, Jake. Can't Wait to hear your take on this week, Man. And the, I mean, dude, it's almost just, I I, every single week, I just think they're going to, they're, they're gonna figure out, they're gonna get this Figured out. Unbelievable. It's gonna Jake fucking, they got a good opportunity. They're playing the Patriots. Their coach just called 'em the softest team. He just called 'em soft the week before they go out. They've traded for Adams, they've made all these picks. All this stuff has happened. And then it turns out the Patriots got hard somehow and found a way to beat the Jets. What, what do you gotta say? Jent got hard. Just shake chill out. Got they Got tough. You found some Viagra sitting around and they, They sw they swelled up on they they fucked me. Jesus. Come on. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast, you can listen to New Heights, early And ad free plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery, App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The Farmer dog, we love our dogs. That's right. They complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy and Happy. The farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food. Right to your door is developed by vests nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To a safety standards of human foods. Traditional, Dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion Accurately. That's right. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food. And they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs At a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get free shipping.