
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, Jason early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's Dog. Hey, you Know what time it Is, dog time. It's time for fresh approach to dog food, and that's exactly where the Farmer's dog comes in. These Guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's be honest, traditional pet food is super processed, and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The Farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They Handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and bow. Your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and happy. The best part, they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus, they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. It's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights Jason. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights Jason to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/ New Heights.


Jason,


the show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid iv.com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar-Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code New Heights, Jason at Checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun Liquid IVs got your back. We've got your classics like acai berry and lemon lime. Those are always solid choices, but get this, they even have pina colada. Break The mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How About That? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com. Use code New Heights, Jason at Checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code, New Heights, Jason at liquid iv.com.


I've been hit all over the field on a football field. The hardest I've ever been hit in my life is open ice on a hockey ring. Like you get a hospital pass going where you're looking back and the defenseman can have a clear run at you, man, oh my gosh, that is gonna hurt. That is going to hurt. You never look back. And secondly, you never have an defenseman that bad. That passes a puck. That bad. Yeah, There. Welcome back to New Heights ladies. Yeah, baby. Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls. A Wonder show produced by Waves, sports Entertainment, and brought to you by Reese's and their new PB and j Cubs. All Right, now those things sound delicious. Don't they? Get 'em in grape and strawberry.


Jason, how about that? Nice. We're your host. I'm Travis Kelce and my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio Heights High alumni baby. What's good? Yep. Shout out to the Heights. Shout out to the Bearcats, subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. Ooh, we got a great one for you. Woo-hoo Wes, right? We do. We're gonna have some recap of my time at the NFL Owners meeting. Answer some of your not dumb questions. Hey, and speaking of great ones, we're gonna have The Great One you Wayne Gretsky baby. On the episode today, you're gonna wanna hear that Stanley Cups are coming to a to a a, what is it?


Coming to a, a forefront, right? We're four teams left. Sure. Yeah. It's Hard. Stanley Cup is almost here. There you go. So it's almost here. Panther's one game away and yeah, we gotta, we got a fucking heated battle between Dallas and and Edmonton Right now. I think that means it's time for a little bit of that new news. New news. Let's get right to it, Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and girls.


Oh, Oh, oh, oh, wait, wait. New news is brought to you by Marriage Expresso. Okay, now you can go. Let's get right into it.


Shout out to the American Express. Jason, you saved the tush push. Everyone in Philly has been saved. You're like a fucking hero. Stop. You ever felt so heroic? You feel like you matter now? I, no, I never feel like I matter, to be honest With you. Last, last week, the NFL owners voted and the vote to ban the tush push failed. Jason, did you stand outside the courthouse with a sign that said, tush My push, like I asked Tush my push, my tush, push My tush. No, No signage. I was, I was in the courthouse. I was, I was traversing and talking with the other owners and committees and people that were in the room.


What did you do? You threaten 'em, did you threaten 'em with like something you would do If you they banned the tush push? No, No. I'm, I'm, I did not wanna piss off any one of these individuals of immense power. I was just there to, I was just there to offer my frame of reference on the tush, the pushing of tushes. Man, I haven't been in a courtroom since I got a jaywalking ticket when I was in middle school. Well, how's a courtroom look in Minnesota? It Wasn't a courtroom, it was a conference room at the hotel that we were staying at. Ah, the courtyard. Nice. The old courtyard. It was less courtroom and more like legislative room, if that makes sense. Did they put you on the stand and ask you to so solemnly swear?


Well, there wasn't a stand. They, they just had I, they did, I did get up there and was able to, so, okay, let's fast forward. The reason I was there, or flashback I guess, was because there was a narrative out there that one of the reasons I retired was because of the play, or that I somehow felt like the play led to more injuries or was injured because of it. So I was really just there to offer my perspective on that stuff not being true. And, you know, the fact that I think it's a relatively safe play, but they, I did go up there and talk after Jeffrey Lurie kind of started things off and got some things.


He kind of opened everything up and then I kind of dispelled those rumors as well as, you know, answer some questions about how the play was run. But for the most part it was, it was just awesome to witness honestly, the legislative process of the NFL, how the owners vote on it, how these proposals come about. I couldn't help but think like, I can't believe I'm in this room Right now, to be honest with you. Like, there's just like hundreds of billions of dollars of wealth just sitting here. And Did you wear a suit? I wore a blazer with boat shoes and, okay. Slacks. Okay, okay. Okay. That wasn't swagged out. I, I was, I was, I was dressed.


I was, I was looking You was a collared shirt underneath or just like a regular His collar shirt. Collared shirt button down, white button down. Jason, Kelsey, I'm, Listen, I'm, I'm not gonna go in there looking like a slob. Anyways, it was awesome to witness. It was awesome to, to see how those things kind of take place and, You know, I really did leave that place, leave the room and the meeting feeling strongly about, you know, how these proposals come about. How the, how the game has changed and the thought that goes into it, the thoroughness that it, that that happens between the competition committees and the health and safety doctors and individuals and, and Roger and the owners.


There's, there's a lot that goes into a lot of these decisions that are made. And it was, it was awesome to just kind of witness something that, in my opinion, has made the, the league better and at least our time in the NFL. So yeah. When Roger walked in the room, did they all go, all rise? Nope. No. Once again, this is not a courtroom. It was not a courtroom, it was just, Dude, we, but there was, there was a jury. There's not a jury. There's, this is again, legislative, not judicial. Oh, legislative, not judicial. I Forgot there was a difference. This, this is, this is more, you know, they're voting on how they wanna proceed in business. So, Yeah, that makes sense.


Yeah. So this is a lot different than a jaywalking ticket. Much different. Was There like one owner that kind of like, stood out to others? Like one that was just kind of like, like I think the one that stood out the most was Jeffrey, because, you know, obviously he's been, he's passionate about this. He's, this play has been a big part of the eagle success and Yeah. You guys don't win a Super Bowl about it. Yeah, I, I I will say the, I get it, I get it. I kid, the, one of the greatest teams ever played The official proposal was not targeting the tush push, so to speak, right? It was a targeting. They just wanted to add in the verbiage that used to be there that you can't assist the runner and push the runner. Right? That was a rule for 60 years.


They wanted to go back to that rule. The reason they changed that rule back in the, I think 2016 maybe was because it was be, it was really hard for the officials to decide like, you know, is this guy pushing an offender when it's a pile? Is he pushing the pile? Is he pushing the runner? So they decided to just get rid of the rule of pushing and allow that to happen. And that's when the tush push started. So the proposal was to go back to that. So it's kind of all encompassing, any type of pushing. Needless to say, I think that the main reason this is being brought up is because of the tush push and the success of it and the notoriety behind it. And I think Jeffrey was just, he's been pretty passionate about trying to get his point across.


And I don't wanna go into too much of what happened in that room. 'cause I don't think it's my place. I Think it was kind of crazy. I was even in the room to begin with. You are the tush push Jason. Yeah, but I'm not an owner. It's not called the tush push meetings. It's called the owners meetings. Did you really make someone cry? Rumor alert. Some NFL owners were reportedly moved to tears listening to Jason defend the tush bush. Yeah, I don't know what account this is. NFL notifications. Well, it's NFL notifications. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I dunno how NFL notify. Yeah, it's clearly, it's got a blue check. It counts. I can guarantee you that. No, nobody cried. Nobody cried. Okay. I'm The crier. Everybody knows I'm the Crier. So you cried in front of everyone talking about the Tush.


I, I did not cry because in, in front of this, because this was not a moment that warranted crying. So this Is, I think it's cool as hell that you did this man. Obviously everyone listened to your words and the tush is still in because Jason Kelsey went out there and defended the honor and, and Philadelphia's legacy. I don't know if anybody's mind changed at all. They needed two more votes to ban it except for the proposal. There you go. You need 24 votes for the proposal to pass. Yeah. I, I don't know which of these teams are already in favor. I mean, I know talking to a few of 'em with even the day of, you could just kind of tell which teams were kind of in your corner and a lot of them incorporate the offensive lineman pushing down field or just don't think that the play should get removed for the reasons that are being stated.


But listen, I think everybody has legitimacy in how they voted. I think that the reality is, this was a rule for a long time in the NFL that you can't assist the runner. Both the competition committee and Dr. Alan Sills Pro suggested that the proposal pass and the play be banned. One for health reasons and another for competitive fairness reasons. So I think that there's, you know, a, well, not competitive fairness, but more just like they wanna see that out of the game. They didn't like the pushing of piles and stuff. But I took away from this meeting that all of these owners have good intentions and not just in this proposal, in all the proposals.


You know, there was multiple things discussed throughout the meeting and it really did. It was really cool to witness how this process takes place. The owners back and forth over the proposals, things that passed, things that got tabled, things that didn't pass. Like I think at the end of the day it was just awesome to witness and see how serious each one of these owners take all of these decisions and how it's gonna affect the game. What could be byproducts of these changes. It was cool to listen and, and, and be in the room with. 'cause I don't think that in a million years I'll ever be back in that room. So, I don't know, it just kind of felt surreal being there Until you succeed Roger Goodell as the commissioner of the NFL Jason.


It's, yeah, I think we, we, we could see by my background that that is not gonna happen. I can't even, I can't even get in the close off the for floor, let alone That background. I thought you were talking about your No, I think your life background, I don't really want to touch too much on it. 'cause again, I don't know like what's privy to Cher and like I don't, you know, listen, mom told us not to kiss and tell, right? So you know, you, there's some things that you know in the Eagle's locker room and as a player you find out like what's good to share. And then as a, in this world it's like, listen, I don't know, I just wanted to go there and offer my perspective on the play and dispel some of the rumors that had been being said. Did you get any cheese curds while you're up there?


I did not. I was in and out baby. You can, unfortunately, I would've loved some cheese curds a spot cow, you're fucking food. You're a foodie dude. You gotta go in there and grab some carrot, man. Get some, I mean get some Minnesota, whatever dude you want. It would've been good. Want a Super Bowl in Minnesota, dude. I know. Listen, I'm not gonna lie, I got some good vibes in Minnesota. Dude. Super Bowl. Freaking All of America Winning the tush push proposal. There we go. There we go. You got, what else? What else? What Else you got? Oh, I, I had a layover in Minnesota once with Delta dude and they gave me some like service where they drive you to the next gate and I don't even ask for it. I don't even know how that Happened. That's pretty dope. That's pretty dope. I'm not gonna lie though. Walking, like walking through St. Paul.


Yeah. Airport. I mean that thing's pretty sweet. You. They've got like a top golf like thing where you can go and like play like simulator golf. Oh wow. While you're laying on your next flight. Eat some Wangs, take some hacks. Did that with my guy. Old David Glover. Shout to dg. David Glover. Yeah. Trainer. Trainer in Kansas City. Legendary trainer in Kansas City. Oh nice, nice, nice, nice. Happy that it's gonna be around. But I even kind of said this last week, I, I, I think at the end of the day, you know, If it gets banned or not, the Eagles are good at quarterbacks, thinks they're gonna gonna continue to run those at a high rate. Yeah, I'm with you. I think people make too much of a fucking buzz about this goddamn play anyways. Yeah, it's a good play for you guys. You guys do it well and it will, it'll continue to be a good play for you guys.


Thanks tra for at least one more year. No dude. Then you'll let just have to go to the owners' meeting again. I feel like the Eagles should just not run it this year just to, I don't know if that's, I don't know if that's good for the Eagles. We were really good with it with Carson. I'm not saying they, they wouldn't be able 90 QB sneaks really 90. It's just that much better of a play for you guys. Yeah, but the push, you can really see the surge when everybody gets behind them and pushes them. I don't think so. I think that surge has happened regardless of the push. Usually I will never know Will we? No, we do know we, we can see it on the tape and we can see it. And before it was a play, Maybe because the push Never causes the surge.


The push just kind of like gets a little bit extra. Like yardage if it's all piled up. Oh no, the surge is created by the O line. It is, it is definitely the, the surge is started by the O line but then it's got a nice little double surge in there. I don't think so. Yeah. Were you there for all of it or just the tush push? Yeah, Well I was there for all of it. Oh That's sweet. So you were there for the Olympic flag football approval. Very much So. Nice. So the NFL is going to allow players to be a part of the Olympic flag football team? Yes. We'll see how teams individually choose to allow their players.


But yes, that is, that is a fact. I think it's gonna be embraced. I think that everybody realizes this is an opportunity for the game to be on a global stage that it usually doesn't get. And it'd be awesome if some NFL players are out there representing the USA. Oh man I gotta get, I gotta get hit to the rules man, so I can start to get, get ahead of the curve. Not so fast. I don't know If you saw this, but the, there is already a USA flag football team and apparently these players, well That's what I, I know I gotta get hit to the rules. These players do not think that NFL players should be playing it. They think they should be playing in it. Well I mean the May the best players play if That's my thing. Here's a quote. Lemme read this quote first.


So, so from Darl Doucette, he is the quarterback of team USA flag football. This is a sport that we've played for a long time. We feel like we are the best at it. We don't need other guys. Darl Doucette, the third USA flag football quarterback on NFL players potentially playing in the 2028 Olympics. Is this guy afraid of competition? It sounds like it Just to have a tryout and the best players make the team. Yeah, I don't know. So most teams are picked by, He just box boxing out other people from joining the sport because they haven't played the specific style of football. So I, I will say I think most other, No, nobody from Canada can come up here. We got plenty of guys.


Yes. So I think most other teams in the Olympics aren't tryouts. They are picked by like coaches. They like handpick the team. So tryouts are like more like individual sports. Hmm. So like team USA women's soccer. I don't think that they hold, I could be way wrong on this. I think that those teams are picked accordingly. I don't think that is as much of a tryout pro procedure. I gotcha. I kind of am on board with these guys playing. Let's just have these guys play an NFL team that's picked and maybe the best team win and represent the USA. Interesting. Yeah. Hmm.


What do you think? I wouldn't even know. I mean if you're right, do they have tryouts for USA teams? I did some perplexity doesn't roll off the tongue, but I did it. They do not hold open tryouts for national teams. Well this you just did women's soccer. I Just did women's soccer. I didn't do all we do every sport. I just, can we get to a more cons? Do they have tryouts for teams as opposed to individual sports? I don't even know how to ask that Questions. I think that's a good Do they have tryouts for Olympic team sports? No open tryouts. No open tryouts. So yeah, like you're saying, so there's a coach and that coach picks who he thinks his best team would be.


I believe so, yes. Oh, have This like, you have to get the invite. So there's Olympic trials, which is what I'm thinking of. You're thinking of trials, which is more individual sports. But that is also, it says the US is both individual and team. Oh hold official Olympic trials. There are high level competitions where the best athletes compete for a limited number of Olympic sports. For example, sports like swimming track and field gymnastics and wrestling have, see these are all individual sports that also have team components though. Mm. Like a relay component Sort of Yes, for but keep reading, keep reading. The Trials are more so for team sports, the process is often a combination of performance in trials, training camps and coach selection.


So the, the teams are selected after the trials. It's not like you do a trial to get into the team though. Yeah. So it's still, whenever it's a team, it feels like it's a pick. But either way, Back to what we're talking About. Back to this made up scenario that we're talking about in New Heights. Jason, I think it'd be cool. You've, you've defined the whole show. I think it'd be, I really do think it'd be cool if we have, let's just have a team of flag football, NFL players play these guys and see if they can win. May the best team win. I think if I recall in three on three basketball for, 'cause you know, that was an Olympic event this year or this past year. So three on three Olympic basketball. I think they, they didn't take the best three.


They had like a, a tournament or something where the, the USA team that ended up being like our represented team Yeah. Was like the one that won that tournament essentially. Yeah. How'd they do in the Olympics? Ah, Jim or Jim or Fredette got injured. Let's, let's not copy that model. You got Burned up. Alright, so I could be off again though. This is not, none of this is legit research here. All I'm saying is I think, I think a coach that is familiar with flag football should select an NFL represented team and that team should just play this flag football team that's been playing for a long time and feels like they are the best at it and they don't need other guys.


True. And then whoever wins This is like a mystery Alaska Pretty much. This is awesome. I that's The best way, way to Alaska, Alaska one because Alaska, I Like, I do agree if these guys are the best, they should represent USA 100%. But I don't think that I, I'm pretty, I mean I've never, I don't know anything about flag football. I feel really confident they're not the best. It's, we got just some crazy, some guys that can do some crazy stuff with the ball in their hands. Man. And I understand even Darnell watching Darnell's highlights. Like, he looks Good. He looks real good. Darrell. My bad, my bad. Darrell or Dar Darrell. Darrell dug it. Damnit.


I think it's Darrel Doucette if I'm not mistaken. Alright. My bad Darrel, I even his highlights are fucking epic. He Doesn't look like Darrel though. He does kind look more like a Darrell Darn Darrel's gonna have a little bit more thickness to him. You know what I mean? Darryl's, The Darrell, the Daryl's, the Darrel's and the Heights definitely had, Yeah, you're a little bit stockier. You know what I mean? Darrell is more This dude. He could, he could move around and slide around and, you know. Yeah, no, he's, he's shifty as fuck. He he can play. When we think of a quarterback though, we think of somebody that can really sling it around and Well, I think of somebody, you can do both. I think of Lamar Jackson. Yeah. I There's no chance dude Lamar would be, fuck.


Nobody's catching him Helix. I I want to know Lamar Lamar's more of a Darrell. He's stocky now though. That's What I'm saying. He's got a little bit of he to him, he's got a little bit of heft To him. Like what if we hold like a combine? Dude, I don't, I just think we have the NFL team play these guys and whoever wins goes, that's it. I don't even, I mean, if they're the best team, they should represent us. But I, I feel like if we put Lamar Jackson, Tyre Hill, do you Think it's as easy as putting Tyreek Hill outside and having Lamar just throw a go ball to Tyreek? I mean, I think that alone would probably be pretty effective, but I think that it's gonna be also more than that because there's other players too that are gonna be out there. Like, I'm trying to, like, I, the problem is, I don't know flag football that much and I don't know what skills you want.


Right. But I feel like just speed is usually pretty good. And And the NFL has speed. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Has a lot of it. Yes. The flag football game in the Pro Bowl, they kept blitzing, Eli's team just kept blitzing and they couldn't stop it because they couldn't avoid the sack. Like, you don't have to beat a blocker. So you don't have to be big, you just need to be quick and agile. Yeah. So linebackers aren't gonna be on this team. It's gonna be, It's gonna be dvs and receivers. DV hor like the, the defense is gonna be very heavily fuck Dammit. Well, I mean, maybe not. Maybe a big body receiver is a mismatch for some of these shorter, quick guys. Maybe. Do you have to play both sides of the ball again?


These are questions. I don't know. Good point. Let's keep it moving. We have a new award in the NFL. We Do. We do. I Was there and Jason, you actually won this award. No, we did not. I've, I've never, nobody's ever won the award because it's a brand new award. No, but you won it. I did not win the award. It's, you're definitely getting a trophy. Nobody Has ever won the award. I do vote on the award. I am one of the select members of the committee that will decide who wins this award. Dude, you're like two steps away from being commissioner. Are you kidding me? You're like, you're go, you're trajecting in that direction. Pretty Sure that's not gonna happen, Dude. Next, next is you'll be in charge of the fines. Yep.


Yeah. Not gonna happen. Jason doesn't fine anybody all year. Yeah, it's fine. Back to this, the, the protector of the year. Can you, do you have information on how this all began or how this all started up? Well, I, I don't, I'm pretty sure it started. So Andrew Whitworth and Roger were on my late night show in season and we talked about having an offensive line award. And from that they kind of put together a list of guys seeing if they'd be interested in helping kind of give this thing some life. There's a lot of icons of the game and the position that'll vote on this.


And the NFL got behind it, it's gonna be called the Protector of the Year. They're, it went back and forth on the name. I think at one point it was the Shield or something like that. It's very tackle dominant. So they went towards the protector of the year being the offensive lineman of the year, essentially. Very cool man. So, so this will now be at the, the NFL honors. It will be honor and Offensive lineman. Finally. Yep. Big Andrew Whitworth has, has been instrumental in, in kind of like leading the charge on this. So there have been 10 protectors of the year, the pa the last 10 years. They did not Did say who would've won these No DRAFT KINGS just made some weird list. This is not like a official thing. Well I think DRAFT KINGS should come to you and give you a fucking trophy.


'cause you were the best protector in 2021. I mean, It's not even my best season. My best season was 2017 by far. So now you're saying you were better than Andrew Whitworth in 2017. I'm definitely not saying that. I think this is gonna be a, an award that is heavily dominated by offensive tackles because tackles are more of the limelight of the position. There's also a lot of people that are gonna be making the decisions. Former tackles and tackle's just a harder position. Like if you're dominating a tackle, you're freaking getting the job done now. So It's one of the highest paid position in the league. Yeah, I mean it's, it's, it's, it's very difficult. And the guys that do it at a high level, guys, We're giving these guys way too much money.


We gotta get an award firm. Hey, should we give Jason Kelsey the protector of the year when he doubled a nose guard with the left guard for 80% of the snaps? Or should we give it to Lane Johnson who had the one-on-one block von Miller like, Nope. Nick Bo nope. You Gotta give it to the guy that's in the front of the tush push. This play is unstoppable. Why? Because of big old 62 hard knocks news. The Buffalo Bills will be featured in hard knocks this year on HBO their training camp. And it's gonna be exciting. You know, finally we get some inside access to what the bill's got going on over there with Josh Allen and the gang. And the NFC East will be featured as the in season edition.


So we'll get the entire NFC East. Do we like the picks? Yes, Of course. I like all hard knocks picks. You can do any fucking team in the, in the league and it's gonna be entertaining. Neither of us have done hard knocks. No, I haven't, I don't think I've seen Jason do it. The only thing we did the one year Amazon did something similar and I didn't interact with it because it was just like hard to really know what it was. So I kind of like stayed out of it. But hard knocks has not done been done with the Eagles yet. This will be the first year. Just so everybody knows, each team has their version of what kind of, what hard knocks is like the, the Chiefs have a YouTube series called the Franchise where they do a season long kind of, they, they, they recap every single week and get, you get inside access through that.


But hard knocks is just, you know, the training camp ins and outs. And I remember growing up, I, it's not as much this now, but I mean, you see guys get cut, you see guys make the team. It can be, it can be a happy and sad story all in one. So hard knocks is always, always interesting shit. And you get to see the characters that, that are the NFL like some of these coaches, some of these, you know, equipment managers and trainers and stuff. You get to see inside these teams from a different point of view. We do not have, I don't know what the franchise is for you guys. I, I wouldn't say the Eagles have not had any type of exposure like this in the middle of a season. We have our own YouTube channel and stuff, but I don't, this is gonna be a whole nother level of a look into the inner workings of the Philadelphia Eagles.


I believe it always depends on how open the team is to kind of allowing it. And I haven't, I'll be honest, I haven't watched a lot of in season hard knocks. I've always been accustomed to the training camp one. That's what I grew up loving. Like the, with the Cincinnati Bengals, the, the New York Jets with Rex Ryan, I think Did the Lions do the first in season? I remember watching clips of that. I'm right there with you. I only, I've never watched the in-season one. I've only seen clips of the in-season one. Yeah, they moved last year to the conference setup instead of just doing individual teams. So last year was the NAFC north and this year it's gonna be the NFC East. And I think it's a good choice by the league.


I think it's gonna be a competitive year for the NFC East, even though the Eagles are the favorites coming out. Washington was really good last year. They've improved this off season. The Giants had a really good draft and it's also just four major teams in huge markets that have a lot of history in the NFL and a lot of animosity towards each other. So I'm gonna watch it this year and I haven't watched And I like the N-A-A-F-C North. That's my conference too. That's what I grew up on in Cleveland, Ohio. Come On now. But I can't wait to watch this one. I'm with you dude. AJ Brown is already out. Unfortunately. He retweeted NFL films account when they announced that the NFC east will be a a part of the in season.


Hard knocks. He just said straight up. Nope. With a period on it. So what is, we know AJ isn't about this kind. He's he's he is very, you know, he is, he's not for the the flashy inside scoop stuff like Right. Like a lot of guys are but I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that. He's just not, you can tell he's not a part of the, he's not about that. He think He's saying nope because he's out on being a part of it saying or The battle battle for The east. For the battle for the East. Yeah. That might be that. I feel like he's Of of saying like, yeah, there ain't no battle. We're the, we're the reigning champs that, that's kind of the vibe I'm getting from it. But maybe not. Oh I, What do you think? I think he both feels that there is no gonna be no battle for it.


And also Let's, that's so good. And that's new news brought to you by AMERICAN EXPRESS.


All right, before we get to Wayne Gretzky, The Great One, Let's get to some no dumb questions brought to you by perplexity. Alright. Discover fast and reliable search with perplexity AI today. Holly Halls, If you could bring back one discontinued snack or food from your childhood and it would taste exactly how you remember it, what would it be? I don't even know if I can remember a discontinued snack or, or food Here. I looked, I looked up a list. I looked up a list on perplexity. Oh nice. There we go. Perplexity, help us out here. Notable, discontinued 90 snacks. That's a great, that's a great question.


Butterfinger bbs. Those are good. BB Crisp. I don't remember those. Choco tacos discontinued, Sadly. I was wondering why they stopped serving them in the ice cream trucks in Seattle. I thought they just weren't selling enough of them. Wait, why would they stop selling those? Are you, are you Talking about the same tacos? Taco Taco, the frozen ice cream treat. Is that what it is? Yeah, it's frozen ice. It's ice cream sandwich. But a taco. No it's not a Klondike, it's it's This, Yeah it's got like a hard chocolate shell and then it's got like chocolate woven into the vanilla ice cream in the middle. When did that stop? I think that stopped recently. 'cause they, unless they had a bunch of them stockpiled in the fudgy wedgie carts in Seattle City Discontinued to 2022.


See I'm on top of the choco taco lore. Alright. Jesus. Teenage mutant into turtle pies. Don't even remember those. No. Crystal Pepsi. I think everybody's happy that's gone. Oreos cereal. Don't remember that. Air crisps dude. Kind of remember that. Dude, I'm I the drink just took me back dude. Fruit topia. Fruit Topia doesn't exist anymore. I had fruit topia every day, Every in high school day in middle school. It was when I was chugging fruit topia. They said it was discontinued in 2000. Maybe I didn't have fruit topia. I thought I had a fruit punch. Fruit topia every day. When was it discontinued? I'll go back up. Hold on. It couldn't be 2000.


Where was it? It says early two thousands. Yeah. Okay. So it was still There. It was right before it was. Right before It was still there. Okay. Yeah. I definitely had it in high school too. Dude. I'm going through toia. I used to, it was the heavy Bruise don't exist anymore. I just had those things like two years ago. Dunkaroos are bangers too. Gosh damn Stopped in 2010. They, I, they could've brought, I think they brought back Dunkaroos for like a limited time, But yeah they did. They did stop making just the serving of frosting that we used to eat. Planters cheese balls, Keebler Munch s Crispy m and M's. Swoops. Hmm. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not hating that any of these are discontinued. It's probably as a reason. Butter finger. Butterfinger bbs were really good.


They Were good, but it's not like I'm that upset about their, them not existing anymore. Well you're an adult man. This is not that big. Choco Tacos I'm kind of upset about. 'cause I tried to get one a couple years ago and they didn't have 'em and I was a little bit upset about that. They, they should bring back fruit topia though. It's got real fruit in it. It was healthy. But I had lunch. It was healthy. I remember, I remember going to my mom and asking her in middle school, because we used to get like school lunch going to my mom in middle school and be like, mom, can I get like $5 a a week so that I could get a fruit topia every day? 'cause a fruit topia was a dollar at the, and they had one like drink machine, like vending machine and you could go and get a fruit topia and instead of like the milk or the water that they were giving us in the lunch line.


And it turned into me just going and buying 50 cent honey buns. Like a ridiculous, like $5 worth of fucking honey buns on Monday. So good. And I came home one day with like, I like threw my book bag on like the couch or something. Yeah. And mom was like, what the fuck is in this bag? Mom didn't swear, but she's like, what the hell is in this bag? She opened up the bag and it was like a grocery, are you stealing honey buns from the grocery from the store? I'm like, no mom, I'm using the money stockpiling.


I'm stocking up so I can have these all day every day. That's great. Yeah. And that's when my mom stopped giving me $5 for, for opia because I was turning into a big boy. Yeah. She was like, all right, Gotta love it. Shout out to mothers. All right, well what, so what's yours? I said topia was my, if they could bring it back, what do you that I could taste Right now too. I could taste the fucking green one. Man, it's so good. It's like a Kiwi strawberry or some shit. What are you going with? I don't know man. Dunkaroos are a close second for sure. You're going chocolate tacos it sounds like. Yeah. I'll go chocolate taco. There you go. Way to get out of there. That's It for Notam Questions brought to you by perplexity.


Let's get to this Wayne Great ski interview.


Thank you to our partner Reese's and their new PB and J Cups and strawberry and Grape. Now for a limited time only Man that sounds like the perfect candy combination Reese's, PB and J. Some things just sound right together. The only question is what took them so long, better late than never. Reese's PB and J Cups sound like a complete candy. No brainer. Do you guys better get in on that? Greatness of not just one but two new Reese's PB and J Cups in strawberry and grave. Decide which one you love the most. Probably already deciding I'm a grape guide. You can also just follow in love with both of them though it's Perfectly okay to do that. But get 'em while you can because unfortunately they're only here for a limited time. Reese's s new PB and J Cups watch A Jam Found wherever Candy is sold.


Now a moment brought to you by American Express. What is your favorite vacation that you've been on? Let's take it back to the childhood. One of my favorite vacations when we went to Disney and we stayed at the Disney Sports Hotel Man Alive. It was a sports fanatic like I was when I was a kid, man, I felt like I was having, they had turf everywhere. Allstar Sports Resort or something like that. Ooh, Right. Yeah. And I Dude, you got a good memory man. I like the the Caribbean one when we were like on the beach Because they had the rocks and the waterfalls and the, the water park and everything. Yeah. Oh man. They had the water guns you could shoot random civilians with no matter what kind of traveler you are, though the American Express Platinum car to offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Enjoy access to centurion lounges at airports worldwide and And when you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast for two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout. Plus with Global Dining access by resi, you'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum car to your resi profile. That's the powerful backing of AMERICAN EXPRESS. For full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with amex.


Thank you to our partner DraftKings basketball fans. It's win or go home time. The NBA conference finals are here and the intensity is off the charts. Every possession matters and there's still time to get in on the action with our partner at DraftKings Sports book. Here's the deal. New customers can bet just $5. And if your bet wins, you'll score $300 in bonus bets. That's right. Pick your side, place your bet and get ready to cash in. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and sign up using code New Heights. Jason, the crown is yours. Stay in on the action and use $300 in bonus bets on DraftKings same game parlays for a shot at an even bigger payout. Combine multiple bets together for the same game. Love the thrill of live betting DRAFT KINGS has got you covered. BET. Live on end game in progress games Right now as they happen. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the draftking Sports BET app now. New customers use promo code New Heights. Jason bet. Just $5 on any wager and get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins. That's promo code. New Heights Jason Only at DRAFT KINGS Sports Book GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. This is the longest one I've ever had to do, so just be prepared. Okay.


Alrighty. All our guest today is one of the favorite athletes of all time. For both of us, this is a true honor. Woohoo. 15 time NH L All-star nine. Time NH LMVP 10 Time scoring Champion two time Con Smy trophy winner four Times. Oh yeah. Stanley Cup Champion still holds the records for most points in assist in a career. Most goals assist in points in a single season. Yes sir. And nearly 60 other NH L records. God damn, He is a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame, member of the Order of Canada, the first player to ever have his number retired league wide.


Goddamn damn. These are a lot of stance. Goddamn damn. He is the star of the greatest hockey game. Travis and I have ever had the joy of playing. Please welcome The Great One, Mr. Wayne. Fucking game Sir. Hell yeah. I dunno what to say after that, Dude. Absolutely epic man. Exact same way I scripted it, but well done. Well that felt like it took forever, but it could have taken so much longer. I mean you, the amount of records you hold in the NH l record books is truly remarkable. Unbelievable. Do you have one that like you means the most to you?


Like which of all of your records are you the most proud of? If that's easy? Well listen, first of all, hey, it's a pleasure for me to be here on your show. Love you guys. And it's an honor for me to be part of being with you guys for a day. So thank you again very much. Oh my Gosh. The man. As You guys know, being a professional athlete is such a thrill and anytime you get any record it's a thrill and it's an honor. And so for me, each and every one was felt the same. But if I had one record that I cherish the most is the record that I think is gonna be hardest to break. And that was, I scored 50 goals in 39 games. Yeah. And I think for somebody to get 50 goals in 38 games, as you guys know, the athletes get better every year.


Yes. The equipment's better, the coaching's better, training's better. It's just, sports is better today than it was, but that's not knocking what we did back in the seventies and eighties and nineties, 20 years from now, it's gonna be better than today. So I'm proud of all of my records. Heck yeah. 50 goals. And what is three? That is insane. Oh my gosh. Did you just feel unstoppable that year? I mean, how did just, everything you sent at the net went in. So the rec, the record was 50 and 50 and then Mike Bar came along and he tied the record 50 and 50. He scored two goals in the last seven minutes in his 50th game to get 50 and 50 Epic. And I remember watching it and seeing his face and the jubilation and the joy he felt.


So I was driving to the rink with my roommate and I had 45 goals in 38 games and I was a little more edgy than normal heading to the arena. And my buddy turned to me and he said, are you okay? And I said, You know, I just thought of this. If I don't get 50 and 50 now, people are gonna say I choked. And so I'm thinking before the game, I'm thinking during the game I'm like, gosh, I gotta get to the 50 and 50. I'm gonna look like a miserable fool. And so There's no way, Of Course two goals, I got three goals, all of a sudden I had 49 goals. And I'm like, alright. And I scored the 50th goal and my buddy turned to me. He said, well I guess you don't have to worry about that 50th anymore.


That's awesome, man. Recently and Alexander Ovechkin, ironically just around the same amount of games, just, you know, past you and most career goals ever scored. And it was, it was awesome to see you show that respect and that class to him. When you set that record or at the end of your career, 99, did you ever expect that at thing could be touched? Like I like it was mind blown that anybody is even around that realm, man. No, no. We all hope not. But listen, so I Remember The night I broke Gordy out's record or the night before I was having dinner with my dad. And I said to my dad, I said, you know, in some ways I'm kind of embarrassed 'cause it's a different era and a different time from when Gordy played.


And he was such an icon and he was my idol. In some ways I'm feeling kind of guilty. And I'll never forget my dad saying, listen, you just have the same dignity and respect that Gordy Howell has for you because he's truly happy for you. So when somebody breaks your record, you be as classy as Gordy Howell. And I remember I looked at my dad and I said, well, can I just enjoy it for a little bit Already talking about getting broken. I had so much fun. The NH L took care of my wife and I, we flew up there, we were at the game. I remember saying, gosh, we playing in Chicago. Like he, he might get three tonight, we gotta go. He's got two goals and tied it.


My good friend is the assistant coach, Kirk Mueller. We went for dinner after the game and I said, why didn't Ovechkin go on the ice in the last minute? You had the empty net. You were one of the coaches. Why didn't you put him out there? And he said, we tried to. And he said he didn't wanna break the record on an empty net goal. So showed you the class that he has, which was wonderful. So we got to go to Manhattan, spend a couple days there. My son lives in New York, So we spent a few days in Manhattan, got to see him play on the island. And when he did score the goal part of me was like, gosh, I was kinda looking forward to going back to Washington. They were playing Thursday that week. It was fun going to hockey games, you know? Yeah. Like dressed, no pressure. We knew eventually he was gonna break the record.


Oh yeah. And he's just a wonderful young man. And I think that his ownership group, deadly Onus and the hockey club and the coaches and his teammates and all the teammates he played with over all his years, he's just, he deserves the record and good for him. He's meant so much for hockey and Oh yeah. Washington for the NH L and Of course in his own country, Russia. So I'm proud and privileged that he broke it. And I'm happy that I can say he's a good friend, Man. That that is such a cool story. See, just to hear how much class and respect is in the NH L and and you guys have been doing it right? I believe his, his rookie year, you were the coach of the coyotes. Yeah. And Osky, he scored the, the goal in 2006. How crazy is that to come full circle?


Somebody asked me the other day, they said, when did you realize that vet can had a chance to break your record? And he said, when I was coaching it against, so I think his first year really, he went through the whole team twice and scored on his rear end on his back. Remember looking around going, what, what just happened? And not did he beat players, he beat some good players like some, he beat some NH L guys and he beat a good goaltender. So, hey listen, you know, that's what makes sports wonderful, right? When you, you think, oh my God, can we get any better than another guy comes along and you go, wow, that guy's phenomenal. And then every sport's the same, whether it's football or basketball, hockey, baseball. And we just sit back as fans and go, you know, this is wonderful, this is great.


We get to watch, we have bleacher seats here and we get to adore these athletes. Look at Caitlyn Clark, how she's kept, Oh yeah. Just taking over the country for that matter. Maybe the world and how she's, she's encouraged so many young girls now to participate in sports, whether it's basketball or soccer, volleyball. My dad used to always say, the greatest thing about sports is that you learn so much about real life. You learn how to be unselfish. You learn how to be dedicated, you learn how to work hard, you learn how to win. And then you learn how to pick yourself up off the ground when you lose. And that's what life is all about. And so I just have so much respect for so many of these athletes that come along now and I as a fan, I just love it.


Hell Yeah, absolutely. And I think we both can speak to this, you know, we didn't really know what hockey was that much growing up at first. And I think what you guys brought in that era in particular, you growing the game. I mean, it became so much bigger in the United States at that time and it caused both of us to start getting in. I mean, started making movies about it, slap Shot came out, then they had the kids moving with the Mighty Ducks and all of a sudden everybody's playing hockey and Yeah. You know, hockey's grown so much. I would say this like Gordy how, and Bobby Hall and Bobby or they were the sort of the golden age of the sixties and early seventies. Yeah. And then, you know, the Islanders were so special in New York and then, You know, I got traded to LA and everybody goes, you know, like, did you go to LA to outgrow leaf sport?


And I, I really didn't, I went to LA because I thought, okay, this is gonna be really good. I, I'm really excited about playing in la. I wanna be part of growing a franchise and helping hockey. But I didn't realize at the time when I went to LA that Steve Eiserman was in Detroit and Mario Lemu was in Pittsburgh and Brett Hall was in St. Louis and Mark Messier was in New York Legends. Not only those, all those guys really good players, but they were incredible off the ice too. And they had charisma and they loved the game. So we had this big wave that kind of went all at once and it was the perfect storm, right? And then all of a sudden and Mighty Ducks came in and I'll never forget Michael de Ener having dinner with him one night and he said, You know, I'm gonna have an NH L team called the Mighty Ducks.


I remember looking at him going, you gotta be crazy. Michael NH L team, the Mighty Ducks. My wife Janice says to me, you know, he probably is the number one marketing man in the world. I think he knows what he's doing. Yeah, Right. What he was doing. Oh yeah. Nothing was better than the than the nineties though. And seeing you guys though, the names you just threw out there, messier Lemu. Yeah, man. I mean, you name it man. You guys had that thing rocking and rolling, especially for two young guys like us outta Cleveland, Ohio. We didn't even have a team, So we were just fans of the game and the league. Seriously, league wide. Yeah. I played an exhibition game in Cleveland. I can't even remember what year it was, but it was somewhere between 87 and 91. We played an exhibition game.


Yeah. And The gun. Yeah. Gunnar Know Cleveland Baron. Remember those days? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. We know the Cleveland Barons real well. Dennis Ook was their go-to guy in those days. That's Too good, man. How about the shout out to the Barons baby? Yeah, we had, we had a coach that actually played for the Barons for a little bit. We gotta ask, man, do you have, do you have so many good nicknames? Do you have one that you just, you, you chuckle at or you like the most? Or you you got The Great One. We, we found out that one of your early nicknames was the white tornado. Not Gonna lie, that's pretty good. White, Because I wore white gloves. Oh, yeah. And I was playing well, and I went to this tournament in Quebec City and they drew really well.


We were drawing 15,000 people game to watch us play. And I wore white gloves and somebody wrote in French, he's the white tornado. And my dad hated that one. He hated The Great One. I think my favorite nickname was Doc and the the Golf World through Dustin and all his friends I've known anywhere in the golf course was Doc. And one of the things I said was I, I became an honorary doctor to the University of Alberta. Very cool. I remember I sent somebody one day, you know, Dr. Bus wasn't really a doctor, but he is an honorary doctor and they call him Dr. Bus. And That was That, can somebody call me Doc?


Love it. My kids even call me Doc. I like, I love it. That's awesome. So that's probably my favorite nickname. That's A good one. I'll forever call you, doc. We got It. For sure. There you go. Let's shift to the current Stanley Cup playoffs Right now. Yeah. Four teams left. We obviously, we got Edmonton leading two to one. The Panthers drop three, nothing on the hurricanes. Who do you think is gonna shape up into the, be the, is it gonna be a finals rematch? Yeah. Well, listen, I, I want you to know I'm the only guy at t and t on that panel that picked Edmonton to get to the finals. Are you, you go. Hey, There you go. Okay. One Right now, I picked Tampa Bay from the east, but part of my pick at that point in time was to, Chuck was hurt. And he's such a big part of the success of, of the Panthers.


And I wasn't sure he was coming back, but he's such a great player and such a good team player for that team. Tough guy, Man. Listen, you guys know how it is when you win a championship. It's hard to knock off the champions. I mean, they know how to win. They know what it takes. They focus, they know how to keep the distractions away. Now, I will say this, Edmont Turner learned a great lesson last year, losing in the finals. They'll be a little bit different, a little bit more prepared than some of the things that won't be surprised is off the ice. But they still gotta get through Dallas, because Dallas is so well coached, ran in trade. This kid is a tremendous hockey player. Their goaltender Ottinger is really good.


They're big, they're well coached. That series I still think is gonna go seven games. Florida looks like they're in a great position. They win tonight. They're gonna get a nice break. As you guys know, you get those breaks. It's more mental than physical. Sometimes you get that mental break, right? And so Florida, they'll regroup. They know what it takes to win. They'll know how many days to have off before they play the first game again. They're well coached, well managed. I'd be hard pressed not to think that it won't be a rematch in Florida Edmonton, the difference is this year Edmonton would have home life advantage, which in the playoffs, four to seven is a big difference. Heck yeah.


Hell yeah. I, I'll tell you what, man, that back and forth that they talked about last year going, se going seven games or whatever from Edmonton all the way down to Miami, and like, that time difference is like a seven hour flight. It's absolutely ridiculous. It's crazy. But I'll tell you something, even crazier how times have changed. In 87, we played the Santa Cup finals, seven game series. Edmonton, Philly. And we flew commercial, the Edmonton Oilers, we flew No way. You're like, you're sitting coach. The next morning after game two, we flew from Philadelphia to Toronto. Toronto Edmonton went to the arena, practiced, but we didn't know any different.


We loved it. Oh yeah. Like, you know, what else are you gonna do? We, we didn't think we were being treated any worse or poorly. We loved it. We were all together. We went, it was just part of our life, right. We had no complaints about it whatsoever. And in those days, you'd be sit in the middle of the airplane, you know, they had smoking sections. In those days, the plane guys would be like choking and say, oh my gosh, their eyes getting out on the ice. But that was all the teams did it. That's the way we, that's we didn't know any different, right? It was fine. Oh Yeah. I'll tell you what, whenever we go, whenever we go overseas, or we do like an international game, a lot of the international like travel, you gotta go through international customs.


So you're going through the main concourses Yes. Of a lot of these big airports overseas. And I'll tell you what, man, some of the best memories and stuff are after you win a game and you get to go enjoy walking through the concourses, joking around with all the guys, I can, I can, I can see that being a hell of a time. Especially if you're in the, if you're playing for the cup, like it doesn't matter how you can bused there and back, you know? No, we, we didn't, we didn't complain. One second. We were loving it. We're all together. And I wouldn't have traded it in into the world. That's cool. But you're right, Florida Edmonton is a lot, lot of travel. That's crazy. It's like an eight hour flight. And Not to mention when Florida gets off the plane, they gotta go against McDavid and dry side.


That's the fastest Guys ever. Yeah, Peter, let's go baby. It's something different watching hockey in person than watching it on tv. And, and I'll tell you what, I went to a Stars playoff game last year and seeing, seeing the action and seeing how fast those guys are, man, it is, it's mind blowing. It, It is so unique. I always say the the, our sport, If you watch it one time in person, you're gonna sit there, sit back and go, oh my gosh. I didn't know it was like that. When I retired in 99, we had two more children and about the age of eight and we were in Thousand Oaks, California, not a lot of hockey out there. And about the age of eight, my son said, can we go to a hockey game?


So I called my friend Luke, and he got us seats on the ice, my wife and I, and my son and a friend. And that, you know, on the ice how big and fast they are. And like they run around and it's physical like your sport. Crazy. It's, it's more physical than people even see or believe. Oh yeah. My son got up and he turned to my wife and he said, be really honest, my dad really playing this league. It's a whole different level when you're there working. Oh yeah. The respect the players, athletes each other. I don't know If you guys followed the Winnipeg Dallas series really close and it was physical and you had to be a man to, to play in that series.


And unfortunately one of the players on Winnipeg's father passed away the night before game six. But one great thing about our sports is the handshakes after a series. But the pure compassion that the players had for him and his family was incredible because they just spent the last six schemes trying to kick the crap out of each other. And to see the emotions and the true emotions of, you know, hey, it's a game, but we're family and friends. That's what's really important in life and, and in sports. And so it was really great to see and be part of. I was there and I thought it was so emotional. Absolutely. I mean, I can believe it. I, there's two things you touched on that I think I've always been true for me with hockey.


And one of them is I've been hit all over the field on a football field. The hardest I've ever been hit in my life is open ice on a hockey ring. Like you get a hospital pass going where you're looking back and the defenseman can have a clear run at you, man, oh my gosh, that is gonna hurt. That is going to hurt. Excuse me. You, you never look back. And secondly, you never have an defenseman that bad that passes a puck that bad. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. There you go. But I always said this, I never played football, but I always, I would watch the games my son played in California and it was always fun. 'cause Joe Montana was always at the games. His son and my son played together. I could sit with Joe and nobody ever bothered me at the games.


'cause Joe was there. Everybody wanted to talk to Joe, but just to watch the game. And the one thing that I see the difference in hockey and football, they're both physical, but at hockey you kind of knew where the guys were in football guys come outta nowhere to hit you from the side or play. At least we know where the guys are. There's only four other guys coming at you or five guys. Yeah, you guys, you got 11 guys that are trying to get you and you, half of them, you don't know where they are. And that's what always amazed me about football. That's Right. You gotta have that head on a swivel gotta be Oh yeah, Always. You talked about the guys in the Winnipeg and Dallas series and like hockey has much so, such a culture to it that is just everybody is truly, I don't even know how to describe, but I felt like it was like they were even growing up, there's such a tight-knit culture to the sport, to the NH l like you're waiting around to go to ovechkin time when he's gonna break your goal.


And it doesn it just, that's something I've always appreciated about the sport even growing up, the parents, like, it feels like there's like just a culture to the sport that that that is inclusive to everybody and just, I don't Know. Yeah, you got guys throwing haymakers on the ice at each other, then afterwards shaking each other's hand. There's so, there's such a class in respect, but such a toughness to, to defending and being there for your teammates. People ask me sometimes I don't even have the answer because I, I, I watch these guys and a lot of 'em are, I, I'm very proud to say I don't have any enemies of players I played with or against. And I would think that I would help to try to do anything for guys that, that were ex-players.


We're all eventually alumni. That's the one thing we haven't called, but I used to do a fantasy camp in Vegas and I was, I had a friend there one day and I had all these guys. I, I bring in 14 NH l guys and I put three, two or three of them on each team so that the campers could get a chance to hang around with them, see how they work, see, get to know them personally. And it was just remarkable. And one day I said to my buddy I grew up with, I said, come here, I wanna show you this locker room. And I had like Chris Cha in there and Marty McSorley and Shane course and all these guys. Oh man, So cool. And I said, you know, it's amazing. Those guys fought each other for 15 years, not like one time in their careers, but they fought each other and whacked each other.


Every time I see Chris Shelly, I'll see how we doing. I say, well, good. My wrist isn't as sores as it was the last time I saw you, you know, without hockey, you know, you, you battling to try to win to thank you for sure. It's all been done. We're all on the same page. We're all trying to help each other do things for each other and help this person's charity or that personal charity. And that's what makes our sport so wonderful. But that starts back in the sixties and fifties from guys like Gordy, Howell and Bobby or, and then they pass it on, right? And yep, the guys pass it on. 20 years from now, they're gonna, kids are gonna be saying, yeah, I remember Crosby and a vet skin and I remember McDavid and yeah, you know, those guys really showed me the way.


And that's the way hockey is. Our culture's always been like that. I'm very proud of it. Absolutely. That's awesome, man.


Thank you to our sponsor Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking with Allstate first. Like, you know, to check if you've got your wallet before getting in line at the grocery store, Like, you know, to check If you have all the ingredients before you start baking. Jason, Like, you know, if you've got a hand on the tush before pushing, Oh baby, that's what I'm talking. They gotta have double hands on the tush. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and casualty insurance company in affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Thank you to our partner. Kingsford Memorial Day is almost here. The unofficial start of summer. Yeah, yeah. Time to fire up those grills, baby. Kick off the season of outdoor entertainment with Kingsford. Every backyard gathering becomes the perfect celebration. Don't just throw another cookout. This Memorial Day host a legendary barbecue. Because Here's the thing, that signature charcoal grilled flavor can elevate any outdoor gathering. That's right. The smoky and unmatched heat of Kingsford turns any party into Flavor Towel. What's on your grilling lineup for Memorial Day? Jason? Almost assuredly we will make burgers, hot dogs and probably ribs, Burgers and dogs can't bait it. Throw some ribs in there. I love it. That's pretty much the go-to in our house. And I will say I, It's the go-to in everybody's house. I would Assume. I try to outdo Kylie and Kylie makes better ribs than me. It's embarrassing. Turn your dinner plates into grilling plans with the authentic wood fired flavor of Kingsford original Charcoal. There we go. Tag Kingsford and share what you're cooking up. They might even hook you up with some epic supplies because with Kingsford, every day is a chance to gather your people and fire up something special.


Every big moment starts with a big dream. But what happens when that big dream turns out to be a big fly from Wondery and at Will Media? I'm Misha Brown and this is the big flop. Every week comedians join me to chronicle the biggest flubs fails and blunders of all time. Like Quibi. It's kinda like when you give yourself your own nickname and you try to like get other people to do it. And the 2019 movie adaptation of cats, like If I'm watching the dancing and I'm noticing the feet aren't touching the ground, there's something wrong with the movie. Find out what happens when massive hype turns into major fiasco. Enjoy the big flop on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the big flop early And ad free on Wondery Plus get started with your free trial at Wondery dot com slash plus.


We mentioned that you were the coach for the Coyotes. How much different is it trying to coach and not necessarily have the, the ability to go out there and, and and, and make things happen, but try and just like be a coach, be a leader. What was the biggest difference in terms of leading a team in that, in that aspect, outside of just not being able to get out on the ice with the guys? Well, listen, first of all, I loved coaching and I, I had tremendous group of older guys like my Captain Shane do. And my gold center was Curtis Joseph. Oh Yeah. Guys, Joe Bki. They were just wonderful guys. I never one time ever said, gosh, why can't you do this?


Or didn't you see that? I didn't even do that with teammates. I had one teammate who always said to me, every time we come off the ice, he said, Gretchen, you didn't see me. I was wide open Gretchen, you didn't see me. I was wide open. Finally, I said, if I see you, trust me, I'm gonna give you the puck. I started calling him seven 11. I like, he's always open, always that guy. I said, he's always open every time I come off the ice. I Said, I I want you to score as badly as I as you wanna score, so IC I'll get you the puck. Yeah, yeah. So I never really overly concerned about I wish that guy could do that.


I, I kind of, I loved coaching, I loved helping kids become better professional athletes and professional hockey players. I truly enjoyed it. It, it's, you know, I've tried everything in the hockey. I was a player. I, I was fortunate enough to run Team Canada in 2002 and we won a gold medal in Salt Lake City. It was one of the great thrills of my life. I played in the Olympics in 1998, Nao Japan. Unfortunately, we didn't win, but it was such a great experience and, and staying in the Olympic Village, we had so much fun being with all the other athletes, curly figure skating. I can only imagine, man. It was like going back to high school, right?


Yeah. So my point is, If you get asked to be on the flag football team, do it. You're gonna love Dude, dude, I got, I gotta find it. Even if, even if I'm just like a assistant coach or something, I gotta get in there somehow, somewhere. No, No. It's the greatest thrill being part of the Olympic games you're ever gonna have. I mean, it truly, it will be If you get a chance to play. If they ask you to play, do not turn it down, trust me and awesome. Stay in the village. It's overwhelming so much. That's awesome. Noted. Alright, we wanna start here with you growing up and your dad, because our, I speak for Travis and I, our father has been such a huge inspiration for us in our lives and was so impactful and us right?


Just having joy for sport and competing. Oh man, he was there except the way he was our baseball coach. Fueled, He fielded it. Yeah. He so involved. And the stories of your dad and his involvement in the backyard ice rink, like first of all, how did the back r how, how did the backyard ice rink come about? Like where did that even come from? Well, it's interesting because everybody thinks, and my dad built this backyard archive, An NH l player. That's the legend. Yeah, That's not true. So Folks came from, one came from Minsk Belarus. My grandmother came from Ukraine. They met in Manitoba, Winnipeg moved to Southern Ontario, and they bought this farm in 1924.


And the farm had a river that ran through the back. And at two and a half years old, I started skating on the Spro River. Well, my dad would take me out there on Saturdays and Sundays when he wasn't working, and I would skate all day on Saturday and Sunday. So then as I get a little bit older, three and four, he'd take me to the park and they had these outdoor parks and I would skate for hours at that time, I'm not in school yet. He didn't start school until five years old or six years old. So my dad got mad one day. He was so cold that he decided, look, I'm gonna build a R in the backyard and I can sit in the kitchen, drink my hot tea and undo a creek. So every, every late November, early December when it first started to snow, my dad would say to my mother, listen, go over to Wilco, the the store and buy me a sprinkler head.


And my mom would say, you're an idiot. If you think I'm gonna go ask for a sprinkler head in December when it's snowing, they're gonna think I belong in a home. So Right now go over to get his sprinkler and he'd put it in the middle of the yard and it'd go back and forth for an hour. He'd move it, move it around, and he'd make the ice o elbow six, seven inches thick. We'd have the best ice and they'd skate all winter on this backyard rink. And it was just, oh, that's so cool, you outta necessity. It wasn't to make me a better player or make me an NH l player. But the ironic thing about it was he was the worst handyman in round in the whole, We know a guy, We have the greenest grass and the thickest greenest grass.


People would stop and say, Walter, how, how did you get your grass like that? What, what are you putting on there? And my mom would just shake her head, be like, Oh, And it just comes from freezing in the wintertime and you're gonna, I don't, for some reason it works. So that's how I started. And like your dad, my dad took me to every practice took me to games and he did the same thing. I had three sibling brothers. He took my brothers, he took them to practice baseball. I played box lacrosse, track and field. I don't think my mom and dad ever missed. They were at some, one of them was at either a practice or a game 98% of the time. That's so good. One of the things you talked about, I Think it was in the masterclass thing I saw you do with your, about your dad was not only, you didn't just play hockey.


I feel like that's unique to a lot of hockey players. Now all they do is they just play one sport. But you played baseball, you played box lacrosse, like yeah, you guys, you did everything. How much do you think that that enabled you to be a better hockey player at the end of the Day? Well, I, I don't Think it, I don't think there's any question without all that, I wouldn't have been the player I became, oh wow. Track and field helped me build my endurance. I I used to be a long distance runner. Box lacrosse taught me out of, you know, avoid body checks and cross checks or roll off of them. Baseball, you know, baseball was, was my favorite sport as a kid actually. And you have to be such a thinking man. If you have to be one step ahead of that pitch, you gotta, you know, if you're playing shortstop or you're playing third base or you gotta know where, where you're gonna throw the ball.


If it's hit to you, if you're playing, if you're in first base and you're your guy's bunting, you gotta know when to go. So you're always thinking and anticipating in baseball, and I tell parents this all the time, that all those sports helped my hockey. Now in those days, they didn't play as much hockey in the off season. And I feel bad for some of these kids because their parents are thinking they're getting left behind. 'cause their son, their friend's son is skating all summer. That's not the case. I think all these sports help you. And then when you get to be 15, 16, you say, you know what? I wanna be a football player or I want to be a hockey player. Then you make that decision. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't think you just throw everything away at the age of 10 11, concentrate on one sport.


I I just, I'm not a big believer in that. And I feel bad for some of these parents who can't afford to have their son or daughter play all year. Right. That think that think they're getting left behind. Trust me, they're not getting left behind that they're gonna be fine. Yeah. Yeah. And it feels like a lot of times these parents get caught up in the moment and it's like, no, no, we're building this thing for the future. Really just not, I mean, chances are nobody's gonna play in the NH l we're just trying to, we're just trying to build the most all around athlete and well centered or human being. Right. Whoever's having fun doing this. Yeah. My boys grew up in California and there wasn't a lot of hockey in, in Thousand Oaks area, but my son played baseball. And I would go to practice and I, you know, you go to the games and you saw these parents and I'd be sitting there going, oh my gosh, just hope that your son turns out okay.


Just hope that maybe me gets a college scholarship. Right. This ERs one of the hot beds of the baseball country Oh yeah. Is about four kids that have made major league baseball here. Right, Right, right. Let's Not get too far ahead of it. It's a professional athlete. And I know firsthand, I I I went through it and you guys know firsthand. Yeah. It's hard to become a professional athlete and you gotta learn to be a good person, be a good teammate, and then if you can get a college scholarship, hey, after that everything's gravy. That's the way I look at it. Absolutely, man. You, you keep mentioning not a lot of hockey out there in California and I, all I keep picturing is the Pro Beach Hockey League.


Do you remember when this thing here man, as a kid, as a kid, that was the one of the coolest leagues ever. They had crazy jerseys. They had the whole arena right there on the beach. It was pretty cool. I gotta admit they did a spectacular job. I had some friends who were actually playing in that league No way. And went down to watch a game one day and they said, wow, this is pretty good hockey. That's Rocking. Yeah. I I was like very impressed about the whole style of it. The whole sail pitch, the, the game itself. I thought it was pretty cool. You know, Chris Jelly was a hall of famer. He didn't even ice skate till the age of 13. He grew up inline skating. Oh wow. Really? Yeah. That's crazy.


So I Always tell parents, listen, financially it's tough to be a hockey parent at the age of eight, nine, and 10. If you son or daughter's inline skating, it's gonna be fine. You're, you're not falling behind and trust me. Oh yeah. My mom said that was one of the best decisions I ever made for her was in high school instead of continuing to play hockey and her having to buy all this equipment. And especially at the rate, especially at the rate me and Jason were growing. That's right. It was like every, it was like midseason, we'd, we'd change out skates for a new size. You guys would go through two pairs of skates in one year. That Exactly. And it's Not even just the price of the equipment. You gotta wake up at like five in the morning to go to ice time.


You're traveling. We went, we went to Canada to go play hockey tournaments. Like not many parents can foot foot the bill for it. But it's, it's a tremendous sport That, that's the hardest thing. I I see it in Florida. 'cause If you live a lot of the time there, and I see it in, in California, these parents are so dedicated, these mothers, they don't get enough credit. Look at us and Matthews as folks in Phoenix getting up four in the morning and practicing and then playing in the league. Can you imagine at 11 years old you're in a league in Phoenix that you're playing against Detroit, Chicago, Dallas, Denver. I'm, they're traveling more than the Phoenix Coyote team.


It's crazy. It was crazy. I'm like, oh my goodness. So the parents, they deserve such credit or like hanging in there and backing their sons or their daughters and just, it's, it's incredible. Really. Our dad is always credited hockey with both of us, making both of us good athletes. Oh, there you go. Oh yeah, 100%. He's like the late the leg strength, the, the speed of the game. All of it. He, he raves about it, Understanding angles and I mean, you name it. And I will say the best, some of the best football players at Changing Direction. 'cause you get used to going on Edges on the Ice. Those guys are always good at change the direction on a football field too. All righty. We're gonna ask a bunch of questions.


This is called We gotta Ask. Feel free to not answer 'em. Tell us this. Fuck off. Whatever you need. All right. All right. Favorite parting with the Stanley Cup story? Which one you got? Oh, the very first one we're in the locker room. Nobody knew what to do with the Stanley Cup because nobody had ever won it before. I was sitting there with my dad and my little buddy, the, the stick boy Joey that's famous now in Canada. Hell yeah. And I said, what do with the Stanley Cup? And he goes, you guys want it? Take it. And So we took it everywhere and now every time I see Phil who guards the Stanley Cup, I say, we gotta you that job you made a living probably around the world protecting the cup.


So that's probably my favorite Stanley Cup story. Awesome. That's so good. Jason actually had the cup right there where he is sitting in his living room. Yeah. Oh cool. I was so fricking jealous, man. Lord Stanley. It's even more beautiful in person. Oh my gosh. Have you, Did you, you've, did you eat or drink out of it? Oh yeah. You always take a sip. One of the Stanley Cup. Right. There we go. Got to one of the great days I had was Of course times have changed in the eighties. I called the Hall of Fame one day and I said, Hey, I'm at home at my hometown. My grandmothers are coming over and my mom's doing a barbecue in the backyard. Can you bring the cup down? And they drove the Stanley Cup down and on the back. That's so good. Nobody really was around except my folks and my family.


And it was actually pretty cool. That's, that was back in the day where it was a little less crazy. Right? Yeah, sure, Sure. Should more sports include fighting? No. Alright, fair enough. Hockey, We were talking about it. Hockey is unique in that aspect where it's not gonna just take over the game. It's like no, it's more of a yeah, it's more of a outta respect thing and a and a tone setter than it is If you, If you add fighting in other sports, I mean, guys, it is literally just going to get turned into a Trust me. You don't need it. Somebody one time asked me is fighting in hockey reel? And I said, well, If it wasn't, I'd be in more of them. You don't, we don't need the fighting.


No. You said you were a long distance track and field run. Is that what you said? Yeah. Well We had this clip, Brandon. We got the clip ready. I know what you're gonna already Know this, this Ain't a long distance race. This Isn't a long distance. And you are out the gate. I'm gonna Look at the white tornado. Go baby. Let go. Give that man The football on a, on a sweep baby. Let's see, let's see what he can do. See, I'll tell you A funny story behind that. You had to, If you weren't asked me to do this, it was his charity and his thing. And I said, oh, I'm awful of that stuff, but I'll come, I'll do it. And the other five events, I I had no chance.


I Think it was an obstacle course and whatever. Yeah. And I remember I said to my dad was there, I said, geez, I better do well in this race 'cause I'm gonna come last in every other event. Last in every other event. I wasn't very good. I think there was a bike ride and an obstacle course I can't remember, but I Wasn't very good. No, man. That's awesome. That is awesome, man. Yeah, you smoked them. Well, we gotta we gotta give you a shout out. Have you ever played your a your game? We, me and Jason played this game our entire lives. I play it. Yeah. We still, we still, we'll, we'll we call it Wayne Bruski now. We'll play it in, we'll, we'll make it a drinking game, man. We, how did this, how did this even come about?


Did you, like, were you, were you a video game guy or did it just kind of come to your table and you're like, yeah, let's do it. Crazy enough. One of my really close friends, wonderful man who unfortunately passed away, it was his company. He came to me, we played a lot of golf together. And I said, honestly, I said, Jack, I don't know a lot about this stuff. We, I think we won New York Times Video Game of the year. He created such a cool game. And I remember thinking, wow, this is pretty cool. That's Awesome. And my boys at the time were eight and six. They loved it. They played all Oh man, every day. Oh, I'm proud that it was part of it. But look at the games today. It's incredible. Oh yeah. No, it's, it's, it's, I Mean, I like I'm playing hockey.


Seriously. So Well we love that one. Oh, we Still play. We appreciate you for It. Thank You. We gotta know who your, who your greatest of all times are in the, in the NBA, the NFL and the MLB. Well, The N B's Easy 23. That was pretty easy, right, Mike? Yeah. NFL Well, I'll go with you two guys. Like one or two, let's Go. Hey, let's go, man. I'll take it. Major League Baseball. Listen to me. What Jackie Robinson did was in is incredible, babe wrote how we created the, the full baseball world.


But I'm gonna pick George Brett as the greatest player I ever saw. There We go. Be there we go. Keeping it mo baby. He and he was such a force and he was so good. And then in your sport, I mean, how can you go against Tom Brady with all the championships, right? Yeah. Tb Yeah. We, you know, the great thing about sports, we sit around and we all argue and debate. We don't have all the right or wrong answers. Right? Who's the greatest team? Who's the greatest individual? Who's the greatest player? We don't know. It's all opinion, right? Yeah, sure. Exactly. And You, you just sort of pat those guys on the back that have made a difference, not only what they did, but how they've helped their community, how they helped charities, how they get involved with their family, their cities.


So it's hard to go against the, I'm proud of the fact that I could say George, Brad and Michael Jordan, Tom Brady and I got Bobby or and Gordy, how and Hockey. Those are the two greatest players there ever to play. There We go. You Beat me to it. What If you were gonna make a Mount Rushmore of NH L players who would be on the Mount Rushmore? So we got Gordy and Gordy, how and Bobby Orr on it. All right, who else is on this? Le And Mark Messier. See Travis, the greats always leave themselves off of their own Mount Rush. What are you talking about? Travis Infamously put himself on his own Mount Rush work. I didn't know If it was, I picked those four guys anytime.


I always tell people, mark Messey was the greatest player I played with. Mario was the greatest player I ever played against. And Gordy, Allen, Bobby Orman, the greatest two players ever to play our game. That's awesome. Oh God, that's awesome. Who, who owns the quote? You miss a hundred percent of the shots. You don't take you or Michael Scott from the office. Now I get pushy, it's my quote, not his. I They go, dad, do you ever walk to the office? I go, I, I don't even know what you're talking about. A quote. It's a pretty good quote. And I looked at it and I said, oh my God. No, I, that's fine.


I don't care. No, no, That's too Funny. If he wants to claim it, go ahead and claim it. I think that's all we got for you, doc. Listen doc, I love that. Yeah. I really appreciate you guys. And listen, good luck to you this year. Don't let them take your jersey away from you until you're absolutely ready to quit. Make 'em rip it off your back. You're the best. Hey, you're the best. Oh, No doubt. Lemme ask you though. You're the absolute best. I gotta ask you one more story. Yeah. So I've since been golfing with my brother, right? And he has the greatest head cover I have ever seen in my life. So How did you let this knucklehead get this head cover? What is the story behind that is the coolest thing on the planet to us?


So I'll tell you this. So he, he was playing golf with a couple buddies and my wife at Troubadour and really hot that day. And I said, I, I don't wanna play. And I was in watching TV or something with my buddy who lives on the course, Randy Bernard. And my wife texted me and said, we're coming through the where the hole that he lives on. Come on out, say hello. And I said, okay. So I brought out this head cover and I brought out this head cover and I gave it to him and said, here, this, my son gets these made. And I this is mine. You Can have, it's so cool too, man. It's very cool. But you know what pissed me off the most about the whole thing? We took this picture and everybody sent me letters and phone calls. What are you doing golfing in bare feet?


Take A picture. I'm out there to do a nice thing. One all Golf points. You got no, no shoes on. I'm like, I'm not Playing golf. He Just hanging, man. He was just hanging, Playing the golf. Not me. Oh, once it's out there on social media, man, everybody's gonna come. You're the best though. Big guy still, I still got it on my, on my driver today, man. No doubt. Listen, it brings, it brings me good luck. So good for you guys and keep it going. Have fun. Have a good Day. Thank you for everything. Thanks, doc. Doc, thank You. My pleasure. We just fucking, we just had one of the coolest conversations of I of my life. It's Pretty Awesome. I could have kept asking him questions.


I'm so pissed. I didn't have my fucking Gretzky skates, man. You have skates, you have 50 skates. I have Nike, I have Nike Gretzky skates. Yes. All white Gretzky skates. The white tornadoes, Nike Grets, white skates, the docs, the docks. What a fucking cool ass nickname. It's pretty sick. I'm wearing nothing but white gloves all year. Ooh, love it, love it, love it, love it. No, you're not though. That would increase your chance of holding. Don't do that, Don't you? You're right. I'm outta there On that


Alrightyy. That wraps up this episode of New Heights Jason, make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Jason channel. Follow New Heights, Jason in the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights, Jason early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. That's right. Once again, New Heights Jason, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Reese's in their new PB and J cups. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s thanks to our production and crew for always making us look better than what we are. And thank you again to all the 92 Percenters for tuning in. Hope you guys enjoyed the interview with The Great One. You guys hear that call? Yeah. Do you guys, can you guys make out what she's saying? I can't, no. Sounds good though. She's saying I'm all done pooping. That's the call for me to go wipe Elliot's ass. Oh, That's, do you need to do you need to come back to us? Nana just walked up there. Thankfully. I'm gonna start doing that at, oh, that's So good. Come on. Gosh. It's the best. She just goes, what? Yeah, you're not gonna want to answer this call you don't Want. Don't. You don't wanna be part of this bit. This bit's not for you. Don't worry about it. All right. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights, Jason, early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps, the ones that make you really question what's real? Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices? Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling, they stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.