
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Okay, check this Deli boys on Hulu. Two brothers, Raj and Mir are living the high life, not a care in the world. When they're old man dies, it all vanishes. Poof. And they find out he didn't just own a deli, but was a drug kingpin. And they're like, what? The throw in their ruthless ant. Some guys who just want to kill them, God knows why. And keeping dad's drug business going, sounds amazing, right? Deli Boys is now streaming on Hulu.


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable. But Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power Technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Arm and Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and orders. Put Armand Hammer Deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer. Deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


Ted Lasso is a coach. Yeah. Is like the perfect Temperament. And I just think it's so ironic that now that you are a coach of your daughter's team, you went back to the Coach Campbell style of coaching entire just Ted lasso on the line. Ladies, just because you're eight years old doesn't mean you gotta act like it for God's sakes. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. A onery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Audible ha ha.


Listen to what I gotta say. Mm. We're your hosts. I'm Travis cousin, my big brother, Jason Kelsey, If you didn't know, we are the Kelsey's and that's what they call us. And you're listening to our podcast. We are recording together here in Los Angeles, California, making our way out West. Yeah. How about that? It's pretty nice. Two Clevelanders making the way out west. Yeah. To the show. Big time Hollywood officially Out here for a small amount of time. Yes. And we're gonna enjoy it. Yeah. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus, or wherever you get your podcast. And follow the show on social media at New Heights. Show with one s Jason, let the people know what a special episode we have coming up.


Well, We're back. And we have an incredible episode for you guys. That's right. We are bringing you this episode on Friday. 'cause we just couldn't wait to get it to you. That's this. You got a treat for you. This guest conversation was just too good. Get ready for Mr. Jason Sudeikis. Man, I'm fired up about this Dude. The best. We're Gonna get into it Right now. Gear up. How long did we chat for the we? I only Ask this. We're all good. I mean, how much time do you have? I, whatever. I, I only asked that 'cause it's like I can give short answers or long answers. I don't know what, you know, what agenda you guys have. Whatever We're talking Yeah. I think This is not professional as you know, Jason, we we're just out Here here, but I just, I I watch all my podcasts viewing and listening are are from clips.


So it's like you guys, I'm Sue Megan and like, You know, I the smoke, it's like, you know, so I I I know that it's 30 seconds at a time. No. Yeah, yeah. No. They'll, they'll make, they'll cut it up to make it 30 seconds. Perfect. No matter how longwinded it is, they'll make a clip. Good. I I, I I respond well to editing. Same Z. Yeah. Well that being said, Jason, you want to jump on the Intro? All right. We're gonna jump right into it. We got Our own Bruce Buffer right Here. We're gonna, yeah, let's, and let's prove it. Alright. Our guest. Where am I? Where's my iso? All right. Our guest today from Overland Park, Kansas, he's a four time Emmy award-winning actor. A fifth grade CYO championship winning basketball player. You might know him from his nine seasons on SNL or starring in the Emmy award-winning show.


Ted Lasso. I ran out. Please welcome Mr. Jason Sade Smoke. Holy Smokes. Nice to hear that all stated one after another. It's like, I forget. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You're just driving out the, the windshield. You don't, I don't look in the rear view mirror often enough. And We're only getting the highlights we're getting. That's it. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Didn even mentioned my children. I like, you know, Speaking of which, how are your children? They're good. Yeah, they're good. Otis Daisy. Yeah. Shout out Guys. They're doing great. Yeah, they're doing, doing well. Otis has got his birthday, his 11th birthday coming up here. Let's go on April 20th. And so yeah. Now, you know, he's, he's well into the double digits now, so it's love, Love man. Little man. You already know. I'll get him the keg. Yeah, exactly. I like he Ready? He's ready. The bubbles.


That's how we do out there. He likes the ceremony of it. Yeah. You know, that and the pumping and the, and the, and the keg stands, just the, the taste he probably wouldn't respond to. Do you remember your first beer? Yeah. It was a lot later in life than most. Okay. Yeah. I was one of those athletes that took, took strongly to the DARE program. It was Me and you both for real. Me and you both. I was college I one out of this. You're the cool one I remember. No, I was not remember a band, But remember Jason stumbling into, into the bedroom at, at five and, or not at five, but on a Friday night. Yeah. Just here at boom boom, boom. Poof. And like breaking doors off hinges. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And you were like, I'll wait for that. Yeah. I'm getting to that eventually. That doesn't seem as cool as it's made out to be.


But I do remember mine was, I do remember it was second semester, freshman year of college, community college. I was on the basketball team. Okay. And, and we got, you know, as an athlete, you know, you guys know you got the, well maybe not for, for football, but like for basketball, you would get there early before school started, you know, second semester. So we were doing practice and everything like that. Right. And I did three Miller Lights and then half a root beer bottle of Root Beer schnapps. Oh wow. And I was, I was ripped. Yeah. Yeah. Ripped. And, and, and my, my that'll do it. My, my good friends Chris Signs and Brandon Bartels, they were roommates and they, they, they were the ones that paved that, that let me use their phone. I remember calling information in LA asking for Jim Carrey's phone number.


Like, we were like, Carey Jim. Oh, maybe it's under James. You know, like Ace Ventura was the biggest movie in the world at that point. So we would watch it every, every other week and yeah. So it was, it was bad. And then the next day we had practice and I remember puking what looked like eggs, but I didn't eat eggs. Yeah. It was like, yeah. It was bad news. It was bad news. Yeah. And then I stayed away for like a year or two. And then it wasn't until living in Las Vegas when I was doing Second City, like in my mid twenties, that then, then we would go to this bar called The Crown and Anchor, which is since closed recently. Ah. And it's what we named the bar in Ted Lasso after. And it, it was one of those places. Yeah. We'd play a lot of darts and drink pints and eat chip buddies, which is basically like french fries on hamburger buns.


Oh. It's a British thing. What? Really? Yeah. Or a Vegas British thing is one or the other. Yeah. Chip buddies. You don't ask too many questions. Yeah, I know. Where should we start? You tell me. Is your show you like, I mean, golly, Did you ever pitch Ted Lasso at SML? No. No. No. So Can you, can you kind of give us the backstory? 'cause I think I know a little something. I got a good friend in, in Casey who married a, a girl that I think her father was maybe a gym teacher. Oh. I had a, I had a basketball coach. Was it the basketball coach? Donny Campbell. Yeah. Donny Campbell. I mean the coach, the the coach character itself was, was styled after Mike Ditka. You know, we did these commercial, we got, okay, here I can, here it was in, I always wonder this in, in 2013, it was the summer of NBC sports had the Premier League that they're gonna be showing on, on, on, on NBC.


So they're like, okay, we want to do an ad campaign. And they had this, this, this advertising company called Brooklyn Brothers, which was actually two British guys. And, and they had like five different ideas for, for different promos. And one of 'em was an American football coach coaching soccer. Yeah. They were modeling it after a coach character that I had played on SNL, which was much more of a yelling type, you know, like he was a football coach. Yeah. He had a mustache, But Yeah. But he was a yeller screamer, you know, like a Bobby Knight type type you, you know, thing like probably, you know, went to West Point kind of thing. Throwing chairs. Yeah, exactly. A hundred percent Like that intimidation. Yeah. Intimidation versus motivat as motivational. Right. Stereo. Yeah. Yeah. And it's my kind of coach. And so then I then I was like, oh, I like, it'd be more fun to play like a little bit, you know, softer version of it.


And so that's where the voice sort of came out, which was just a way that I would, you know, would talk when, when you're just sort of doing stuff with your friends and joking around and playing a certain type voice type coach. And it sounded a little bit like Bill Self sounded a little bit like Roy Williams sounded a little bit like, it was just a voice that I just, you know, it, it wasn't specifically after them. Oh, okay. The, the coach, my high school coach, a fellow named Donnie Campbell, was definitely a guy who, he was definitely the guy that introduced me to John Wooden, who was like the patron saint of sort of the ethos for, you know, the Ted Lasso character where he ended up being on the show. But, but, but also was really always had those fun kind of country, country fried phrases, you know. And the one that, the one that I always remember that I always bring up is like, you know, sad as you look more nervous than a, you know, a long tailed cat room full of rocking chairs.


You know, He sort like Lions Kansas, But you know, he was like a badass football player, you know, he played a K State was a quarterback I drafted after Warren Moon Oh wow. In by the Oilers. So he never saw a announce playing time plane, but, but like a big dude and when he would, he, but he definitely, you know, and I think he'd own up on this and, and, and I deserved at the time, but he was definitely more of a screamer. Like I got, I got the brunt of, of of, of Coach Campbell and rightfully so, you know. And yeah, he would holler at me quite a lot 'cause I was a flashy, fancy kind of passer peep out. Yeah. That was my, that was my, that was more my vibe. And he was more of a Norman Dale. You got five Chris passes before we shoot and you know, watch's, All that fancy shit over there, hundred Snakes, whatcha doing, like all that.


Then when we did the commercial in 2013, you know, he was a little bit more of a knucklehead. And then we got to, then it did well, like, like the people liked the commercial comedy, people liked it. Soccer, people liked football, people liked it. A favorite quote that B Brendan and I heard like a couple years after that was like a British guy come up to, oh, I love those commercials. You got everything wrong perfectly. I like, Like, oh, it's like such a lovely way to say, that's great. And we were flattered. Yeah. So then we wanted to do another one in 2014. And So we, we, we came to NNBC sports and they're like, they're like, sure, but we don't have the budget to fly over to London. It's like, okay, great. So then it became, okay, well this is kind of funny 'cause the story is he got hired and fired in three days by the, to Hot Spurs in the commercial in the first commercial.


So the second one was like, instead of him being mad about it, he lo he fell in love with Ling London. He fell in love with soccer slash football, and now he's just dedicated his life. And he, you know, he bought a Mini Cooper and he is waking up, you know, the butt crack of dawn to watch Premier League over here in the States and, and all that kind of stuff. But it unlocked this sort of like, childlike enthusiasm for him. And he started coaching a little girl soccer team and whatnot. And, and so then that was 2014, then 2015, Brendan and Joe and I hung out. You, we were talking about like, what else could we do? Do we do it in another commercial? Is there more there? Is there like a movie? And we just sat down and just started writing in, in one week's time. Like in three days, like, like six different ideas for episodes. We, you know, wrote a pilot script.


And then it just sat there for like two, three years. You know, my ex and I, Olivia, we had, we had a couple kids, you know, Joe, who's one of the co-creators of the show, co-created a show called Detroiters with Tim Robinson and Sam Richardson and their friend Zach Cannon. And then Brendan was, you know, writing plays and, and, and acting and all sorts of stuff. And then Bill Lawrence, who, who had created like Cougar Town and Scrubs and and whatnot, had an idea for a show that he thought maybe I could, you know, would be interested in. That one didn't quite work out, but we hit it off. And he is like, well, If you have any other ideas, you know, let me know. And I was like, well, we got this, we had like this stack of papers. Yeah. I was like, check this out. See, is this anything like, but again, towards the, what I was saying earlier, no part you're gonna wanna check.


It was like, is this, is this anything? Like literally, I don't know. Yeah. You know, and, and I always put that, that phrase that I always heard about, You know, I was typing last night, You guys wanna check out this? But did you think that it was something No, I mean, I knew it was fun. No, not, I mean, I knew it was something that we, we had fun doing. I knew it was something i, I was excited about, but it wasn't like, I assume More times than not when it's that it's something Yes. Right. Yeah. But not to the point. Not to the level. It became what it is. Yeah. Yeah. Just, you know, not no way, Jose. There's no way to know that. Yeah. But it, but it was, at least I wasn't embarrassed, You know, I was giving it to a guy who, who could, you know, it was like a stalled car. And I was like, do you have gas for this tank? And he certainly did. And he, he read it on the flight back and he is like, oh, there's definitely something there.


He was a hundred percent into it. And so then we then, then it was like this long, the long process of of, you know, making it, of like, you know, trying to pitch it to, to networks and streaming sites, trying to, you know, write a pilot then, then, you know, then, then writing it, then shooting it, then editing it, and then you then, you know, released it to the masses. Yeah. What, August, 2020. And then it just took off in a way that never in a million years would, would any of us thought. I mean, I don't, like I have a decent imagination. I couldn't have imagined Yeah. That at all. And as Ted Lasso Fans, man, thank you. 'cause that shit is gold. I appreciate it. Thank you. Have you, have you Had professional athletes or just athletes in general come up and talk to you about how much they appreciate watching the show? Yeah. And like, I, I really do think like Ted Lasso as a coach Yeah.


Is like the perfect temperament as a coach. Yeah. Yeah. I've always felt like, and I, you just nailed it. I appreciate that. And I don't know, I've, I've always been curious like what that you talked about your gym teacher, your basketball coach, like how did you get to that tone with him? I Think it was having, taking the best parts of all the different mentors and, and, and teachers and coaches I'd had in my life. Yeah. People like Tina, people like Lauren Michaels, people like Coach Campbell. People, people that I didn't have, you know, like Sure. Like John Wooden, you know, people, it, it is that wish fulfillment, the, you know, the person that you'd want to be at you like, and it was also just fun. 'cause it's like a hyped up a guy that likes to say yes and to other people for for sure that deals these things.


That's a good point. My job, you know, the first season when doing press, people are like, how much is that? How much is that? Like you, it's like, it's like, I Think it's the best version of myself. It, I don't always have access to that. How many of us do? Nobody, but it's like me after two beers on a friend's boat, you know, it's like, like in a bright, sunny day where you're just like, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm loose. I'm having fun. It's like, the water's cold, I don't care. Like let's get in there. Hey, let's, let's all hop in there. Come on, let's see what happens. Yeah. You know, like, and, and you're just like, you, you want, you wanna dance, you wanna dj, you want, you're just like, you're feeling it, you know? And, and, and yeah. He's just looking for the best in people. But I Think, Think it was an, an amalgamation of, of probably if I were to sit down and really do the work, like probably like 20 different people in my life.


That's awesome. And probably four of them are imaginary. Just something you'd want. But, but I've had, we've had, you know, athletes, coaches love it. Like, I mean, we've had, heck we have owners of, of sports teams, you know, appreciate us showing like the human side of, of ownership too. Absolutely. You know, I mean, yeah. I like Rebecca shut out. Yeah. And so it's, it's in all aspects and, and even just people like, I get to go speak at these events of like these companies and it's a lot, you know, people that are in leadership and we all are, whether we have a job that does it or not, we're all in a position of leadership. And so people respond to those elements. So many carryovers to everything. Yeah. And it's interesting you brought up Yes. And from your improv time. Yep. As, 'cause it is very similar with what he does in the show.


But I just, You know, I think especially when you've been through sports for so long and you've seen how like ego and things can be divisive. Yeah. The fact, the way he forgives, the way he motivates the way keeps people calm. I mean, the whole thing is just so well done. Yeah. I don't even know what I'm asking. No. To be honest with you, I've just been a huge fan of the temperament of it. Thanks. From day one. I just think it's so ironic that now that you are coach Coach Yeah, yeah. Of your daughter's team. You went back to the Coach Campbell style of coaching just on the line, ladies. Just because you're eight years old doesn't mean you gotta act like it for god's sakes.


Get outta my gym. Oh gosh. Get the hell outta my gym. So good. That guy, that character's right there too. Everybody's got a little coach Campbell. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. It's, it's amazing that Coach, coach Campbell, like the, a neat thing about this show is so many people connected to it have, have, have, have got to go off and blossom into their own thing. The Coach Campbell has like this great like, speaking career as, as like the inspiration of Ted Lasso. Which is, which is, which is wonderful. That's awesome. Coach. He, he can tell, he can tell the truth about me as as an actual athlete. It's not, it's that whole thing. The older I get, the better I was. Coach Campbell's there to stop that shit, he's like, Nope, he was not that good.


A lot of turnovers one to three assist a turnover ratio, but those Three never wanted to pass the ball. Yeah. Unless it was through his legs or behind his back. Jason Williams, Right? Oh yeah, they will baby. No, I appreciate it. It's, it's, it's, it's neat having people from it, it, especially from the soccer world because that's, any, any of these, our gatekeeper communities and the way that the, the football community embraced us. 'cause they didn't know they thought we were gonna be, you know, you know, mocking It or something. A hundred percent. And Why wouldn't we Americans coming over there and yet, You know, I impossible to do. When you have someone like Brendan Hunt who's like the, the football soul that he loves that sport. He comes about his love for it. Honestly. He was, you know, a Chicago boy who, who, you know, made fun of the scores and you know, like 90 minutes of nothing.


And then Yeah. Was working in Amsterdam and fell in love with the sport and, and loves it to his, to his core. And, and that permeates throughout the show. And we, and we try to honor that versus being parasitic towards it because Yeah. It's, it's the only way I think that the character would want Yeah. To be, it sort permeates from that, that ethos, you know, like, which is, which is really, really, really special and really neat. Awesome. Awesome. Well, is there season four? Is it in the works? Is it, are we allowed to say that? I don't what I'm allowed to ask on You can tell The fuck off. You can gonna, That's what we're, right, we're writing season four now. Yeah. That's, that's, that's the official word. Yeah. Ted Ted's coach and Yeah. The, they a women's team. So there that, that's, that's happening Team. Yeah.


That's, there You go. That's coming back to the States. Or am I asking too many Questions? Well, he was back in the Am asking too. He asking too many questions, but We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll leave it at that. We'll leave it At that. And it's only 'cause I don't, I Don't, I don't know Only many Answers Just writing it now Paper. There is a paper with ask Too many more questions. That That's that's what, that's what we've been Up to. I'm very excited to hear that. It felt like there needed to be more, to be honest with You. Well, that's, that's nice. And it, it's, I know there's that, whenever you're writing something, I'm sure there's always like, when at what point are we done with this and at what point do we keep going? Yeah. Have they, I speak for Ted Lasso fans everywhere that we really did not want you to stop, so please keep doing That. That was that, you know, we, we had those, you know, a couple years there where, you know, we had the, the writers and, and actors strike and that, and that made the time, the, the time off that we all earned feel a little less special because everybody was off.


And, and it's heartbreaking because, you know, that that takes that, that makes things tougher for not just the actors and writers obviously, but everybody else involved in, in, in, in making these things and people behind the scenes and then put up the lights and, and make the costumes and all that, all that stuff came to a grinding halt. And then just through that, you know, post that I should say Yeah. Just the universe kept just like saying things whether you know, kind folks at, at airports or, or on the internet or Sure. Friends of my folks or, or, or just, you know, o other people in the industry, other people in, in, in wherever, in any walk of life. And it was just like, okay, okay. I hear you. I hear you, I hear you. We hear you, we hear you. We're listening. And then, and then yeah, just more stories kept unfolding and just, you know, popping up in our, in our heads.


And so yeah. That's where we're just exploring all that now. And, and yeah, it's exciting. I mean, it, it's daunting, you know, Of course because we told the story Of course we wanted to tell and, but there's Yeah, there's more. There's, there's there's more there. And, and, and it is a neat group of people to work with. It's a, it's a, it's a wonderful group of people and characters to write around and for, and There's so many likable characters In Yeah, it's is. And Everybody plays their parts so Fucking perfect. I know. It's such a great group, Roy. I felt like Roy Katnick did career. You're ro career. That's like literally You're starting to kind lean into Roy A. Little bit. My, I learned a Lot to what this guy's doing Right now. It's something, I mean, because that is that, that, that character's a is, I mean, inspired by a bunch of things, but it's the way I felt like, like leaving SNL Yeah.


Like I'd done sketch comedy for, for so many years. It's the way I felt about, you know, guys that were athletes or when I stopped being an athlete, and again, I had that lovely cross fade from, I had a new passion. But when you don't, when you've been this thing, this guy for this long, and now you aren't, it's like, what, then what am I what Absolutely. And that question is so is is one that isn't, you know, and, and you got to play pro. Think about all the, I mean, I think about all the young men that I played a a u basketball with that were the best in the country. It's crazy. You know, and, and then they're not. Right. And it's like, and and there's nothing set up on the other side to deal with that drop off. Right. You know that when I look at these, what now? These young men? Yeah. You know, like it's, it's, it's scary and you think about all the people that may have, you know, used them on the way up and they're not there to help as much as you would hope.


And so, no question. Yeah. So, you know, someone like, someone like we Brett and I used to say that I, there's a version of Roy Kent that may have, you know, gone the way of the dark side had he had Ted Lasso not coming in his life. You know what I mean? Absolutely. It's, it's, I'm getting goosebumps Right now. It's the truth. It is. It's the truth. It is. It's like, it's, it's it's, and it's real. It that, that, that shit's real. So I appreciate you feeling that way about it, because that's the way I feel. That's the way I felt about him too. And it's like, and I, and I certainly know it's the way that, that Brett embodied him and, and connected to him on the writing side and threw him his hat in the ring to audition for you. You're just like, yeah. That's it, dude. You got it. Iconic. Iconic. Like, like holy smokes. So neat.


Thanks to our sponsor, Audible. Hey, Let Audible expand your life by listening. That's right. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Whether You're breaking free from old patterns or building better ones, Audible puts wisdom in your ears. Just open the app and dive in with thousands of titles covering every goal and interest. Your next listen is at your fingertips. Like the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or 10% Happier Ooh. By Dan Harris. I'll take 10% happier. I'll take tens. I fuck. I'll take a thousand percent happier. I'm gonna one up Dan Harris. Yeah. I'm actually, I'm gonna tenfold I'm gonna go 10000% Happier than you. I'm, I'm gonna a hundred times I'm gonna 1000000% Happier. Yeah. Yeah. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing so much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start Listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash new Heights.


Thanks to our partner UA Men. What can you really get for $3 these days? Think about it. $3 might get you a soda or some gum. Yeah, sure. A fresh breath is nice, but that gum's gonna lose its flavor. Well, we've got good news. Suave men has new men's deodorant. Oh nice. That keeps you fresh through double workouts, crazy days, whatever life throws at you all for just three bucks. No Crazy priced beard oil or eyebrow cream. Just quality that Straight up works. We're not talking basic senses here. Suave men, new deodorants have sense, like ocean charge, active sport and stress relief. Oh, I need some of that. They've got you covered For 48 hours of sweat protection with legit fragrances that smell amazing. Smelling good All day for just $3 is a game changer these days. You can barely get anything for that price. Very true. So why drop more cash when $3 gets you exactly what you need? Cut The bullshit out of your routine. Alright, cut it out. With New Suave men deodorants, they're available at retailers and nationwide.


As athletes, we value quality sleep and recovery, which is why we love our next sponsor. Sleep Number. Sleep Number in the NFL have been partnering since 2018 to bring quality sleep to elite athletes. And why 80% of the Kansas City Chiefs players have a Sleep Number bed Sleep Number. Smart Beds are the best beds for couples because you can individualize each side. That's right. Elevating legs your head or adjusting firmness Sleep Number is tailored just for you. And Sleep number Smart Beds also show your sleep quality every morning in the Sleep Number app. And If You struggle with sleeping too hot Sleep Number has the right temperature solutions for your best night sleep. If You're in the market for a new bed, make sure you stop at a Sleep Number store and check them out.


I I wanna hear about Second City in, in Vegas, man. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. How did you, how did you end up going into Second City? Did you always know after like your hoop dreams and everything? Was it it Was really kind of nuts. I went, I went from, there's a thing in Kansas City called Ca Comedy Sports. Have you heard of that at all? No. It's, yeah, it, it, it, it's, it's still around and it's basically like short form improv, kinda like that TV show who lines it anyway. Yeah. So that's something you would go to after homecoming. You know, you'd go to the dance and then, and again, not, not drinking, we'd go see comedy sports 'cause it was a family show and like there was no swearing or anything like that. Yeah. So I did that in KC for a while. Started like, took classes, like got junior year and of high school and then senior year. And then I was playing basketball, like I said, down at this Fort Scott community college.


And I was driving home every weekend to go watch shows or do shows and, and, and my, so my cross fade between, from sports to comedy was comedy, sports, this thing called Comedy court. That's cool. Which is pretty great. Yeah. You know, and so it was, it was that and all this, all the silliness that you do as a kid that gets you in trouble in class that gets you have you run suicides in practice. Right. We're now being applauded and lauded. You know, I, okay, this is, this is, this is, this is good. This is good. And it was improv, so there was no homework. You didn't have to memorize it. Right. He was like, it's the best art form for, for talented lazy people, which I still aim to be both talented, lazy. I got down and so then it was like, okay, well what, what, where do you go from here?


And it was like, well, you moved to Chicago. And so me and a couple buddies from from comedy sports, we, we moved to Chicago and we did that for three years. Like basically from 97 to the second threepeat for the, for the, for the Bulls was such a good year. 97, 98 to live in Chicago. It had to be insane. Its incredible. It was incredible. You know, and you're around that and you're, you're again, you know, just eating like hell and, and you know, taking $5, finding the ATM that allows you to take $5 out, which was right down the street from Wrigleyville Oh gosh. Or Wrigley Field. So I could go to Taco Bell around the corner. That's all you can afford. Oh gosh. And, and you just figure those little, those little life hacks out. And then while there, I auditioned for a couple things. One of which was a theater company.


An improv show. Theater show in Amsterdam called Boom Chicago. So then I ended up going over there for a few months and while there, this is in 2002nd, city's like, Hey, we're gonna open up a second city in Las Vegas. Would you wanna do that? I was like, sure. I was like, great, how long, you know, people are doing three month contracts, six month contracts. I was like, I'll do a six month contract, you know, I'll be able to come home. I won't have to work a temp job or something like that, Man. Yeah. I can only imagine signing up for a gig for six months in Vegas. It was, it, it wasn't like, didn't do a lot of extracurriculars that can make your time in Vegas much more dangerous. Right. You know, or short or short lived. Yeah. And so yeah, li lived there, did that, ended up staying two years, nine months. And it was, it was, it was graduate school.


Like we did so many shows all that, like Malcolm Gladwell theory of 10,000 Hours, that's where it was. And you had to like earn it from the audience. Audiences u you know, there they're used to seeing like headliners, like, you know, gosh, Siegfried And Roy Siegfried Andro Or Celine Dion, the actual like, you know, huge, huge stars. And here we are trying to do like sketch and improv with and, and right outside the window, like it would be only these drapes, you know, type of things would, would be keeping the sound of people screaming for either winning or losing. Yeah. Or just the sound of slot machines. Oh wow. And like, and we were doing shows early on, you know, for like seven people. It was horrible. I mean, it was hard. It wasn't horrible. It was just hard because it's still like what we all love doing for a living. And we, yeah. We, we Did you Catch yourself ever trying to like market it while you were there or?


We tried. Yeah. I mean they, you know, second City eventually, you know, started doing that and we started doing all these really interesting grassroots kind of marketing where we just invited all the cab drivers. Nice. And so, and they could come for free so that when they would pick people up at McCarran, they'd be like, you know what show you should go see that. We went to go see, you know, because the strip clubs had it down where it's like, brilliant. They get a little kickback when they free didn't us, we didn't have, we didn't have no, we didn't have that, that access or, or any of the similar show elements. And so yeah. So, So we, we literally reached out to them like that. And then yeah. At some point SNL asked, You know, I got asked if I wanna audition for SNL and sent in a tape and then, then moved away for, to New York from from Vegas. You Brought up the 10,000 hours of prac, like essentially practicing over and over again.


Do you, how do you practice improv? That's one thing that's never made. Like when you practice music, you're practicing the exact same thing that you're gonna play in the show. Yeah. Improv. You don't know what you're about to do. So how do you prepare and practice to get better at that? Well, I mean there's some things like with, with sports, you know, you, you working on your ball handling, you're working on your shooting form. Sure. And then you're improvising the rest of the thing. Yeah. You're setting up plays. But if you're running like a motion offense or, or some of the plays that Travis likes to play, talk to, You know, I think you just prepare, you know, it's about getting comfortable on stage. Sure. Getting comfortable with the people. I mean, there's rules, but you don't really need to follow the rules. I think the rules are there just to give you like, like, you know, some guidance. Some guidelines. Yeah, exactly. But it's not o obviously not, so it's Not complete chaos.


No, no, no. Not exactly. But and then at the end of the day, it's just like getting better at being yourself, getting better at, at listening. Yeah. You know, and, and, and to not get in the way of yourself or try to do too much. It's like a little bit like just a little bit stage savvy, a little bit like, you know, like court presence, you know? Yeah. Like where you just, where you can just, you feel at ease regardless of, of the chaos that you're about to, and, and the, the unknowingness that you're about to, you know, for sure dive into. So The, the entire time in Vegas, like doing Second City though, you were going to the sports books on Sundays, betting on the Chiefs is what you, and you were just making sure like you didn't dabble on the chin, the slots and the table so much easier. Now the kids now with their apps, they just have to go on the app.


We had to go to a sports book and deal with old grizzled men with cigarettes, with ashes. As long as like, you know, their fingers. No, I, it was different. It's different. Different than we earned it. It was a dark thing back then. I barely Gamble. Now. We put in, now we now it's okay. Yeah. Come on. Let let Pete Rose be. That's Right. That's right. I, I'm with you. I was like, sta all, I Barely, I I think I gambled $500 in the three years I was there. No, and and it was only on blackjack. Maybe maybe I, maybe I put some money on the, the Jay Hawks, you know, for some Final Four Or something like that. Okay. May maybe at the beginning of the season. Just, just because someone else did it. And I was like, I'll do that. That sounds fun. But yeah, for the most part, I, yeah, I, one time my roommate Mike had a buddy come stay with us and come to find out what I know now.


'cause people know this world. He was on a card counting team and so Oh yeah. It was like one of those guys, like that those movies are about, and he was practicing basic strategy and he sort of explained to me all what was going on and I just found it fascinating. And he had like a computer program that, you know, so you could just run through all the stuff you can do on your apps now. Sure. When you wanna train basic strategy. Yeah. I remember we, we weren't allowed to drop him off at the Safe House. We had to drop him off at a corner. It was like a Durango and Twain. I remember it because it always sounded like, like a badass, like eighties cops movie. Like go in cash, like Durango and Twain. And, and then he had to walk to this place where when he explained it to us it was, it sounded like fight club. Yeah. It was like a bunch of bunk beds and then a bunch of dudes just practicing all day grinding.


'cause they're just trying to get a little, like 1% over the house for sure. To make these giant bets. And it was like, it's crazy. But that was like, you know, Vegas had like that kind of shit going on where, and we're just trying to like, you know, do Improv and there's this whole other side. It's the most transient place I've ever lived. People would, would, would come in, you'd see 'em at the pool, they'd have some idea for a new slot machine handle. And then like, they had just moved in and then two weeks later they're gone. You never see 'em again. Oh gosh. It was very, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was fascinating. And, you know Yeah. People, we lived in corporate housing right off of Flamingo and Coval. Coval and Flamingo and Coval. Right. Which I found out a year into living there. It's right where Tupac was allegedly shot.


Oh wow. Oh Wow. But yeah, like It got a little intense. Got Intense every time we walked past it. Oh yeah. When, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well it's all cleaned up now. It, but our, we used to have, we all bought razor scooters. You remember the Oh Hell yeah. Backside of Flamingo, the hotel. We're talking about razor scooters Right now. Oh, sorry about that. Exactly. But there was that street, there was a street, I forget what it was. You know, it wasn't Flamingo, but it was, it was one, was it west of it? Yeah. Or east of it. And we would ride our, our, our little, we'd unfold our thing and Hault There because these are All, it was filled with degenerate gamblers and attics and it was heavy duty. And we'd sneak in the back way of the, to the flamingo walk, you know, folded up, walk in through the, the swimming pool area and then, then sneak right in.


Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. That's awesome. The flamingo was there. Was, was there ever an end goal in mind? No. No. Yeah. I, No, you were just enjoying doing what you're doing. Yeah, I mean, I, No, I mean, the end goal at that point would've been 100% because we were being produced outta Chicago and Chicago's like the homeland for, for Second City. Right. That's where it started back in 1959 would've been to do one of the resident stages there. So that would've been, I was doing a resident stage, but it was in Las Vegas. But to do either the ETC or the main stage. So to go back and, and, you know, to, to do as good of a job as you can where you're doing your thing and then have them say, Hey, we want you to come back and do a show in Chicago, would've been, would've been the, the end goal. Wow. Right in front of I made it back. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. And you, you used to go to the Second City shows in Chicago All the time.


Yeah. So did you ever see the legends? Oh, pull up or, yeah. Yeah. I mean, like when I first moved to Chicago in September of 97, you know, Tina Faye was still, was still on stage. Rachel Dratch was on stage. Horatio Sands was in the ETC. I mean, I saw like, like, I mean all those guys Tina had was just, just getting, was just gonna get hired to go right on SNL. But yeah, so cool. You know, but, but, but we used to go every Christmas we would go back to Chicago like Christmas for, for, you know, with, with my grandma on the south side and like all my, my mom's side of the family, tons of, tons of cousins and whatnot. And then like a lot of Junes too for like, when kids started graduating from like Catholic school and whatnot.


And I would always ask to go to Second City and we'd go up there. So I saw, I definitely saw Colbert and Corll back in the day and Amy Sari. And you just didn't have 'em faint memories. 'cause you, you didn't know who any of 'em were. You Didn't know who you were watching at the time? Not, Not yet, no. That's so cool. I remember seeing like, second City touring company came through and they performed at, I forget the name of the theater down, it's down in Crown Center. But they came and performed and I saw a guy that, his name was John Farley and he was, and he was doing a scene that his brother Chris had done. And John's incredible, you know, that whole family's hilarious. Yeah, yeah. And, and I was just like, oh my God, that's gotta be Chris's brother. You know? And, and because he was playing like a character that his brother created at Second City and he was doing the tour company. So that Yeah. It's, it's great.


I mean I still love going back there. It's super fun. It's, it's a great show. And like I said, family show, but that's where I took classes, you know, just, just like over a summer. It was like six weeks. And, you know, one of my, my first improv teacher is a fellow named Corey Rit Master, who's a Kansas City dude. And, you know, we still, we talk, I talk to him more than family 'cause we play Fortnite together. Nice. Still. Yeah, we're still, we still In, we're still in touch. You building it up. Un touch like, I mean, you know, like, you know, taking on 98 other people on this island, I mean, I don't, I don't wanna get into it too specific, but, you know, playing brother Playing As Billy Eilish, you know, So good. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Just bang. Well you went from Vegas straight to SNL. Yeah. Yeah. And you were at SNL for nine years?


10. 10, yeah. Yeah. I wrote for the first two years. Okay. You know, which was awesome and scary because I, You know, I hadd only at that point really kind of realized how to write for myself. Now I'm being asked to write for other people. But I, I then got to learn the show, learn, learn the staff, learn, learn the, the script format. Like it, it felt like, you know, to speak to, you know, athletes. Like it felt like being redshirted, you know? And, and sure. And, and yet it also felt it was scary, but it also felt a little bit like I didn't get the job that I was hoping to get, but, but I got a, a job that, that allowed for so much more than I ever would've realized. And I got to, I I I, I started out hot. I got like, you know, a couple sketches on right off the bat, you know, writing four people, writing with other people.


And then I just went blank for, for months. But I really, really loved the rewrite table. And that's when you're like sitting around talking with the other writers other ca excuse me, other cast members and you're just hyping up their material. Sure, sure. And so there's this whole theory in, in philosophy and SNL excuse me, of in improv called Yes. And yeah, there's, you know, you're supporting the idea and then you're adding to it and that's just a form of rewriting. So all those 10,000 hours of doing this thing of just your brain's just sort of clued into it. Yeah. And then the other thing that's really neat, and it's one of the things I always speak about in relation to team sports, you know, which is just a direct correlation for me to the ensemble arts, you know, is just those time of being with your friends, with your teammates in the locker room on the bus and joking around and, and having different friends with different sensibilities and different sense of humors and be able to joke around with any of them.


Oh yeah. Then you're do then they get paid for it at SNL Yeah. Is like doing, it's, I was literally doing the same thing that I was doing with my friends, you know, back in high school, like after a win or a loss, you know, driving from, you know, Lawrence, Kansas getting, getting our ass kicked by them and then driving back to Overland Park and that's, that's 30 minutes of hell. Or I would say that's 10 minutes of hell and then the last 20 minutes some fun. Yeah, exactly. It was just, it was just silliness. I would say Easily, the thing I miss most about being the playing football is being in the locker room Yeah. And being around the guys. Yeah. And like that camaraderie for sure. Yeah. So yeah, it's definitely Could relate to it. And even to add on to that, growing up in the, how many sports we played, how many different, like playing hockey, playing baseball, like the hockey guys are completely different than the football guys that are completely different than the basketball guys or even the lacrosse guys.


Like, it's like the wrestlers Of the, that's the how do, what do you Nutcase? Yeah, I Didn't do it. I was out once I saw Jason's pimple on his forehead pop on someone else's face wrestling in middle school. I was like, yeah, no, I'm good. I'm wrestling, I'm the weight, the yo-yo weight. I still remember getting pinned one time in like Kurt seven. No, this was my seventh grade year. So I was, I was wrestling somebody older. Oh, okay. And just hit the guy had his armpit in my face. Yeah. Yeah. And the ency of this guy's armpit will forever be embedded in my like school. Like, I was just like, man, this is, this is fucking gross shit. Remember what school puberty remember dealing with? You remember what school was? Yeah. Not discovered deodorant yet.


Yeah, he needed What school was it? Remember the School? This was actually a teammate. I didn't want say. Okay, there you go. We were sparring. Yeah. Yep. Dang, we'll leave it at that. No. Ended up being a initial Football player. No, I would say the only other athletes that, that It's a good teammate right there. Yeah, that's right. It's a good teammate. Like when, when I was at Fort Scott, we shared our gym with the rodeo team. Like there was a like, whoa. The field house was half, That's the shit. You don't get up in Cleveland, Ohio. No. You don't get a rodeo team was, I Mean it was nuts. And these dudes were the skinniest like flattest butts dudes you've ever seen in your life. And they would, they were so tough. We'd be in there, like with the trainer, like how I jam my finger.


They'd come in, they just got the rib punctured by like a bull's horn and they're just like, tape it up so I can get back in there. And we're just like, okay, I crazy. You Go through the laundry list of some of these rodeo professionals, the injury list of that is much bigger than NFL player. Absolutely. No, it's, it was those, those guys, those men and women are so tough. And so like, I'll tell you What man, they, some of them started wearing hockey helmets. Yeah. I put on a hockey helmet before. Yeah. That shit ain't stopping nothing. No dude, Are you kidding Me? It's gonna hurt still. You gotta put on everything. Yeah. No, the the bulls. The bulls. That's just another target for them. They want. So back back to the, did you enjoy, so did you enjoy writing more or performing more or do you enjoy writing or performing more or are they, they're both pretty fun, two different sides of the same going Kinda thing.


Yeah, I mean they're pretty fun. It's, it's, it's both are fun. I mean, a hundred percent objectively writing is, is more difficult. Like it's just, it's just, it's exhausting. Like, you know, we're in the writing process now and it's just, it like I know it's not farming, I know it's not digging ditches. I know it's not teaching math to kids that don't wanna be there. I I I know that. Yeah. Very well. And yet it is, it, I it is, it's so hard. Sure. 'cause you're just in your head the whole time and you're just actively thinking and actively listening and it's just a lot. And, and yet when it flows, it's, it's really, really fun. And, and, and there is something just fun about, I dunno, talking to yourself and then typing it out and, and having, feeling a little bit like you have control over the universe, which I, we have no control over.


There is, there is a, there is a little bit of that wish fulfillment. Yeah. But I love rewriting. I love, I love seeing something in someone and, and, and, and trying to like, you know, bring that out of them and, and encourage them to access it for themselves. Like that's, that's, that's a, a fun thing to do. But performing, performing, performing is great. I mean, it it is, it's, it's, it's hard in a different way, but it's, it's, you know, it's mostly you. Yeah. Writing, writing something else. The, there's nothing more daunting than a blank page. Yeah. It's just, it's so scary. I don't even know where you start. Me neither. Me neither. And I've done it for, For years. I don't think I'm good at it. You Guys already, it's two steps ahead of me.


I can't even read or write. So it's Like I don I like, oh man, I see a blank page. I'm like, that thing's probably gonna stay blank. It's like, I can read that. Yeah, no, I got that. I can imagine everything actually. Endless possibilities right there. I was. I I did, I started getting more stuff on the show when I was able to write it and act in it. That, that, that was that. Got it. That was one of one of those things. So you, you feel more comfortable writing For yourself at At at that time? At least at that point. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Because then you just know how, what you Can wanna put on that. I can imagine this probably. Yeah. That has to be kind of a lot of people's sweet spot, right? Yeah. It has that can do both at at least, You know, I Yeah, Yeah. And I had such a badass generation, my SNL generation. I like, I'm, I'm so like what a blessing to, to come in with with, with that group of men and women both be both behind the scenes in front of the camera.


Like it was something else. And so like our, our our, our cast could write their buns off. Like Yeah. I mean, it, it was neat. Like, and so everybody, it was scary though too. 'cause you're kind of like, shit, you're all just jockeying for 30 minutes of ti air time. You know, between, you know, when a host comes in and you gotta, you know, you gotta share it with the, the song. You gotta share it with update, you gotta share it with commercials, obviously. That's why it's there. And then you're just, and it's the funniest people. It's Never thought About that. It's really just about 30 minutes If that. It may be 27. It may, but I mean, it's, it's, it's nuts when you really, really think about it. And then on Tuesday night when, when they're all writing and they're laughing, you know, when I'm, I, my, me and I was office mates with Bill Hader the first five years, and then there you, Mike O'Brien, the second five years.


And our, my office was right next to a fellow named James Anderson, who's one of the, one of the best writers at, at SNL in SNL history. And he wrote a lot with, with Kristen Wig. Okay. And when I'd hear those two laugh, and, and then sometimes Paula Lapell would be in that office too. 'cause James and Paula were, were dear old friends. And just There was a banger Cook. You were just like, yeah. You were just like, oh, no, What are they cooked on now? What's every little girl gonna be dressing up for her next Halloween? Like, it was like, just like what iconic, You know, silhouette is she gonna create and what voice you're gonna put it to. And Yeah. It's, it's just, it's something else. Yeah. Did you, did you have like, that goat in the acting world that you like, looked up to, that you aspire to be? Or, or even somebody at SNL where you were like, oh shit, I'm in, I'm finally in the same room as Oh, For sure.


I mean, there were people like that. I mean, like, Tina was such a, Tina was someone that I loved watching like her, and she did, she, she did a lot of scenes with a fellow named Scott Att, who's one of my all time favorite performers. They were like, like Second City legends. And, and he ended up playing Pete Hornberger on 30 Rock too. And he's still, like, when I watch him perform, he just knocks me out. I just think he's such a great actor. He's funny as well, but he is just really good actor. And, and he was really great at pantomime, which, you know, you do a lot at Second City 'cause so you don't have all the props and all that stuff. I'm gonna Need you to tell me what pantomime is real quick. Like, just miming. Just miming. Just, just my, yeah. So like, yeah, If you like just, you know, brushing your teeth and all that, all That kind stuff. But he could, he Could, there's a scene that he does where he's running up a, a a, a stairwell like, like a stairwell like this.


And it's just, it, it looks like there's a stairwell there. And it just looks like a magic trick. You're like, there's nothing there. How the hell did he just do This? Just incredible. Or being or chasing a car, you know? And he just would just, it was just, yeah. He's just incredible. That's awesome. And, and he would make it all look so believable, but it was also very funny because he is making something outta nothing at the same time. But him and Tina would just do these really, really clever, really smart scenes. And so that was like, you know, so to, to be, to have Tina Faye be like a hero. Then she becomes an icon, then she becomes like a MENTOS. Then she becomes, you know, a, a friend. And then like, that's like, that's one of those weird journeys. Cool. That, that still knocks me out. That's awesome. But anytime anybody came back, like, when, when Will Ferrell came back to host or to work with Tom Hanks, like those are the people that, that I loved and, you know.


Yeah. And it was like, but growing up, yeah. It was all, it was, You know, I was so lucky. We just re just rewatched at work. We just re-watched Hoosiers, you know, because of Oh yeah. The Gene Hackman passing and, and like that was someone that, that It's the greatest sports movie ever. It's amazing. It's so good. It still holds up. Yeah. It's still good Old statement, but I loved it. Yeah. Yeah. It Was that, it was a bold statement. You said great sports Statement. What you gonna put about Ho what we, we were talking about Miracle last week and that was a fucking Miracle's. Great. That happened. Like, who? Well, I guess who, no, but I mean, that's fair enough. I'm not going like, I Fight it. Exactly. There's Bold statements trying to, I'm trying to think if there's better. There's Like other comedy movies that I like. Durham was Great. Major league. I love Water Boy Major League.


Yep. Major League. Yeah. Yeah. Angels in the Outfield. Yeah. Baseball, Sandlot, Sandlot. Sandlot Sandlot is Sand. No. Is so good. So Good. Still holds up. But yeah, getting to work with like, when, when you meet, you know, those, those guys like, you know, like to me Tom Hanks, that's like, that's like you shaking hands. Statue of Liberty. So I had the pleasure of just, he was, I always forget the Halloween character he does on SNL. Oh, David Pumpkins, David Pumpkin. I don't know why I always, I never like associate him with the name David. I don't know why I never do that. He was getting ready to do that skit like three Halloweens ago when Jack Harlow was posting it.


And I, I snuck up behind him. I was like, is that the man with one red shoe? And he was just like, what? Who? The, yeah. Who's of all's. Absolutely. That was like the first one I ever remembered. Had Hs. They had an opening scene. We on the bike. It's blowing my mind as a kid. I like hundred Percent. I remember exactly that. I Like this the most skilled human being I've ever seen in my life. Love that dude. He always had little tricks like that in his movies. He was always doing a little fun things like that. Michael Keaton is another one that I've got to meet over the years and 'cause 'cause for years I was, I was kinda like, I was like, I love, I love Bill Murray and I love Tom Hanks. Like, but they're so different. It's like, and then like Michael Kean is like my favorite parts of, of, of both, of both those guys.


Oh, interesting. I mean, all three men are, are like iconic in their own ways, but like, yeah. It's just been, yeah, that's one of those places where you just can't believe you're mean that, and then, you know, then you get to then, then Paul McCartney's there too. Every now and then. There You go. Yeah. Well, speaking of Paul, you were talking about Will Yeah. SN L 50 man. Yeah. How awesome was that? That happened, what, like two weeks ago? Was it Two weeks ago? Yeah. It took me at that literally a week to recover. It looked like an entire award show. Yeah. Like the, the amount of people that showed up, like, I don't know if, I know they kind of do it every like 10 years. But Yeah, 40 didn't look like that. Like, no, I mean, it was, it was something else. And it was cool for me, the difference between 40 and 50 was I, we had just left, like, our generation had just left after the 40th. Like, like Andy and Kristen had left in, in maybe 2012.


And then I then me, Fred and Bill left in 2013. Seth left in 2014. So our generation had just really left. So it kind of felt like we were the freshmen coming back to homecoming, like the college freshman coming back to, you know, senior year homecoming. And now we're 10 years in, You know, I got a couple kids, you know, like, you know, it's neat having something that, that you've made that's, you know, people responded to like Ted Lasso. So now you're just kind of baked in. And I think, I think the generation after us too, with like Vanessa Baron and Tarn Killam and Kate McKinnon, like that generation probably felt a little more baked in too. Yeah. And they, because they were def they were on the show at, at the time of the 40th. And so yeah, it was just, it was great. It was like, it was just neat and love. I mean, absolutely. It, it's, I enjoyed every second of watching that thing, man.


Yeah, same. You got to be in the, the skit, the jail skit thing. Oh. Scared straight. Ski. Straight straight. I, the one, I took a photo of the, you know, goodnights when you're saying goodbye there at the end of Will Ferrell and, and Eddie Murphy, like saying hi to each other. And those are my two favorites from The show. Like, You know, that's great. And they're just saying hi to each other at, at this is at the 40th and then 10 years later to be in a sketch with them is like, so is nuts. No, it, it's great. And, and my kids came to watch rehearsal on Saturday. They just came to watch the big New York musical that we did. Yeah. Where Forte and Are doing and, and Wig are doing the, the songs from Les m and they're sitting there and then we're getting ready to leave, hop on the train, go back home. And Jenna, stage manager, Jenna, If you remember Yep.


She, she's like, she's like, Paul McCartney Paul ready for sound check. I was like, oh, Paul McCartney's Good. We're gonna stick here for a little bit. Yeah. Needs to watch this. Sorry guys. And That, I mean, when they say don't meet your heroes, they are not talking about Paul McCartney. That guy is a great person to meet. He's just the, he loves being Paul McCartney. He is The coolest dude in any generation in any room. He is just the coolest guy. Right. He, he Accepts the, the responsibility. Yeah. Like he's, he is like, I've been given this gift. I am, I I have been put into this Paul McCart, he is that soul in a Paul McCartney vessel. And he is like, what do you need? I mean, just having him and my sister were talking about Let it be like the song.


And he, and he's responding to her as if he's never told the story before. Yeah. That no one's ever asked him before. Yeah. And he is so present, dude. Like it's the greatest. It's amazing. That's awesome. And then everybody throughout the, throughout the day are just, every now and then when you see, see Paul up on stage at like, at every point someone's looking on their phone looking, how old is he? It's like, this guy's got this guy's, he's been, he's got more in the more in the tank than I did at one point. I was like, I was exhausted. He's like 82, almost 83 still strong, strong. And it's just, yeah. It's like, oh, that's so Cool. Do you have a favorite sketch from your time at SNL? Ooh, I had another one of those questions. Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. I, I would say during my time, my fa and I've answered this before because, but it's the truth, it was my favorite to, to do was what up with that?


Okay. Because it was a big cast sketch. It also was one that people started getting really excited about and we would normally do it after a weekend update that became its slot. And so they, they, You know, I mean, you know, you do, you win where I when you hosted everything. Yeah. Yeah. So like, like the, how That taste Incredible. Like what happens in the commercial breaks, like what that crew, what those men and women do, it's insane. It's absolutely crazy in that amount of time with that amount of intensity and taking things down and putting them up. So when, when they whip that giant ass Weekend update desk and they bring it right down the center pipe there, and they, and they, they're taking down the, the thing, then they start putting together the the what up at that set? Yeah. The crowd would just start getting like, oh Shit. And all of us are in it.


So we all know our function, we all know our role. Everybody gets like a little highlight little spot here and there. We'd always ha we eventually started getting like insane, like, like cameos, you know, whether it be Robin Williams or Robert De Niro or, or just someone, or Samuel L. Jackson. Like someone who's not gonna say anything is only there to be in this jet, you know, and, and then wave goodnight and then come to the after party. Like, it, it was, that was just so fun. That was like, that was one of that out of the recurring ones. I loved Wig and I, in our first few years together, did these characters called the Two A-Holes, which is really fun. Where it was like a, you know, a guy, like a guy, you know, chewing gum and his girlfriend kind of like, you know, like playing with her hair and chewing gum and they were just, those were, those were a blast to, to do and write and, and people, it was definitely a type, an archetype that people saw in the, in the real world.


Sure. Yeah. It still exist. They're still out there, there doing well. Yeah. Then like a few of my personal favorites that like, I was involved in like Forte and I had a lot of fun things. We did a sketch called Potato Chip that very first time we did was with Taylor when she hosted Nice. It, but it didn't, it didn't, it didn't make it cut a young Taylor too. A young Taylor. Yeah. Yeah. And, but it didn't make it to air. We ended up doing it with Blake Lively. She ended up getting it, getting it over the hump for us. And they played it so differently, which, which is one of those neat things. And it was like, it's the silliest sketch in the world. It's worth looking up. It's, you know, called Potato Chip. And then Forte, I would do these ESPN announcers, like were for women's sports, where it was basically us like trying to sell, it was us, you know, doing like, like lawn darts or, or billiards.


But then we would also be trying to sell a, everything was sponsored by like massengill, you know, like, like I'm trying, I would do these like crazy rhymes. Like when, you know, when when you're over, when you're, what is it like your, when your uterine lining looks like the elevator from the shining Pads And it's just like, it Was so ridiculous. Oh my gosh. And it's like, but people loved us. People loved him. And I remember we got to do, they put together a couple of years while we were still at the Show where it's like all the different sports sketches, you know, from like when Joe Montana or, or, or you know, Peyton had hosted at that point, or Michael Jordan or whatever.


And we got to do the bumpers. And So we would, we filmed all these live in front of an like, just 30 minutes before an actual live show. And we got to do these things and we did 'em as, as these characters. And we had so many of those like crazy rhyming things that I can't remember of 'em now. But they're all just, you know, more like standards and practices. The sensors were more and more nervous with each one. And that when you walk that tightrope on that show, that's, that's such a fun thing to hell to do. Absolutely. Even though it drove Betsy Torres our standard shout shut Ups. Was there ever a sketch that you, you just knew was gonna crush it and it just never caught the, the air, like ever got the green light? It's a good, one of the nice things that you learn there is that, that nobody knows shit.


Like you don't know, you never know. You can have so much. I mean, you sort of do like, I mean, I remember when we were all in, in the studio and Lazy Sunday was playing and that Jack Black host and that was a, that was like a great, a great episode for, for the show and for the, and for our generation and just for earth and at large. I remember when that was playing, whereas was the seeing it at dress being like, oh, this is gonna crush. Yeah, but you but that's like a pre-AP piece and, and, and, and iconic in a, in a way that is that very few things are. But I would say no. 'cause it's almost like you don't wanna spook the muses either. You don't, you don't. There that was always a fun thing that they would like those, these little bit of superstitions that you were, don't call home and say your sketches making it.


Don't text your friends. 'cause it'll end up getting cut. Don't say that You're gonna show up in that sketch 'cause you'll part will get up. Cut. Yeah. And, and that happened more often than not. So at some point you're never like typing, being like, oh, this is gonna kill, This is the best I could. IIII even if, even if I ever did, I don't know if I'd ever even say it out loud or, or would it get from my brain Yeah. To my mouth. Like some, something would stop inside my soul would go Don't you say that shit. Yeah. Don't you dare, Dare. That's good. Yeah. But nothing that comes up I can think of maybe. Yeah. Nah, nothing.


Thank you to our partner MENTOS Gum. We did It. Yeah. Life's got its mundane moments. The morning commute, the endless calls the same playlist I repeat, but what If you could shake things up with just one small move, Guys, that's where MENTOS Gum comes in. That first burst of freshness. It's like hitting the fresh button to make ordinary moments fun. Suddenly you're not just sitting in traffic, you're jamming out to your own private concert. Now, Right now the back to back meeting marathon. Now your mind is zooming and grooving with fresh ideas From the crisp Kick of Fresh min to Fruity Strawberry. Each piece is refreshing with possibility. Refresh every day with MENTOS gum. All righty. Thank you to our partner MENTOS Gum. You ever feel like you are just going through the same motions day after day? Yeah. We've all been there staring at, you know, brake lights and traffic or stuck in a long meeting. Not anymore with MENTOS gum. Listen up. This isn't just regular gum. We're talking about a whole vibe. Refresh. Think of it as your personal reset, bud. One piece. And suddenly that traffic jam becomes your private concert venue. That's right. That meeting that should have been an email. Well, it turns out into a fool on Fiesta. Oh nice. From flavors like Fresh Mint to bold strawberry MENTOS gum transforms ordinary moments into fresh possibilities. Whether You wanna switch up your route home or keep your mind fresh in a meeting, refresh the everyday with MENTOS gum. You know, I've been a fan of the MENTOS since the fresh Maker era in the nineties. Manco betters man Fresh goes with Man the full of life. I'm way off. That was way flat. That was perfect. That was all we needed though. That's exactly what it was. Thank You. Fresh and full Of life. I don't think I'm getting this fresh goes p with Mantles Fresh and full of life. There you go. That was beautiful. I'll, I'll take it down A key. Alright. Yes. To Fresh with MENTOS Gum.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career? Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown scs the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


I let the, the Ted lasso like characters live on through every day in practice as I scream football his life. Man. Yes you did. I fuck. I still say it, dude. I love it. And I already announced that I'm coming back, but Chiefs fans. Yeah, you have always been right there Every single time towards the end of the seasons in the locker rooms on the field, having fun with this man. When did your chiefs like Phantom really build up? I mean, My line for years because I, you know, growing up in Kansas City it was, it was Royal's chiefs, you know, some dalliances with the, you know, the Kansas City comets and the indoor soccer days Yeah. Growing up. But like my line for years Awesome jerseys indeed. My, for years when people, especially at SNL when like the crew guys would, you know, like Giants fans and Jets fans were like, you like the Chiefs.


And when we weren't, you know, we weren't doing as well, it was like, I it was like, you love the Chiefs. I was like, no, but I love a lot of people that do. And that was the sincere truth. It's like my family I'd gone to prior to the last three, four years, but like, probably I think one actual chief's game at, at Arrowhead, you know, for, for us we were a basketball team, you know, basketball family. So I would go to, you know, more, I would spend more time on Hugg going to KU or the Big Eight Tournament, big 12 Tournament, all that stuff. But then with, you know, having kids, you know, obviously the success of the team, you know, getting to know you and, and, and Patrick, you know, through Big Slick and the charity stuff we do back home, like, then it becomes like this personal thing. And then what's even more fun is when getting to play this fake coach.


And then you have real coaches that, and real organizations that, that, that give you this beautiful treatment. We get to bring my good friends. Who are those people that do love the Chiefs? Like my friend Terry. Yeah. And his kids who you've met, you know, my friend Billy and his children that you, you guys, you know, have been so kind to and like, and, and the hunts Let, let me, let me roll deep. I like where it's like, can I bring him plus 12? They're like, yeah. I Like, oh my gosh. I like Well, that's perfect. Exactly. Yeah. And it's just been, it's just been a joy to watch and it's just, it's just, you know, so now yeah, now Otis and Daisy, you know, we're, we're, we're, you know, we watching, you know, every week and watching, you know, you know, we watched. Yeah. Sorry about Yeah. That's all right.


That's, it's a better story. I laugh about it now, but it hurts inside still. Of course. It's Like, 'cause it matters to you. I blame Jason. He had the voodoo doll next one the entire time. Sorry. Did I did That did not work out well. I Gotta voodoo doll back on Backfire on Bourbon Street. Oh, no kidding. Was trying to like get Travis's hands warm in the middle of the game with the Voodoo doll. It was not, it was, it Backfired Ice cold. That's, that's my hands were ice cold. It might've been a du v. Yeah. Dooo. It was more dooo Than Voodoo Dooo do. Oh. We'll be back better than never. We got this, we got, So that's, that's that's the, that's the story I got bro. You you dropped down one then, then you come back and then you come back for one shining moment. There we go. You know, that's, that's, that's the story I'd write. You know, You can't just be winning all the time, Travis.


That's what I mean, Travis. That's not interesting at all. Yeah. Nobody wants to watch five Super Bowls that you guys win. It fooled me 'cause I definitely thought It would be kind of fun. It'd be pretty amazing. It'd be pretty cool. I know there's No way to re like I only deal with this in the fake make believe world, and I'm sitting between guys who have actually done it and then one who just went through the hardest part of it. And it feels very surreal Right now. I don't know how to joke about it with you. I dunno, dude. I mean, it was so long ago. Like, I, it was, I don't even, I you a gold I am really good at, I'm really good at just, you know, cutting off my memory. Yeah, yeah. But are there, are there other dudes that are holding onto it that are still like people, people still in a cave?


It's it's Still in there. You hold onto a it still in there. Yeah. I would imagine. I still remember the one I lost and like, I like one play. I could have made a difficult Yeah. Well You only fucking lost one, Jason. Yeah. Well I lost to you two. So shut the I don't need your sob story Right now. See, this is what, this is what I'm talking about now. We're reaching new Heights, But you, you carry for some reason the law, the losses. Yeah. Especially that, that loss in that game is so you always carry on with it. I get that. You move on. You know what I mean? But yeah, just like anything, it's a joke about Everyth Lost, I mean, with third season three to the Bear. So it's kind, we're kind of the same. Yeah. That's some bullshit too. Well That's not the Kamal, let's not do that. I know you wanna play nice, but that is bullshit. That's that come You can't argue Art. Would you guys pay him? No. Come on.


How much money You Oh, you think they paid? Oh man, I hadn't heard that. I'm kidding. God. Can we cut that? You brought up Big Slick. I've never been to Big Slick, but I've heard a lot. I've seen a lot of that stuff. Stuff. Come on. Come. I do want to go. Come on to be a part of it or Dude, it That's, Yeah. What is Thunder Gong? Thunder Gong. Yeah. So what the heck is That? Okay, so well big like is to help Children's Mercy Hospital. Yeah, we do that. That's a whole unbelievable. It's a blast. Unbelievable. It's a blast. And last Year was three mill raised? I think so. Yeah. It Keeps going up by the mill at this point. I know. It should blows My mind. It's scary. It's like being one of those high school teams that's, you know, they're 114 and Oh, it's like, it's, I get so nervous and It's like the, the, the money is cool and all, but what you guys do actually going to the hospital the day before. Yeah, yeah. And actually like, being around the patients and everything.


It's, it's amazing. It's Lovely. Yeah. It really is. You guys such good support through, through the entire entertainment. Abso Yeah, absolutely. Industry and just the city turns out for it too. It's one of those neat things that we, you know, we started age ago. Yeah. Rob Riggle had this idea of saying, Hey, hey, what if we do this? And then he, he hooked me and Paul in Paul Rudd. And then we added, you know, ner a year later. Then we added Eric Stonestreet and now Heidi Gardner all from Kansas City, all from the surrounding area. Like it's really, really neat. And it's, and and so yeah, we have that, that that's every like, beginning usually in June. I think this year might be around May 31st, but around the beginning of, of, of June. And then Thunder Gong is a thing that me and my buddy Billy Brim will come started. He, he runs this nonprofit called Steps of Faith.


And we help buy like amputees new arms and legs. My line is we help people buy arms and legs so they don't cost an arm and a leg. Right. But yeah, I mean he, like a lot of people, It's funny, but It's clean. You put it on a business card, people are like, I love it. And that mean business. And we do that in November and yeah, we help raise, I mean, we get people that have lost their arm or leg that are uninsured. We get 'em back literally on their feet, you know, and, and working again and, and provide, you know, help with the, with the mental side of that too. And, and we work with these amazing prosthesis and, and and yeah. And, and, and physical therapists. And we can get, you can get a, we can get legs people for like 500 bucks.


So every time, you know, someone gives 500 bucks that gets someone back, Literally can walk Down. That's Yeah. Walk again. Yeah. And, and you know, Billy, you know, it comes about it honestly. 'cause he lost his, he's a drummer. He lost his, his left leg got it amputated right above the knee back in 2005, I wanna say. When he was a tour, a touring musician had no, had no insurance. And so then we put together a comedy like rock show, like fundraiser raised him, like raised like 50 grand back in Kansas City. This was after my first year, second year at SNL. We did some improv games, you know, his bands, a couple bands he was in played. And we raised all this money auction and some like cue cards that Tina Fey had signed and, and, and, and various things. And that got him a leg for, for that much money and Wow.


And he so cool. He felt so like, moved by it. He was like, a couple years later he was like, how do I do that for other people? And then Sure. And then, then this fellow was like, I have this foundation. Let Billy take it over. And then a couple years later he is like, Hey, why don't we do this? It's, it, it's a charity concerts. It's basically, you know, and we do some comedy too. But yeah, we, we've had amazing guests, you know, come through, you know, Ben Harper, you know, you know Winona Judd, you know, chance the rapper, Brandy Carlisle, you know, sent in videos for us. You know, foo Fires did a video for us a few, a couple years ago for the, for the one during Covid. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's amazing. And that's, that's one night the big SL is like a whole weekend. So it's like these two things, But yeah. And Kansas City shows up for all of 'em.


It's, it's, it's the We Sunday That's like Nova. It's the first Saturday of every November. Yeah. Got yeah. In the fall. Yeah. Try to keep 'em Yeah. So we're not double dipping. I don't want Sure. Yeah. You don't want, you got Your, you got your band geek over here. What do you play? Saxophone. Okay. Yeah. Well, I did, I haven't played saxophone in a long time. Now I mess around on guitar. But You gotta come and well come to Thunder Gong and do Baker Street. Oh dude, I would, you Would kill it. Like Whatever would, would or Yeah. Or some Doobie Brothers. Take the street. Little do Little Mike, me down. That's the, no. Billy and his wife Ali have this band called Summer Breeze. Have you ever seen them in kc? I Don't think I have. Yeah. I I should, I should I I'll make you aware of them. But they, they like, they play all the time, but, and they're the house band, so they do all, oh, that's all these yacht rock hits in Kansas City.


Oh heck yeah. But they can play everything. Like, I remember first time Fred Armon, who's a legit like great musician and, and, and all his life, you know, he just had the sn l 50th played with Divo and Insane, the B 50 twos. Insane. Insane. And I'm just like, which was so neat. I'm sitting there like, I Feel like I'm proud Papa. I asked him, I go, I go, I can't believe you got to play with Devo knowing that he loves Devo. He goes, the first show I ever saw at Radio City Music Hall as a teenager was Devo. No. And I like, and now you're up on stage. He goes, that's, So we just geek out like that kinda stuff all the time. Fucking awesome. But We geek out over the B 50 twos. Yeah. Yeah. B 50 twos come on. My mom had two CDs in her car. Yeah. Yani and a B 52 cd. I forgot. Love Shaq, dude.


So, God, to this day, if Love Shaq comes on, we're gonna be jamming to it. Oh, that's so Funny. And Yani, Yani, you can't Yani. Come on. She just had Yani to put us to sleep. She was just like, you guys are talking too. Honestly, I don't remember many of the songs. I just remember the, the photo of the album, the Hairs and violins. That's all I remember. It's A vibe. It's a Yani iss a vibe. Yeah, for sure. I love this man. Dude, I want to end, but we got one more. We got one more little part in here. Yeah. Yeah. Even though we haven't like, been going off this, Actually, if we're gonna do bad out this's not the Battery. I locked it and I don't know how to unlock it. So if Somebody complicated Amateur, we appreciate, there we go.


Hanging like this. Don't cut That off. Absolutely. No, this is, Oh gosh. We gotta ask. Yeah, you don't have to answer. Great. You can tell us the fuck off. Whatever You want. Amazing. It's always, it's sometimes just better answers. The fire section here. Yeah. Yeah. We already talked about you playing basketball. Yep. Talked about SNL and Host and stuff. Who's, who's better in their respective fields? Are you better as a basketball player or is LeBron better as an SNL host? Wow. You play, you both played, you played in the All-Star game with him. Yeah. Yeah. He played on SNL with you. Yeah. Look as an SNL host, he's a hell of a basketball player. Yeah. Brian.


No, I love that dude. I Mean, need the best. Listen To the test. We need you and LeBron one-on-one on the basketball court and then we need you one-on-one on the SNL stage. On stage improv stage is a sketch where, Like, we did a, a characters at Bill and I did a couple times where I play like a, a stage hand who is just kind of a dick to people. We did to Julie Louis Dreyfuss. We did it with Paul Rudd and we did it with LeBron. And I challenged him to one-on-one in the sketch and in rehearsal. In rehearsal I did, I did go by him and then went up and he didn't know I was gonna go do a reverse layup and I did score on him on an eight foot goal And he was actually trying to like, he was Oh yeah, he was Hundred foot. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He was definitely trying. LeBron James, He tries he can't turn that off.


Turn that off. No, it's, but, and it was funny because Don Roy King, who was, who was our, our director at the time, who I just saw at the 50th, came up and literally brought it up. He goes, he goes, If you ever need someone to, to like, you know, vouch for this. Vouch for this. I did. I know it happened. I like, I like Thank you. So here it is. I'm, I'm it, it, it kind of sucks to be the one telling the, the, this, you know, keeping this, this apocryphal story alive. Yeah. You know, I prefer to be someone else, but Well now you So be it. Well, us two knuckleheads. No, exactly. Keep spreading this. We'll spread it. We'll spread it. No, he was great. Get to catch some legs. He was, I mean, he went for it. I can't believe he hadn't come back to do it again. He was so good man. He was so good.


He was so good. I had The solid gold dancer. Come on. Come on now. It was great. The Perm and Maverick. Maverick Badass. I remember Maverick sitting at the host dinner on Tuesday. Now, you know, when you go out with Lauren and everything. Maverick sat next to Lauren and just was just grilling him the whole time. The whole time. And I was like, I remember sitting across from him, I was a child. Yeah. And in like a baby seed. But he was asking about, I didn't say anything to any Oh. It was like, it was Like, it was like, it was like you Michael Corleone talking to Don Corleone. It was like fantastic. I was like, I was like, LeBron is, I didn't, You know, I didn't know who he was at that point. I was like, LeBron's so lucky to have this dude. This guy's got, yeah. His buddy's back like big time and asking Lauren these questions and Lauren was so fascinated by, it was, it was great. It was just like watching, you know, an icon and an icon to be just kind of like, you know, just, just Yeah. It was, he was just a curious smart dude.


I, yeah. Those guys good on 'em. You Know it. That's awesome. Just a bunch of Cleveland guys. Yeah. That's all just The way In the world today. How much would you have, would your life have changed If you would've been a sector into the Blue Man group? I had a hundred. That's what I, I don't know. Everything almost. Yeah. So, I mean, I was obsessed with that show and, and, and I, I like, I loved it. It, it was the opportunity I felt. I was like, oh, this would be the only chance I'll ever get to, to play music in front of people. And, and I wasn't a good enough drummer. I love the show. I think it's so funny. I think it's so brilliant. And I think it's so like a subversive, I mean it's all these things, you know, they, they just closed the show recently in New York, which is where I ended up, You know, I, I auditioned in Vegas and they got flown out there, right.


This was August of 2001. So this is right before nine 11. And, and it was, and I had dudes, buddies of mine that were in Blue Man Group in Vegas because we, they took a lot of our improv classes. They, so I got, we got to know 'em. Our shows hung out a lot. Like both, you know, off stage and like, you know, at each other's houses. You know, I got, and, and it, it, it was, it was an amazing, amazing time. 'cause we were this, this different kind of show we that was sort of finding its way in, in, in Vegas. Like the ones that interacted with the audience and not just Sure. You know, showgirls or, or again, icons. Yeah. Or, or magic. It was like this, this weird kind of thing. I remember so many, a handful of them when I was really, it would sort of take me aside and be like, do you really wanna do this?


Like, like you're really good at talking, like, it's kind of your thing. And, and I like, Yeah, no, I don't care. I wanna do this. I Think it's so neat and Yeah. But it would be, I mean, gosh, I wouldn't, I mean, I wouldn't have my kids. I wouldn't, You know, there's a whole bunch of stuff. Yeah. That'd be different. I'd have, I'd be, every time I'd blow my nose, blue stuff would come out. My eye boogers would be blue. You know, like Yeah. Who, who, who knows I'd be a much better drummer than I am. Dude. You know, my rudiments would be solid, but, Well, did you have to paint yourself for the audition? Not for the, for when you, when there's Gotta be a pic. I wish we There's gotta, there's there isn't. There's No way. There isn't. And here's you Dressed up like that and do get A pig. Oh my. I know. But when You wear, when you wear all the same color, like all the, It's pre iPhone, so there's, it's Pre IPhone.


Yeah. We had a, we had a disposal camera. Yeah. Because we, when you, they, they put you up in this like dorm. It was on like 13th Street and it was all these like, like-minded, like, you know, all of us were like six foot one white guys. And, and, and majority of like, if there was 10 of us, I would say nine of them were, you know, musicians first or eight of them were musicians first. And, and I was more of an actor with like, like, and I had been literally practicing on like a drum pad during intermissions at my second city shore in between shows driving my castmates crazy. I'm sure. And, and yet everybody had this like gr fun spirit and, and we're all in New York flying in from other places. And we, I remember we bought a disposable camera 'cause we got bald and blue as they say it, you know, they do a bald cap and the, and the whole thing and the, and the, the ball.


Blue, blue. And, and so somewhere, I don't know what happened to that disposable camera because you got cut like after three days, five days, seven days. I imagine it's like, you know, being in a combine or like in, in a camp American Idol. Jesus. It really was. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I got cut after three days and they were, they were like, if he, he could be a blue man if he worked on his drumming. And then, then I go home kind of defeated and then, you know, a few weeks, you know, later, you know, nine 11. And then it was like, then that sort of like rattled us all like, okay, what do you love? What do you, what do you really wanna do? And it was stick with Second City at that point. And so I never, never auditioned again. But, but there's, yeah, there's a camera out there. But I know when I saw myself in the mirror, I looked at myself and no bullshit. I'm not even, this isn't even like humility. I was like, I, I look like a blue peanut m and m You couldn't see my cheek bones.


You couldn't like my, like my feature, any features that I have on my face just, just got washed out. Yeah. And I just looked like a, like all the dudes that I was friends with all looked like male models. And I was like, oh, I think maybe this, I thought that if I wore this, I'd look as cool as they do. It's like, no Jace, they look like that outta the makeup. I look It, it looked like an upside down blue peanut and m and m It was horrible. So. Yeah. Well, I mean, we know you're, you're A music guy. What's your, what's your go-to karaoke? Ooh, I like Into the Mystic by Van Morrison. Oh, okay. Yeah. Nice. That's kind some saxophone in it. That's a great one. Yeah, I like That. Yeah. I like you play that Like that. Or I mean, bell Biv devoux poison Nice.


Gets, gets the crowd going. And you got a little rap on too. You can, yeah. You can Get the dance moves going With that one. That's true. Yeah. As long as I don't tear a meniscus. Damnit I don't do that. Not do that. I know that's How, you know, you're old when you learn the word meniscus. It's football player. Very familiar with the nerd. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y Yeah. Fun. But yeah, I, those, those are a couple that that come that come to Mind Forte and I used to do karaoke so much during our s and l years. Like we would just go, just the two of us to, you know, the, one of those private rooms in the West Village and just get after like in the afternoon. Nice. You know, and it's just, it's just a blast. That's, That's Paul Ru One of the greatest karaoke singers of all time because he does deep cuts. I've, I, I have learned of songs from doing karaoke with Rudd where I'm like, what is this?


It's like, oh, this is a song called Dry Your Eyes by the Streets. I'm like, it's like British hip hop guy. I like, I'm like shazaming a dude, Like doing karaoke that comes up. Yeah. Him, that whole, that whole crew that did white we hot American summer, like Ken Marino and Joe La Trulio, like really, really great karaoke. Bobby Canali, like yeah. Really a remarkable group of guys that would sing. And then, you know, Rud and I'll do some Broadway that'll, you know, do rent knock your socks off. Nice. Yeah. Oh wow. You, you know, when, 'cause in those private rooms you can go to private places. You, You literally, you know, Brent was another dude, this is just so, so good. Maybe so many flashbacks. Alright, great. Let him be Flash forwards bud.


That's Right. Alright, last question. If you weren't an actor, what would you be doing? Oddly enough, I think I would probably want to coach basketball and teach like acting like, be like, like do, like, I think that'd be so neat to like, to be a drama teacher. And, and that's kind of what I get to do as, you know, Ted Lasso. Yeah. You know, both behind the scenes and, and, and in front of the camera. I, I really like seeing people reach their potential. Like, I, I like encouraging that. I, I I don't do it as well as, as, as I could at any, at every given moment, but that's one of the neat things of getting to write a show where you, where you do play those type of characters. But yeah, I think those are two things that I've benefited from greatly in my life.


Both, you know, team sports and, and, and being around the arts, like growing up, you know, my mom taking us to see everything, my dad playing all sorts of music in the car and just everything in between. But I, I would wanna do some version of that. I mean, I guess I am kind of doing that with my kids to a certain degree. Right. For Sure. And take 'em to go see plays and gonna see basketball and, and, and sports and whatnot. But yeah, that, that, that would, that would be it. What about you guys? What would you do? Me? What, what are you gonna do? I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. What am I doing? I mean, I think that's why Travis signed up for another year of Football. Yeah. So you don't have to ask, This Guy does no idea what he's doing with his life Right now. I gotta keep playing as long as I can. Yeah. Do you know you've done, I feel like I would've still been in sports, like done some sort of broadcasting or something like that.


I just remember always mimicking what I heard on the tv Yeah. And during games and stuff. Yeah. Like John Madden and all those games. Of Course. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what You'd do. Probably coach. Yeah. I mean, I just think it's so hard to envision myself doing something outside of sports. Yeah. That was really the only thing that I was ever good At. I could see you playing the sax on. I could see you playing the sax on SNL. That's not bad. The sax on SNL. Yeah. I was baritone in Cleveland Heights' Jazz ensemble. You had, you had some fucking solos though. You know why I was baritone? Because I wasn't good enough to play tenor alto baritone, Like the baseline. Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. Slow fingers. You gotta get those fast. Lenny Pickett is a legend. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, come on.


Power. Power man. That damn baby. Golly. Crazy Legs. What was his name? Do you Know? No, I don't. I forget. He has a, he has, there's a dance that he does like Lenny Pickett. Yeah. Who's the guy that you play with the saxophone on? SL Tower Power is one of our tower Power is his. But he, but he has like a dance move that he did. He would Like, I don know. Yeah. It's something that my buddy Billy always brings up. He's like, he's like, oh, that's Lenny Pickett, man. Crazy Legs now I wanna Be you. I did. I can't wait to watch these clips. I know. I gotta Find out what it is. Jason's know what it's called. Chill Guy. The saxophone is all over the place when his voice is very chill. Lenny Legend. I Love it, man. Dude, thanks for coming on, brother. Of course, man. It's been, you're the best brother. It's been so great. Absolute best. Thank you for having me. Really?


Yes, Absolutely. Thank so appreciate you always showing up in KC too, man. We'll get back on the train, baby. Absolutely. We'll get back on train, Dude. We will. I have, I have. It's again, it's a better, this is, this is what happens at the end of the second act. You know, like, this is when Woody and, you know, buzz Lightyear, they're, they're away from each other and they come back together. Yes. Yes. That's the Chiefs and the trophy. Let's do it, baby. All Right. Now shout out to Jason today. Kiss. What a guy, man. Yeah. That was God damnit. I loved every second of it. It is one of those where like, you really don't even read the rundown. And I hate to say that to our producers because you guys do a lot of hard work and a lot of research. But don't do it Brandon, my, My iPad was off for.


Yeah, no. He's one of those guys where you just ask an interesting question. Like how about the Blue Man crew? Like, Are you kidding me? Yeah, for sure. The Blue Man crew, like his time in Vegas. Time in Second City, right. Riding a razor scooter. Yeah. Through to the Flamingo every day. I just, the thing I took away for sure is just how much he's like, how much he's valued. All the people that he's been surrounding with. Oh, He's so grateful. He's the Best. Yeah. And it's just awesome. Just a Midwest hear from People That, just a nice Midwest man. Yeah, for sure. For That'll make him any better, man. No doubt. Andy's, he's on the chief side, which is a, you know, it's heartbreaking for me because I didn't make him proud one Day. I Think you did. I think one day I will. You did. No man.


Jason's the best boo boo boo. Basketball. You know what I'm talking about. No fucking clue. This guy's clueless man.


Alright, That wraps up another episode. New Heights brought to you by AUDIBLE. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


New Heights, a Wondery show produced by wave of sports and entertainment and brought to you by Audible. Just like Jason said, listen to what I gotta say. Yeah. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s thanks to our production and crew for kind of doing some good stuff this time around. Yeah, no, you know, and kind of just always, Always, always, Always. Thanks to, thanks to you guys. Please delete anything that I will get canceled for and to the 92 Percenters. Hopefully you guys enjoyed both episodes this week and we will see you guys next week. Appreciate you tuning in. Peace. Peace.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.