
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Today.


Brunch is really the best meal. Ooh, there's nothing better than a good brunch. I'm a basic bitch. I like brunch. You're getting a mimosa. Mimosa. Yeah. More Of a bloody Mary. God, You look like you just fucking house those things. It represents you very well. If you were a drink, you'd probably be a bloody Mary. Thick little too much spice sometimes. Okay, Salty. Very Salty. You Have the right amount of me. It's, it's good. And you're happy about it. You have too much of me. You're like, I get, I gotta get the Foy way of these fucking bloody Marys. Hey, hey, let's go. Welcome back to New Heights. A wonder show produced by Wave Sports Entertainment and brought to you by Schwa men.


No doubt. Nonsense. Self Care for Men. That's what Schwab says. That's what they're selling to you people. That's good. We're your host. I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Cincinnati Bearcat alum. Subscribe on YouTube ones three plus, wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, did you eat breakfast today? I did. I did. Nice. He's in a good mood. Let the people know what we got coming up. We got another great episode for you guys coming up Right now, Anna. We're first going to get to the regular episode that we always give you guys a little bit of new news, bringing back new Heights film club. Oh, oh.


Little NFL draft that's happening tomorrow. Oh Shit. The draft is happening. Well, unless some type of hurricane or natural disaster starts to strike Green Bay, green Bay, Wisconsin, they'll probably just, they'll probably just pivot to New York City. But yeah. Anyways, yes, the draft is happening tomorrow and we're gonna get into it with an incredible guest, Mr. Joe Thomas. Oh yeah. Two Cleveland professional sports guys. Back to back iron. Love that Iron man right there. Son up a buck. I know. Before We jump into it, we are going to talk a little bit about Easter weekend. That's right. Ooh. Okay. We have potentially the greatest tweet ever tweeted on Easter Day.


The fuck outta here, Tr here from this is the best thing ever. I Mean, this is so fucking dumb. Listen, Not, we don't give Jesus enough shoutouts for taking one for the team if we're all being mad. He's a team player. He's The, the epitome of taking one for the team. He died for our sins Best leader out there. Yeah, He did. And then he rose. Yeah. Three days later with a giant double bird as he sented. There's no other way. He didn't come out like that. Right. He's Straight out of that freaking tomb. Yeah. Like he had to, there had to be like some Ray Lewis or WWE E, like he didn't just walk out there with his sandals with no swag.


Like you rise after three days, you're coming out there with the greatest freaking entrance of all time. Somebody broke some glass and he just rose out of the ground. S right outta nowhere. They had a guitar back then. They just, good Janet. They said they slammed a bottle of wine down. He, he's got a table. Here comes Jesus with the table. I don't believe what I just, this is epic. Yeah. This shout, this old tweet, famously old tweet from Travis Kelsey. Happy Easter to all shout out to Jesus for taking one for the team.


So Ridiculous. My favorite part of it is the haha at the end. Yeah. Well I didn't, I wanted to make sure everybody knew I was having a good time joking about this, but I couldn't take it too serious. I mean, listen, He died for our sins so that we can sin without having any type of ramifications for it. Yeah. And we get school off. It's a holiday. It's no school. It was, was that why this was tweeted? Of course. I thought it was like a realization that this guy died for our sins. It's A free day. Free day. It was just about the free day. That's so good. That's great.


Wait, no. Easter's on Sunday. So Yeah, but Usually you'll get an Easter Monday sometimes. Our our girls are off Easter Monday. Oh, good Friday. That's what it was. Yeah. All Right. And now it's time For new news. New news. New news. We're bringing it back. That's right.


New Heights Film Club brought to you by Reese's and their new peanut butter and jelly cups. Holy shit. Ooh, PBB and J Cups, peanut cups, jelly Cups. What color? What flavor jelly Did I guys, did you guys gimme some of these? Why don't we have these? Yeah, I wanna be able to try these. I want to, we, you gave us all the other Don't any product ac We don't have they came out yet? Could Somebody answer me? Who's in charge of our brand placement stuff? I, I'm Trying. I'm sure they're on their way. I'm sure the good people at Reese's are shipping them as we speak. It's grape jelly by the Way. It's grape jelly Grape. Well I'm a grape jelly guy. There we go. Are you a grape jelly or are you a strawberry jelly guy? Brandon Grape. So this is where I do think there's better than grape Blackberry's. Very good. You know what's very underrated is raspberry jam, poison Berry, Raspberry jam. Raspberry has like a nice tartness to it. I don't even like raspberries, don't like raspberry juice cranberry or whatever the fuck that shit is. But raspberry jam. God damn. It's got just a really nice tartness to, it's very good.


Do you have a grandfather clock? No, but I do want to get one. That Noise was a grandfather clock. I mean I It's Travis. We had one growing up. I know what a grandfather clock sounds like. That was a grandfather. We never wound it though, so it never went off. Oh it did for a little bit. It worked for a while until we stopped bumping into It. It still works. Does it? Yeah. Is that what it was? It never been. Is that the original grandfather clock that I just heard? No Jason, I'm not. Alright. We are way off topic. New Heights Film club. We're back 92% as we do need some help picking movies as always. Listen, it's the off Season. It is the off season. We Gotta find ways, we gotta find ways to keep busy, you know what I mean?


Football, there's the draft coming up this week. Thank God there's something to fucking talk about. So we got the draft after that. You know, I think we're in the middle of baseball season. Baseball season. There's Great playoffs happening Right now. N-B-A-N-H-L-N-H-L. Yeah. Shout out to Cleveland. There we go. Let's go Calves Baby one and Oh hopefully get two and Oh tonight. Yep. That'd be big. So I thought we were gonna choose between baseball movies or sports movies in general. I kind of like limiting it to baseball movies to start then maybe go in sports movies. Yeah, Let's go baseball first. Does that Sound good? Yeah. Let's go baseball. Let's give 'em, let's, let's do our top four. It's baseball season. Spring is here. It sun's out. Feels like baseball time. What are we gotta narrow it down to four. Do we go with iconic movies or do we go with movies?


That would be fun to rewatch ones that we might not have seen since you've been older. 'cause I mean like saying lot's the greatest baseball movie of all Time, that and Major League to me are the top two Major league. God damn Major League is so good. Fuck Major League is good. Yeah, it is. Completely Different films but both very good. Another movie that was really awesome and I'd be curious to watch it now that I'm older is Bull Durham. 'cause I feel like I was too young. Dude, you can't, yeah. It's so good to really Comprehend it. It'd be fun. It'd be fun to re-watch It. Oh, why? I fucking love that one from the Ggo. Oh, I Loved it. I'm not saying I didn't love it, but I Think it's one of those movies you're gonna watch now as an adult.


Then you're gonna think it's like 10 times funnier or like better because you're going to be able to relate more to the characters and what they're going through. Field of Dreams. I mean, I don't know. There's a better feel good movie than Field of Dreams. Yeah, league of Their Own. Oh man. League Of their Own Sneaky Tom Hanks As two siblings. As two siblings. I think. You know, Dottie prevails for most of the movie and then loses it at the end to the younger sister whose name escapes me now. But if we're being honest, Dottie dropped the ball on purpose, right? I guess. Yeah. Do you think That happened? No, it couldn't have. Do you Think she did?


They don't really tell you. I like movies that don't leave it up for interpretation. Well, I mean, yeah, she literally like let the ball go out of her hand at The end. Well I mean, catchers people drop balls all the time. Yeah, well maybe she was Knocked Unconscious. Actually illegal now you can't do that. Well, Yeah, well it wasn't then just like Brian Dawkins taking off people's heads. I wanna go over the middle that that was legal then. No crying in baseball. There is crying. There is crying in New Heights. No crying in baseball is crying in New Heights. Bad News Bears is another one we might wanna throw up there. Which one? Which one you going? You going Billy Bob or you going original? Probably Billy Bob. Yeah, the Billy Bob one is Electric. Yeah. So which four are we going with?


You said Bull Durham. So we'll do Bull Durham Field of Dreams. Only show that one in there. No League Of Their Own. League of their Own Bull Durham League of their Own. Okay. Two very similar movies. Cool. Do we go Major league? Yeah. Throw a major league in there for, for the fun shit. The Rookie's a great one, but again it's, you know, it's another one that's like real Rookie of the Year is hilarious. I haven't seen that one in a long time. So Rookie of the Year is the one where he actually pitches, what's the one where he just takes over the team as like a GM but doesn't actually play. Do you remember that one? It's another one that was just like fucking so stupid.


But it was great. I say either Sandlot or Rookie of the Year. Which one Little Big League was the one I was thinking Sandlot or Rookie of the Year. If it's between those two, it's Sandlot. I mean, as much as I think Rookie of the Year is great, sandlots the iconic movie of baseball and they tried to recreate it, which I mean, big mistake. You can't recreate a movie like that. Like who's playing Chunk? Like, or I'm sorry, who's playing? God damn. Yeah. No wrong movie Jason. Fuck yeah. You can't recreate that movie. I think that's it. I think it's Sandlot Bull Durham League of their own major league. That's a good four to choose from. I love it. I'm, I'm excited to watch any of these. I haven't seen 'em in a while. Let's, let's hear at 92 Percenters.


We're gonna drop this poll on Soldier for you guys to vote and we'll let you know when that review is coming. Once again, new Heights Film Club is brought to you by Reese's and their new peanut butter and jelly cups. Can't wait to try those out. All Right, now we got some more new news. Jason discovered televised Quidditch. That's right. Jason's a big Harry Potter guy. He read every book did when he was little and well, They weren't all out when I was little. I started reading when I was little. Progressed to being a full grown adult reading children's books. Yes. Well you were tweeting that ESPN news had Quidditch games on tv.


This is correct. They did have, so they were calling it quad ball. I firmly against it being called quad ball. That's fucking Quidditch. What's happening was they had a stick between their legs. Do you know what Quidditch is? No. But it sounds like hobby horse racing. It was the exact same thing as hobby horse racing. Just now they're playing a game with the ball and instead of pretending like they're riding horses, they're pretending like they're riding brooms. So Quidditch, you played on brooms in the wizarding world and then there's three rings. You try and throw the quale through one of the rings and that gets you points. Okay. There are two ball, two balls that are like, they try and attack you and there's guys called beaters with bats that hit the balls at you.


I'm trying to remember what those balls were called. Beaters, bruisers, brown. Anyways, they're, anyways, those balls are kind of like you're hitting them at 'em with baseball bats. Bold bludgers bludgers. All right. The last bit of Quidditch is really, there's, there's also gold tenders protecting these rings. There is a little thing called a snitch, which is a golden ball with Wings and it flies around. It's really hard to catch. And it, there is a seeker for each team that tries to catch the snitch. If you catch a snitch, I, I forget, it's like a hundred points or something like that. So basically, who in the, in the real Quidditch, whoever catches the snitch wins the game most frequently. So it has nothing to do. So you, why do people even try and throw in the rings?


Well, There is like a little bit of, if you're over a hundred points, you would be in a conundrum of if you're losing, you wouldn't wanna catch the snitch. 'cause the game's over if the snitch is caught. So If you catch the snitch, you'll get a hundred points, but you'll still be losing points wise. It's just, usually that wasn't the case in the books. Usually Harry just caught the snitch and he won the game. The real life version of this has men and women. It is a, what's that called when men and women play the same sport? Co-ed. It's a co-ed sport. They have a stick between their legs. Big problem I had was that it was not an actual broom. If we're gonna do this, make belief stuff and bring it to life, I want a real broom wizard clothes. I don't want regular jerseys and a make belief stick.


Yeah. If we're gonna larp, you gotta, you gotta go full go. Exactly. Somebody responded and said that the bristles were causing like chafing or irritation. Don't give a fuck. You gotta, that's something you gotta deal with. Wear some fucking compression shorts. Get some go powder. I know Yet I, I don't want to hear that nonsense. Put a goddamn broom between your legs. Otherwise, what are we even doing? Right. They still had the quale, people were throwing that through goaltender. Instead of the beaters beating with bats, they had the, the balls. They were playing dodge ball. Right. So they could just hit people with the ball whenever they wanted to, which was pretty fun. The funniest goddamn part of this whole thing, the snitch was just a person with a yellow shirt on and the word snitch written down his clothes and he had a towel in the back.


And in order to catch the snitch, you had to get the towel off of the guy's back the flag. You get a hundred points for grabbing somebody's towel. Well, it was different in the, in quad ball or real life Quidditch made up word. The you only get 30 points. So the snitch is worth way less. So not as, not as fun. I think if I played I I'd get that snitch in a heartbeat. That guy was struggling. He was getting like passed off. The guy who the secret that was trying to get it was just getting past blocked and he like had no moves. Like, dude fucking, you gotta get a little swim and a fucking get his hands off of you. It was embarrassing. He was getting, it took him a long time to get that snitch.


You sat here and watched this. Honestly, it was the most fun I've had watching a sport in a long time. It was fantastic. And I wanna participate. Yeah. All right. But we're going real broom. I'm going Nimbus 2000, I think it's Nimbus 2000. What is that? Don't worry. It's a really good broom. It's it's a, it's the best. Oh nice. Yeah. Yeah. So anyways, that's what I did this weekend while I was watching ESPN Jason, not a joke. You have been invited to Quad Ball Nationals happening. Happening in Richmond, Virginia. I mean, listen, I don't know when it is, but if I can make it, that's not that far. I would love to potentially play. Is there like an exhibition before the Nationals game that I can partake in?


I would love to try and get out there on a broom and see what I can do. I've always wanted to play. Sweet nerd. Alright, here we go. April 26th, 27th. So get ready. It's like two weeks. Yeah, it's Pretty soon. It's coming. That's this weekend. Yeah. And the last bit of new news would be, So unfortunately I won't be able to make it. But Thank you to everyone who voted for the 2025 Webby Awards New Heights. Took Home. Hey, the Award for best video series. How about that? And was honored for Best co-host. So there We go. Nice. So we aren't really the talent here. Our editing team is the talent here. So thank you guys for voting and shout out to our, our team that edits all the video stuff because you guys just won a webby.


And that does it for new news. Hey yo, Let's get to this Joe Thomas interview. Cleveland's finest. He's not from Cleveland, but he is Cleveland's finest. I mean, he was there for long enough. He Counts. Wisconsin's finest.


Big, big shout out to our sponsor, Schwab Men's deodorant new and built to handle serious sweat and it's under three bucks Without breaking the bank. Ooh. And the new swab, men's deodorant comes in three killer cents and is loaded with sweat fighting ingredients that actually hold up through the real life. What are your sweaty situations? You deal with Travis? As soon As I get dehydrated, I'll drink coffee and start sweating, leaking out my pits. Dehydrate. How do you sweat if you're dehydrated? If you're dehydrated, you have nothing to sweat. You gotta be hydrated to Sweat. If I drink coffee or I drink something that's going to dehydrate me like beer or alcohol or anything like that, like I immediately start sweating. Yeah, I, I agree with you. Beer is is a big one. Are you, are you more of an armpit sweater or an ass sweater? Armpit maybe too. Alright. Okay. Well anyways, whatever your sweaty moment is, it's handled with SUAVE Because it has more sweat fighting power than the number one brand available now at retailers nationwide.


Thank you to our partner Reese's and their new peanut butter and jelly cups, which we are really looking forward to trying out In strawberry and grape. Now for a limited time, only the iconic pb and J taste we all grew up with, plus Reese's Cups the greatest candy in the world. That's an instant must have right there. And they're only for a limited time. That's right. You gotta go now. Go fast because they're going fast. That's right. Reese's Peanut butter and Jelly. A complete candy. No Brainer. No brainer. Indeed. Reese's is always trying new combinations. Could this be the best one yet, Jason? I'm probably gonna lean towards grape every time. Yeah, It's interesting 'cause I feel like strawberry pairs better with chocolate. Like chocolate covered strawberries is the thing. Chocolate covered grapes isn't so like peanut butter and jelly to me is always peanut butter and grape jelly. Strawberry might be something that would taste good with a Reese's Peanut butter Jelly Cup. So get into the greatness of not just one, but two new Reese's Peanut butter and jelly cups and strawberry and grape. Decide which one you love most or just fall in love with both of them. Get 'em while you can because they're here for a limited time. Only Reese's new peanut butter and jelly cups. That's right. What's your jam Found? Wherever candy is sold.


Now a moment brought to you by American Express. Yeah. Jason, what do you, what do you look forward to on a trip? I look forward to food. I look forward to fun. Having fun outside the hotel. I look forward to what is the hotel like and how's the bed? Well, Jason, all of those things you can get with American Express, no matter what kind of traveler you are. The AMERICAN EXPRESS Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Jason, like Enjoying access to centurion lounges at airports nationwide or or worldwide even. Or when you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast for two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout. Gotta love that. Plus, with Global Dining access by resi, you'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum card to your resi profile. That's the power for backing of American Express. Yes. Yes it is. For Terms and to learn more, visit AMERICAN EXPRESS dot com slash with Amex, there's tons of things you can bundle with it. It's not just a credit card that allows you to pay for things. There's a lot of deals, there's plenty of things to go on. There's interactive ways that you can interact in the real world with it. So you should go get one maybe.


Yeah, That's fucking good. There he is. Perfect. Dot what A warm welcome my friends. Yeah. Looking good. What's up dude? What's up guys? How we doing today? Jason's trying his hardest to, to pull off the Joe Thomas, have a hall of fame career and then just turn into an action figure afterwards. Dude, dude, Look at that guy. You've made me extraordinarily jealous with them. Guns showing up on my screen. I'm gonna call the cops here in a second. This is dangerous. Holy shit. So good. What you got going on? Not much. Just out at the farm today, you know, doing the cattle thing, hanging out and enjoying some beautiful weather.


Getting ready for heading up to Green Bay for the draft. So nice. Busy week. Nice. Yeah Baby, let's talk about it. Love that. Let's do it. Let's talk. All right, here we go Jason. Alrighty. Our guest today is NFL Hall of Famer from Brookfield, Wisconsin. Take time. Pro bowler. Sixth time first team all pro. Got NFL 2000 tens all decade. Team a member. Yes sir. Of the Cleveland Browns Ring of Honor. Yes. Yes sir. And the record holder for most consecutive snaps played with 10,363. God damn, 92 Percenters. Please welcome NFL legend, Mr. Joe Thomas.


Hey, what's up guys? Hey, hey, hey, Hey. Thank you for having me on. It's a true pleasure to be here with Cleveland's two finest gentlemen of all time. I'm so happy to be here and have a chance to chat it up with my boys. We have got a little bit of a long history together, so this is great that we get a chance to chill and hopefully my man, those guns that you're showing me here on the screen, Jason, don't jump through and shoot me. I'd like to make it to the draft this weekend. So I know, I know you're being funny here, but you're covering yours up. You got some guns under there. I know you do. Oh yeah. Yeah baby. How much, how much weight did you lose right away when you retired? Yeah, so watching a bunch of guys that had done it before me, I knew like, hey, I'm either gonna lose this weight Right now or I'm gonna go the other way and be like 400 pounds.


So I lost like 60 pounds I think in the first six months after I retired 60 pounds. Golly geez. And you did that keto, right? I think I remember talking to you before. Yeah, yeah. We chatted a little bit after you retired and I, I was like, hey, what's the fastest way to do it? You know, I talked to our nutritionist a bunch in Cleveland and you know, reading online, trying to figure out, okay, you know, how do I do this quickly because I would like to feel better. A big reason why I retired, even though I tore my tricep my last season, it was really because I had a real bad knee and the doctor was like, Hey man, you need to lose some weight and for every pound you lose it's basically three less pounds that goes through that knee. So the faster you can get it off, the better that knee's gonna feel.


And I felt horrible like walking down the stairs on my butt, like going backwards. Like I was, I was hurting a lot. Oh man, I think I only practiced like three times my last season in the NFL 'cause I just couldn't do it. Right. So I wanted that knee to feel better so it was easy to get that weight off quick. Well that's what 10,000 snaps in the NFL consecutive will do to you. I mean it's gonna be hard on the joint. Yeah. What is, so how does the knee feel good now? Is There hope it feel great? Yeah, it was weird because you know, just playing left tackle you get like very specific joint issues playing for sure. Sort of offset, you know, one leg forward. Yeah, exactly. Always turning like that. So I have like bulging discs all on the right side of my back.


I've got, I just had my right hip replaced and my left knee, the outside of my left knee was really like shredded cheese. Ah. So that was really the issue that was causing all sorts of pain was just being in that stance, that stance that I always kind of had with my left leg really tucked up under it. And so now that I've dont do those left tackle things anymore, like I can function very normally and my knee feels great. Fuck Yeah. Did you just say you had your right hip replaced? Yeah, like three weeks ago. What, why? What happened already back working on the farm man, this guy Fucking, Yeah. Football. Hey the cattle ain't anybody man. How does it feel? It's feeling great actually. Like I, I did a couple posts on my Instagram 'cause you know a lot of people have hip problems and they're kind of putting off the hip replacement.


But all the players that I talked to that had gotten hip replacements early in their forties were like, dude, do it Right now because it's like three, four weeks you'll be back on your feet. You'll be doing most of the normal stuff six weeks about perfect health and you'll never look back because really basically the rest of your life you'll never have to deal with those hip problems that you had. So it's been even better than I kind of anticipated day one walking around and now I'm three weeks out and chasing after cattle a little bit and chasing the kids at home. So it's been awesome. Hell yeah. Let's go baby. Let's go back to where it started. Well I guess where the NFL started. You mentioned you were going to the draft in Green Bay, Wisconsin.


Wisconsin badger himself. Since the draft is tomorrow, what was your draft day like? We know you, you jumped on the water, you went fishing with the family, right? I remember, I remember that day in 2007 watching because Cleveland was our like back in oh seven was our team. You know what I mean? Yeah baby. That's our, that's our pride and joy right there. So we knew the, the story and everything, but tell us a little bit about why you did the, the boat and instead of going to New York City and how, how fun it was to be on the water. Yeah, you guys were in short pants there back in Cleveland with your, your full bronze gear on and hell yeah. Hell Yeah. Yeah, it was awesome.


So I really never had grown up watching the draft because you know, when I was a kid, like the draft I, maybe it was on TV but I couldn't find it. I mean I didn't have cable so I never watched the draft and dreamed of that moment. Of course as a kid I wanted to play in the NFL but to me the draft was just like getting the answer. You know the, the results of your test in science class where it's like, hey, you either did a good job or you didn't do a good job and then you know this, this is where your life's gonna go from there. And so I always had a tradition on Saturdays as a kid growing up that I would go fishing with my dad. Like that was our thing, that was our time together. So cool man. And you go through the whole pre-draft process, right? So you got the combine and the workouts and you do all these things. You don't have a whole lot of time for regular life and then the draft comes and you have a very, very small window before they whis you away to whatever team drafts you.


And you got OTAs and mini camp and you go right into training camp. So this is like your only little window to reconnect with family and friends before you're pretty much de disconnected for like a year. Right? And so I always had in my mind like, hey, I got a little time, I'm gonna go fishing. Like I don't have to be anywhere Right now days in the barn as far as training and stuff. So I was gonna go fishing and then, and then at that time they invited five players to the draft so they would kind of pick the top five guys that they thought It was only five. Only five, right. Wow. Very Interesting. And so I didn't even really think about like, hey, they might have asked me to come, I knew I was gonna be a high draft pick, but Bill Brandt who the hall of fame scout from the Dallas Cowboys, he was in charge at that time of being able to decide all right, you know who's gonna go to the draft, who's coming, right?


So he calls me up and he is like, Hey Joe, congratulations. I wanna let you know that you're gonna be going to New York for the draft, you know, we'll get somebody in touch that can do the logistics but we want you to fly out there like on Wednesday and then you got this thing to do and that thing to do. Make sure you get a couple pairs of suits And And, and then like Saturday is the big day and you can be, you know, bring a couple of your family members and get to go on stage with Roger Goodell and all this stuff. And he was hyping it up like I was gonna be all excited and there was a big pause on the phone and I was just like, Hey, bad news Gil. But I already got plans on Saturday. I'm going fishing with my dad. I go, I'm going fishing, fishing. He was like, wait, wait a minute. No, nobody's ever said no to the draft. Yeah, he Didn't even comprehend it.


Just the way I didn't comprehend ever going to the draft. Right. And I think he was like, alright, just a minute, I'll be right back to you. You know, and I think he probably like called up the people in the draft and you know, at that time they were trying to make a big show out of it, right? So they needed the actors to show up for the show. Oh yeah. And so he calls back the next time and he is like, Hey Joe, I know you said you have plans but we really need you there. You know, we got the TV there, you got an opportunity to market yourself, get your face out there to NFL fans and corporations where you can, you know, do some stuff and start making some money. And I go, Hey Gil, I'm an offensive lineman. I Don't exactly think that I'm gonna make any Money marketing or endorsements If you looked at me, I'm like, if I make money in the NFL, it's for how I play.


So thank you for the offer, but I'm really not interested. So he was, I love it. Again, taken aback. So I love then he calls back like a day later and he's like, Hey you know, we really need you there. Like some scouts have been talking that you're a premadonna, that you don't want to go to the draft. It's really gonna hurt Your draft Stock And at that point stop The premadonna from Wisconsin. Yeah, exactly. I like, okay the premadonna going fishing with his dad. Sorry, I don't wanna spend some time with my dad. Get the fuck outta here. That's such a joke. So he's like trying to play that and, and you guys know how it is like us as athletes I think generally like we're, we try to be kind people 'cause we were always the biggest kid in the class, you know, we didn't wanna like beat anybody up, get in trouble, you know, unless we had to.


But when we had to, like we were gonna throw some shit down and it was gonna happen and now all of a sudden it's like, Fuck, fuck me, fuck you. You know? I was like, alright, I'm definitely not fucking going because you're trying to pull this primadonna shit. Yeah, sure. And so like, don't even call me back. I'm not interested, like, don't waste my time anymore. I don't wanna waste your time. So I called my agent and I'm like, look, I'm not going. And he's like, well I totally get it, it's no problem. But we just need to make sure whatever you do that day, you need to have cell service because we need to be able to call You. It's important As you guys remember, maybe on your draft day, I think you probably did. Like they wanna call you and talk and just make sure, have you been arrested, make Sure you, you haven't gotten hurt and nothing's happened last second. Yeah, Exactly. Like everybody, not everybody, a lot of people party a little bit, you know, the night before their draft, they got family friends there, whatever, they wanna make sure everything is the same, you know, you're not in handcuffs, you know, nothing's happened.


And so I was like, all right, I can make that concession. I'll fish close enough to the cell phone towers that I leave And I can talk to the, whoever drafts me. And so he is like, okay great, I'll handle it from here. Like, you don't need to stress about this anymore. And so like, I didn't hear from him for a while, like few weeks. And my agent, he handled it. Peter Schaefer did a great job. And then like finally I think Gil came around and understood like he ain't coming to the draft. So I finally got a call like, Hey, I'm sorry about that, you know, don't worry, you don't have to come to the draft. It's okay. You can go fishing with your dad. And it was kinda Like the Yeah, he was trying to smooth things over again. Sure. Yeah. So that, that's the story I ended up going fishing with My dad got drafted third overall by the Browns.


And the, the ironic thing about it all was I was doing it just to spend time with my dad, get away from the cameras and stuff and like didn't wanna make a deal about it or a big story. But now it's like every time the draft comes up, that's what people want to talk about. The funny thing is, is that this made so much more headlines for the NFL doing this than going to that. Like how, how relatable is and fir first of all, like do you know how much this entrenched you right away in Cleveland? Yeah. Like Midwest town drafted you and it's like, this dude's going fishing with his dad and telling New York to fuck off. Yeah. Sign us up for this guy Right now. They're so, they're so relatable for so many people out there, right? Like this guy's having the, the pinnacle of his entire athletic career is about to happen.


He's about to realize his dream and play in the NFL and how's he gonna do it? He's gonna do, he's gonna have a moment with his dad fishing and doing something that he's loved his whole life and stay true to his roots. So good on you. How was the day though? What'd we catch? Did, what'd we catch? What was the biggest water? Water good by the cell towers or were we, you know, So we made it work and you know, The, The humble brag in me says, You know, I didn't have to wait too long. So the fishing trip was not Exactly as long for some other People 'cause I got drafted third overall. So we ended up catching a couple brown trout, which I thought was kind of cool. Brownies you go The brown guys nice brownies and then the Browns draft you. And the only downside of being drafted early was they cut the fishing trip short.


And then my agent did step in. He is like, Hey look, you gotta go to Cleveland now. And like they're gonna bring their jet. Like Randy Learner was the owner at the time. He's like, they're gonna fly to you like Waha, Wisconsin, tiny little airport. They're gonna pick you up. They're gonna turn around and take you to Cleveland because you do need to finally get a suit, put your suit on, go to Cleveland. They need to have this introductory press conference. It'll be great. You'll love it. And so I brought my, I think my, my fiance at the time, Annie and then my parents and stuff. And we flew out and did, did all like the dog and pony show and stuff. And, and in the end it turned out it worked out a lot better for me. And the NFL like you mentioned because you know what, what's better for the NFL than like, hey there's some down home guys that are shunning the spotlight that just want to be all about football and family.


Absolutely. Hell yeah. Bait and tackle. You fly fisherman. What's your, what's your preferred fishing style? Yeah, So I love all fishing. My favorite type of fishing is like bobber fishing, honestly. Or like little jigging. You know, I grew up playing fishing and going on Lake Erie when I was playing for the Browns. Like I would go out every chance I got and if I could cast for walleye, like drifting cast or like throwing yeah like the old Erie dairies and stuff like that. Like anytime I can be connected to my bait where I'm feeling that hit that strike, yes. To me that's fishing. Like I, I do a bunch of trolling and that's how you, you collect meat if you're out on Lake Erie, you troll for walleye, you troll for steel. Correct. Yeah. That's not as much fun. Just reeling you're Going trophy fish, big fish, you gotta troll. But yeah, it's definitely, I hate trolling if I'm being honest.


I've only done it one time. It's not my style. No, I like feeling it. So I remember watching your draft day highlights because I obviously we were both Cleveland fans. Yeah. We had the third pick. We're all geared up, like who are we gonna take? And everybody kind of knew we were going to go after you. There was all these highlights of like, not only is he strong, but he's out here on a receiver screen kicking out a court. Like there was athleticism showed. Yeah. What is your prototypical linemen that you think of? Like if you're evaluating guys coming outta college, what is the, like the tackle, what are the traits that you think every like a premier tackle should have? Well it was interesting 'cause like the late nineties to me was like the golden era of offensive tackles.


Like Jonathan Ogden. Oh yeah. Walter Jones. Like there was Willie Roe, there was such a big group of Willie, these enormous human beings that were 3 50, 360 and they were great athletes. They were ballerina on their feet and nobody got through 'em and they were great run blockers. Yeah. And I always kind of saw myself as an undersized tackle great athlete. I could move. But the thing that I had to learn the most when I got to the NFL was how to stop the bull rush. Right. Right. Because you've got guys like DeMarcus Ware screaming off the edge, Terrell Suggs screaming off the edge, James Harrison, they're trying to run you over. Right? Yeah. Especially as a rookie. Like they wanna see if you can have any lead in your ass and you can probably stop the bull rush.


Right. And so I got a lot of that early on in my career and it took a little while to figure out how to react, see the bull rush to sit quick, but also to be light enough where you could react to that second move. But to me, if I'm looking at like today's NFL, I'm like Trent Williams is like the prototypical, like the best. If I could look and have the athleticism and the strength and power of Trent Williams, that'd be perfect. Like 3 25. But still running that four A, still running that four three pro agility, like Oh my gosh, To me that is exactly what you want in a tackle. But you're seeing a lot smaller tackles nowadays than when I first got in the NFLI think because it's much more of an open game.


Right. There's, there's not as much of a focus on can you grind people out in the run game. Let's talk about a little bit of what you're doing in, in Green Bay for the, for the Browns. You're, you're announcing the Browns second round pick. That's right. I'm pumped. You know, Have you, have you kind of stayed around the organization? You mentioned you were in Germany last year, but have you kind of stayed around the organization in terms of, I don't know, just kind of keeping the, keeping the relationships and, and and getting around Cleveland when you can? Yeah, so even though Kevin Stefanski is a coach that I never played for, I have a really good relationship with a lot of the coaching staff. Andrew Barry, the gm, he was actually an assistant GM when I was there. So a little relationship there and obviously relationship with the Hass and a, a lot of the people that are still there in the organization.


And when I retired I was like, you know what, it's, it would be really hard to transition to a post career without having football in my life, without having the Cleveland Browns in my life. And so I, they were really lucky. Sorry, I was really lucky that they were willing to open up a space on the media side for me. So I do their preseason games, I do a radio show during the week with them after their, after their games. And then throughout the season I just do like fun content with them. Right. Which is, yeah, it's just fun more than anything, just staying plugged in and going out there for a week in training camp every year, which gives me the opportunity to be able to do a little bit of that media stuff but also get in there, watch practice, meet the guys, maybe give some coaching points to a few of the players and you know, try to just give some of that wisdom that I've learned all throughout those years to the guys that, You know, I really wanna have that success throughout their career.


You gotta pass it along man. Was there anybody when you came into the league that was like the one giving that wisdom whether they were on the team or just kind of a, a phone, a friend type deal? I was really lucky because when I was a rookie in Cleveland, a lot of the linemen were older guys and you know, one of the guys that really, really helped me was Hank Fraley. He was our center. Hank Yeah. Old bag of donuts. If you're a, an old vp, no, sorry, honey buns. Bag of donuts. Honey buns make winners from the buns. Yeah. Honey buns. That was him. And he was So Helpful, right? Because what he was a center, he was really, really smart. He understood technique. He played with Trey Thomas and John Runin and Yep. In Philly. Philly. And those guys are two all pro pro Bowl tackles that he learned a lot from.


But he was also super smart, like super cerebral. And so he helped me see the big picture. 'cause that's what you have to do as a center. And when you come in as a tackle, especially a rookie, like I'm just trying to figure out who the fuck I'm supposed to block. I'm not worried about everybody else. But understanding through his eyes, when you see the big picture, it makes you the, the puzzle that you're trying to put together on every play. It makes it so much easier. So even though I don't know exactly what I'm supposed to do, like I can use deductive reasoning if I see the big picture to be able to figure out, okay, how does this work together? Right. And it just makes your brain work faster when you're reacting on the field context Clues. Yep. I Remember when Hank went in there, when he was in Cleveland, who was the center. So he came in the starter Gotter, was it Fain? Was it La Charles Bentley?


I think La Charles first Charles. But La Charles was a huge free agent signing, right? Oh my gosh. All pro best center in the league. And he comes into Cleveland first Walkthrough, The first like first thing of training camp and he blows out his patellar tendon and never played another down of football again. How crazy. Just a terrible story. Damn. And he was a hometown hero 'cause he went to St. Ignatius. Yeah. Like he was from the Cleveland area had come back. It was. And, But yeah, Hank played pretty dang good. I thought like he was a, as somebody who didn't really know much about the game at the time, I, he stood out to me. What was it like getting drafted to the Cleveland Browns man? Yeah. Did you know anything about the city?


Did you like what were, what were your, like, like where were the first places you went in the city? I'm, I'm so curious on everybody's like first introduction to Cleveland. Tell us about it. Yeah, so with three Cleveland guys here, this is easy to pump the tires of the Cleveland area. But man, I was so happy, dude, Let's go. Because One, my dad's side is all from the Toledo area, so Oh, Right to right Down the street. I used Toledo every summer and we'd go out there for the family reunion, we'd see all my dad's side of the family and we'd go fishing on Lake Erie and you know, obviously fishing big part of my life. So being drafted and being able to live right on Lake Erie and go fishing in my free time, I was so pumped.


And then I think also for me at that time, it was really important for me to stay in the Midwest. I was really interested because I think that, you know, east Coast fans are incredible. There's a lot of 'em, right? They're super passionate. But I think there's something about like throughout the Rust Belt in the Midwest, like that's all they got right? Is their team and they just love it and they just absorb every single little thing, little detail that comes out of there and they're a ride or die no matter what happens. And I knew that's how the Browns fans were. And I had known a little bit about their history because we had a guy on the, the Badgers with me, Dante Sanders, who is a, he's a Cleveland guy. Oh yeah. And he's a Bedford guy. Yeah, yeah, Bedford. Wow. Yeah, he's back there coaching now somewhere.


But he was a huge Brown fan, so he'd always turn the Browns games on in the locker room Nice. In college. And so I knew that, you know, they had this incredibly robust, proud history of championships with Jim Brown and Otto Graham and all these guys. And since the Super Bowl era, they haven't won a Super Bowl. I haven't even been there. And then since they came back in 99, they've been kind of poopy. And So for me It Was understatement. Yeah, yeah. Right. I've Always, you know, enjoyed like building something from nothing. Right. The take a lot of pride and, and really just sinking my teeth into something and being part of like, let's build this from, from nothing, from the ashes and make these champions. And we didn't do that.


But When I got drafted I was just full bore ahead thinking man, this is great. This is exactly where I want to be. It's in front of the fans that appreciate offensive line play. You know, they're not booing me because you drafted a tackle number three overall. And just being able to live in Cleveland amongst people that I understood, like it was just a perfect fit for me. Why didn't they do that? What do you think when Ro has been going wrong in Cleveland? Not as of late, I guess let's just talk about your career. Like you guys are close. You guys had some great offensive lines during your time in Cleveland. Yeah. Never played in a postseason game. Like what, what was that process like playing? I mean you played on a windless team in Cleveland.


I can't even imagine that Tough Travis hasn't had one losing season fucker. Like you were talking to the most like just lucky fucking guy on the planet. One head coach. I mean, anyways, so yeah, I don't know. What was that like? Were jealous. We're very jealous here. Trust me, trust me talking to guys, guys with multiple Super Bowl rings on the other side. I'm very jealous. But you know, it was tough. It, I mean there's no easy way to put it. Losing in the NFL is so hard. And I think, yeah, the Hass took over in, I don't know, 20 14, 20 13, somewhere in there. And you know, in 20 16, 17, that was the, the two years we went one in 15 and oh in 16.


And I think their, their philosophy at that point was like, Hey guys, we don't have a team that's good enough to win Right now. So we're gonna trade back, we're gonna collect draft capital, we're gonna collect salary cap space, and then we're gonna get a bunch of young talent. We're gonna let 'em play together and kind of go through the, the, the, the challenges and the difficulties that when you have a young team you deal with. But then year three we're gonna be a lot better and we're gonna have all the salary cap space to spend on free agents. We're gonna have these draft picks and I don't think they fully understand or at the time understood how painful it is to lose in the NFL. Right. You only get one, one chance every week.


Yeah. And how you feel that whole week is a hundred percent related to whether you won or lost. Won or lost. Yes. And when you lose, You feel sick the whole week. And in Cleveland you guys know it. Everybody in town feels sick that whole week when you lose it is so painful. It is so miserable. And to go one in 15 and then go oh, in 16, well you can imagine it was not a lot of sunshine and rainbows in northeast Ohio. And certainly not in my house there in Westlake lobby. Fuck. It just sucked. Like you hated going to work. It's the worst every fucking day the fans booed you. They, you know, they still showed up because it's Cleveland, but they were there to boo you not to cheer you. Yeah. Damn man. One of the hardest things to, to kinda weather is, is how many quarterbacks you guys went through and obviously the notorious jersey of like long list of names that's, that could, how many of them could you name do you think?


Very few. I'm trying to remember. Very few of them. Not exactly the, the greatest memory ever is all the different quarterbacks. I think I played for like 20 and 11 years. So. Well Who were your, who would give us, give us your Yeah. Your top five who, who you played, who you played With. Yeah, so my rookie season, we were actually 10 and six. It was my only winning season. So Travis let that sink in one. Oh, I love it. Hell Yeah. Season in 11 years. Derek Anderson was our quarterback. Da Yeah. But he didn't even start this season. We had Charlie Fry was the starter week one. That's yes. Wow. Yeah. I should have just retired after week one because going into that game, Charlie Fry was our starter. He was also the captain and he was the hometown hero.


We played the Steelers at home, my first NFL game going against James Harrison who will be in the hall of fame soon. And that was tough enough. But we were getting our ass kicked. He got sacked. Charlie did like six times in the first half at halftime they benched him. Okay. Derrick Anderson comes in, doesn't do much better Monday after the game. Mind you, this was our starting quarterback and our captain and I came from Wisconsin where we had a lot of success. And you know, if, If you have a quarterback and he's your captain, like he's your dude, like That's your ride or guy. Yeah, he's a rider Guy like you, you would do anything for that guy and you're spending all off season trying to build comradery and relationships and see the same things that he does. And on Monday they traded him to the Seattle Seahawks for like a six round pick.


So I was like, What the fuck is this NFL stuff? Like shit. Our starting quarterback, who was our captain, just got traded and benched in the first two days facing the NFL season. It's aggressive. It's an aggressive Move. Pretty aggressive. Yeah. You guys ended up going to get another quarterback that that following year. And Brady Quinn though, right? Brady was actually in my draft class, so I got drafted third by Cleveland and a lot of people in Cleveland because he was a Columbus guy. Columbus guy Notre Dame, but other hometown ish guy. He grew up a brown fan. Love Bernie Za. So a lot of people thought they would draft Brady third. Well, he slid in the draft and then they traded back up, I think with the Cowboys That's right.


To draft him like in the twenties. So we, we came in together and he had a couple years as a starter, like year twos, two and three of my career. He was the Most jacked quarterback I had ever Seen. Yeah. That was probably what held him back. Like his arms were, were bigger than Jason's over there. I'm not sure if that's even possible, but kind of hard to throw when you got pipes like that bro. Right. Man gets in the way. It was fun to watch. That was, that was, I remember that was the first like college game I ever saw was Brady Quinn versus Oh, it was Pittsburgh. It was Notre Dame. Pittsburgh. I forget the Le pco. Oh yeah, yeah. Was it Alco? Yeah, Tyler pco. Yeah. Shout out to Casey either way, man. Brady was a, Brady was a stud. You played, fuck man. You played with a lot of fucking QBs man.


Remarkable to be honest with you. Yeah. And still had the Hall of Fame career. You did. How did you, did, did it ever get to the point where you just stopped introducing yourself to quarterbacks when they walked in? Well, I did have one time in my career. It was like, I dunno, year five or six another. Spoiler alert, we weren't very good. I think we were four and 12 that year, but we were playing the Steelers the very last game of the season. It's in Pittsburgh. Right. And Of course you hate Pittsburgh, you wanna fuck 'em up, even though you know we're not gonna the playoffs. And they are. Yeah. And so it was actually kind of a close game down the stretch. At the time, Thad Lewis was our starting quarterback. So there's another one I remember. But the great, a great, I should say proper introduction, the great Thad Lewis was our quarterback.


The great, and it was like a six to 10, six to 14 game. Either way. It was like a one sport quarter typical A C North game. Oh yeah. It was a Slugfest, you know, December 1st cold, the shit, You know, I got my long underwear on and my, the fur and my helmet and I'm like, holy cow, we may actually win this game. Like we're, we're, we're driving down the field, it's in the fourth quarter and we're just getting into the Heinz red zone. You know, we're going towards the river there and the old hinz field, I dunno what the fuck they call it now, but it's not Hein sealed. It's called Acrisure. It's still Heinz Field to me. Not something I can't say, but it's Heinz field for me. Yeah. So we're going there, we're going in the river and I'm like, damn, we can fucking win this thing. And my left guard who is a backup, he, as you'll give some appreciation, it was his first like couple games as a starter and we have just a two jet protection, just super basic.


Yeah. Like we're sliding left. Like this is the first protection you install in your playbook. No doubt. And Alex Max, my center, he says Lion. Which our call then was like, Hey Dipshit, even If you didn't hear Lion, like two jet, we're going that way bro. Find the mic. We're Center's coming. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. Right, right, right. So What does he do? He goes to the right and so nice. They're playing a three four at the time. So Be opposite of a lion. Okay. Opposite of a lion, Opposite of a two jet. Like this is not possible. So he goes to the right and James Harrison's outside linebacker. So I'm sliding out to him and I Think it was maybe Brett Keel was playing D end or four technique, I can't remember for sure. But he's unblock now, right? Because ah, left guard, that's your dude goes, You're kicking out.


He goes the other way. Left guard goes the wrong way. Yep, Yep. Goes the wrong way. So he steamrolls Thad and you know, detaches his head from his body. So Thad's laying there, Thad's already our third string quarterback. All of a sudden the huddle we're like, damn, this is not good because we actually don't know who the next guy in is. Right. Like I had Heard that week that we had signed a guy to be the backup emergency quarterback, but I didn't know who he was. Right. So we looked at the sideline and Of course this guy's like panicking. He's like, you know, trying to warm his shoulder up, get a couple throws in and the trainers are taking their time on the field, you know, because the quarterback's down, but they don't wanna hurry up because we gotta get this other guy like up to speed and warmed up a little bit. It's a cold day in Pittsburgh. So he trots out on the field after they get Thad Lewis's lifeless body off the field.


Fuck. He comes into the huddle and it's still a TV timeout. And I look around the huddle, I could see in everybody's eyes like nobody knows who this fucking is. And I can feel the tension. I can't wait to hear this cadence for the first time. It's gonna be exciting. I guarantee this will be a sack fucking, fucking blaming me. The guys watching in Japan are thinking that the bozo left tackle there no S right This block. So meanwhile as a fucking quarterback, but I can't say that as a captain, I'm like, okay, I gotta do something here. Right. There's a lot of tension being built here and it's just rising as this time out keeps going on. And so I like, I was like, all right, I gotta say something funny. So I'm like, Hey, nice to meet you. I'm Joe Thomas, I'm your left tackle.


Let's go down the field And Get a fucking score and win this game. You know, I, and everybody laughed and I learned in that moment. His name was Josh Johnson. He ended up playing like a long, He's still playing, still Probably playing somewhere. I think he played for like 14 teams. But anyways, next play. It was third down and I think he threw it in completion and we lost the game. But in my mind, that speech led us to victory. Yeah. And then nothing else in a parallel universe that worked out perfectly. Absolutely. When I write my biography and made do the movie, like we go down and score and win the game and like somehow, like maybe we have a parade because we beat Pittsburgh for the first time. But, but that didn't happen. But either way I got a fun story out of it and I learned who Josh Johnson was.


Yeah. Shout out to Josh Johnson, man, shout out to Josh. Thank you for coming in for one play. You Played against some absolute monsters on defense in your time in the A FC North. Who were the guys that were either like, you're welcome to the NFL moment or like, just like you're playing 'em in their prime and you think of as some of the best defensive players in the NFL from that time. Yeah. So when I was a rookie, the other three teams in the, the A FC North. Yeah. That's crazy. It was, I was going against Justin Smith who I think dude was like one of the first dudes ever to be named First Team All Pro at two positions in the same season. Because he was playing in the three four in San Francisco at the time.


Yeah. And he got named as an all pro at Defensive Tackle and D end, you know, 'cause he played that four four I. So yeah. You know, he got Most and everybody and Vic, he's a D tackle and bass. He's a dn. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So I was going against him. So that was the second game of my career. The first game of my career was James Harrison. I was like, okay. And then the third guy will be Future Hall of Famer Terrell Suggs. So within the, I was playing against like three hall of Famers potentially. I don't know if Justin will make it, but like the other two guys for sure. And it was not, it was not pretty. But you know, you better buckle up your chinstrap like and get your shit right rookie because there's no easy days here in the A FC north. Yeah. I'm Glad you run up Justin. 'cause that was one of the first games I played my rookie year.


But he was in San Fran. Yeah. And I had never really heard, Like I don, he was like high pick for Cincinnati and for some reason he didn't have like a big name around him. And we're getting ready to play the 49 ERs when they had that front where it was like they had him, they had Ray McDonald, they had Navarro, Bowman, Patrick Willis, Alden Smith on the Edge was a monster. They were unreal. And this dude is bull rushing every snap like, you know, bull, that's all you have. How even do, how do even, how do you even have the endurance to do that? Because typically like a bull retro, you're like, all right, I'll stop it. I'll get that like once or twice. I'll get like a real good one from this guy. The rest of the game we're gonna be playing a different type of game. It was ev I'm like, this dude is amazing. This guy's the best player I've ever seen in my life.


I don't know how we're gonna block this guy. He and we didn't played. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. He played Every snap as a DT tackle dn. Like he never came off the field. Right. Like he's as much of an Ironman as anybody in the NFL. And we always said like if there was a, a train wreck and 200 people were involved, like 199 would die. And Justin Smith is gonna dust himself off and walk way Budweiser At the bar Down the street. Yeah. He was just that old school. Like he had an an analyzer Busch tattoo on his arm. He was just an old school country boy. Like all he knew was just playing ball. Gosh. He was good. That's good shit. I know. I mean obviously Trail Suggs, I mean, the biggest head I've ever seen, I think under defensive end, I mean, Came through Kansas City and CA catapult us into the, into the Super Bowl.


Man. There you go. Sizzle was, I was not trying to fucking be in bad protection against him. No thanks. There were some of those old school dudes like Harrison and, and, and Suggs. I mean, don't get me wrong, it's not like they were ever out of their prime. They were good until they stopped playing. But man, some of those dudes could just literally pick me up and move me over. Just like, excuse me, little guy. What was your strategy to stop James Harrison's dipping rip. It was like the most unstoppable move I think I've ever seen anybody have. Where he would just bend real low and then he had the biggest biceps in the world that he just like lift up on. How do you stop that move? What? What? Jason? Jason, You, you were doing that just to show off the guns Baby.


Trust me. I love That. This is you, you get a o lineman on, he's gonna humble you real quick. We keep each other on. That was awesome. I loved it. I think that one of the things that really helped me as an alignment, like I wasn't as big as a lot of guys, but like I took a different game plan and strategy on how I block every single person I went against. And even the same guys from like year to year, I would maybe attack 'em differently, right? Because I knew that in order for me to maintain the upper hand, I had to be different than what they saw in film, different, what they practiced for. So with James, the big key on that dipping rip was like you had to keep space, right? Because the only thing that James really didn't have, right, he was super powerful. He was very short and squatty, which allowed him to get under your pads If you let him get into your body.


And he was really quick too. But he didn't Have length, Didn't have that length. So I knew that that was my advantage. So I just was really, really super conscious of picking my spot on his shoulder pads or on his bicep to be able to hit that spot and extend and keep him away from my body. Because the rip only works as if he's in your body and he's able to get that arm kind of up under, under, under your armpit. Exactly. I mean it makes so much sense. And I've always thought about it similar. It's almost like you're a boxer. Like when you're a shorter boxer, you wanna get into the body when you have the length advantage, use that advantage and keep that guy away from you. And I've always drawn that comparison. I was always the undersized guy. So I'm was I, let me get into this body. All I wanted do is get in the body and grab these tits baby.


Nothing changed from major career for me. That's good. Yeah. A lot easier to do that inside than on the edge. But anyways. When you were blocking a defensive end or an edge rusher, what were the things that you struggled with most? What was like the combinations that gave you the most difficulty in trying to defend, if that is a Yeah, so Sensible question. Yeah. Yeah. I think we'll go with it. I'll try to make some sense out of that. Please. Chicken shit. Make A chicken salad here. Here we go. So what I found really hard was, is if a guy tried to break down your feet and then tried to beat you with power. So for instance, If you get a guy who's wide, right? Yep. Because everything's about angles when you get on the outside, so you got a wide rusher, right?


Yeah. If they just try to beat you around the edge with speed, like I'll be able to keep up with him and push him past the core rack. No problem. Problem. That's what I wanted them to do, right? Sure. Because they're already further away and now they're just trying to outrun me. And in a foot race I can go backwards pretty fucking fast. What I struggled with though is if they were wide, but they rushed from that wide rush position straight at my inside shoulder. Because now what that does, it doesn't allow me to kick back. Because my advantage was like, I know the snap count and my first two kicks are gonna be really fast and long so I can get depth. And then now when I get to that spot, now the quarterback eventually is gonna get to his spot and then now they gotta beat me and they've already wasted a second and a half to get to this spot. Yep.


But if they rush right at my inside shoulder, I can't kick deep because otherwise he just keeps running on a straight line and beats me to the inside. So it, it made me stop my feet. So I'd take, I basically would only get one kick stop my feet and as he's getting closer to me, give the head and shoulders. Yeah. So that kind of usually would break your hands down, like to see that makes you drop your feet, drop your, your hips, your center of gravity. And then when that happened, now he can, now he's basically on my same level. And now if he decides to run around me to the outside, he's faster than me. He's Shortened the edge. He's shortened the edge. Yeah. He's got a better angle to beat you around to the outside. And it's really hard for alignment to go from basically being in a static position in a static spot to all of a sudden accelerating really quickly and trying to pick up to a guy that's running already full speed.


'cause If you imagine a defensive end, he's running full speed now. He's just gotta change the angle that he is running full speed on where my feet are stopped, I am in one position, and now I gotta rapidly accelerate to get to the speed that he's going as he's already running forward and I'm running backwards. And so it was really, really hard when guys would do that because also if they try to give you the head and shoulders and then now they fake, like they're gonna go outside, you're trying to accelerate backwards and now they can go beat you back to the inside. Or If you get on your heels, they can just run you over by just steamrolling you. And they've got a lot of momentum built up from being wide and starting to run really fast and really powerfully right at you. You're, You're such a technician, man, God, love it.


Just to be able to hear you talk about these kind of things. It's awesome. That's so good. And The fact that you approached each game, each player differently, man, it's fascinating stuff, dog. Appreciate it man. Yeah. And I Love it because I feel like a lot of that took it serious a lot, dude, serious. You can tell A lot of, a lot of, I feel like it's like Kevin Green speed to power. Get the tackle moving back and then go through 'em, get 'em off his, like get him moving backwards and retreating. This is like the tilted guy who's running right at you where you can't go back. Shortens that edge. The sh shush. I hate to Like, I don't wanna see this, I don't wanna see all that loves. I don't wanna see all that. No way. You love it. Shush. Call shush, dude, we already talked about the 10,363 consecutive snaps.


We gotta talk about the, the first time you weren't out there on the field, man. How, how hard was that? 'cause you're, you're the Ironman. You, you played through so much. You, you did so much for your team, those teams up front for the Browns, the, the whole line was never the issue. You guys, you always had those guys rocked and ready to play. How was it just not being able to be out there with the guys for that first time? It was really tough. My best friends were my linemen, right? John Greco, Alex Mack, Joel Tonio, Mitchell Schwartz, your boy and Schwartz, he baby Kansas City. Like those were my dudes. And we played a lot of seasons together and we, we had really good offensive lines. Never really got probably the credit we deserved because we just weren't on very good teams. Never ran for like a ton of yards.


'cause we never had that, that dude as a running back at one point in my career, it was me and Joel. I don't know how many pro bowls we got between the two of us. Alex Mack, I think he made six or seven Greco should have made a pro bowl. And then you got Mitchell Schwartz who made like four or five all pros. So like, yeah, We had a Lot, we had a lot of hardware there between all of us. And so no Studs. Yeah, The, the hardest thing like line linemen there are so close and tight ends are sort of an extension of the offensive line. And you know, those are usually the closest rooms on a football team. And so I almost, you, you have this like feeling inside of you, not that you betrayed him or you let him down, but like that was the almost the feeling and the emotion that was coming out of me when I couldn't be out there anymore because it was just such a thing that I took for granted and didn't even think about.


Like, Hey, do I go and strap it back up and play this week? I'm, I don't know, I'm kind of banged up. I got MCL sprain. Like that never crossed my mind. It was just like, I got a job to do. I'm gonna show up and do my job and I can use all in my brain space now to think about how I'm gonna beat this guy. Rather than wondering like, Ooh, am I healthy enough to play? Can I go out there? I don't know, should I sit down Like that never crossed my mind. And I Think it helped me, but then that moment it's gone. There was like some mental health issues that I had to deal with of feeling like I let those guys around me down and, you know, even though the team sucked, like I still had that really strong connection with the fan base and I had that same feeling with them. Like, You know, I felt like I always owed it to them to go out and give my best and do whatever I can to try to turn this thing into a winner because they're so loyal, so passionate.


And I wanted to give them that gratitude by going out and playing great ball. So it was, it was really, really hard dealing with that. And I, I did whatever I could with the team trying to help the other linemen, you know, prepare for games, watching film for them, taking notes. And the one benefit I would say for me is it was Miles Garrett's rookie year. So I was able to really spend a lot of time with Miles. Gosh. And help him see the game from an offensive tackles perspective. Right? So, Damn you Joe. Damn you Joe. Sorry about that guys. I wasn't gonna do that until I was definitely outta the league. But yeah, I would write him scouting reports and I would give him like, Hey, okay, this is what this guy's good at, this is what he's not good at.


This is the rush I think he should feature, but don't do it at the beginning of the game. Set him up first two quarters and then in the second half when the game's on the line, now you pull out your best stuff and then you give him what you've been giving him and then you'll probably beat him. And then, you know, turns out he's also a really ridiculously fucking good athlete. You can kind do whatever ask him to do, which is you can just do whatever. Just go out there and have fun miles. Yeah. Go him Fricking, he's like a scorpion a girl. Like I, it's unreal. But to that point, To that point though, it is, it's fascinating how much guys come into the league and they don't necessarily understand what guys on the other side of the ball are being taught. It's one thing to understand what cupboards they're in, what front they're in, but it's a whole nother like, level of preparation to understand how you're being defended in routes.


How this guy's gonna use his hands or use his, use his moves throughout the day in terms of pass rush. And that really that I, that one a hundred percent took my game to the next level. Asking guys like Eric Berry about coverages, about his leverages asking dbs, you know, where, what are you thinking in this sort of coverage? You know, going up to a guy like spas, the defensive coordinator in KC and asking him, you know, later in the game, what are you thinking in big time situations? It's just you, you, you ask the right questions to the right guys and you're going to, you're gonna see yourself progress down the line. And Miles had a fucking hall of famer sitting right there telling him what they, I mean that's his fucking cheat code in itself, let alone how athletic that dude is.


Man. Yeah man, I, I tried to be a psychologist, right? I wanted to know what those that dude was thinking. I wanna know who his girlfriend was. I wanted to know what he ate for breakfast. Like, 'cause I felt like that's how you slow the game down and as you get older you get to be a shitier athlete. But like, if, if your brain's speeding up, you can play faster. Yep. And that's how guys are able to stick around, especially on the old line a lot longer than their athletic ability should allow 'em is because the game's just moving so slow for them because they know everything that's going on and they can see things before they happen. Absolutely. Let's talk a little bit international football. Fuck yeah. We've been in Germany for there for almost a full year, right? Yep. Yep. Where, So we knew This Uni Ravens baby. There We go. Yeah baby. How, How was the experience?


I Amazing. Yeah, amazing Was Okay. I was trying to twist your arm to come over and hang out. I trust me out. I know you, I wanted it to so bad. Lots of stuff going on, but a great time. And Munich is just an incredible city. It's in southern Germany and Bavaria it's right, right on the edge of the alp. So like when I wanted to go over and coach American football in Europe, obviously I wanted to scratch the itch of coaching. I wanted to all my kids to experience living abroad, living international, like challenge them, put 'em in uncomfortable situations. Like my kids made 'em play rugby whenever they were my daughter, my 10-year-old daughter playing rugby with the boys. And so cool. That's awesome. Like I wanted to do all those things because I thought it would make 'em better people, we'd have a great experience to be able to travel, but I, I really wanted to have an opportunity to go and coach professionals, coach adults without having the time commitment that it takes to be like an NFL coach.


I really wanted to impact players that loved the game. And it was really, really fun because these guys are basically playing for peanuts. You know, they, they're not getting paid but a few hundred euros every month to go out there and they're working regular jobs. And so it was so joyful because these dudes had talent. They just didn't have the coaching, they didn't have the resources growing up. So you could take a guy that was here and throughout the course of the season, you're seeing significant improvement every single week. Oh that's not a single single time. Do you ever have to ask 'em for more effort? You never have to ask 'em to focus. Right. Because they're signing up to do this for nothing. They wouldn't be there if they weren't obsessed with the game of football. That's awesome man. So we all of these guys like German football players or were there any like international like us players playing over there?


Yeah. Yeah. So go ahead. Sorry. I'm sorry. Cut you off. That was poor, poor guesting right there on my part. Cut his ass off. Fuck that guy. I'm off. I'm an idiot. Don't worry about it. No, no. But in the ELF European League of Football, so every team is allowed for Americans, typically it's quarterback receiver and then two dbs, right. Because those are the positions that are harder to find in Europe. Sure. But all my offensive linemen were German guys. You're allowed a certain number of players outside of the country that your team is based in. But lineman is what Germany does best. That was other reason I wanted to go there. Right. So yeah Baby. Yeah. All German guys, which is cool 'cause you got to get a little flavor of the German culture.


Take up a little bit of like those slang the language and started to understand them a little bit more. And you filling Up on those schnitzels or what? Dude, Lots of schnitzel. Mid Thomas, lots of hell beer. Like you Were living in that country, which is such a different two Nurse. Yeah. Then if you're just vacationing or just traveling as a tourist. I love it. Is Europe ready for the NFL? What, what was your, what was your takeaway from Germany? Do they love football? Oh man, they are obsessed with football news. Really obsessed with the NFL dude. Like well we played over there, it was fucking, it was pretty, it was through the roof and that was Frankfurt. So I can only imagine what a big city like Munich is. Yeah, man. Like you guys are freaking heroes. Like I didn't get noticed much over there, but like you two guys are fucking kings over there.


It is so cool. Just seeing how popular the game is. Right? They love it. They're obsessed And the NFL's done a great job putting games over there, giving them a feel of what an NFL game looks like from a fan experience. But also like on the field, what we do every day, the gladiators that we are, or I, I used to be going out there putting your body on the line for your team. Like they totally get it. Like it, it really resonates with the German mindset, the German culture, the teamwork aspect, the sacrifice, the toughness, the way that the game is violent. Like it's just perfect for them. And I think that was really what sparked my interest in going to Munich because I worked the Munich game for the NFL network and I got to be in that stadium Allian s Arena and I was like, holy shit, these dudes love this thing.


Like I gotta get over here and be part of it. Yeah. That's awesome. Did you do Octoberfest while you were over there? I just gotta ask. I've always wanted to go. We gotta ask, we gotta ask. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, we did a Couple times. Yeah. Tell us about it. Tell us about It's a great party. It's a great party. Octoberfest. It's time is so fun. It was cool. So you gotta buy tables like it's really hard to get, like you gotta know somebody and thankfully our special teams coach over there, Tom, he was head of security for It's Always the teamers, isn't it? That's right. That's it's always the teamers. He was the Head of security for one of the big beer companies. And So we had a couple tables. That's dope. So we, it was right after a season, so actually I, I was there and had all of our team got 'em all together, you know, bought 'em all the beers and stuff.


'cause these guys are basically poor college kids. So we, we did the whole deal. We had a like 20 or 30 of the guys from the team there and we celebrated the end of the season the way you're supposed to with good goodger, German Helles beer polka and some fuck and schnitzel. We, we blew it up. It was a, it was a tremendous time. And when you get that experience with the locals, like you're getting the, the proper experience. Hell yeah. That's fucking awesome Dude. You're, you're our only connect to October Fest So we might be hitting you up here in a few years. I got you Guys. Yeah, let's go. We might back in the fall. So let's do this. Let's do it.


Thank you to our partner DRAFT KINGS. That's right. The NBA playoffs have officially begun. Let's have you construct a same game parlay extra of your favorite picks. Sure. For those who are unfamiliar, same game. Parlay Extra is a parlay with at least two of the bets from one game and at least one pick from a different game. That's how it works. Alright, where do we wanna start here Brandon, Here's what I'm gonna do. Since last week you didn't love my little bets. You were like, oh I don't like little bets. I didn't say I didn't. You were out on 'em. I could read your face. So here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna do friend of the show Donovan Mitchell. We're gonna go more 25 and a half points. Love it. Love it. I'm always fan of overs. I believe in playoff Donovan. And I'm gonna go Steph Curry more also 25 and a half. Steph Curry is absolute demon in the playoffs. Maybe my favorite athlete to watch. So we need one more pick from that same game. Ooh. Okay. Okay. Okay. So either Miami Cleveland or Golden State Houston. Let's go Tyler Hero more. 23 and a half points. Let's throw him in there. Love it. That's what I've built. Enjoy. If you bet $5 on this and you hit it big you'da, you'd get some pretty good coin because parlays, that's how they work. They kind of compound. It's compounding betting payout. Alright, check out all of the odds for the playoffs and more on DRAFT KINGS Sportsbook. Now that everyone knows about the some of the awesome bets that are available on DRAFT KINGS, you are ready to watch the games, which are gonna be even more exciting 'cause you have money on 'em If you so choose. Anyways, those of you who haven't checked out the DRAFT KINGS app, you can get a new customer offer all new customers who bet $5 will get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings app and sign up using promo code new Heights. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawable. Pick six Credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


Thank you to our partner Boris Head. You Know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean perfect sandwich. I'm not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. If you want deli meats, Boris head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey, Don't even get me started on their ever roasted chicken. The craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. All right, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going an extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some Boris head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean I guess parm. Ah, some shep fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce, put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy. Then mayonnaise, a healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard, but it depends on how what hot sauce you're working with Bour said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, Boar's head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham or literally anything else they make. You're gonna get the real deal. Heavier Local boar head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boris Head committed to craft since 1905.


Kingsford.


Thank you to our partner Kingsford. That's right. Are you missing those game day vibes? Here's a hot take. Tailgating isn't just for football season guys. I'm talking about bringing that legendary parking lot party energy to everything. Think about it. You know, you get kids soccer, match dance recitals, you know, you get fire ups and kings for charcoal at any of these events. That's a beautiful thing about charcoal. You take a, you take that grill in your car and you can just have a cookout wherever you want. Any place can be memorable. Not just sports. Things like baseball practice. You can do this at, I mean really any place. I mean If you got the grill and the charcoal, I mean unless you don't have right to be on that land, you can tailgate wherever you want. It's the beauty of It. That is the beauty of tailgating. It's the community it creates. It's about turning every day of every moment into celebrations. And let's be honest, nothing beats authentic wood-fired, flavored Kingsford original charcoal. Just change a baby's diaper. Fire up the grill baby. We gotta celebrate time to celebrate this dirty diaper with some hot dogs and some hamburgers cooked on a good old fashioned American company. Charcoal Kingsford. That's right. So fire up that grill, gather your people and make any day a tailgate day because with Kingsford the party never has to end All.


We're gonna get to a section we call, we gotta ask during this section. You don't have to answer. You can tell us to fuck off or we're just going to do like a rapid fire list of questions. Ready? Nice. Were you ever going to play a position other than offensive line? So in college I played some defensive end and I played tight end. But they saw how fast I was. So they moved me to offensive line. That's how it always works really quickly. Was it always gonna be football? I was actually more of a basketball guy until I stopped growing up and started growing out. So when I was 14, I was six seven and then I never grew another inch. So I realized, Damn. Were you I was about to say, were you getting looks through high school or? So I had like some small offers like walking on Wisconsin, Marquette, like some small offers, scholarship like Holy Cross and some other Holy Cross.


Yeah. You're like, okay, I could go play hoops at Holy Cross or I could play football at Notre Dame or Wisconsin or Miami. You're like usc. I'm like, okay, I get it. You, you're, you're telling me without telling me that it's gonna be football, But do you think you could have played in the NBA? Hell no. I was not that good. I was just a hustle guy. I could get some rebounds. You mean solid? Solid in the or on the block or what? Yeah. That's awesome. Coach. Who had the biggest impact on your game? Probably George War Hop. He was the offensive line coach I had the longest during my career. He was tough. He was very technically sound. He forced you to just do an unbelievable amount of homework and notes and extra individual like, you know, probably like St. Stalin, like all those things.


Right? But at the end of the day, you respect him, you love him like a father and he can be safely say like he had an outsized impact and you wouldn't be where you were when your career was over without him touching your life. You're inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2023. How did you find out you got in? It was a very special day. So Walter Jones, who was my idol growing up, came to the door, knocked on the door, had no idea that I was going to have the messenger man show up at the door at that time because Up until that moment they used to bring you down to the Super Bowl in a hotel room and then they would knock and like say congratulations. So they'd call you and say Sorry you didn't make it, which sucked.


'cause your family's there and everything and then you gotta fly home. So they changed it my year where they actually called your wife, talked to her, like set it up, make sure you're at home so they could surprise you at home. And so I was actually, we were, she told me we were gonna go to dinner. We, it was Friday nights, we were gonna go to a fish fry with the neighbors, you know, so I was kind of like farm. We always got fish involved. Always got fish, always fish involved. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I was out at the farm doing my cattle stuff for Hall of Fame beef during the day. And I got home and I was kind of dirty so I I was just in my underwear and she's like, Hey, we gotta go to dinner, you gotta get changed pretty quick. I'm like, don't worry about it. Like, she's like, come, come into the the kitchen, we gotta talk about something. Schedule eyes. And she's like, but put your clothes on.


I'm like, why? Like I, I'll do that after we have our little meeting. She's like, no, you can't come in here unless you have your your pants on. And I'm like, alright, whatever. Like, it's always gotta be Your way, doesn't it? Geez. And so like, I got scenes, I Went in there and she was just trying to get me away from the door because she didn't want me to see like all the cameras show up and she wanted so good, like that surprise factor. And it was so cool because my kids were in the kitchen with us. We were having a family meeting. And so the kids run around the, the, the hall and they see everybody through the door. So they see Walter Jones, he's wearing his gold jacket. They see the film crew and they just burned back to me and started screaming, daddy, You made the whole fame. I like it.


The water works. It was just so Special. That's awesome. Fuck yeah man. Man, that's the best. Damn. That's a good story. What is the best great lake Lake best fishing man. There we Go. It's, it's fish Factory. It is love. That's love. I say baby, I love it. It was perch fry. Ooh, come on, let's go. The University of Wisconsin Madison was named one of the nation's top party schools. Something that a lot of people wouldn't necessarily assume. Earning the number six spot on the Wall Street Journals list of best party schools in the US for 2025. Does it live up to the reputation? It does. I'm disappointed that it slipped because when I was there we were number one Every year I had an outsized influence On that rating.


Yeah. And it Is Pasta man. The people there, they just want to have a good time and they're not afraid to drink some beer. Love. Hell yeah. Fuck yeah. You got shit for playing with baggy pants. Are you aware of this, Joe? Yes. I loved it. Can You explain why you chose to wear baggy pants? So I loved it. I wore baggy pants because I'm all about function, not fashion. As you can see, I am all about, all right, how do I get this fat dude to go as quickly as that skinny fast dude. Yes. And if you're wearing those tight pants that show off these, these great legs and great ass that I never, never had, I had the nas at all. Like there was, there was no ass in those pants. Like it's kind of hard to move, especially If you throw like the knee leaves and the knee braces and all the gear in the kit you're wearing underneath.


Oh yeah. It slows you down a lot. So I always thought, you know what, what's the quickest, most nimble thing on on planet earth? It's the ninja, right? Yeah. Did you do Tight stand dex pants? No. No. Don't They wear those nice, comfy, baggy joggers. Right? So I was like, Gimme, go into the courtroom, Give me the largest pants you have. And we had a guy named Ishmail Kitchen who was like a nose guard maybe 5 11, 6 foot, yeah. Three 50 ish Big boy. And I wore a pants size that was too bigger than him. So You Know that I was really, really stretching it. And I actually had to have 'em put it like elastic sticky, like I know what you mean.


So on. Yeah. On the inside of my pants so they wouldn't fall Down. Which they Would've fall down. That's fucking money. Shout out to all the equipment guys making it work, man. I was doing the same thing Right now. They don't make pants big enough. No. Even If you go like a, like a size 40 or 42 waist, they still ride up over your knees. And I'm a big, my fucking knees have to be covered. Yes. All dudes are doing like guys are fucking putting their helmet right on my fucking these. Exactly. I need that. I need those fucking things covered. That's right. And I still wear those old school pads that look like thigh pads in the knees. Yes. But no, they were, they were like extending 'em like an extra like three or four inches because they weren't fucking making 'em long enough. Man, shout out to all the equipment guys. Yeah.


By all these young Gen Xers, gen Zs, whoever they are. Like, are they teasing you for your pants? They more so teased me for fucking throwing a fit when they shrink. Just like, oh, here goes The fucking old guy getting all pissed off because his pants don't fit. I'm just like, Oh. So good. All right. You've said it took you four hours to play for a game. What was your pre-game process? Well, I won't waste all four hours telling you what it was, but it was very long because I was always one of the first guys that got there and I would always make sure I go on the field first because I, I wanted a little moment of serenity before anybody was in the stadium to go on the field and just absorb it. And just appreciate the fact that I get to go play in an NFL state. Fuck yeah man. I like so few people in the world that get to do this and they're gonna pay me to do this today.


Yeah. You know, that was sort of me like telling myself this is worth it to go out and like shred your body for Three half hours. Yeah. Destroy myself. Yeah. Yeah. Go out there where there's absolutely no upside whatsoever. If I play the world's greatest game as a left tackle, nobody knows we're O 15, but it's worth it. We're 15 looking about one stack. We've talking About it for three fucking years. Yeah. So It was that one moment at the beginning where I'd be like, all right, this is really cool. And I would just kind of walk around, didn't have any of my stuff on yet and just take it in. Check the field too. That was important. Like trying to figure out exactly, you know, how my cleats were like was everything proper? You know, how cold is it? Where's the wind? And stuff like that. Then went back inside, took a shower, then it was a long time in the training room, you know, a hot tub if they had it.


And then putting all the equipment on just took forever. 'cause I was wearing two knee sleeves, elbow sleeves or elbow braces, you know, all the other stuff that you normally put on taping the ankles, the whole deal. And then I even took it a step further. The only other thing I'll mention out of all the stuff that I, I usually did was, you know, the QDA, the quick drying adhesive that they spray in your ankles before they tape it. Yeah. So I took a, a bottle of that and I would spray the bottom of my feet and then I would spray my legs so that when I put my knee sleeves on, they wouldn't slide slide and my socks wouldn't slide down. Right. Because it's nothing more annoying than your socks sliding down and have to deal with it. It's the worst if they find you for one stupid, I don't wanna give up my money to Roger Goodell stupid.


But then I also sprayed the bottom of my socks because inside my shoe, one thing that happened early on in my career that I fucking hated was like, it gets hot, you're sweaty and your feet start slid, Slid, start sliding. It's the worst. They Slide and then you can't feel the ground the way you need to. Like I always thought of myself like an eagle. Yeah. Like my feet were the talons and I was gripping the ground and that gave me the balance and the agility that I needed. And so when I figured out how to like spray basically my whole body and sticky stuff so I wouldn't slide at all. That was, that was the next level. And then on top of that I would, I would be like a bunch of tape on my hand so that I was like a boxer, You know, I was like a ninja turtle taping the, the fingers together. Yeah. And then taping the thumbs so your thumbs don't get screwed up. So it took a long time. Just put all that stuff on, Just spraying the sticky shit on you.


Like it's sunscreen or something. Just sh Oh That's, that's stunk. That stunk too. Like there's definitely some cancer warnings in that shit. Oh Yeah. It's alright. We've done horse right? Yeah. I used to do something, sorry. I would also set like little alarms. I would have my phone, I would set alarms at every 15 minutes to like, all Right, now I'm gonna get my ankles taped. Now I'm gonna take my pre-workout. Now I'm gonna take my fingers. Now I'm gonna like warm up now I'm gonna do this and and speak. I used to hate that foot thing Under Armour made a cleat insole that was like rubber for like a couple years. Oh yeah. And I just like scoured all of these cleats just so I could get this like I hate the cloth that's on top. Oh, why wouldn't on cloth?


That doesn't make sense. No sense. Exactly. Stupid. Yep. Dumb. Alright, well we agree on that. Speaking of dumb, we're gonna get to our next segment. No dumb questions. Boom, boom. Pick your favorites. We can either do liquid out of fingers. What the fuck does this mean? Brandon Of it mean Derby Horse. Nobody knows anything. Alright, let's do Kentucky Horse. First off, Tell Joe what this is. Tell Joe what the segment is. It's These are questions from fans. Fair. Thank you Brandon. You're the best as always. You can. Awesome. Oh, Your friends are Here. You're be nice to me. What is that shirt? I'm always nice. You're my best friend. What is that? Steal? Still rocking. Still kicking. Alright. There he goes. Still kicking from My local liquor store.


Love that. How many bottles of booze do you gotta buy to get a free t-shirt From the local Liquor store? Bro, my Pa my parents watch this show so we're not gonna answer that one. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. They have a Wonderful wine club. All right. Alright, so no dumb questions. Is fan submitted questions that are usually really stupid but we call them not dumb to encourage people to feel comfortable enough to submit really stupid questions. We have one question that's gonna be related to liquid out of fingers. We have another question that's gonna be related to Kentucky Derby horse name. We have another one related to NFL team of other pro athletes.


I don't know what. Okay. And or Scottish sports. Which one of those is speaking to you most? Joe, Let's go Scottish Sports. You know Scott? Scott, you, this is, here We go. We Dive into that. This is why we need more linemen on this show. Yes. Alright. Scottish Sports. Hi, hit us Braden. Hi Jason and Travis calling from Glasgow, Scotland. Here. Just a dumb question is, what would you do If you would come to Scotland? What sports event? Which undertake all the best? Wow. First of all, love the accent. I mean I've, I've, if we have Scottish people calling in Brandon, they get first right of any of the questions. I don't care what they ask. Hear that Joe. It is.


You're the guest. You have the honors. How do you want answer that? Yeah, if you're going to Scott Scotland. What, what? What sport you playing? Yeah, I mean golf is the easy one. But I was over in Ireland for Alex Max's wedding a few years ago and they played this game called like hurling. It's kind of like a rugby dude. Lacrosse. Lacrosse. Yeah. Dude, that game is fucking lit. I was charged. Hey, Go ahead, please. Dude, We weren't, we were, we were talking about, we were talking about like bucket list items. One of my bucket list items is to go to like, I was thinking about it afterwards, didn't say it in the show, but to go to one of these games. But like the Olympics version of this like the, like the World Cup version of this.


Like I don, I wanna see the best of the best. Yes. Go at it with this shit because it is absolutely electric. Jason, do you know what he is talking about? I actually, so where I live in Philadelphia is one of the biggest Irish like collections of like a population like direct descendant. So they have like leagues of hurling and actually another sport in Ireland that's really popular called Gaelic football. Yeah. Which is like, yeah. So you play it with like a ball, you kinda have to kick it every two steps where that's a version of dribbling. But then you, I don't know, I don't really understand all the rules behind. I watched it once. Pretty cool. But hurling is very interesting. Seems really hard. I played lacrosse. Yeah. Seems like much easier to put that ball on a net than like balancing it on a wooden stick.


I don't really understand how that's Possible. Yeah, yeah. And it's probably incredibly derogatory and offensive that we've just taken Scottish court. I wasn't gonna say good in Scotland. I wasn't gonna say it, but I'm like, I'm pretty sure this is not the same area. The only Scottish, the only Scottish sports I know are golf and the Scottish strongman games. I forget what Highland Games. Yeah, Highland Games. Thank you. Yeah, that would be sick. I would love to see that. They Like throw the pole in the kilts and they're like throwing it over their heads and they gotta get it to like flip. I'd be into that for sure. Trav, what do you got? That sounds like a renaissance fair. I'm just gonna go golf since you guys didn't go golf.


Go over there. Play some fucking golf, man. All right, so liquid out of fingers, Kentucky Derby horse name or NFL team of other pro athletes, which That's liquid out of fingers. 'cause I'm very curious. What the hell? I'm curious. Hit it. Hit it. Brandon. Hi Jason and Travis, I just have one question for you. If you five fingers to dispense infinite liquid, what would your five liquids be? So for example, mine are reta, gasoline to put gas in your car, water, coffee, and Titos. Yeah. What would your guys', five. Thank you. Love the Show. Love it. I love it.


Awesome. Good question. I like this. This out the Box question. That's a solid question. Yeah. Alright, Joe, again, you are the guest. You do the honor, sir. Unless you would prefer to go last. I, I mean, No, I I, I'll do it. So I'm gonna try to count to five. Hell is beer. How Us beer. All Right. Being in Germany fell in love with that beer. Coffee. That's non-negotiable. I'm gonna go diesel fuel because I spend a hell of a lot of money on diesel fuel out at the farm. Like that's a big check every month. Smart. Just put your finger in the, yep. Yep. Filling up again. Yep. Here we go. Just gonna Tractor another 300 gallons for nothing. See There kids On that. Dude, I love this. This should Be our first one.


Free diesel for life. And Then let's see, water. Is that four or five? We need Brandon to get that. That's four. That's Four. And then the last one, milk. Because whole milk. My kids drink an insane amount of whole milk. I got four kids and so I think we go through like a gallon a day Right now. My oldest is only 12 and when I was in high school, I think I drank a gallon every day by myself. So Oh my god, That's lot of money that's move. So we would go through about two gallons a week, but not a gallon a day. That's pretty intense. What, talk about you, you've brought up Helles Beer. The only reason I know what Helles beer is is because I had this like brew game on my phone and you had to like brew different beers and Helles was one of the beers.


What kind of beer is a Helles beer? Do you play a brew game on your phone instead of Liket toe or, I'm super, super weird. Man tac like most people. That's amazing. I love it. I, I need to check out that app, but I'll send it to you. It's yes, it's, yeah. Yeah. That sounds awesome. Yeah, so the Helles beer is like the beer of at least southern Germany, but down in Bavaria where I was coaching in Munich and it's fantastic. It's like the most clean, clear, crisp, crisp, refreshing. Yeah, it's like just amazingly refreshing. Like a blonde lagger that's just fantastic. They have the German purity laws, so they're only allowed to use a few ingredients. So it's like very consistently awesome. Yeah. No matter where you go, there's like no preservatives. So it's not something that you can get in a lot of places.


Like it's usually outta the keg and it's fresh from the brewery and it's basically kind of, it was my water that I drank every day when I was living. I love It. All right, I guess I'll go. I'll go water. I'm not gonna steal diesel gasoline. Man, that's a freaking great answer. I wanna steal it so bad. Yeah, That was good. I didn't go that far. Gosh. All right, so I'll go water, beer. I'll go drink garage beer because that's our beer, Travis. And I own a beer company, So we gotta go drive. Yeah. You guys should brew a hellas, man. I love that. Ooh, all Talking us into it. I love this. Alright, go it. We gotta, alright. The Joe Thomas Helles brought to you by Garage beer. Get on it guys. So we got beer. We got water. What other liquids do I consume on a regular basis?


I'll go. Gasoline was a great one too. Coffee. Why did that take me so long? Coffee. That's 'cause I didn't have any coffee. I need some coffee. I'll go Whey protein. 'cause I spend a bunch of money on whey, on whey protein. It's not a, all right, Once you mix it up, it's still liquid, right? Yeah, That's So what do I, I go, I go with the pre-made drink, whatever that is. Yeah. All right. Yeah, There you go. Fair Life. Fair Life Protein, rich protein or whatever. Shout out to Fair Life. There's your free advertising for the day. Fabulous Plug. And then I'll go Milk, but I'm gonna go cereal milk.


I'm gonna go Reese's Peanut Butter Puff's. Milk. Gimme the Chocolate. Delicious. That was pretty good. Go Ahead tr Alright, I'm going to the, the drinks that I drink every single fucking day. So I'm going ACCELERATOR Active Energy. I'm Active Energy Drink. I'm going recover 180, which is my favorite sports hydration drink. I'm going Zen Water because Zen Water's the, it's got really good HP levels. And what else am I going, oh, I'm going Casa Azu tequila. My favorite tequila. It's the most purest blue agave. No fucking added bullshit.


And my last one, garage beer. I'm going Lime garage beer. That perfect. Perfect. All right. Travis is a walking billboard for all the great Makes all the money in the family on marketing. Alright, before, first of all, that was no dumb questions. You can submit your no dumb questions in the comments on social or give us a call at nine two nine three nine nine seven two six. Joe, this is all we got for you, but I do have one more question. You're wearing the shirt, we haven't talked about it yet. How's Hall of Fame beef going? How do you like being a cattle rancher? Yeah, totally. Farmer. You gotta sell, 92% is exactly What it's a rancher or a farmer. Which, which, no. So typically ranchers are people that raise cattle.


But in Wisconsin, where my farm is, where I grew up, like they call any land, any AG land is a farm, right? Yeah. So I am conflicted. I don't know if I'm a rancher or a farmer, but I just generally call myself a farmer. But it's been going great. Like 2007, my kids told me they wanted some pet cows for the farm and I was like, okay, but we're gonna have to eat 'em because I love eating beef. And like if we're gonna raise these things, we might as well enjoy it. Yeah. So I started with five and then the first year we raised, we ate, it turns out it was fantastic. Whatever we did, we like nailed it. Found lightning in a bottle right off the bat. I gave it to a buddy who's a James Beard chef in Madison. And it was just like, Hey, what do you think? He cooked it up, thought it was fantastic, said it was better than any of the stuff that he gets in the restaurant supply from all these, oh, that's awesome.


Fancy cattle ranches. And so then that's when like the, the brain started working overtime. Like, Hey man, maybe I could make this like a business. This is too good to just keep to myself. And so we've been just kind of going full bore since then. We're raising Wagyu beef, which is like you do Wagyu eight five oh Japanese beautiful stuff. We're raising Angus beef Right now and we're selling direct consumer. We got like these amazing beef sticks for the kids. So like, I'm getting a lot out of it. That was my question. Yeah, yeah. I wanted to know, is it Angus? Is it Angus Hereford crosses, like what are we working with? Black Angus? Yeah, So we have Black Angus ALS Right now. Okay. And like we're kind of shifting the herd as we're like improving genetics. I'm, I'm trying to treat these things like pro athletes.


I'm trying to think of like, I know what it takes to have high performance, what it takes to be at your best to grow the most muscle and strength and power and all those outputs. And so we're like, Hey, these are our pro athletes. So we need to reduce the stress. We need to figure out from a nutritionist what's all the nutrition that they possibly can have so that they're the healthiest beef for us and for themselves. They have the most marbling, so the best buttery mouthfeel possible. We raise them on the banks of the Blue River. We got this amazing pasture on our farm. We keep really, really low density. So their stress is really low. Wow. Everything we feed 'em is raised on our farm and they're born on our farm. And from the day they go to heaven, they live in our place.


So we think that we're raising some really great stuff. And it's kind of been a passion project. When you retire, you gotta have some purpose somewhere, you know? Like hell yeah. So many guys, they just wander in the wilderness. They don't have that purpose. And for me it's like, all right, I wanna see if I can raise the best beef on planet earth. And so yeah, being a Hall of Famer, I was like, Hey man, let's name this hall of Fame beef and see if we can find a way to raise the best beef on planet earth. So it's been a lot of fun. And I'm, and and I was chatting up with Emily REESE, the great Emily Reese who was great. Emily Shout out to Emily. I was working with her at Under Armour way back in the day and she said that you got a beef company too. So maybe we need a good old fashioned like beef measuring contest. Well Figure out like Travis, you know, we both give him steaks and then he cooks them up and then we get a rating here.


That's where I have a feeling you're gonna kick my ass. But I would love to learn a lot of tricks of the tray. We're just getting started with it. Like you said, you need hobbies and I love beef, you just explaining this. I want a steak so bad Right now. I can't even explain it. So Yes. Yeah, I'm all in on that. I would love to learn something from you in hall of of Fame beef and get together on that Since you haven't decided on your breed. Like we've we're gone down that genetic rabbit hole already. So maybe I send you some embryos and some semen of the old hall of Fame beef wa you, and then you can kind of like take that and explode. That'd be fun. That would give me great joy. So if I could send you some of my semen. Dude, I'm in the moment. You said semen. Absolutely.


You guys are fucking, Travis Is like, I'm not laughing at that. That's not you guys. You guys are having an old Beef Off Right now, man. A big old artistic dude. Joe, hall of Fame player to Hall of Fame, beef to Hall of Fame. Dude, man, y'all remember going on your show back in, I can't even tell you when we're going on Radio Row and hanging out with you and Andrew Hawkins on Tomahawk. Dude, you've paved the way for so many guys on the field off the field. Keep being you brother and thank you for, for joining us and thank you for everything you did for Cleveland Man. From one Clevelander to somebody who lit up the city. Brother. Thank you man. Hell yeah. Well thank you guys so much man. It was, it was truly a pleasure being on here today as the best part of my week.


You know, when you get a chance, that's what I loved about doing a podcast. You go on with some buddies and you just have a great chat that's uninterrupted by phones. 'cause you gotta turn that shit off and all the distractions of daily life and you get to just chop it up with some good friends. So truly thank you guys so much for having me on. It was a blast, My Man. Hell yeah. Awesome. Enjoy, enjoy this weekend out in Old Green Bay brother. I'm sure it'll be a fucking blast getting back around the game, man. Alright, that wraps up another episode in New Heads. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to New Heights so you know when all the new episodes are coming out. And make sure you're on the Wondery app or wherever it gets podcasts to keep on listening. We will be back next week with draft reactions And a huge Guest.


Woo hoo. Gotta love a huge guest. You know it baby draft Reactions like the draft is just a slot machine for the NFL Chaching Chaching. It's just everybody's playing, you know, GA slots. Yeah, like it's like Right now. Slots. Slots.


You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the One app Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Suave Men. No nonsense motherfuckers. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to our production and crew for those clips and for making this edits so much better than what it really was. And thank you to the 92 Percenters always for listening in. Hope you love Joe Thomas. Appreciate you Big Tom. Big big Joey. Tom. Shout out to Cleveland. Follow new Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Everyone has that friend who seems kind of perfect for Patty. That friend was test away until one day I Texted her and she was not getting the text. So I went to Instagram and she has no Instagram anymore and Facebook. No Facebook anymore. Dee was gone and there was one person who knew the answer. I Am a spiritual person, a magical person, which A gorgeous Brazilian influencer called Cat to but who was hiding a secret from Wondery based on my smash. Hit podcast from Brazil. Comes a new series, don't Cross Cat, about a search that led me to a mystery in a Texas suburb. I'm calling To check on the two missing Brazilian girls. Maybe get some undercover crew there. The family Are freaking out. They are locked. I'm, you can listen to Don't Cross Cat on the Wonder Rehab or wherever you get your podcasts.