
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free Right. now Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple Podcasts.


I'm just like in the moment listening to the song. All of a sudden I go on Twitter and I see this fucking picture like I'm not even sleeping. And I can prove it to you. You know I play jazz sometimes when you close your eyes, Dude, I'm every jazz solo I ever saw you play. I love Sexy Sacks.


Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. A Wondery show produced by Wave, Sports and Entertainment. Yeah baby. And brought to you by Peloton Find. your push Find your power. Push Peloton.


We're your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey out of Cleveland Heights Ohio. Hence new Heights. And shout out to the old Bear Cats back on the bunny train a couple weeks in a row, man. We are rolling Right now, how about that? It's fun watching the Cats. But back to New Heights. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus or wherever you get your podcast. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show. That is with one s Jason. Why don't you tell the people about this amazing episode? Oh, we Got an incredible episode lined up here. We're gonna talk about the Chiefs staying undefeated in the Super Bowl rematch against San Fran. Se squad's. Big return to the Meadowlands. We're also gonna get into time out of the house.


That's right. In particular my time outta the house. We're also be joined by legend CC Saba. How about that baby former Cleveland Guardian? To be honest, i I I kind of, I kind of like the guards. I like the Guardians. I'm Gonna be very honest. I don't think Guardians is a good team name. I get that. It's the guardian thing. Guardians of the two statues. The two statues on the bridge. I would rather have been the Cleveland statues. I think that's cooler than Cleveland. I do not like the Cleveland Guardians on bit. Just being honest. I don't know about the statues, dude. The Cleveland Pillars. The Cleveland Stones. Like I don't like it could have been so many other things. I said Guardians is a stupid name. I don't like the Guardians. I don't know why You think Carnegie Bridge. Yeah, exactly.


The, I mean, I don't know. I just, We're not gonna get in on this man. I'm with it, man. I don't like that one. I don't like Commanders Because I Don back to the Cleveland spiders. I'm too old now that I just don't like new names. Yeah. What are other expansion names? Like dude, the, I mean, I'm still waiting on the Utah Hockey Club dude. To, to get a name man. Just be the Yeti man. Come on Man. Yeti's would've been great. Come on. Like Yeti's would've nailed The Utah Yeti. That shit Sounds sweet. And they're the Utah Hockey Club. So weak. That is such a preppy fucking name for a goddamn team. No, it's the same thing as the football season. What do you have to go to the game? It's, you have to go to the game and like a suit and tie. You gotta have your blade on and a tie on. Otherwise you don't get into the club. No, man. It's just sounds terrible.


It's gotta be just a placeholder until they find their like real name. It can't be called the fucking hockey club. They, Who knows? They'll probably do. Yetis is way better than Yetis is a great name. What's another expansion team recently? Ooh. What's the, the Kraken? That's not Bad. The Kraken was sweet. Yeah. Kraken. Yeah. Pretty cool. It's not bad. I like That one. The Most recent football team is the, the Texans. Is that the most recent expansion like brand new football team? I mean other teams have moved. Location. Yeah. Nobody switched Names. I like the name Texans. We've been through this in the last year. Like Texans. It's a pretty good one. It's not very creative, but I like the Oilers better.


Yeah. Guardians. All right, Well let's, let's Get a little, okay, anyways, let's get to some, let's get this show started with a little bit of new, New news. Hey yo. That's right.


New news is brought to you by Timberland and Vans You know I luck my butts. Hey, you do love your buts man. And I got my vans on, but they look like sneakers man.


Let's start this thing off. A little kicking challenge. The first bit of new news Jason our, our episode with Pat McAfee last week. You have officially been called out by our friends at Timberland and Vans Been called out. Let's watch this clip. Called Out for what? Oh man. How you doing? This is Steve Van Dorn from Vans. We got famous Daniel here. We made some special shoes up right here. Check aboard. Football cleats. Oh my gosh. He's what? I Kicked in. Let's see if you can kick him in your tent to match that. A hundred K donation. Oh, okay. What I? like how he ended that video? Woo Woo. He said he was famous. Dan, do you know who that Dan was?


He didn't. I don't know who that guy was. Yeah, he's A big ocker. Oh okay. Alright. No, I'm kidding. I mean he made it. There's no chance I'm gonna make this. You don't, you can't make a feel goal Jason. No Cha not in Tim's. Why do you think you can't make a field goal in Tim's? Because They're heavy ass boots and my hip flexors don't work 'cause I ripped them off the bone when I had sports hernia. Pat McAfee just talked about how he tore his hip flexor playing soccer last week. Do you know what it's gonna be like with my big goofy ass trying to kick a ball at this age? I'm not messing with You at this age. You were just in the NFL last year And I'm and now I am not. It's been out for like five years.


Yeah, let me tell you, it drops quick. I get underneath that squat bar and I'm Like don don't know what the hell I'm doing. Still trying to squat three 15. Why the fuck are you under a squat bar? I don't know. Just 'cause I like hurting my back. I think I just love the feeling Connor of my knees cracking while I try him. I'm Fucked. I Don. I'm a messed up individual. For some reason I like it. I'm a little fucked up. Connor Barwin one time punted a ball after practice and his knee was never the same. It bothered him for the rest of his career. Like Yeah, you gotta understand you can't be all quad right there. You can't just like, you Can't be all VMO. Yeah. You gotta be it out a little bit. Yeah, you gotta be hip flexor. You gotta be, everything's gotta work together when you're kicking man.


'cause If, you If you get high brakes in that thing if you're doing it wrong. Listen, if it's for charity, I'll tear my hip flexion for charity. I don't need do anymore. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about. That's a Cleveland ball player right there. All right. I don't really know how this is gonna be facilitated whether I have to make it what the deal is with Timberland and Vans, But the challenge is accepted. Yeah. Famous Dan. Was it famous? Dan Stan? What? What was that? I Think. it was Dan Brandon's gonna type. It was famous Dan. It was Dan. Okay, cool. You're right. You gotta good memory. Thank you. And Tim, Brandon. Well I'm gonna have to go straight on. I can't soccer style in Tims right? It's gotta be No, no, it's gotta be boot. It's Gotta be blue square toe.


Like toe right Square toe. That thing. you can get it in there. Should I put like a little, you know the old square toe cleats they used to make specifically for kicking? What are you talking about? You talking about the steel toes that you wore during the season Last year I did Stock, This dude was out there in steel toed cleats. Man, it was crazy. I do, I do have a modified cleat, but it was not the flat front. The way they used to literally make like a flat front. You gotta put that cleat like a frame with like a little, you little bit on it with a little flashcard that says like what, how it was made and like how many games You played. I'm gonna make a old video with Dom, the cobbler in South Philly. Dom The Cobb. He was the one who used to hook me up. Dom the cobbler they Put when they put tar on it.


I didn't even know there were cobbler. That's funny. I thought that was like a old, that was a Like It's profession that went extinct when they invented machinery. I didn't know that. Were still cobblers, but there are. Well stay tuned to all the new Heights social channels and tune in next week to see what we have in store and how you can participate in this. This fun charity fundraiser that involves Jason trying to make a field goal in Timberland's. All Righty. Huge announcement. We've officially started the Heights Hotline. That's right. And we wanna hear from you. We're trying to figure out ways to hear from our fans and everybody out there that listens to this show on a weekly basis. We obviously appreciate you guys so much.


So we've decided to create a hotline number. That's right. The number is 9 2 9 3 9 9 7 2 6 0. Hopefully somebody will put that number on the screen. Why isn't this like one 800 new Heights or something? Yeah. What does that spell Brandon said Those are hard to get. This is, this is hilarious. Again, that's (929) 399-7260. you can call in and ask us questions and we will replay the actual audio. So there's a chance you make it on the show, which I think is pretty cool without us just reading it. We actually hear your voice.


The topic for the first Heights Hotline one that will be put in the episode is going to be relationships. That's right. Ask us any questions you have about relationships. Yeah. Leave us a voicemail and ask to solve any issue or whatever questions you might Have. Oh yeah. Well next caller, this is the latest man. How? How can I help you? We're trying to be our own Leon Phelps. This is pretty, this is pretty good. So Yeah, the only thing left to do is, is record the outgoing message. So should we do that Right now? Yeah. Yeah. Let's go. We gotta get it. What's record? This is gonna about relat relationships. What's the answering machine message?


Hello, you've reached the new Heights Hotline. Yeah. Please Leave us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible With some advice for your relationships. We are the ladies men. There's Also a strong chance we don't get back to you because there's probably gonna be way too many people to get back to. But rest assured, we sure do appreciate you calling All Right. now If, you Wanna check out the Heights Hotline and see if we choose your voicemail. Make sure to sign up for Wondery Plus. You'll also get early access to episodes without interruptions and we're still giving you three months free of Wondery Plus. This Wondery Plus offer is only available For a limited time. Visit Wondery dot com slash new Heights offer to redeem.


If it's free, gimme three. Let's keep this thing moving. We're still in the Wondery Plus realm with our film club All Right. now speaking of our bonus content, last week we released our first new Heights Film Club episode. How about that? And got, we got some fun replies from a few familiar faces. Hey, we got a shout out from Bridget herself. Blake Lively. Shout out to Blake. And Blake saw our sisterhood of the Traveling Pants clip and posted this response on Instagram. I knew it. I knew those pants didn't have anything to do with it. You're like, I Called it from the moment I saw it.


These pants ain't important at all. It's just, it's just the title. That's it. That's all it is. It didn't have anything to do with it. Blake. Blake, thank you so much for proving me right and for offering that bit of knowledge that the author actually didn't want the pants in it, but instead wanted to have some type of magical thing because of Harry Potter And so good. It's just, yeah, it's great. Yeah. I love it. And what a great response. And we needed that. We needed that clarification. We did. We did. Blake was also not the only cast member we heard from. We also got a couple mentions from the One and Only Tibby. That's right. Amber Tamlin. I approve of this poster and both of you a bunch of pants, bunch of females, bunch of hearts.


XO Tibby, Shout out to Amber. Appreciate you. You catching the, the Onery Plus or, or at least hearing about it and and giving your approval. We appreciate that. Any thoughts on the next film club movie? Should it be a a thanksgiving slash holiday theme since it'll come out in November? I think We did a chick flick. Now we gotta balance it out and do just the most masculine movie of all time. All right, let's see. Let's, let's take it to the 92 Percenters on some, some masculine movies. Maybe some Terminators, maybe some, yeah. What, what Are some of the opposite ends of the spectrum? I wanna hear. I wanna hear Sister. To be traveling past. Yeah. What Movies do you guys think we can do?


I also want to hear what the Swifties think or like the masculine movies. Like what do You think they're gonna say? Hear is so bad. Yeah. Oh man, this would be a good Rambo freaking die Hard Ooh. Really any eighties or nineties action movie has gotta be just like Commando Commando. This will be good. This will be good Blood sport. Blood Sport is the Manst movie that should win. I fucking love Blood Sport. God I love that movie. I'm down to watch it. We'll see what you guys say on that front. And once again, we also wanna mention that new news is brought to you by our friends at Timberland and Vans. I'm about to go get some fresh butters. Right now let's, let's talk a little out of the house. Moving on to out of the house.


It's outta the house is brought to you by the powerful backing of American. Express.


Jason got out of the house this week. I did. I did How about it this weekend. I should say in Miami. And we gotta talk about it. You took a nap at the Arrows tour. I did not take a nap. What Is that all about? Travis You know I didn't take a nap. I did not take a nap. How Are you? This show is absolutely electric. It's the greatest show that's ever been on stage and you're over here falling asleep. Not only was it the greatest show, but obviously I went to the two London shows. This Miami show was incredible. And I think part of it's like, I don't know if it's back, the fact that we're back in the US 'cause I think the London crowd was in incredible, but the Rain and Everyth dude, it was like on another level. I text you halfway through it.


Like, dude, this rain you did, Tay is killing it. She Dude, when reputation came on and she came out in the new outfit was and the rain was coming, coming down and the the place could have fucking erupted. I mean it did like it was, it did. The amount of energy was insane. It was so exciting. But back to this photo, I'm gonna give a little I guess background to this. So Kylie is holding Elliot, right? Elliot was just with me. We were dancing and I was sitting down. So I'm on the same level with her. Yeah. And I'm trying not to. We're out in the middle of the open right here And We brought a bunch of people to the show. Yeah. 'cause a bunch of people have been asking us, Hey, when are you going to Taylor Swift shows?


And mom went for the first time and we're trying to figure out, we go out there and I realize I'm in like the middle of the open. Like it isn't like a box. It's like a close. Yeah. Like I'm, so, I'm like, okay, I'm gonna sit down and not be, I don't want like, I don't know, I feel like I'm standing, I'm holding Ellie. I feel like I'm a like kind of in a fishbowl. Like everybody's staring at me. So I just sit down, I'm dancing with Ellie. Ellie goes over to Kylie and then I'm just like sitting here and I'm just like feeling it and I'm like, oh. And I'm man tapping of my thigh. And I'm just like in the moment listening to the song and then all of a sudden I go on Twitter and I see this fucking picture and I'm like, dude, what the fuck?


Like I'm not even sleeping and I can prove it to you. There is evidence in this photo that I'm not sleeping. You Call him Bo Allen a liar. Bo didn't say I was sleeping. Bo did not say I was sleeping. He just posted the picture. Oh, Okay. He didn't say I was sleeping. I thought he said, I thought you said you were sleeping. No, you were just feeling the groove. Huh? Jets. Jake, zoom in on my right hand in post, make sure that Travis sees this. My hand is hovering. You can't sleep with your hand hovering above your knee. Yeah, It is. It's possible. Nice. Not major pain. How am I gonna, I can't sleep with my eyes open much less with my hand hovering above my knee. That's be little slap On my leg. Tubby. I was going like this. I'm going like this dude. Dubby, Dubby And You know I play jazz.


Sometimes when you close Your eyes, dude I'm every jazz solo I ever saw you play little sexy sax. Like I'm Seriously, I'm like sitting. So I'm kind of half Gil. But this is like one of my favorite parts about the show because the mist of the rain had just like started to get into my face. Elliot was with mom. So I'm like, okay. And I'm just sitting here. I'm like, and I'm tapping my leg and I'm just in the moment. I invite Bo Allen and his mom. It's, it's, it's her birthday. Nice Mama Allen sister.


Nice Grace. And then all of a sudden friendly fire. Like I'm nervous about all these other p people getting pictures with me and, and Ellie and I'm trying to have a moment and then I of a sudden I see this betrayed by one of my best friends. That's how it happens. That's not betrayal. That's just, that's just a good friend. You're right. That's just called being a, a friend. It's called being a best friend. Well I had all the FOMO in the world with the entire family and a lot of our friends being there. I had a bunch of friends that were also down by the stage that had been to a, a few shows overseas and they were saying the same thing that you're saying. The Miami stadium was just on another level. Dude, it was incredible. And it was incredible.


Man, I wish I was there. I wish I was there. Also there was, there was a little bit of confusion among the, the swifties. They apparently confused Kylie with Bo Allen and yeah that is not, those aren't two people that I Ever shoot. Not sure how you get those two mixed up. Yeah, I'm sure Bo was flattered. I don't Know who's more disrespected. Kylie or Bo? Oh Bo. Bo. Than everyone thought a former nose guard in the NFL is now a female or Kylie that everybody thought you were a hairy nose guard. With your arms exposed, We would like to recreate this comment section with a little dramatic reading.


Travis will play the miscellaneous brewer and Jason will play shell's Ray. Okay, let's go. Let's see what our voice acting skills look like. Sound like. Oh god. Miscellaneous brewer. He is a brewer. So he is a drunk guy. Is so beautiful down to earth. Look at those ripped field hockey arms. I mean she's just the glue, the neck, the foundation. Kylie is giving us Midwestern mom's life 'cause a great Midwestern mom voice. All right, she's Ray response. Where do you see her arms? Lowell Ha Kylie is sitting in front of Donna.


Someone else is holding Wyatt. Isn't that her dancing around Jason in that cowboy hat it looks and look at those guns. No, that's a man. That's Bo Allen. Kylie is sitting in front of Donna holding Elliot. Sorry, I put my glasses on and clearly that's not Kylie. Okay. But whoever that woman is good on those muscles. Sorry Whoever that woman is. Yeah. And finally we also heard from the mystery woman in question herself, Bo BL Bo BBL Allen.


And he said she wishes she had this ass Jesus. Which I'm not gonna lie, Who doesn't? I do not. I'm very happy she does not as bootylicious as Bo Allen's behind is. I'm starting to throw up in my mouth thinking about Kylie having Bo Allen's. All right, well let's keep it moving then. Overall, did the family have a good time at the show? Everyone had a good time. Who did? He doesn't have a good time at and Everyone, not only did everybody have a good time, but everybody was, has been texting over the last couple days since then. Like dude, she's just incredible. And the show's incredible. Miami was another level of it.


I'm excited for her to be back out on tour for this like final leg of the eras run here. Yep. Yeah, it's pretty awesome. It was, it was incredible trip. So keep killing it tey. Keep killing it. Yeah. Shout out to everyone that went to the ERAS tour down in Miami. Special shout out to my friends that came along, obviously maybe King Swifty. Now Bo Allen, who knows way too many Swifty references his sister Grace and Of course. The the birthday woman herself, Suzy Allen, as well as Donna Kelsey's first show. Elliot Kelsey's first show. Wyatt Kelsey's first show. It was a, it was an awesome time down there man. It was great. Yeah. And shout out to Taytay for powering Few through a few rain shows there, dude.


Yeah.


And that does it for Out of the House. Brought to you by the powerful backing of American. Express.


Alright, let's get into some week seven recaps starting with the Chiefs. Chiefs 28 49 ERs 18 in the Super Bowl rematch. Yeah. What are your thoughts, Trav? I mean, it's, it's tough to call it a Super Bowl rematch. I mean, it's, there were different guys out there. Different, yeah, different guys out there. Obviously the same organization, same head coach, a lot of the, a lot of the same big time players but, or big name players, familiar faces. But at the end of the day, we had a lot of guys step up on our team, at least that, that didn't play in the Super Bowl. And then on top of that, you know, it was just a, it was a tough game man. It was a, it was a, it was a good dirty type game. I mean, we ran the ball a lot.


Kareem Hunt was, was getting downhill and finding, finding extra yards after contact. Same with my guy, Carson Steele. Dundee hitting the hole like a maniac man. And, and it was just, it started off a little slow for us, but I think we ended up, you know, catching some win, feeling some confidence there and, and really just playing together, man. Yeah, just being accountable when the, when your number's called and we found ways to, to put up some touchdowns, man. And that was the biggest thing going into there, going into that game as an offense, was, man, when we get in the red zone, man, enough of these field goals, even though we love Harry, love Harrison Bucker and he's, he's gonna make some big field goals for us again this year.


Let's put up some touchdowns, man. We, we work, we work our tail off to get in that red zone and then all of a sudden, you know, we settle for three and it's just, you know, let's reward ourselves by getting that ball in the end zone. And that's what we did man. And Nobody is better getting it in the end zone after the bye week than Andy Reed all Right now at 22 and four. He has the highest winning percentage after the buy in NFL history. Yeah. What does Andy do differently other than other coaches during the buy? I don't know. He probably, I'm, I'm not sure that's his secret sauce, man. He's got the formula man. He, he has a, he has a unique way to, to find routines that challenge everybody in the building to be accountable, if that makes sense. Like he has, he has a way to challenge the offensive line.


He has a way to challenge the receivers, you know, knowing that, that a lot of guys are banged up. He has a way to challenge Pat Mahomes and, and on top of that, he has a way to challenge the coaches to be able to put us in successful positions. And I think, you know, you give him that extra week of preparation and to think about it and to like really, really put a game plan together. Coach Reed does it better than anybody in my opinion. I, I just, and, and I think that record proves it. Yeah. I think a lot of it, like you just said is you give Andy's a great coach and when you give any great coach more time to prepare, they're gonna be that much more dangerous. And you guys came out right from the gate and it felt like the offense was humming.


I know there's some interceptions and some turnovers. But, yeah. Tip pass It was going and then it's on top of that. I mean we gotta talk about Spags. I know. Oh man, we come on now baby. Yeah, baby defense. We trust defense. Brock had a rough day out there trying to throw the ball now he was missing some horses. You know, they've had the injury bug just like you guys have And you hate to see you Going down in the middle of it. That was terrible. I hate watching it. It sucks man. And guys are, it's, it's really unfortunate man. This year just seems like injuries are, are happening to a lot of teams and it's like big name guys on the on on the team are getting hit with them and yeah, you just hate to see it, man. Especially when it's, when it, when they're good dudes, man.


Yeah. Yeah. So that never makes it easy. But at the same time, man, that's football brother, you gotta find a way to the next man up has gotta is gotta be ready and, and that's just, you know, unfortunately the game we played in the game we love man dude Dee Deebo. Samuel has pneumonia. That sucks man. How rare is that? I, I don't know that I've, I don't especially like Right now. I like A healthy Guy. Yeah, hopefully Deebo gets good, gets healthy quick man. You never like to hear that For sure. Defense is dominant. They finish with three interceptions, one sack, five tackles for loss in six quarterback hits. Insane stat. The defense hasn't allowed a 300 yard passer since the Super Bowl against the Eagles. Shout out to Jalen Hertz Rookie safety.


Jayden Hicks came up with one of the biggest plays of the game when he picked off Brock Pretty in the fourth qua quarter. It was Hicks' first career interception. How about that Jay Hicks baby right on time, man. Especially big time. Big time on the, on the goal line too man. You see one of those things man. That's one of those you jump off the off the bench like woo Woo Stole One baby. Yeah Baby. You already talked about Kareem Hunt, me, Cole Hardman but obviously both of those guys coming in and having big games. We talked about the Niners having injuries. Obviously you guys have been thrust with a bunch of 'em as well and you guys are haven't gotta step up Kareem hunting.


So with two touchdowns on 78 yards rushing Reem, Nicole had a couple cool design plays as well as a, what was that reverse or on round A few jet sweeps had a big punt return Cola is just, he's always there man. He's always ready and for whatever reason, man, he's just got the 49 ERs number. Last time we were in in San Fran or San Francisco I should say, he had a big game. I think he had something like two or three touchdowns, big, big time in the return game. On top of that he had a lot of jet sweeps as well. Man. I don't know if if they, they realized he was, he is one of the jet sweep kings out here, man. This is what he does. You just get the ball in his hands running fast and good things are gonna happen.


Did something Andy does so well as well as the, the coach for the Buccaneers and Baker and what they're doing down in Tampa. They get guy, they get the ball to really athletic guys in space. Like they'll take the shots down the field when they need to, but they do such a good job of, hey let's just get it to a really fast guy in a lot of open area. Like, and it seems so simple but like No they're they're creative. He's creative with doing that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because I mean all that stuff can, it can get shut down If. you get If you if you're showing any tells or correct, the defense can scheme you up with that kind of stuff. But at the same time, man, yeah get the ball in Macole Hardin's hand. I mean yeah let him a let him go ahead and rock hand, hand that thing off to cream Run worthy.


Yeah, yeah, exactly. If, You give a fast guy space to be fast. It's gonna be man around it felt like Worthy was gonna just absolutely take it to the house and for whatever reason it just like 49 ERs players just popped out of the sky and just like surrounded him. I was like man, yeah I could have swore that he was gonna take that to the house. It had to bubble just like a little bit and that felt like guys got out in front maybe a little bit too much But. yeah, you'd already know. You never know on, on some of those jet sweeps and ends around end arounds. How, how that thing's timing up. 'cause you're so focused on the defense and trying to get your guy that you just never know where the guy with the ball is. The Other guy that continues to play well, even though everybody likes to highlight his touchdown to interception ratio is Pat Holmes or Pat Truck Holmes as he might be referred to now.


Pat Truck Holmes I like to call it Pat Vick. Pat Vick, Yeah. Using those legs baby First he had the longest run of his career. 33 yard scamper along the sideline at the end of the third quarter, which if we're being honest, like he kind used his quarterback ness to his advantage. There, There man get outta here, you watch it again that Kareem pushes the guy out of bounds. Alright. Alright, Watch it again. The guy Kareem is literally over there in the flat all alright. Gets away from, from we go Kareem sees 53 pushes him, he loses balance. Okay. And then gets in the way of 90 touch. I'm not trying to hear this man touch And touche. I'm sorry I didn't see the push. I hear, I hear, I hear what everybody's saying.


Some quarterbacks definitely take advantage of that. I think Pat has been pretty solid with, if he's getting out of bounds, he's doing it because he can't do, he can't get any more yards with his legs. He's not gonna try and trick a guy of going out of bounds and then do it. It's like the old fake slide. I don't, I don't, I I just don't see Pat doing it. Yeah, well I think you're right. He definitely was pushed. He never, He never looked like he was running out bounds down. He was running towards the sideline, The slow down down the other guy slowed down. But that was more because it, they thought that he was gonna get forced out. I think you're right. I Think it was a good it's a good point out Trev. I missed that. I Hear what everybody's saying though. I get it. Sometimes quarterbacks are protected on that sideline and it can get guys to play a little bit more cautious and not just Absolutely try and take his head off like, like the good old days of football like Right now After the game, pat said he didn't realize that that was his longest run either.


Did I I need to get my yards up because 33 is not that long. Yeah. If for a guy that scrambles as much as Pat, you would think that he would have a longer one. Right? I I mean I've, I've seen him, I've seen him take off on some guys now. I don't really, I didn't realize that 33 was his longest either. I know there was the one in the playoffs in 2019 against the Titans right before half that he, he actually cut back and got in the end zone on that one like rumbled and bumbled and stumbled his way into the end zone. Almost fumbled it, but he held onto it. I thought that one was longer but I guess 33. I mean the sta numbers don't lie. History don't history don't lie man. Yeah. Pat McAfee, our friend of the show obviously with our latest guest before this episode had this tweet Pat Mahomes rolling with the little Forrest Gump chip.


Yeah. Is that a fair? I don't think Pat really runs like Forrest. He Doesn't have any knee drive. Are, you kidding me? That's all that Force is robotic for Like he has got that that real high knee drive Pat runs like, he doesn't Have any knee pat's Opposite robotic. Yeah, pat is like Loosey goosey. He is, he is. I'll say, I'll say this, there's a, there's a meme or there's like a g online Right now of an ostrich running away from a dog and he is like just like weaving in and out. I'm just like that. I mean that's Pat Mahomes a little top heavy with the skinny legs and he is out there just kind of like leaning and it's, I mean he is scampering though. He's outta there. Ostrich can roll now Dog. This is so accurate. Dude Out the head, the hip, the Bro, he'd be out there sliding.


That's a deceptive ass. Yeah, he head looks just like it. That's so good. Dude, you remember because I thought of Kyler Murray was doing it yesterday too and the hips were going all over the place. Huh? It kind of reminds me of, you remember that Dak Prescott warmup that he did the one year and he's like hipster, he's like, He's shooting the Yeah, he is fired. I like yeah, where the hips don't move similar to like the rest of his body. Whenever I think of Pat running, I always think of the hips. Those are immediately where I go. Chief linebacker Drew Drake rule on Patrick Mahomes running style. Maybe people underestimate what's under that dad bod. Shout out to Pat, pat Vick. Then on that same drive, fourth and one Pat runs it into the end zone and trucks.


Mustafa who I think if we're being honest, I think he was laying the wood multiple times In the game. All game, all game. He was, yes, I think he was going for the ball. It looked like he was trying to reach and get the ball out of Pat's right hand and just was not ready for the contest. Oh yeah. I don't think he was ready for, and, and I mean, yeah, hey, sometimes he's gotta be a ball player. I'll tell you what, he, he rookie in the league guys got a lot of upside flies around. I mean I wasn't ready for him a few times. He's definitely, he came downhill and, and and, and got a few of our running backs. So the, the guy's definitely got a lot of, a lot of promise to be a great player for the Niners. Not, not that he isn't already, but this was kind of his welcome to the NFL moment and he even said it was yeah online.


So he is a good sport about it and that's how you know you're confident that you're a good player man. you can, you can understand that. All right, listen man, there's other good players out here and sometimes you just get got, Sometimes you get like we've talked about, everybody gets got the chiefs with that touchdown went up 21 to 12 at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Pat on the play said he wasn't even trying to lower his shoulder. He was really trying to absorb the hit because he knew it was coming. That dad bod, man I had enough weight on me where he, he just went down lot NFL fans ran with comparing the bod of Mustafa and Patrick Holmes. Dude this is such a bad picture, pat don't never just let him live down.


It's just always gonna be My dog hadn't seen Sun in like three months man. And then as you already alluded to Malik Mustafa on online was a good sport about it. I ain't gonna lie, I'm getting cooked. Oh yeah. Also had this special formation unleashed. Wonder how much more we're gonna see this this year with Carson went out on the field. How about that Carson baby? So you guys go tackle over. Yep. So the center is actually we is behind The center Joe And Joe Tooney is snapping him the ball. Yep. Mahome is behind Creed but Creed doesn't have the ball you're in. The backfield hunt is, I don't even know what position that is.


He's like, it's Like a wing, A Wing but his hand's on the ground. Yeah, I don't even know. I mean this is why it's so fun. Who the hell knows what's about to happen in this formation? Well, Fred Warner knew, unfortunately he did. He he stuffed it. I mean we got some yards, don't get me wrong, but we thought that was gonna be a guaranteed touchdown because it was just, I mean it was, it's tough to those one off plays when you practice them so long this thing's been in the playbook for, I mean a long, long time man. And we, we had practiced, you know, getting that thing perfect, making the exchange smooth and getting the right guys out there and sure enough is a fun way to get our guy Carson wins in the game baby. I will say running at the tight end and tackle over normally at least I feel like when we try to do it, you go tackle over in short yardage and like goal line situations 'cause it's heavy man coverage and when you have the tackle over more of the man coverage guys have to go and push towards that side of the formation.


So it leads to like a huge running Away from it. Yeah, Yeah. But what do I know you shut down A little Kareem Kareem almost, you know, strong armed his way through some tackles there, but we ended up finding a way to get that thing in the end zone. Yeah. And that's all that matters baby. Everyone's banged up from Bull Super Bowl teams. It's the Niners are out. I mean Deebo, Ike McCaffrey. Yeah. I don't even wanna list all the guys 'cause I think it's more than that. You guys are down people. Is the Super Bowl hangover a real thing? I mean, you guys have won back to back Super Bowls and you guys are six and oh Right now, so I Don't, yes and no. I mean it's, it's, there's definitely something about, you know, the feeling you have after a Super Bowl.


You know, you want to, you want to, first of all, you wanna, you want to get that opportunity back, like it, like it burns your fucking soul that you want to get that opportunity back. And then on top of that man, you just have to have the fortune of being successful or I mean being have the fortune of being healthy and, and having your best players out there at the right times and the in big moments. And you gotta find a way to win ball games and, and you know, that's not easy, especially when you have success because you can get caught up in, you know, kind of some of the stuff you've done last year, you know, the really good coaches find ways to, to keep it fresh, to keep it new and keep putting their players in successful positions. And we've been lucky that we've had two of the best coordinators to ever do it, in my opinion.


And Coach Reed and, and, and spas or, and, and obviously I'm, I'm saying this as the entire coaching staff is, is is chiming in on these game plans and it, it's a lot of, it's a lot of hard work that you gotta be able to go, go back and dig deep and, and fight through a lot of stuff that, that got you to that Super Bowl. And sometimes it's, you just gotta be fortunate and it's at the same time you just gotta be ready for, for anything to happen. Man, LeBron's state of the game, Nicole Hardman is the first player since 2020. Naim Hines to record 15 plus rushing yards, 15 plus receiving yards and a 50 plus pun return yards in a single game.


That is definitely a LeBron sta Yeah, I mean it is a shout out to shout out to Cole for getting in on the stats, man. LeBron Sta said is next week the Chiefs are away versus the Raiders. The Raiders. The last time the chiefs played the Raiders as every Raiders fan in Tahoe let us know the Chiefs lost on Christmas day. It was Like, yeah, definitely they were fired up to play a division rivalry that was, that had got the better of 'em over the course of the past couple years. But they were ready to play and they, they they came out and they smacked us, man. We weren't ready for it and we gotta we gotta definitely make sure that we don't get complacent this week and, and we come ready to play because that team, that's a fiery team man. They play their tails off every single day.


Chiefs are five and oh at Allegiance Stadium since it opened in 2020. Raiders just signed former Bearcat. Yeah, Dez Desmond Riter. I got Des Riter in there man. What, Who is the start is is Minsu Mint's been in and out, Right? I think Mint Shoe's in, I think O'Connell just got banged up so they had to bring in somebody. Got it. All right. All Right now 92% is,


we're excited to be back for another week with our friends over at MedQuest and we've been having fun exploring all the different experiences available on the Quest as fans of our film club know we love watching movies and one of the best features about MedQuest is being able to put a huge movie theater screen right before your eyes in any room you're in. Brandon, can you look at the acute show? These fine patrons of New Heights, what the Met Quest headset looks like. Look at how fancy it is. I'm not gonna lie, that thing it, it does look like it's from the future. Yeah, they did do a good job designing it. It does. But today we're going to talk a little more about one of my favorite games Golf Plus. That's right. And Because Golf Plus is the official VR golf game with the PGA tour, they're going to get tons of the most famous courses available to play in really amazing detail. How about that? Speaking of famous courses, we've got a video here of Jason playing the 18th hole at Pebble Beach. Let's break it down. Oh nice. Jason, I've never, I don't think I've ever seen you hit the fairway before. Oh wow. You hit it twice. A nice solid chip onto the front of the green Are. you kidding me? Oh man. Who knew you could be so good with only half a body If You wanna give any of these courses a try. Head to meta.com/quest to check out our Golf Plus and see all the unreal experiences on Meta Quest. Again, that's meta.com/quest


New I just brought to you by Lowe's. That's right, Football season is in full swing and I'm back on the Lowe's home team for my fourth straight year. That's right. Lowe's is helping you make the right calls so you can be the MVP of your own home improvement projects. Plus nothing says MVP quite like the Lowe's app. you can make game time decisions in store or online with the click of A button and You can order online by 2:00 PM when time isn't on your side to get it the same day. So go ahead and download the app, explore there primetime features and add items to your cart with confidence Now you have more time to do what you love, like grilling burgers at the tailgate or perfecting your game day chili for the football party. Kick off your next project with the Lowe's app and score today. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL same day valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availabilities fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply sea lows.com/ same-day delivery for details.


The Farmer's dog, we love our dogs. That's right, they complete us and we all want peace of mind that we're doing the best we can to help ensure that they're healthy and happy. That's where the farmer's dog Comes in. The farmer's dog makes and delivers fresh, healthy dog food Right to your door is developed by ves nutritionally balanced and made from real meat and veggies. How about that? To safety standards of human food. Traditional Dry and wet dog food options are highly processed, can use much lower quality ingredients than they claim to and are extremely difficult to portion accurately. That's right. The farmer's dog isn't just fresh food, it's higher quality food and they also send the food pre-portioned specifically for your dog. That's right. This makes it easy to help maintain their ideal weight. Dogs At a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights plus you get free shipping. That's right. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Let's talk about some, some of the other big storylines from week seven, including the Philadelphia Eagles. You know it Eagles, 28 Giants three in Saquon's, return to the Meadowlands and boy was it a return? I'm not even gonna say it, I don't Think it was it, it was a revenge game, but I think Saquon definitely appreciated how hard everybody was blocking for him on this day. Think so because he had 187 total yards in the touchdown. Woo. We can watch these highlights all day. I mean he was absolutely fucking rolling and just dragged Yes the guys, Yes he was. He had 1 76 of that 180 7 on the on the ground the suck the the the second most against a former team in NFL history.


The first was Cedric Benson with the beos when he played the Bears nine a hundred eighty nine on the ground. So Got Hank. There you go. Saquon was asked about the emotions surrounding this game in his post-game interview. To be honest, I'm so happy this game is over. I don't think I should get besides the day any more questions about the Giants, but like I always said, I'm thankful for that organization. They're the team that drafted me. I still got nothing but love and respect for all the guys over there, but I'm happy to be an eagle and that's about as classy as you can get as a player and that's what you love to see.


Yeah man. He was also asked about seeing the fans burning his jersey. He replied, I don't think I ever experienced anything like that in my life in that moment. I was ready for third and one, let's just say that. Yeah, well I it might've been a little revenge game there go. Especially if they're out there burning jerseys. Is this even fair to call it a revenge game for Seon? I don't know I revenge game. I don't think it's a revenge game mean, I mean it's just, he's playing his former team. It's not like, I mean there's obviously bad blood there in in some ways, but Saquon was very adamant that he still has a love and respect for everybody in that organization. Sometimes it just doesn't work out. Like obviously you know, the giants weren't willing to spend the amount necessary to keep 'em and that's the way the business works And Saquon ended up signing with the Eagles and You know I Think.


it probably felt good to go out there and play really well against a team that you know, you at one point probably envisioned playing your whole career for and obviously with you know the fans listen whenever fans are getting into the action it energizes guys and for sure I think he was excited to get out there and play really well. Should we encourage fans to boo owners and managers more? I think fans should do whatever they want. Yeah, I think You know I think If. it feels right to boo owners and managers. Boo 'em. I don't really know the Setting I guess you could do that at games, but I don't know how that would come across. Yeah, we're booing the but You know I had a tweet that obviously I said I didn't really understand why Quan Saquon is getting all this hate Quan nice.


Quan love a good word. Play man, fuck. Listen, I get why the fans booed him. I get, you know, he's playing for rival. I get all that and that New York fans are upset that he's playing for the Eagles. A hundred percent Get that the, the act like he's the bad guy in this situation or that it's his fault that this didn't work out. I Think it's bogus And I think, you know, at the end of the day the business side of it didn't align with the giants in the in in Saquon and the Giants had an opportunity to make it align and they felt like they didn't want to. So I don't know how Saquon is a bad guy here for going out and getting what he's deserved. I'm with you man. And to have a star player that is a hard worker, a great guy in the locker room, unbelievable player athletically, mentally I just Like don don't know what else you want.


I just don't know what else you want. Like what are you trying to keep Around? You love to see those guys. I get it. They're In a rebuilding air either way. I really, I listen, I was a part of the decision in Cleveland when people were boo were burning LeBron's jerseys. That's a much different situation that happened here. Never burned mine. Yeah. Kept, I still got my shit Draft, kept His, I didn't get a heat jersey but I got some of those heat kicks. You know I got the South Beaches, I got the You. know I got a few kicks that he wore down there in South Beaches. I just feel like You know I don't think this is the same situation. Well shout out to Saquon for having a big day. He helped out the Eagles and against his old team and shout out to the Eagles defense maybe the best performance of the year so far this season.


Eight sacks. God damn. Woo. That's a rough day for a quarterback. They also let up zero offensive touchdowns for the second week. Yeah, defense caught a stride, baby held the Giants to 119 total yards big off-season edition dn. Bryce Huff recorded 1.5 sacks over the last two games since switching to a four point stance. How about that? Yeah, the old four pointer, both hands in the ground man. He's, He's clearly stated he prefers rushing out of a four point stance and that's probably making a big difference. Let's be honest though, the reason there are more sacks and the reason Bryce stuff has played better is because they're getting teams into known passing situations.


They're getting 'em into third and long. They're getting leads on offense and they're getting the opportunity to rush the passer. Nice. Like I think the defense of what they've done the last two weeks has been impressive. It's also been against two like really bad offenses And like Listen man, you gotta kid deal. Anybody can score points Man. When you keep, when you keep teams, this is what you're supposed to do when you play bad offenses. You're supposed to do this, yeah, you're supposed to get eight x so this is a great sign but like in order for this to continue, four point stance, two point stance. Who gives a shit? Who gives get in a third along and you're gonna get sex. Nice. That's What it comes down to. All right. And I think that Bryce Huff is playing better. The whole d-line is playing better.


The Giants offensive line, I mean they're out, they're best player. Thomas did 'em start the game. So yeah, they were feasting and that's a good sign. But I think the big thing is we gotta continue to do a great job on first and second down. And Vic Fangio has said this much and we used to say it a couple years ago, you have to earn the right to rush the passer. Most of the sacks in this league are not coming up first and second down. You'll get one occasionally off a naked or like two minute situation or something like that. But the vast majority of sacks are coming in second and long, third and long staying ahead of the chains as a defense and having the lead as an offense. And if they keep doing that, these numbers are gonna keep being pretty good.


Yeah. Alright, now, well let's talk about some numbers that do matter and that's your fourth down success on offense. Hey, We talked about Sirianni and his fourth down call is not working, but that is not the case this past weekend. No, not at all. Especially the fourth and three to AJ Brown How about it, baby up top. The Eagles went for it on fourth and three from the 41 in the second quarter. And Jalen connected with, you said at AJ Brown it was for 41 yards down the field. Absolutely epic, man. I mean, they're not expecting it. If you're trying to do something unexpected, throw a co ball on fourth and three. Everybody you wanna come up on line. We still got that. We still got that dog out there.


We like him. One-on-one, I don't know If, you know that he's, he's one of the guys we like to go to in that type of situation. Not A bad, not a bad guy to go to in any situation apparently. There you go. He's out there with the pink shoes again, gotta love the pink cleats. And then with eight minutes and 33 left on the, in the third quarter, the birds go forward on fourth and two on the five yard line. Jalen scrambles for four yards to get the first and then Of course, Jalen finishes it off with a little tush, push two plays later, Tush, push it in. Just like that, the narrative, the flips. Now all of a sudden we like going forward on fourth down You know I mean shit's good. Shit's rocking, baby Hope, I mean How about it. Birds fans.


Let's go. I hope people remember this because I feel like a lot of the times they're selective people. Remember when you go for it on fourth and you don't get it more than when you go for it on fourth down and you do get it for whatever reason that like is entrenched in your head when you don't get points versus you know, two fourth down decisions that led to touchdowns, right? And a game that ultimately without both of those decisions is much closer than the final score ended up being. Hey, there were the right calls. I Don know. It's one of those things, you go for it and you get it. It's the right call. You go forward it and don't get it. You're an idiot. You Should do that dude. What are you thinking? How could you make that great job coach LeBron's outta of the game.


Saquon Barkley has the most rushing yards in Eagle's history. Hey, through his first six games of the season. That's A pretty good one. That's pretty good. He's in, he's in good company. I mean Shady. He was working cats for a long, long time in Philly. So Shady Was definitely Shout out to SA Quad next week the Eagles head to Cincinnati to play the Bengals back in the Natty baby. You gonna head back to Cincy? Watch the birds Man. I would love to Get a little ad Adriano's Pizza. I don't think I have time. I think for some reason I'm gonna be in Pittsburgh, Get a little Skyline Chili. That's not a far trip. I far Was just back in Cincinnati this past week for homecoming. I, I didn't stay for the game, but I was there for the week.


Get a little Sigma Sigma in. Get a little drink outta your mug or what? No, no mug. Both teams are coming off beating the Giants and the Browns in back to back weeks. It kind of seems weird that schedule The schedules. Yeah. That Is weird. Aligned like that. Yeah, Cincinnati man, they're, it's, they're, I I guess they're playing better. It's weird. Their offense looked really good against better teams and the last two weeks they've kind of struggled a little bit offensively compared to what they were doing against like Washington and some of these other teams. But hey, they got Joe Burrow, they got some horses out there wide out. I think they're gonna be pretty good. Come on now. So That'll be a Fun game. Watch you gonna have their hands full for sure man. Yeah. Before we get to our interview, we're gonna get to some of the other games across the league from week seven.


Lions take down the Undefeated Vikings in an awesome game. Yeah, I mean Just, I I didn't get to watch all of Big, big game. Yeah, It was did not disappoint. The Lions have now scored more touchdowns than Jared Goff has had in completion. That's insane. Jesus Golf is killing it. Ben Johnson's killing it. Jamir Gibbs was playing out his Mind. What? Yeah And they needed to, 'cause Montgomery was, I mean he got hurt early and was playing a little bit limber. It looked like damn Gibb showed up. The Timing of the offense. The creativity is just so impressive to watch Right now They're in Rhythm Baby And the Vikings, I mean this was the clash of the Titans Right.


now the NFC, both of these teams have been probably the two best ones. We were talking about it the other day. Yeah. Best division of football. Right. now If, you look at the numbers and you look at the, the records Right Now. That's right. That's right. So did not disappoint Vikings almost got it late with that fumble recovery for a touchdown Up. You know. I thought they had it, man, I thought they had it when I was watching the replay of, of how the game ended. It's just like, oh that's, they're gonna leave that one. Like man we should have won it. We, We should have had it. Yeah, Vikings go up and then on. But to golf's credit, That's off the lines. The trend lines, they did not blink. Not didn't, not One second didn't. Not a second. Denver 33 New Orleans 10. I'm not gonna lie.


I thought New Orleans, new Orleans is banged up. Obviously didn't have car back there. tv. Yeah, their line Is a little Sean Peyton revenge game. Going back to his, his old stomping grounds where he won a Super Bowl September feels like a long time ago for the Saints fans, for A team that they started off started pretty much hotter than anybody putting up 50 burgers and blowing teams out. But like you said, they've had the injury bug bad. They've had a bunch of guys especially up front and as you know, once the O line has been decimated, especially that offense, they run the, it's so much predicated on like run and play action in the outside zone. Working in that Kubiak system. Man, it's tough man. It's, it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be very Tough.


Jacksonville, Jacksonville, Jacksonville. 32. 32. New England. New England. 16. Nice. We almost did at the same time, we were almost in Sync. Gave us a little coaching drama after the game. Pat's head coach Rod Mayo called his team soft in quotes. We're a soft football team across the board. We talk about what makes a tough football team and that's being able to run the ball, being able to stop the run and that's being able to cover kicks. We did none of these. I mean very few times do I think the head coach calling a team soft is like the right message to be sending.


Even if it's like I'm all about being honest and keeping people accountable. That defense is different. They've got, they've had some injuries, they've had guys leave. They obviously that defense even last year with Bill, they were, we played in week one. They were really good but they also had, Juda was still there. They had a bunch of guys healthy. Like now they've had some, the defense has changed a little bit. They've had guys in and out and I got a ton of respect for Dr. Mayo. I mean ton of respect as a player, as a person, I've heard nothing but great stuff. I'm just talking about in in general terms. And he could be right. I mean maybe they are soft. I don't fucking know. I haven't watched as much tape as Gerade Mayo has. That's for damn sure. I just know most of the time when I hear coaches saying stuff like that, it's meaningless garbage.


I hear you brother. It's hard. It's tough following a guy like Bill Belichick's shoes. A Thousand percent. Maybe I'm being too up in arms about it. But. yeah, maybe you're fucking spot on. Seattle 34. Atlanta 14 Seattle got some defensive players back. Gino Smith leads the NFL in passing and ranked sixth in completion. Percentage. Yeah. How about that? On pace for 4,821 yards at a 68% rate. All Right now. Yeah. Buffalo 34. Tennessee 10. Yeah, I think everybody saw this one coming. Josh Allen. Yeah. 21 for 33 for 323 yards and two touchdowns. Josh looking like Josh and Marty Cooper who had four for 66 got his first touchdown as a bill.


Here we go. Looks like the bills are back on track. Cincinnati 21, Cleveland 14. Nick Chubbs scored his first touchdown backside off, up to Chubb back out there baby over three Chu 98 days after his leg injury. And versus the Steelers, Chubb is back out there playing, running the rock for the Browns Green Bay. 24 Houston 22 in a game that came down to the Wire. But really Green Bay without the turnovers kind of was dominated most of this game. First victory over a team with a winning record for the Packers and Houston has proven to be tough. Similar to kc. They continue to just like find ways to win. Like all their games have pretty much been close, close. But CJ Stroud and company are just so good at the end of games.


Packers might have the hottest vibes in the NFL Right. now let's look at this tweet. Piss hot. Well their social media teams doing their job. How important is Hot Piss to Success in the NFL? I don't even know how to answer this. Am I the only one that kind of hates social media teams for NFL teams? Like they've turned into like these meme things and like that's all they do with play I. like they got the cameras all around and I listen, I I'm on a podcast, I'm on every fucking commercial that there is. I get it. I'm part of the issue as well. I fucking hate the social media teams for teams now. I just, I just cannot stand them.


I don't know why. It's like, will you guys just get the fuck out of my face and let fucking worry about football? And then they're like talking shit to people. They're like talking shit to players. Like will you Shit. What the fuck? When did social media teams Don't be these this bulletin board material? Yeah. Don't be creating this bulletin board material. Hot piss. Yeah. Well Matt la Flore on Packers players preparing for their first noon game of the year. He said they gotta wake up with their piss hot. So that's where the, the social media team Alright. Made sure This one's good. They did it off Coach. They Capitalize. Good job Green Bay, good job. Green Bay, Indiana 16, Miami 10 Not related to the game but Dolphins are saying we could see Tua next Sunday. Yeah.


Against the Cardinals How about it. Man, We were talking about this on the Monday night countdown. Ryan Clark, like every single neurologist that they talked to did not say like that he should stop playing football and Nice and they all don't know to what extent continuing to play football or continuing to get concussions is doing to like long term affect him. Hmm. Whether anybody else wants to like talk about it. I guess I will Right now like this has been the like big shadow in the distance of the NFL for the last decade ever since that concussion movie came out. Like the reality is nobody knows. It is scary to watch a guy go out and have the amount of concussions and the type of concussions that two has had and think that like he's not doing something long-term here.


But the neurologists clearly don't know that he is. And this is one of those Things. There's no signs telling him that. Yeah. This is one of the things that I think the NFL really needs to do. Like I know we're doing the Guardian caps, they're doing a lot great job of instituting rules and procedures in place that limit helmet to helmet contact and protocols that allow for safer return to play. I really think that there should be more research done into the longevity and effects that concussions have and ways to mitigate the potential symptoms. 'cause Like don don't know. It just feels like something that the NFL can be pioneering, especially with the amount of money that it makes and the amount of resources and attention that it gets, that it can be a part of potentially developing treatments, protocols, lifestyle factors that can mitigate the potential long-term ramifications of some of these things that I think is in the background of a lot of NFL players' minds.


Yeah. Well you just said a lot of big words and my brain is turning and I just want to tell too, man, we're all, we're all supporting you brother. Go out there and just play healthy man. Play this game you love man. And wish you the best of luck, brother Washington 40, Carolina seven. The Red Rifle Renaissance was short-lived unfortunately in Carolina or has been short-lived, got out to a fiery start. But obviously Panthers are still not a very good football team. Unfortunately. Washington 40, Carolina seven, the Panthers decline to even put Bryce Young in when they're down 37. Nothing. Should they even go back to Bryce Young? I don't know if I'm Bryce Young.


I don't know. Do you even wanna go back in in this situation? Like Rather I I mean I'd I would love to get the Opportunity to go. Always wanna play. Play. Yeah, play. I mean they, they just have so many issues. Hey, it's canal's first year and they're trying to get it fixed. Hopefully they can get it fixed in the future. I don't know, there's still a long season left. How dude is it it is it Must be so hard like being that bad and knowing you still have Jason stop 11 games, they're nine, 10 or 11. What are they at? What's the character like? Bro, I'm just being honest. I've played meaningless football games and it's not fun. It is awful. Yeah, but usually there's like two, maybe three at the end of the season that you're like really trying to hammer out.


Hammer out week seven in your one and six. That's a bad feeling brother. I imagine. Let's get fired up boys. Damnit You imagine the guy giving pregame speeches before the game when you're one and six. There's no speeches, Don, let's go. And you're in your head like, dude, will you shut the fuck up? We're one six, let's fucking just go out there and fucking That's tough man. That's Tough. We all know what's about to happen. Come on man. You got the Coach calling the team. Gotta have Team soft. We can't have, we can't have that mentality man. We can't have that mentality man. Why are we one in six? 'cause you're soft. All right, Pittsburgh 37 New York Jets 15.


The controversial decision for the Steelers to start Russell Wilson over Justin Fields pays off. I mean, listen, I think Justin was playing really well. Russell got it done. I don't think it was weird. Jets have been so good defensively the last few years now they've got, they've, their d-line has changed a lot and it feels like that's affected them quite a bit. It felt like Pittsburgh just made plays like even on some of these deep balls that Russell threw, like there were some, you know, there were some really good plays made by the white outs. So, and the running backs. Running backs. Harris had Jets. J had 101 and a touchdown, which Where's Jet's? Jake dude, he was on Tilt now you he was like on Twitter.


I mean he told us a few weeks ago. He's like, oh, they need to hire Mike Vrabel then on Twitter after the game he's like, oh, they shouldn't go defense. They can't go defensive coach again. Like he has no idea. The best part about this is every New York jet fan has no idea why they still suck and they're all just trying to like justify why they're still terrible and they can't figure it out. Nobody can you have one of the best quarterbacks ever to play the game. A defense that was supposed to be one of the best in the NFL. You just trained for Devonte yet I'm scared Wilson Bri out spent all this money on the offensive line and they still can't fucking win. It's fucking crazy. It's football baby. You just never know man. And The the fans don't, they're like, they're starting to go crazy. Yeah, well they're, they're not out of it.


They're not, they're not Carolina Panthers yet. It's still kind of Early. They're still in it Still kind of early. And the a FC East is not like, It ain't the N-F-C-N-F-C West or NFC North. Yeah, NFC North. Yeah. It ain't the conference that's or the division that's loaded this year. You got the bills coming on strong now, but there'll be, there'll be some space in the bottom of the playoffs on the a FC side to sneak in there and you get Aaron Rogers in the playoffs. Anything can happen Game also gave us the coach quote of the week, Brandon Marshall stop by Mike Tomlin's post game press conference and asked him, If, it was one of the boldest decisions ever to start. Russell Wilson and Tomlin replied, that's why I'm well compensated.


Nice. Oh yeah, Tomlin. We could just put coach quote of the weekend as Mike Tomlin quote because every week he's gonna give something gold. It's the best. Dude, did you hear his quote A few weeks ago? I forget who they were playing, but it was like a Monday night or a Thursday night game. I heard it. Yeah. He hit 'em with the, we gotta stop kicking our our own butt. If we, if we stop kicking our own butt, we can start focusing on theirs. It's such a banger. He's so Good. He is. He delivers it too, man. It's a fucking genuine as hell. So good. It's The best. Then we got the Monday night games. We, we got the Monday night games. The Chargers couldn't get it done against Arizona.


Kyle Murray was scampering all over the place. He is Fucking fast though, isn't he? Damn Bro. Those legs. He dude, he, it looks and feels like he's a video game and like everything about him, like it looks like you created a player. You made him as short as possible. His helmet's fucking enormous and he just feet are moving so quick. It's so good. It's, it's outrageous how And his feet like, I can't even describe it So he can throw the ball. He is got like short arms and he can still throw the ball a mile. He slings, He slings it. It's so cool When he's on, he's It is fun. Watch. It's watch fuck. It's Baltimore 41 Tampa 31 in a game that was probably not as close as the score. I kid Tampa got out to a quick lead.


Baker Mayfield, remember it. 10 falling and then obviously Mike Evans goes down with the hamstring and Chris Gotter A couple interception unfortunately. And against the team like Baltimore, man, it's, it's hard. You know, any little bit of thing. It's hard. Especially when you don't stop the run. Dude. Gotta stop the run. I mean, gotta stop the Run. That's, they did stop the run in the first half though. They did a good job. First half they were doing good and Lamar was actually throwing pretty damn well. Well Lamar, Lamar is 23 in one against NFC teams, which is crazy. A fucking mind blowing stat. His only loss is actually to Daniel Jones.


And how about that? The New York Football Giants. How about that? And that does it for our week seven Roundup How about it. All right. All right. Let's answer maybe one of your not dumb questions because there's no such thing as dumb questions. Just dumb ass people.


No dumb questions is brought to you by Meta Quest. That's right. Expand your world. Alrighty. First Knowum question. What breed of dog would make the best quarterback?


Hmm. That's actually, It's gotta be smart. It's actually a dumb ass question I think. I think yeah, obviously you gotta be smart. You gotta be able to get along with other dogs. Oh that's an interesting, I didn't even think about that. That's a good trait. So You gotta have a little bit of a friendliness to you, but you gotta be, it depends on what kind of quarterback you want. The one I thought about right away. 'cause I always think about intelligence when I think of quarterbacks is a border collie and border collies. They, they herd sheep like they're like in control animals. You saying they need to get along with other dogs is a great point. That is making me rethink that. Would it be like a mixed breed? Well, I mean listen, I'm a big mutter where it's at.


There's just, you gotta do it responsibly. But. yeah. I think mixed breeds are, when I think of dogs that get along with dogs or like anything really, I think of golden retriever, right? They're just like the happiest dogs on the planet. Nine times outta 10. Yeah. Labs. German Shepherd is a powerful animal. Efficient malam. Is that the one that like, is like the secret service dog? Dunno better. Yeah, I Think it is. It's got like the strongest bite force. Damn. But do you need to be tall? Should it be a big dog? 'cause it needs to be able to see over the pocket. Yeah, there you go. A little, little bit bigger. They're like great Pyrenees. See that's the thing, I don't know a lot of breeds, I would say poodle, but I think they're too fancy.


They're, they're too like high maintenance, you know what I mean? Yeah. But the ones that I think are really good usually are kind of like, like down to earth and, and like with the team. Yeah. Like Pat's not high maintenance, not you seen his body. I saw there, there was a, there was a bit on Derrick Henry that said he doesn't eat fried food anymore. And I'm like, man, that's why I could never be a running back. That's just like too much of a commitment. I can't give up fried food. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't even, I don't think that really, some people just Love football than Me. Yeah. I don't think that means that makes you a better football player. I think that's just what he feels like he, his diet needs to be, I'm gonna say height is important. Yeah. I want a tall quarterback that Can, I'm going, I'm going Doberman, Doberman, Smart, athletic, tall.


It's got a good blend of athleticism. Does get a rock. Doesn't, I don't know if those things get along with everybody, but they're always out front. You know I Can't, I can't disagree with anything you just said. Definitely not a Irish wolf hound. They are stupid as boxer. Rock rocks dogs. I love my dogs. Your dogs are very, I mean Nessie is, she's got some smartness to her. Ooh. What was Balto? Balto was a husky from the Disney movie. Balto Balto. She's like the lead sled dog in the sled dog movie. Balto Sled dogs are Huskies. Yeah. All right. Teamwork Huskies are good thing. I know how to work within a team. Then you got the one at the front that's like the com The the captain. Yeah.


I think I'm gonna go Husky. There you go. Big enough. Not like overly big, pretty athletic smart work with the team. Yeah, I think that's the one For me. All right. I'm, I'm still going. Doberman. All right, cool. And that does it for no dumb questions brought to you by Meta Expand your world.


It's time to shout out our sponsor Peloton as the two of us and the Wat brothers know very well. PELOTON is a lot more challenging than most people realize. Jason, what was your first PELOTON class like? Was it harder than you expected? It definitely was. Having the instructors there to really push you and tell you what to do makes it a lot easier. I'm always somebody that like, if, if I go in there like I'm gonna run for 20 minutes, I'm probably gonna suck at it. But if somebody tells me like run this speed, then go there and then go at this incline and if there's not like a goal or like something happening, I just feel like I'm doing something stupid. Yeah, no I hear you. Good news for the 92% is Peloton as a challenge for everyone with Interval and Tempo runs, marathon prep, he'll workouts in all sorts of gym programs. There are so many different ways to push yourself and power through. And if you're really into the tread like Jason and our training for a race, Peloton has some seasoned marathoners with programs to help you get ready. Their custom strength workouts for the gym keep you on track to push your limits every day. And Pelotons instructors are also no joke. Alex Trone is like a drill sergeant. He has military school background that really gets people to push themselves. Alright, Right now 92 Percenters Find your push Find your Power with Peloton at one PELOTON dot com


all Right.


now we're excited to shout out our next partner, American Express. We've talked about it before. We travel a lot. That's right. A lot during the football season. Travis for away games than me for Monday Night Countdown. But we also love traveling to new places in the off season and I'll have a lot more flexibility when it comes to how we travel. Trav, when you are going on vacation, do you like to book a bunch of different reservations and activities or do you just figure it out as you go? I already know The answer. I'm a big figure it out as I go. I like to wing it. Yep. Big wing it kind of guy getting better at, you know, sticking to the plan, you know. Well fortunately 92 Percenters with Amex Platinum. It doesn't matter what type of traveler you are, you can travel your way with amazing travel benefits, including access to centurion lounges in airports around the world. That's The powerful backing of American Express For terms. and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex. Again, that's American Express dot com slash With Amex


all Right


now 92 Percenters. We're back with our sponsor, AG one, and today we have a great offer for you guys. For, a limited time you can get a gift value of $67 with your first subscription about that We'll get back to the amazing perks of a G one in a little bit because today our sponsor wants us to talk about gut health and pooping habits. My favorite, it's safe to say that you've come to the right guys to talk about these habits. Travis, we both know taking a G one is a great way to keep yourself regular. When I was in the league, you would, you would eat breakfast and then I would always poop routinely pretty much at the same time of day. Isn't it weird that when you are like, you gotta go poop and then the closer you get to the toilet, somehow your body just knows and it like gets progressively more intense. Like on the car ride home, the closer you get to the The door, like you just know this should not have gotten this much more severe. It's like my body knows. So start with AG one and notice the difference for yourself. It's a great first step to investing in your health and that's why they've been a proud partner of ours for so long. Try as you want today and get their special offer of TEN. That's 10 free travel packs. AND a bottle of Vitamin D with your first purchase at drink AG one.com/new Heights. That's a $67 value for free If. you go to drink AG one.com/new Heights today. Check it out.


All our guest from Vallejo, California, he played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball for the Guardians, brewers and Of course. The Yankees, the 20th overall pick in the 1998 MLB draft from the University of Hawaii or Hawaii. What he is a six time all star. 2007 A LSI. Young award winner, A-L-C-S-M-V-P two time MLB wins leader and a member, jeez. Of the Cleveland Guardians Hall of Fame, our hometown. That's right baby. Also don't forget this. Oh, world Series Champion. Please welcome CC ce. That was a hell of a intro. That was a hell of a intro.


Appreciate it. Heck yeah, brother. This man is decorated dog Man. Thanks for joining us, Cece. This is awesome. Can't tell you man, we grew up watching you play and we saw your whole career. This is an honor to have you on with us. How's it going? No, it's good. I mean, it makes me feel old when I hear people say they, they grew up watching me play, but oh God, my God. Listen, you already know. Hey, it's silly man. I'm Playing with guys. I'm playing with guys that are seriously that, that were born in 2004, man. Right? I'm crazy. That's it. So I'm like, I'm sitting here like, man, I was in high school in 2004. This is Crazy. It's crazy. You go from being like the young guy in the locker room to like the young og and then you just, the OG we're like, guys are like, yeah, I mean you, you were one of my guys growing up and you got, I mean, it, it's good to be that guy, you know what I'm saying?


But you gotta accept it. It's cool. For sure. Heck yeah. I was there actually when you were the young Guy. I bought it, man. The, the day you opened against the Baltimore Orioles. I was at that game and I still remember Oh shit, because you were the talk of the town. Hell, he was chin coming outta nowhere. Big left-hander. And bro, it was awesome looking back, being there and watching that. I don't know, what's it feel like to start your major league debut? Huh? No, it was, it was crazy. You know what I was thinking? I mean, just being out there, I couldn't feel my legs the whole time. Like, I was like, you know what I'm saying? Like, you're just so hype. Like you don't, you know, you don't know what, what's really going on. But the whole time I was thinking, I was like, damn, I shoulda have went to sleep last night.


Like it was a big, it was a one o'clock game. I didn't go to sleep till like five in the morning. But it I like I'm, I'm fucking exhausted Right now. Like I should got some sleep, Bro. That adrenaline was pumping. That's too funny. That whole year, like 2001, I mean that team was so great. I played with a bunch of Hall of Famers. I had Robbie and Omar up the middle. Yes. Oh man. And I just felt like I got a chance to learn how to be a professional. I didn't, I didn't really know, know anything. I was 20 years old man, and I was fresh outta high school, a football, basketball player, really just an athlete and kind of fell into that pitcher mode and, and it, and it kind of took off. So yeah, I was really learning on the job and to have those type of players around me, it was, it was a blessing man.


It was, it was really cool. That's awesome. The 90 guards were some of my favorite teams ever. And like you were, you were coming into like, kind of like the tail end, a lot of those guys' careers and it was like, man, they're about to just hand this thing off to Cece. He's about to take us right back to the World Series. We already know. Yes and nah man. It was, it was awesome. I remember Jason t talking about that Baltimore game, man is absolutely insane. I was gonna ask you, I I had no idea you were at the University of Hawaii, meaning same? No. Like that didn't, I didn't go No. Okay. No. That I, I had a football scholarship to play there when I was in high school. I played football, I played basketball, I played baseball, I played everything. And I could never get a, a school to commit to me.


Like UCLA would say, okay, you can come here to play baseball, but we don't want you to play football. USC would be like, we want you to play football, but we don't want you to play baseball. I thought as soon as I got on the campus and somebody saw me, they was gonna turn me into an offensive tackle. Yeah. But I wanted to make sure that I still could play baseball. So the guy in Hawaii was like, he'll let you play badminton here. We don't give a shit. So I was like, that's where I'm going right here. So time out. I ended up signing to go to Hawaii and never took scholarship because I got drafted For sure. Well, that's a good reason not to go. There's a, there's a great, we had this later in the rundown, but because we're talking about it Right now, they, we got your highlights, bro. You were a baller in football. We're receiving Big, big as hell.


He was a dog. Can you put this on here? There we go. Thank you Brandy. Check him out. Look at the big I'm the same size Right now that I was back then. Bro, You're enormous. I don't think you're playing tackle, bro. You're playing tight end. Nah, but you gotta think, you gotta think. Soon as I got on, I, I was two 50 right there. Soon as I got into pro ball I was 2 85 immediately. Wow. So I would've made for a good, That's two funny man. This is funny. You are athletic as all get out man. Golly. Big dude. What was your favorite sport? Big Man is baseball. Your My favorite sport was football. It was your favorite. I love playing football. Yeah. What'd you, What'd you like so much about football? Football was always my favorite sport. I always like grew up playing it out in the streets and I just always understood football.


I could You know I. I, I could watch, sit down and watch a whole game and I was just always intrigued by it. So I didn't get a chance to play it until I was in high school because of like the weight limits and all of that stuff. For Sure. Man, you already know I grew up playing soccer, you know what I mean? Like, I grew up playing soccer as a kid and then I got to my freshman year and then just fell in love with, with the game of football. So That's, man, they didn't have The, it was always my favorite. They didn't have the South PW out there slinging it. Nah, well I tried that man, but it was, so my first two years I played quarterback and then I I I, I showed up my junior year, bro. I was 6, 6 2 50. They were like, yeah, we gonna need to put you a tight end. You can help us out a lot more right here in catching the ball. Yeah, that's right.


I get it, man. I got a similar story. Before We get into the Indian stuff, obviously everybody's talking about the World Series happening Right now, your former team, the Yankees taking on the Dodgers. Well, I guess let's step into that real quick. What do you think about the matchup? No, I think this is, this is the biggest, best matchup that I feel like we could have had in baseball. Woo. Okay. The biggest stars are on stage. I mean, we got Shhe Tani, we got Aaron Judge, you got Juan Soto, you got Mookie Bets. Yes, you got Walker Bueller, you got Garrett Cole. I mean, the list just goes on and on. You got New York against Hollywood. I mean, I think this is the World series that everybody's kind of been begging for for the last 10 years, you know? Yeah. And we finally got the matchup. So I'm super excited for, you know, what's to come.


And to be honest, just watching this, these playoffs, every game has been exciting, man. Like, even just the, the Guardians in Yankee series, I mean, it went, you know, it went five games, but every game was, was, you know, right down there to the nail guys hitting big Homers. And what I've loved about this playoffs the most is like the stars have been delivering. It's been Juan Soto delivering, it's been Aaron Judge, it's been Tani going off. So, you know, we're seeing our biggest stars on the biggest stage and they're, they're showing up and they're showing out. And I'm excited for this, for this Friday to see, you know, these two heavyweights go at it. It, I am getting pumped up for it too, man. I just, I love going to World Series games, man. I think I've made it to like six of the last seven, I think since 2000, what was it, 15 when the, when the Royals won it.


That was like my first experience of like World Series baseball. And I was like, man, these games are fucking lit. Golly. Like it was lit in Kansas City. Like when, when, when the Yankees, when you were, what was it? Oh nine? Yeah. When you guys won it. Like how crazy were were those games in the, because was it, was it still the, was it the new stadium or was that the old Yeah, It was the first year of the new stadium. So it was almost like we had to kind of win, you know, so it was that pressure of, you know, the boss bring, you know, he had signed me, AJ t signed for Nick Sw, I mean traded for Nick Swisher. So it was kind of the pressure of, you know, us wanting to win in that new stadium.


But we had the whole, the core four. So like, at this time somebody asked me yesterday, like, how did you feel at this time going into the World Series? I was calm because we, I just, I had Derrick, I had Mo, I had Andy, you had Jorge, I had all these guys that had been there before that for sure. And I'm just kind of riding on their coattails, you know what I mean? Like, I had kind of figured out during Riding on their coattails. No, but I, but I, I figured out during that year that if I just did my little part and not tried to do too much, I feel like You know I, it, it helped me be able to be better in those bigger moments. I feel like in Cleveland in oh seven, we had the best team in the league. We were young, I was the leader of that staff. And I felt like if I pitched better and I, and if I'm able to, to, you know, put stuff, you know, if I'm able to, to, to make those moments a little smaller and you know, be able to, to show up bigger in those moments.


We won the World Series, so that's why I was just, you know what I mean, like trying to learn from those experiences in oh seven and oh eight and in oh nine. I'm just like, I'm just riding behind these guys and doing my little thing and, you know, end up, you know, with a ring. Man, I, I feel you on that one. I end, I, I ended up obviously sticking around in Casey, but like learning from the moments that I had previous in the playoffs, man, it's like, you look at those moments like, man, I could have, I had control of that if I could have just tweaked it here. If I could have showed up for my guys right here, right here, man, you just, you just know that you could, you could have definitely propelled the team and that, you know, that's the greatness that you, that you bring to the game. Big dog. But that's me with the city of Cleveland though, you know, in in that, in that organization because I feel like it's just been starving for a World series and oh seven we were close 16, they were close 16.


Yep. But that team in oh seven was really, really good. And who knows, we may stay together. I may not end up a Yankee if we win the World Series in oh seven, you know what I'm saying? Like, things end up, you know, you never know how stuff turned out. You know what I'm saying's be Honest though. They, they didn't have the, they didn't have the pocketbook to keep it. We, You never know Ain't lying man. World series's a little different now that We, you never know. That's fair. That's fair. Lemme ask you this, 'cause Philadelphia, the Phillies have been close the last few years. You were just talking about the locker room and like the core four. What is it that enables a team that has like the talent to do it between getting it done and knocking it done? What do you really think that is in baseball specifically?


It's just momentum to be honest. Gotcha. If you If you look at like the, the Phillies running into the Mets, it was just, they played 'em at the wrong time. Hot match and, and hot bats. And then sometimes when you play those teams in your division, you look at the Phillies when they beat Atlanta a couple years ago when Atlanta was the best team in the league. When you go in and play teams in your division in the playoffs. Yes. Like the Mets don't care about going into Philly and that, you know what I'm saying? That's Hear you, that's a big advantage for the Phillies. Like going into Citizens Bank and like half in the play, you know, in that park, the Mets do that shit all the time. Sure. So it doesn't bother them. They can go in there in October and show up and, you know, hit big home runs. So it, it just, it makes it hard when you play those teams in your division and I think those three teams for the next five years are gonna be battling it out and, and for the division and to see who's getting to the NCS to be honest.


Nice. Yeah. What do you, who do you think is gonna take the World Series If? you don't mind me asking? Is that true? I gotta go With it. I gotta go with the Yankees. I Got a feeling. I, I gotta, I think it's gonna be a long series though. I mean, I have friends. I mean, I'm, I'm really close with Mookie bets. I'm really close with Freddy Freeman. You know I root for those guys too. But, you know, being here, being a Yankee, being in, you know, in New York, You know I really. I just been watching this team all year and, and it would, I, it would be big for us and me if, if they would win the World Series. So I'm excited and hopefully they can get it done, You know it. Awesome, awesome. Do you have a favorite stories from your time with the Yankees or the, the Guardians? Like what favorite teammates, maybe Ooh, I mean, you play with some iconic people in, especially with the Yankees obviously, but anything you wanna share?


Yeah, I, I've gotten a chance. I got lucky man. I got a chance to play with some, some Hall of Famers. Like I said Cleveland Bunch. Yeah. Playing with to Robbie and, and Omar up the middle. Yes. I can give you a cri Robbie Alamar story. He's probably not probably, he's the smartest baseball player I've ever played with. Interesting. My rookie year, I go 17 and five, that rookie year. 2001. Yeah. And I'm starting game three of the Ds against Seattle playing at home. And the first thing, I think I gave up a run or two, maybe even three runs in the first inning. And I'm a little nervous. I mean, I'm 21 years old, you know, it's my first playoff game and crazy. I'm walking off the field and Robbie comes running by me, he goes, Hey Papi, what's wrong?


And I, he goes, you a little nervous. And I go, yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm a little nervous, but I'll be fine. And he was like, he came to me, I sat down on DA bench, he came to me, he was like, don't shake en off the rest of the game. Like whatever he puts down, just, just throw the pitch and you know, we'll live with it. Lean on your guy. He was at second en r was a rookie too. He was at second base. Yeah. Give en the pitches. He called the Pi, he called the G from second base. What, what I give up a run for the rest of the game. He called the game from second base. That's however he was giving the signals. He was giving signals and I was, he was giving, giving me the pitches, man whatever to throw. And I won six in, gave up three runs. I didn't give up a run the rest of the game. That's Insane. Have you ever heard Of that?


Have you ever heard of a second base? Dude, I've never heard of that. Never. No. That's Amazing, bro. You think Him, him and Sandy, just him and Sandy just talk so much that Roberto ended up finding a way to like, kind of pick Sandy Alamar's brain, his brother's brain to, or was he just I think that, and just him, just the ability of just being able to, to, he just knew the game. Like he would always, and that's how I kind of, I learned pitching from sitting next to great hitters, whether it was him or Eddie Murray, Ooh, You know I was a sudden the bench and these guys would know what was coming next. You know what I'm saying? Just by what, whatever the count was, who the guy was on the mound, you know, who the guy was in the box. And that's how I kinda learned how to sequence my pitches and kind of learned how, you know, to read guys swings and different things like that.


I didn't watch a lot of video. I would just read guys swings and kind of pitch to my strengths. And I got that from sitting next to guys like Robbie and Eddie Murray and Juan Gonzalez and just really soaking in from hitters. One of the things I think is the coolest thing in baseball is that that cat and miles chess match is going on between the hitter and the pitcher and the catcher. Like what you're deciding to throw, how you're setting pitches up. Like what, how much goes into it from like a game plan before the game and like knowing what each batter's weaknesses is, how much of it is, you know, what your str because ob everybody knows your, your fastball slider were like the biggest things you got you had going on, but like what goes into the, the pitch selection, that process?


I don't even know how to ask the question, but it, it's, it's something that's cool as heck watching. Yeah, no it is. I mean, and it's a lot that, it just depends on the guy, right? Like a guy like Garrett Cole does a lot of prepping. Like he sits down and he does a lot of prepping. He's going through, you know, every lineup, every scenario, every hitter. And he's a guy that can tailor his game. He can throw every pitch for a strike, any and every quadrant, right? So he can pitch really to guys' weaknesses where a guy like me, what you just said, my fastball, my slider, my strengths, right? So I gotta stick to my strength. So if it's a guy like Mike Trout that's good on sliders and the slider's my strength. When we gonna see who's fucking better today. You know what I'm saying?


Like I can't, I can't do what I can't do. You Know what I'm saying? So I like, I can only, I can only do what I can do. So my strengths and my strengths. So once I figured that out about myself, it was less prep for me because now I can just go out and really just pitch my strengths and really, you know, command the plate the way I know how to and not try to worry about what everybody else is doing. So it didn't really do me any good to watch anybody else's film because I'm not gonna pitch the way that guy pitched you anyway. I'm gonna go to, to what's what I can do what I have that day and we're gonna figure it out. So it was always just a lot about me reading swings and figuring out what I had that day. My catchers did a lot of prep and I had a lot of, I relied on them a lot. You trust me.


Yeah. I didn't shake off a lot. Yeah. And, and whatever, whatever they put down, I would just throw a conviction and you know, we going with it. Nice If it. One of the reasons I Think it fascinates me is 'cause I feel like the pitcher catcher relationship is very similar to the center quarterback relationship for what you just said. I was getting ready to say that There's a lot of communication back and forth. You each have prepared in your own way to be ready for the game and you kind of the best tandems figure it out together. But what do you, what do you think of the modern state of pitching? Man, I don't know what to make I. like with the pitch, Jason's talking about moving the mound back. He said it's too, No Man, it's too pitch these days. Man's not too easy to pitch these guys. The hitting philosophy has changed.


Okay, these guys, these guys don't try to put the ball in play as much as they did anymore. Okay. Now it's just all about launching and you know, getting their a swing off. So there's not, and the lineups aren't constructed where, you know, you have to kind of pitch through the lineup. Yeah. Everybody's trying to do one thing at a lineup and that's just hit the ball over the left field wall or the right field wall. So that makes it a lot easier for me to pitch. Yeah. When all you're trying to do in every single count is just Jack A. Ball over the wall and not trying to put the ball in play or not trying to put, put the barrel on it. And that's what made the guardian so good. They Were just finding a way to get, get on base. Yeah. Yeah. Last year really great. They didn't hit for a lot of power, but they were on base and they can put the ball in play. They didn't strike out a lot this year.


They were doing that where they put the ball in play and not striking out a lot, but then hitting for slugging, they were hitting doubles in Homers and Naylor and you know, Ramirez. So that's what made them so great this year. So I think the game is kind of coming back and reverting back to where, you know, it's more emphasis on putting the ball in play and not just, you know, exit velo and launch angle. And I think we've been changing the rules so much for hitters that it's kind of swinging where you have to change the philosophy. We can't keep changing the fucking rules, we can't keep changing the rules when these guys wanna hit you 30. You sound like you sound like me and Jason when they keep changing these, these rules of football, man. Yeah.


Oh my God. But you know what's crazy is that like, it, it's, it's cool and I mean I'm, and I'm sure it frustrating for you guys, but as a fan of the NFL, it's cool that they're willing to try different rules and change different things about the game where baseball, it took us forever to get rid of the shift where we all knew that that was the right thing to do, right? Yeah. Or put the pitch clock in. Yeah. So it just, baseball, you know, we get so much grief and we change the rules where now I'm watching a fucking kickoff in the NFL and I don't even, I've never even, you know what I'm saying? Right. But, but as a fan, it, it's cool to see that and yeah, the NBA does that and I feel like baseball we need to, you know, stay up to speed with, you know, keeping our game relevant. And I think I feel like this year we've, we've been seeing the payoff from that.


It's definitely feel like it's led to more exciting play. It feels like it's led to more offensive production. Some of the rules they've changed, The games are shorter. I mean, you know what I'm saying? It's, you can, you can watch a full game and not feel like it's taking up your whole day and we're not missing any action. Right, Right. How do you think you would've handled the, the pitch counts and like the less Like I don, I feel like you, you were still pitching like full games at times in your career. Yeah. That never happens anymore. What's the last, has, has that happened once in the playoffs so far? Has there been a starting pitcher that's pitched all nine innings yet that used to be Like Don Don't think so, right? Yeah. That, that would been, yeah, I don't think there's, that's a great question. I don't think there's been a guy that's thrown a complete game yet.


And no, I wouldn't have done well with it. Not in my prime. I mean, you know what I'm saying? Take, Take off the my head man. Oh, it's not happening. And I watched one of these guys, one of one of these ACEs come out, it was the fifth inning had 89 pitches with no gripes. Like if that was, if that was, you know, back in the day, I mean, there's no chance. Crazy. That wasn't even a talk. Right. Crazy. You know what I'm saying? It's crazy. Like you don't even get off the bench until I got 120 pitches in the playoffs. Yes. Yeah. So it's just a, it's a, it's a different philosophy, but I feel like everybody's built these super bullpens Right. Where, you know, you look at Relievers and Yeah, yeah. You look at the two teams that are in the, in the World series. Like they're, they're gonna be games where it's gonna be reliever that's gonna start the game in the World series. That's crazy.


You know what I'm saying? So just the, the way that the teams and the, or the rosters are constructed, the bullpens ha are are the best part of these guys. These organizations teams Back onto the World series, you think show Tani finds a way to, to, to throw an inning here or there. Mary be crazy if he closed out a game. Right. Woo. Man, I'm not gonna lie. That would be nuts. That would be nuts. Yeah. I you Wanna talk about bringing baseball? Yeah. That's awesome Man. I mean, I think, you know, the Dodgers are short, you know what I'm saying? On, on pitching. I mean, if he is healthy enough, why not bring him back? You know? Right. Yeah. That's what you paid him to do. And, and, and he, he can do it at a high level and he's been throwing, so if he's healthy, I mean, I don't see why not.


I'd be interested to see how they use him going forward anyway. You know, if he's gonna be a starter, if he's gonna be, you know, long relief out of the bullpen. I mean, I I, I'll be interested to see and maybe we can get a preview right here. Nice. There we go. Well, my guy Anthony Rizzo was caught always calling the bullpen in the fourth inning prank, calling the bullpen. And in the fourth inning it got out that he was doing that all, all year this year. Did you guys ever have that on any of your teams? You have somebody that was always prank calling you guys in the bullpen or Nah, you know, who was the biggest prank on, on the teams that I played with was Brett Gardner. But I mean, he would do, I mean like wild, crazy stuff. I mean at one time we had our video guy, he had, we had, we, he took his, his starter for his key, like the, the unlock unlock.


He took the battery out. So this guy took the truck. He had a, bought a brand new truck. He took the battery out of the, the the unlock button key. Yeah. Yeah. So the guy takes the truck back to the GNC place and is like, oh, you know, something's wrong with the truck. They get a new, he takes it out again. And then when they opened it up, he had, he had put a picture of like himself, like this size in the battery thing in there. So That's a good bit right there. Yeah. Nah, guardian Guardian was the best franker. But when you sit in the bullpen man the whole time, like your stomach is just hurting, right. Like as a bull. 'cause you don't know, as soon as the phone ring you like, it's, this is me. Like, you know what I mean? Like, is it for me? Do I need to get ready, Especially in a big moment in the playoffs.


And Yeah. So I can only imagine every fourth inning, like he's calling down there and like, somebody's like, damn, they're about to shit on themselves getting ready. And he's, he's just messing Around. I wanna, I want to hear one of these things, man. They gotta record one of these things. Is he calling like the Pizza like delivery guy? Like, Hey, yeah. Can I put in an order for a, a pepperoni, a 12 inch pepperoni and you got the hot Wings today. I gotta hear one of these things. Rizzo's funny as hell for that. Nah, yeah, they definitely should record a Riz Rizzo is funny. And, and that's like I said, I mean that's a, that's a good way to loosen it up and keep it light, but it's hard man during the baseball season to to, you know, have different ways to, you know, it's, it get monogamous, you know, 162 throughout the season.


How Do you guys get ready for 162 games? Jesus. Like, I know pitchers, it's To even think, obviously you're not doing all of Them, But like I was about to say, it's, yeah, It's insane to me that there's that many games, like as a football player once a week, that feels like too much But. yeah. Three games a week, four games, sometimes Four every day. I mean, every, it's every single day. But like, I feel like your, your schedule with football is like, you're home all week, right? Like, but every day you're up from like nine to five, like meetings from nine to five. Yeah. Yeah. So it's just like, so every day is meetings, so it's, I mean it's basically so, so for us, basically it's the same thing. Like we know we have to be up at the park by the bus is at 2, 2 30 Got it.


Our day really don't start until like 11. Yeah, yeah. So you get up, I mean, do whatever you need to do buses at two, game at seven. I mean, it just becomes be, it comes be, it becomes a part of your life. There you go. For me, as like a pitcher watching position players, like, I would always ask g I'm like, how do you guys do this shit every day? Or like, Jorge catching 140 outta 120, you know what I'm saying? Like, throughout the summer and you got these different pictures and guys coming in. So being a position player in the big leagues is, is vastly underrated. I feel like doing what Kyle Ripkin did is incredibly underrated. Never see it again. It won't never, ever be fucking touched again.


Ever. Nobody will ever come close to doing that. They won't let you. So, so, no, they won't even, I mean, yeah, it's, I mean, in every sport though, right? Like, yes, every sport now they have load management where guys ain't playing. I mean, I just saw him beep say he'll never play a back to back again in his career. So That's crazy. Yeah, it's, I mean, it's, it's different mentality. At least that's Crazy to me. I dunno, I dunno. Yeah, It it sounds crazy to me too, you know what I'm saying? So, I mean, it's, it's just one of those things where, you know, you watching these guys get up and, and do this every single day. And that's why for me, I, I love to watch like the guys now like Manny, Manny Machado or Freddy Freeman or Mookie, these guys post. And I know how hard that is to do in this day and age. And you gotta tip your hat to these guys.


I mean, Freddy, Freddy with his ankle Right now Freddie with his ankle Right now and still like barely, He's literally literal hobbling around the first baby, But getting bro, but do you know how inspiring that is for like, other players to see a guy go through a home summer? Yes. And then, you know what I'm saying, like that hundred percent. That's a huge rallying thing for the, for the locker room. So no matter that's a guy I want on my Team. Gimme That guy. Yeah. I'm not even trying to be funny, but like 30% of Freddie Freeman is better than hundred percent of anybody else. Shit. Gimme that guy, bro. Hell yeah. I love it. We're gonna get to this, to the start of your career with then the guardians. But I, we were talking about rules and how they've changed some of the things.


I gotta ask you this question. What is one rule that you would change to make baseball better? The biggest rule I would change to make baseball better, it would be every getaway day. So every game that you play on the road, the getaway day would have to be a day game. So like, so like you guys don't, so like every game, so like as a Yankee, we play, we come in to play the Phillies on a Thursday, I would want that to be a day game and not a seven o'clock game, not a night. I can get out, not a night game. Got it. If that's a day game we can get into the next city or get home at a reasonable hour. But the Yankees, we always, 'cause we're always the gate Prime time or the Dodgers or Boston or whoever else, then we always get a night game and then we are in at four or five in the morning with a game the next day.


So it would all, it would be universal Getaway day has to be a day game, Man. That seems fair for sure. Definitely seems Fair. It seems fair, right? But that shit, that shit don't happen, man. As, As the, the players presented that as an option. It Only affects such a small portion of the league that, that, that No, no. Nobody has really presented it. That Makes sense. Yeah. But I have been, you know, in, in the league office, I've been saying, you know, that we need to fit correct this and get, you know, make it an even playing field travel wise for everybody. Right. Yeah. Because I feel like that's such a big thing now with guys, you know, with their sleep and, you know, getting their rest and, and I feel like it puts some of these bigger market teams, the Phillies, the Dodgers, the Yankees at a disadvantage.


Yeah. When they're getting in at five in the morning to every city. The TV Networks want to keep 'em night games too, just because it's like prime time and stuff like that. But. yeah. Sometimes you gotta look out for the players for sure. Yeah. Mostly when you a hu when you're playing 162 throughout the summer, fuck you give us one Or two, you know what I'm saying? We got plenty of TV games. So I saw you at the act actually last year's World Series. I saw you down there in Dallas and I realized that you're staying involved with the MLB. You're, you're in like a, an ambassador's program. Is there, is there a, can you elaborate on it? Yeah, so I started working with the league in 2021 as a special assistant to the commissioner. Okay. Helped him with players of pro relations. I have a lot of relationship with him, the league, you know, we go around and do meetings and you know, and let Rob get in front of the players and you know, any questions that they have, they can kind of, you know, address him right, right in front of him, you know, and have these meetings.


When I was playing, I didn't have that access. I feel like it's kind of helped, you know, with player relations or having guys feel comfortable coming to the league office with, you know, whatever problem that they have. You know I was able this last year to do, you know, some things at Rickwood. We had the game at Rickwood, Alabama between the Giants and the Cardinals. I threw a big softball game down there, you know, just kind of honoring Willie Mays. So I've been able to stay, you know, in the league, in the league office and stay within the game. And that's been a lot of fun. And, and, and for me, when I, when I got done playing, I retired, I was like, ah, I'm done with baseball. Like, I won't be around baseball. I won't watch baseball. I'm a huge fucking baseball fan.


I love baseball. We're a baseball family, so it just keeps me in the game, man. I love it, man. Hell yeah. Cece, have you thought about getting into the broadcasting stuff and where I know you'll, you'll, you'll dabble a little bit here and there, but have you ever got approached by some of the networks or thought about doing it? Yeah, you know what, my, my last year in 2019, I actually worked at ESPN when getup first opened, when they first opened that, that seaport studio. Yes. Yeah. It was good for me to be able to do that. And I was like, yeah, nah, this is not what I wanna do Because If that next year I would've signed up and I would've did, you know what I mean? I would've went full bo and like, I don't, like, I feel like I can talk about sports in my own way and not be in a suit.


Yeah. I don't wanna be dressed up talking about, you know what I'm saying? Like Oh, gosh, I, and I watch all sports and, and for me, I want to talk about every sport. I watch a lot of NFLI watch a lot of basketball, obviously I love baseball, but I mean, I want to talk about everything. And I feel like, you know, when I was at espn they just had me only talking about baseball. So. Nice. Let's talk about some other sports' about city into it. I think we, I think we, we got, we play the Las Vegas Raiders this, this week, man. I heard I being a Raiders fan, I not a Raiders fan anymore. The rest of this season I'm rolling with SA and the Eagles, bro. Oh, okay.


I respect I that's a good team to jump on with my man. The Raiders. The Raiders just, they make it so hard to be a fan bro. Like Yeah. From trading Devonte to not getting a quarterback in the off season to just everything that goes on. I'm a diehard, you know, I'm a diehard Raider fan. Like yeah, it runs through my blood. I have to go to one or two games a a season where I'm in Vegas, I have to go to a game in person. And I did that last week. I went to my Steelers game and the Raider Steelers game. But I, it's hard to, it, it, it's so hard. I I have to root for a winner man. And, and I feel like the Eagles are gonna gonna bring you some joy here on the East coast. So I'm, I'm rolling with the Eagles now. Hey man, We gotta get to a game then we gotta go.


What's your favorite sport to watch then, if besides baseball? Is is the NFL the next the thing you like watching the most? Yeah, Yeah. The NFL and then, and then basketball obviously, but I watch a lot of Premier League soccer. I go over to watch a lot of soccer. I'm actually going over next month to watch R Madrid watching BAPE over there. Like I said, when I was saying earlier I couldn't play Pop Warner football growing up, so I had to play soccer. My dad was like, you're gonna play something in the winter. So he had me playing soccer and I kind of fell in love with him and, and like I said, I understood a lot of sports when I was young and, and I really just fell in love with it. So I still go over there and watch a lot of premier. I feel like We all three of us kind of have that similar like, appreciation for all sports and understanding all the games rule or Yeah, every, each game's rules and everything.


Tell me this though, man, 'cause you, you could play in high school, we were talking about it earlier, we saw the highlights. Do you, sometimes you watch the, you watch these NFL games, you're like, man, I could have did, I can do that. Yeah, I could have done that. Absolutely not. I'm not gonna sit here and disrespect you guys like that Disrespect. I wouldn't take it as disrespect. I wouldn't take it as Disrespect. Nah. I mean, yeah, I was pretty good in high school. I don't know how I would've went to in college. Like I said, that first year when I got drafted by the, by the Indians, guardians Indians, back then I was 255 pounds. I went home that off season. When I came back in February, I was like 2 85, 2 90. So I'm telling you, if I show up on a college campus, I'm an offensive tackle right away.


So, you know what I'm saying, life might have been a little different, but No, I mean I I appreciate what you guys can do out there and no, I mean I, it it would've been interesting, but I don't, I Don dunno if I could have played as long as I played in baseball in the NFL Man, 19 in football is insane. I mean, I I, that's insane. Like my guy Mercedes Lewis though, he is doing it at tight end Right now he's in his 19th year and man that hat's off to Mercedes. He, he is unbelievable throughout his entire career. I remember watching him over there in Jacksonville and just in awe that I'm still, you know, he's still in the league doing it at the highest level man, Which is crazy. AJ Brown, Philadelphia Eagle himself has said he can play in the MLB stands on it every time he'd been asked about it.


Do you think he could touch anybody in the league? You know what, I've seen AJ swing, I, and I've watched, he was like a pretty good player. I saw him do some perfect game. He went through like the high level perfect game stuff. So yeah, I think any guy like that, that, that played baseball for that long throughout high school has a chance to still play and swing a bat. you can see Donovan Mitchell, a guy like Donovan Mitchell, he can, you know, he still swings, he can still play. I feel like Kyler Murray. Yeah, he was, yeah. You know, he played baseball through college, so I feel like Pat Pat Mahomes out there playing baseball through Pat, Mahomes Pat I Pat was a really good baseball player. Yeah. And I feel like it, it shows up a lot in his, in his, in his football game just watching him. Like he runs around out there kind of like a shortstop.


He's flipping the ball with both hands and shit. Isn't shit it crazy. you can see it from every angle. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And I feel like a lot of the good quarterbacks are like that where they're like, it's like the baseball effect where you can kind of throw from, you know, all the angles. Yeah. It's a whole nother skill set really. He is just out there, almost like a and one basketball player, somebody that's at the park that really knows how to dribble the just different or have their own version of it. Man, we'll ask you this. How, what do you think the easier transition is? Baseball to football or football to baseball? I Think it would be baseball to football. I Think it would be harder to transition from base from football to baseball. You, I mean, and, and this is even like for me when I, when I got drafted because I was a football player and I play You know I mean I was just an athlete.


I got drafted in the first round. Even when I got drafted I was on the phone with Dan o' and I'm like, am I playing first base or am I pitching like I had no idea. You know what I mean? And in my mind I was like, Hey, I can go play baseball, I can take this million dollars, I can do this for two years and I can go back to college. Chris Winky had just did that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So like there's, there's guys there was examples of me, like there was examples of guys that had took the baseball money and then went back to college to play football. And I was like, alright, so if this shit don't work out then I can just go back and play football. Right. And that was always my fallback plan. I Think it would be a lot easier. If, you were ba If you are doing both If. you pick baseball, you can always fall back to go play football. We try to have a fallback guy, Tim Tebow do it not too long ago, man.


Tebow is in the minors a little bit. There've been some guys that have tried. How difficult is it to get drafted and then immediately go into the minors? It's extremely hard to, especially if from high school, right? Like somebody like me, You know I You know I was a guy. Like I went from my mom washing my uniform after the game to like, now I'm a professional. That's crazy. You know. I'm saying this is every single day. Like in high school you're playing Tuesdays, maybe Friday. So, and then when you, when you turn pro, like I turned, I was 17 years old still. I didn't turn 18 until, you know, three weeks after I got drafted. So I'm like, I didn't know how to wash clothes. Like they just, they drop you off in the middle of North Carolina and You are a pro.


You gotta figure out how to get to the ballpark. You know what I'm saying? You gotta figure out how to manage your money. You gotta figure out what you going to eat, how much fuel you gonna have, you know, throughout the day how to work out, how to do kind of everything. So you, you go from being like an amateur and you're literally, you're a pro and it's just you and a bunch of other high school cats and you know, 15 other Dominican guys that's trying, you know what I'm saying? Like, y'all literally down there trying to figure it out. Like it's like it's, it's, it was a, it was a coaching shock. It was a rough, I mean, the first three nights of my professional career I cried home. I called home crying. Wow. I was like, I, Like, do I have to like, if I come home, do I gotta get his money back? And my mom was like, you better stay your act there.


Yeah. You Advice, good advice Mom. Do advice mom home. Exactly. If it shot clear than you can come home. But S too, it's, it's, it's pretty rough. Like, so that's why, I mean, I have a, I have a, a junior in college, Right now he goes to University of Houston and I wanted him to get that college experience. I wanted him to be able to grow up, be a man before he entered that minor league because, you know, he didn't have to, he didn't have to make a decision. I had to make, I had to make that decision because me and my mom needed the money. He didn't have to make that decision. He, he can grow up, you know, go out and play some college baseball, grow, mature, and then become a pro. I hear You man. We gotta get to Cleveland.


Yeah. Well you already know. We gotta talk some Cleveland ball baby. Yeah. What was your time like in Cleveland? Not, not just as a player, but like in the city. Like what do you, what do you remember and like really take away from your time in Cleveland? No, I, I loved Cleveland. I mean, I always tell people like, You know I was born and raised in Vallejo, California. Right. Like I was, I mean If you open up my soul. There was a little probably a box in there with m Dre playing, you know what I'm saying? Born and raised in Vallejo, California to my soul. But I grew up in Cleveland. Yeah. Like I, I got to Cleveland. I was 17 years old and I stayed there until I was 28. That's crazy. Three of four of my kids were born there. You know, me and my wife got married there. You know, I lived, I lived with a host family in Shaker, Heights my first two seasons right down.


Okay. Yeah. I mean I, I loved the east side of Cleveland. We that's at, we really enjoyed the East side. I mean, I was going to Randall Park Mall to get all my clothes. Oh Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm You know I mean, like I'm, I'm, I'm really ingrained in I'm gonna next in Shaker Square to, you know what I'm saying? Like Yep. The spot. So I used to jump to, I used to run over to Shaker Square to go see you play because Right. They take the, take the Rapid right down the down Right now Gateway District. Oh yeah. You know, that was my home. And, and You know I stayed there in off season. I mean, I went to CS games, I was there when it was Tractor Trailer and Ricky Davis, You Know I, come on baby. I, Ricky Davis, a Darius Miles man. Exactly.


Like on, I grew up in Cleveland, man, like I, like, I'm, I'm, you know, so that, that city, you know, holds a special place in me and my wife's heart. And you know, even my kids If, you, you know, you go talk to my oldest son Right now he is Ohio State fan. And you know, my daughter, they love, you know, being from, you know, Westlake or, or they, they say, you know, Westlake, Ohio But yeah. Being from Cleveland. So nice. Yeah. I mean, it, it, it is very near and dear to our hearts. And, and like I always say, I, I grew up born and raised in Cali, but grew up in Cleveland. That's awesome man. You were talking about the CVEs man. Did, did you ever catch LeBron, the wave of LeBron before he got drafted to Cleveland? Like, did you catch him at St. Vincent, St. Mary? I Did So, we had this program in, in with the Indians Keep saying Indians, what the guardians called.


Yeah. We, We do it too. Snoop. I know it was the winter development program. So they would bring us all to Cleveland the month of January. So we would be up there the whole month. So our big league trainer, his name was Paul Skua, he was a, he would referee a a u in high school games. So one year in the, in the winter he kept talking about this kid. He was like, oh, you gotta come see this kid play, blah, blah, blah. He's telling all of us, he's telling me he's, Dave Risk is all these different guys that are with the, with the guardians at the time. He's like, oh, you gotta come see this guy play. And we're all like, no chance we're going to see a eighth grader go play high like basketball. Like No shit to do we shit to do that off Season.


We didn't go Season, we didn't go. We come Back the next off season, he's like, alright, I got a better prop for you. Like the kids playing right across the street, like he's playing in the CS arena. We can walk underneath, we can go, we can watch the game. He was a freshman. He had 40 is crazy. 18 and 20. Oh it was Unbelievable. It was unbelievable. And then ever since then, like every time I was going, every time I came back to Cleveland in the wintertime, I was figuring out a way to go watch LeBron. I even watched him play high school football. So I I was about to ask that because he was a, he was a football player too, man. I got a chance to go see him. I play high school football. I met Mav and you know, rich and all those guys very, very young, very early. So I've been knowing those guys a a long time, Man.


I'll tell you what I try and like, tell people about, 'cause I, I went and saw him at the Weinstein. I saw him at Cleveland State. He had, I mean he was selling out arenas so much. You couldn't put him in a high school arena for like the big time games. Right. You had to go to like a bigger arena. Yeah. And man, it was unbelievable. I was sitting up in the nosebleeds and you could still see how big he was on the court compared to everybody else. But you can See it was Ridiculous. See, and you can see the stars that would come see him play. Like it would be, everybody would show up in Cleveland, like from Shaq to ai to whoever else like Yeah. Was coming to, you know, going to the games. And like even back then, like you said, Trav like, you can see he was way bigger than everybody and way more skilled. But he would always make the right basketball play.


Right. Like he could score 60 points in those games easy. So he would always end up with 24 8 and you know what I'm saying? Like he's making the right basketball play every, every time I've, I've watched him play since he was in the freshman in high school. He's done the, the right, he's done the right thing on the court every single time his basketball IQ was off the charts. Yeah. Man, I, I still remember going to that game though man. It was unbelievable. He went off the backboard in a game and at that point in my life I was just like, man, I wanna be the next LeBron James. Yeah. Ended up, he was a basketball over hockey going into high school. And a lot of that was because I was like, man, this dude just makes basketball look so fun and just sports look so fun, man. Was that a big thing for you guys?


Like to like living in Cleveland, like choosing like over hockey? Like, because hockey's a big sport out there, right? It's a big winter sport. Yes. Yeah. I mean we, we grew up playing hockey since, at least since I was five. I think Jason was a little bit older, but when he got into it, I immediately got into it since like the, the lowest level of, of at least organized hockey. And on top of that man we just, we had so many, we grew up with the same guys, the same teammates throughout our, our lives. So it's like we, we had a connection with like the team and everything and that was, that was definitely the hardest thing for me going into high school was figuring out which winter sport I was gonna play. Was it gonna be hockey or a hockey or basketball? And I ended up hanging up the, the skates But.


yeah. It was weird. See 'cause we played everything and we even played like two sports in the same season. I like looked back like how the hell did we even beat? Like how did tr play basketball and hockey I like wrestled and played hockey one year. I'm like I. like it was, it's weird thinking back that we were even able to do that. You know, our parents somehow made that work. I don't even know how they facilitated That. No, I was just looking at a picture in my mother room. Right now my my, my guy's got football pads. He's got a baseball bat over there. He's got like, you know what I'm saying? Like just in the mud room, Right now. Like, it's like, it's crazy and I feel like it's baseball deals with this a lot where kids like just play baseball year round. Definitely in the south for sure. I'm such a big proponent of playing as many sports as you can while you're young.


'cause it just develops you more. But it feels Like I don. I know hitting is like If. you wanna be a good hitter, you gotta hit a lot. Right? But you gotta get the games Every Day. But. yeah. But, but, but too much anything is a bad thing. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like you don't have to hit that much to be like, we didn't hit that much. Like I wasn't, I played 16 baseball games when I was a kid, you know what I'm saying? Like we played the little league schedule and then when it was in in August we played football or s right. Or whatever else. And soccer and then basketball or soccer. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we're playing the sports and, and I think, yeah, I think a lot of these kids get burnt out in their sport at what, whatever it is because they just specialize way too early. And I feel like you play these other sports, it makes you so much a, a better athlete and it makes you better in your main sport.


Right. Like football made me so much better as a baseball player. Basketball made me so much better as a baseball player because of footwork and like being so big and being able to move around. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yes. These, these, I mean I'm sure with hockey and you playing center or you know what I'm saying? Like yeah. Track you playing quarterback and like, you know what I'm saying? Like these things make you into your ultimate hundred percent make you into ultimate athlete when you play just one thing. Yeah. you can get good at that one thing, but you're not athletic as you ultimately could be. If, you play these other sports or even like your mentality playing your main sport changes when you play these other sports. Absolutely. He's become more well-rounded man. I'm with you man. I promise. I Watched Trev out there shaking guys sometimes.


I'm like, man, he's just out there playing basketball man. He playing Who? Especially off the line If. you watch him off the line. Yeah. Yes. If I just had the ability to dribble while doing that. If I just had the ability I'd be in the NBA He Trying to tell y'all. No, he's got, he's got LeBron and St. Vincent, St. Mary. He is like, well I'm hitting, But I feel like the same thing like with Miles Garrett too. Like he's the same, he keeps kind like a hooper like that where he just moves fluid and he is like, no doubt, you know what I'm saying? Like it's, it's pretty cool to see. He had this one move last year. He hit over a center. I forget what team he was playing, but he's literally like acting like a ba basketball player doing a crossover before the snap and then hits him and kills him on a one-on-one.


I was like, dude, thank God I'm not that center. 'cause I don't know what the hell you would even do. Like, what the heck is that freaky move right there. But. yeah. We talked about a little bit about Roberto and, and Omar and maybe even Diaz. Who were the guys that like, that mentored you? Like when you first got into the league, like maybe even like back when you were playing in the minors, like who was that one guy? Me and Jason always liked to try and figure out the one person you could always lean on and, you know, show, show some love to because they helped you out a tremendous amount. Who was that? Who do you think that guy was for you? You know what it was, you know, real early in my career, it was Manny Ramirez guys. Manny, yeah, yeah.


Manny. It was, and Manny was the first, Manny was the first rounder I think in 93. I was the first rounder I came, I came out in 98 and we would all like in Winterhaven in spring training. We all kind of stayed at the same hotel. Like the young guys in the minor leagues. We all stayed at the hotel. Yeah. And like some of the younger big leaguers would stay at the hotel and Manny would kind of stay at the hotel in his younger days. And when I first got came around, he would take me out to eat and all this different stuff. And one time we're coming back from eating and this is like, I mean we've been hanging out maybe like a year or two now. And this is like, you know, the third time this spring training that we're coming back from Eaton. And he goes, he looks at me, he goes, poppy, why you never speak Spanish?


And I would go, bro, I'm from fucking Valle, I'm from California, man. The whole time I think he was mentoring me because he thought I was Dominican like That Boy Manny. So it, it was Manny early. We have a great relationship. That's awesome man. David Justice was there early, but when I first got to the big leagues, it was Ellis Burs. Ellis Burs was The guy Who, he bought me my first suit when I got, when I made the team. And he really, that that first year he really taught me how to be a pro. That's awesome. Took me under his wing, told me what not to, what to do and what not to do because I was, I was so young. I was so green, I had no idea.


I mean, I didn't even know how many innings you had to pitch to to, to get a win at that point, you know what I'm saying? Like I, like, so I was really, really, really learning on the job and, and Ellis did a good job with me. Nice. Man. We asked this question too, not knowing who mentored you. Do you have one guy, one moment that was like, you're welcome to Major League baseball moment. The best story I felt like where I felt like I was like one of the guys was, so after my, my my first start, I think, I don't think I won that game. Maybe I, no, I didn't. I didn't win the first start. So the second start we, I pitch in Detroit and I went five innings and gave up four runs. We fly to Baltimore and we get in early, we go out to dinner. I ended up getting a win that night in Detroit.


We go to dinner, the guys take me out and I had like a suit suit on. Yeah. And I just remember guys like stuffing like money in my pockets. Like everybody was like, they took me out and they were like giving, everybody handed me like money, like cash. I just remember like waking up the next day. I had all this money, all this cash, Like one of The best moments of my life and I just Bar mitzvah. Yeah. It was like one of those like, welcome to the team kid, you know, that's moments which, that's cool. Which was pretty cool that that kind of made me feel like I was a part of, you know what I mean? That's Dope. That's dope. I like That better dude in the NFL we take the rookies out and they gotta buy like this absurd dinner. I seen That When, you Spend all their money I like That better. Yeah. Let's the young guys some cash I Like That.


That's the way it should be. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, I mean, when I first got called up, it was a lot of hazing. It was a lot of like, you know, young guys have to do this, do that. And yeah, now it's a lot different. I mean, you know, for me, I want it to be different. I want the young guys to come up and feel comfortable, you know, be a part of the team You know I didn't, I didn't want any of them to go through kind of the stuff I went through So. we ch we kind of changed the culture a little bit and now these young guys get to come up and, and feel comfortable. So it's good. That's Awesome. That's awesome. Nice man. How many? 19 seasons? 19 seasons. Yep. I was lucky. You said you threw until you couldn't anymore. If you went If, you tried to throw a baseball. What does it feel like now? If? you tried to do that? Man, if I try to throw hard, it ain't, it's not good.


It's not. I play catch with my sons all the time. I have a 14, 14-year-old that plays and you know, I'm, I'm playing catch and throwing BP with him. But. yeah. My, my my my my shoulder's done. Damn man. Which is good. That's a good thing because I would still be trying to play like the Yankees in the World Series Right now I like y come out the bull, you look Like you need an inning. You know I, it's A good thing. I can't turn Right now because I would be, I'd be itching to come outta somebody's bull pit Right now trying to get another ring. I've, I've been saying it for, for the past like three years. Everyone keeps asking me about retirement. I'm like, man, I'm gonna play till the wheels fall off. I I just fucking love competing man. I like being out there on the field and showing up for the guys next to me. It's just, it's just what I love to do. So I can only imagine what it really felt like when, when the shoulders started to really mess up for you and then you weren't, you weren't able to like, have the success that you wanted to have.


I'm sure that was a tough, tough time for you to, you know, come to realization with that. It was, but it was like, like I, I knew I was gonna be good at retirement, So good doing pro At retirement, bro. Like, I knew I was gonna be, I got hurt in 2014, which is Jeter's last season and I didn't really travel that year and I had, it was about because I had my first summer off, you know, we, we played a whole summer So, we don't, like, we never get Memorial Day or You know, oh man, Fourth July. Like we don't, we don't know what that's like. So that first year, that first summer, I was like, oh shit, dang, I'm gonna be like really good every retirement.


I, so after that, like every year it kept creping into where I was like every road trip, like I'm packing and I'm like, fuck man, I like, I'm, you know, like where before I'm, I'm happy to like pack and go with the guys and like, you know what I'm saying, hit the road now I'm, you know, upset I'm missing this, this game or this daughter's competition or this stuff. So it got to a point where it was like, you know, when I started, you know, getting upset about packing, it's like it's time for you to be home. Yes, For Sure. And now I'm in the locker room with guys that have more in common with my 14-year-old son than they have in common with me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So You know, I it, it's time to go. I mean, as much as I love to compete, as much as I love the game, I don't miss anything about it. I got my feel out of it, you know what I'm saying?


Like, I want championship, I got You know I got to do it at the highest level with, you know, what I consider one of the better with one of the best organizations. So I don't, I don't miss it at all, you know what I mean? Like, I'm, I'm good with it and I, I, I mean I I just love, love watching baseball now. I Love it man. Hell yeah. And like you said earlier, you're still doing a lot with the, the league and being that voice for the players and that connector. We got a segment on the show called We gotta Ask but you don't have To Oh yeah. Answer. So let's, let's wrap this, this crazy Bravo up with the segment and it's exactly what it sounds like. Cece, we're gonna ask you some rapid fire questions and I mean you can literally tell us the fuck off or you can answer 'em. We'll have some fun Jason, go ahead and start with the first one.


Yeah. Are pitchers the most superstitious professional athletes out there? I think baseball players in general, right? I think baseball players have to be the most superstitious athletes on the planet for sure. Yeah. Yeah. 100% I can Do. you Can, I can agree to that Weird superstitions you've seen over the years. What's the weirdest one? The weird, I mean, Jeter ate the same thing every single day. He would like peanut butter and honey sandwich. He would take a bite of it and then throw the rest of his shit out. Just, I just gotta get, Get invited. I just Bite. It was, you know, like he must have did that one time, didn't have time, had a great game, you know what I'm saying? And then like, but, and then for me, like it was always like, so before my starts I had to be in the hot tub at like 4 23.


Yeah. I had to be out of the hot tub at like 4 34 on the training table, four 30 like time. So like, I Was the same way. You had to be walking out of the, out of the locker room at four, at 6 36 like with my jacket and everything. Like, so it was always like about the time for me. Same, I would Always, you had times like that too. I would always go in and we, there's always a list on the, in the locker room for football that tells you what time each position has to be out. And I would go and find out when the centers and quarterbacks had to be out for snapping and I would work back every 15 minutes. I would have like markers, okay, at one hour before that I'm taking my pre-workout drink and doing this at 45 minutes. I'm taking my anti-inflammatory at 30 minutes.


I'm getting paid. I'm Make Sure that thing gets some time to kick in As you get older now. Yes sir. That's too funny man. You guys are crazy man. I can't do that man. I'm so bad with time and I'm most inconsistent person in the world. So I, I was, I was like man, let me not just set myself up for failure here on these Superstitious. So you don't have anything show up routine like that Playing football man, No routine like that. You don't have no routine like that before the game with, with time. I mean other than making sure I take that anti-inflammatory by I, that's the, before I go out on that field, that's about the only one I got. And sometimes I even forget to take that until I'm like right about to go out there. Well, have you ever been out there and realized you forgot to take it?


Yeah. Yeah. It's Like why do I feel so bad? Oh yeah. That's why All of a sudden you turn, you turn on the film on, on Monday morning, you see man Travis was real slow on the first quarter. Nah, I've never been to the bullpen without my, without my entire inflammatory or Toradol, whatever I gotta take For sure, for sure. Whichever one it Is. Cece, what's the toughest ballpark you ever played in? Toughest ballpark. I think fenway's the, the toughest ballpark to play in Fenway. I think so. I mean, just the atmosphere, the green monster. You have to change the way you pitch in that park and like, you know, we talked about it earlier, I don't like to change any You know I pitch to my strengths. I do what I do and there you have to actually change the way you pitch because of the wall.


I think Fenway was always the toughest place to pitch. What a home field advantage, man. That's crazy. Do you Have one batter you faced in your career that just like, you know, you, you're glad you never gotta face him again. He, he just for some reason had your number Man, I mean, I wish it was just one guy, Right? I, I wish it was just one guy, but Manny Ramirez for sure. Okay. I mean Manny, he would always get me in the biggest spots. And then Evan Longoria Ooh, Evan Longoria. I mean I, it it, it got to a point where I was just like, I mean there was one, one game where Tony, Tony Pena, he was our, our catching coordinator. He was like, just throw 'em all sliders today. So it was like a game where I would just throw him all sliders and he was like, just throw 'em all changeups today.


And I, you know what I'm saying, like there's really nothing I could do to get him out. Like he just saw the ball outta my hand. So good that the one time I, I ran over to him I like, bro, I'm gonna start throwing to you underhand. Like it's not Right. I'm gonna completely change this. Im, I'm just gonna turn right hand and I'm just gonna start throwing this thing over here. Who's, who's on your Mount Rushmore pitchers. Wow. I've never been asked that question. I would have to go Ferguson, Jenkins for sure. Ooh. Okay. I would have to go Bob Gibson. Okay. Randy Johnson. The unit. The unit. And I'm putting Pedro up there man. Pedro man, I mean, Yeah, Pedro was nasty, bro.


Got Those flexible fingers. Pedro, Those that alien fingers. Yeah, that's, Pedro Was nasty man. Pedro was, Pedro was nasty and he like, he he would come after you, you know what I'm saying? Like he pitched any anytime. Yeah. And he would come after you. So those would be my guys. Pedro do you, do you seen Pedro with his fingers back there? You start stretching your hand every day. You're just, I need, I need that extra. He just tails. It's funny That everybody knew that about him, right? Like He, Do you still believe in the motto mass equals gas? Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. I had to be over three 10 to be able to throw the ball over 95. Hey, What very much?


Hell yeah. So I like my biggest, I pitched that was like 3 38. I would pitch at like, Man, Man, my Milwaukee days. Yeah, the Milwaukee Early, early New York days. I was like three 30 I went, I went on a, I went on a trip to Italy one time. I came back and I was like, I didn't weigh myself, I was just pasta and wine bro. I came back, I was 3 46. Like I remember I'll Never forget getting on the scale I like 3 46, Take a few, take a few And it's in December, you know what I'm saying? Like I got fucking, I got like six weeks before I need to be back to two 90. Oh wow. Everybody Is like, what's cc run the polls for? It's like, man, I heard he went to Italy, man, don't go to Italy in the all season.


Man, this shit crazy. I I was doing that lemonade diet while I was doing like the cayenne pepper with the lemonade. Like I was, I crazy. I I got down though. I got, I got back. Listen man, we're the Kansas City Dad Bods over here. We just make, we make a shake. We make a shake. I love it. Alright. And then what's your advice to, to kids getting into baseball now? Man, If, you had some, just a little bit of advice you can give to some of our younger viewers. Man, Man, my advice would just be, just to enjoy the game. Enjoy, don't take it too serious. Play other sports, but, but have fun and enjoy the game and really be a fan of the game. Watch baseball. Go to games if you can go out and play with your friends.


I think the more that you are a fan of baseball, man, the more you fall in love with it and the better you become as a player. But I think you really need to be a fan of this game to understand it and to, to really know what it is. To, to love it. I'm with you on that brother. Oh Yeah. That's all we got. Appreciate you man. Cece, What you got, any questions for us before you hop up outta here? I mean, you guys both, I mean played, you know, in, in, you know, super Bowls or at the highest level, like what would, what would your advice be as like, as far as like getting there or you know, working towards, like did you ever, did you work? 'cause I never worked to play in the, like in the World Series or to be in the Hall of Fame or like, it was just always just trying to get better or one day at a time. Was that with, with you guys or was it like, no, I'm, I'm trying to win Super Bowls or this is like my goal?


Well, I'll answer first 'cause I feel like Trav is, they've won like two in a row, so they might already be thinking about the Super Bowl, but for me, Right now, yeah, No, you're always focused on winning the day, right? You're always focused on just getting better in any way, shape or form. And you're week by week, I think everybody starts the season with like, you, you wanna win the Super Bowl and that's like the end goal. But I, I don't think that that's like where you're at at any moment until you're there. If that makes sense. Like it's always about, man, we gotta be, you know, if we're playing in Cleveland this week, how do we be Cleveland or what did I do last week? How do I not make those same mistakes again and get better this week?


And to me I felt like I was never, you know, that was always the main dream, but there were always shorter term goals that were kind of getting you on the right, keeping you on the right track, right? Yeah. Like doing your job, getting better every day and you know, staying in the moment I think help you achieve all those goals, those long-term goals. Yeah. Yeah. What about you Trav? I, I kind of go along the same lines as where you were saying cc like I, one of my coaches in college used to say feed the fire fuel, fuel that knowledge and that that love for the game and really like, understand it to the like the minute details.


I have never been satisfied watching myself on film. I literally am my worst critic. And I feel like if guys take that mentality not only in in sports but just in life of always trying to find ways to better themselves. You know, you, you'll slowly start to take steps up that staircase of, of success and, and, and find ways to You know Don, don't know get better at whether it's catching the football, throwing the football blocking, things like that. I always try and take the, the four, four or five months that we have in the off season to find one thing to really like understand to a whole nother level. And this year it was how to recover better, how to recover faster throughout the week, what are some things that I can do?


And it's just been a whole like, I don't wanna say change the routine, but it's just been a whole fine tuning of the routine throughout the week so that even in, you know, week four to week 10 to week 16 to week 20, if I'm fortunate enough to play in the Super Bowl, I've found a way to, to be at my top and, and like best like physical form for the guys around me and just be accountable, man. But I'm, I I would say just be be your own worst critic in life. Man. You can't tell me I played terrible, man. I I, I'll be the one to say I already told I hate myself. I've already told myself That's what people, that's what people always say about playing here. Like how can you handle the pressure of playing in New York? No, I already put so much pressure on myself that like, I, you know what I mean?


Like, if I give up a run, I've like, I've, I'm already, I've already, you know what I'm saying? So there's no amount of pressure that you can put on me that the out external pressure that, that was, that's gonna break me, you know? Right. Absolutely. I got another question about one more football, if, if y'all don't mind about, it's just like, I, I watch so much football and I see everybody talk about offensive lines and you know, this offensive line bad, this, that offensive line bad, but the defensive lines have, every team has a freak on their defensive line. Yeah. Like every single one, whether it's Max Crosby or Joey Bosa or JJ Watt, like why won't they take some of these guys that don't make it on the defensive line, turning the offensive line so you can kind of match some of these bodies in these fucking that these guys have.


Like it's crazy. Yeah, It's a good point man. It Is crazy. I think one those defensive guys are, it's a sexier position. That's what I would wanna play. So all those guys wanna play, right? Everybody wants to get sax, they don't want have Lock miles. Garrett don't have to think as hard. you can kind of get it. Go and play your Game. I'm with you. Every team has a freak though. Every team has like one or two on a d at Least one. Yeah. And, and to kind of talk about this a little bit more, like most of the best offensive linemen were those like most of the best offensive linemen in the league at least, I don't want to like, not all of them, but a lot of those guys were former position players, right? Like I was a linebacker growing up. Lane Johnson played tight end and quarterback Jason Peters who played with the Eagles for a long time was a tight end in college.


So there are a lot more skill and athletic guys switching to the offensive line for exactly what you're saying. Like you can't just be a big like strong guy anymore and be a successful offensive lineman. It's gonna, you gotta be able move. It's really hard to compete. You gotta be able to move, You gotta be a crazy athlete now and all that other stuff. And those are rare people. It's rare human beings to find six, six dudes that are athletic, big strong. Like they just Tough. Yeah. You know it. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. But I think, yeah, but I just, I just, I feel like so many offensive linemen take so much shit or these offensive line period because they're like, but it's like, do you, do you see what I'm like?


Yeah. You see what I have to do over here? What, What the fuck is on the side? Come on out here and try and do it at, alright I'm to block my block my, That's what I'm saying. But every offense is like, oh, offensive line's terrible. No, fuck that. Look at the defensive line and they're fucking blocking. Well the other, it's crazy thing, The other thing with O line is like If, you do your job nine outta 10 times. It's a failure. Like If you, if If you give up one sack in a game. I had a bad day pass blocking. I, Yeah, Well I coulda had 39 snaps and I got my job done, but that one is gonna haunt me in my head. So it's like, you Know like it's like being a relief pitcher. That's like being a closer, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. One pitch So frustrating. It's like, man, these guys get paid too.


They're pretty damn good. They're pretty damn good. My fire is fueled back to what Trav was saying 'cause the World Series is coming up. We're gonna see a world champion announce in a couple weeks and it's baseball season. Right now. Man, I can't Thank you so much. Thank you enough cc for coming on. It was awesome talking to you. Yes sir. Getting your story and also just your frame on this series that's about to happen. You're the best brother. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. Big fans of y'all, so anytime y'all want me to come on, anytime I'm on. Hell Yeah. Awesome. Get the best brother. We'll, we'll definitely have to get a, you can get a few rounds of golf in over there on the East Coast. That's what I'm saying, Jersey, this is an easy one to get in. Exactly. Absolutely. Hit up old trout.


And that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you. Tell my man Cece SBA for joining us. Make sure you're subscribing on YouTube to the new Heights channel and follow new Heights on Wondery app or wherever. Get your podcasts reminder. you can listen to new episodes of New Heights, early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. And you can also give a call to the Heights Hotline. That's right. Believe it's a voicemail asking for relationship advice at 9 2 9 3 9 9 7 2 6 0 will respond to our favorites On the next Wondery Plus episode, We got all the, all the advice for you baby. All Right now the Ladies, men over at the Heights highlight.


That's right, ladies, Men. Once again, new Heights is a Wondery show produced by Wave, Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Peloton Find, your push. Hey, find you a power with Peloton Follow, the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. And thank you to our production and crew. We love you guys for deleting everything that would get us canceled. Yeah. And thank you to the 92 Percenters. We're always tuning in each and every week. Tell a friend, baby, and we'll see you guys next week. Who? Who? Hey, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts.


you can listen to new episodes of New Heights, early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple Podcasts. And before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.