
Do you think an NFL player could play in the NBA? No, It does not work like that. Are there any NFL guys that could train for a year and go play in the NBA? So, Listen, I have so many. Don't crush my dreams. I'm 35 and I still got Hoop Dreams, man.


Welcome back to New Heights Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show produced by way of sports and entertainment and brought to you by Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. We've partnered exclusively with Reese's Cups to bring you this episode with limited interruptions. That's right. This is all Reese's or Reese's, however you wanna say it. Yeah, baby Jason. I finally got my backpack because I'm back in Kansas City. Nice. Isn't it cool? It's like it's got a bite out of It. I could use a little sugar rush here. Get through this. Get you some Bubba. What I want to do, what do I want do? Ooh, I think you get some Reese sticks. I ain't had a Reese sticks in a minute. I forgot about Reese sticks. Get sticks. Get nice little crunch going. God, those are good. They are good. Listen to this crunch. It's almost, I forgot about the Reese sticks. Gosh, I'm so, I'm With a banger right there. Oh damn. Go.


We are your host. I'm Travis Zy, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Yeah, baby Cincinnati. Bear has alum. Shout out to the cats. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. I always forget it and have to read it off the remind myself. That's right. That's right. New Heights show with one s. Don't put two in there Jason. Let the people know what we got coming up. We got another incredible episode for you guys. We're gonna look at some of the latest NFL news as always. We're also got an update on our March Madness brackets not going so well. Well my strategy did not turn out good and Neither did mine. We Have an incredible conversation with NBA Champion.


Ju Tatum. That's right. Oh yeah. Gonna talk about his time at Duke winning an NBA title and he's gonna answer some no dumb questions from all of you guys. I thought you were gonna bring up his narrow hips and you never did it. Not one time. I Didn't. I was too much of a chicken shit. You always bring up someone's narrow hips and you just didn't do it. I know. Well, we got sidetrack 'cause the conversation was so great. He was awesome. I gotta remember to think about that stuff beforehand. Anyways, before we get to that, it's time for a little bit of that. No, No news. That's right. NFL news first. Results of the cap expert poll. Travis, you said you weren't in on the cap expert poll.


I said that maybe the fans would appreciate it. You said let's put it to a vote and we did. That's right. New Heights has voted. Oh man. 81.5%. Want the cap expert poll? Nice. All right, well get ready. Get ready to hear some numbers and hear some nerds. Here we go. Boys. Who doesn't love nerds? I mean I'm, I'm in on nerds. I just didn't know everybody else was. That's goes to show you if you're in on it. Usually most people, most of the people are in on it. Maybe not so much, but All right. Who should we have on? We have, we have obviously the two big ones for both of us are Howie and Veatch. The two general managers for our respective teams.


I think that'd be fun. A Howie and Veatch episode. We've already had Howie on though. We Have had Howie out. Well, yes, you didn't talk to 'em, but we did have 'em on at the combine. One year we could go outside of the organizations and go to somebody who is just a, maybe used to work in the NFL or works in the media. Nick Wright threw his hat in the ring on Twitter. Nice Known Kansas City Chief Homer. Fucking love Nick Wright. There's Also a there. There is a guy that used to work with the Eagles that no longer works at that. I feel very confident would be a very interesting interview. Nobody knows his name, But Yeah. All right, let's, let's do it.


How many of you guys can follow along with the Wording undergoing of the cap? Yeah, it's inner workings what these numbers mean. Mm. Contracts that are made to make it look like a guy's making something, but usually Hate to see That. Oh, they just wanted a press release. Got it. Okay. Yep. Yeah, there we go. We got a long off season. Might be fun to do. Like an NFL Dirty jobs, like NFL staffers interviews. What other people that work in the NFL would be interesting to talk to? I mean, I wouldn't say dirty jobs. We got some fucking, we got some top tier talent in terms of personalities in the Kansas City Chiefs organization.


Yeah, my guy, Allen Wright who's been around for it's feels like a hundred years. I'm pretty sure he was. He's been the equipment manager since like the sixties I think. I think he was, he shouldn't Talk to him about how Equipment has changed moved to Kansas City. Yeah, I would love to hear how, especially dealing with like sponsors, like he's been through it through like the Reebok and Nike and all these different like equipment and all the, how he's seen the helmets progress. That's what I'm saying. Dude, if we could, we, if somehow we could get like equipment from when he first got into the NFL and like you could do it with each piece.


You could do it with helmets when he first got into where they're at now. Shoulder pads to now. I mean even knee pads. Well, knee pad is probably the one thing that hasn't changed much. Thigh pads though changed a lot. People used to wear hip pads and butt pads. Bring those Back up. That was like the hardest, that was the hardest thing to get ready used to when you were a little kid. So much Keeping Hip pads. Keeping those hip pads and tail pads in man. Yeah man. They used to be the fucking worst. You had to fucking take the rinky dink belt that you had anyways. Didn't do a single freaking thing. Yeah. Got my guy pistol Pete. Making sure, making sure the place is pic and span and everybody's, everybody's happy with the vibes pistol.


Pete. What? Oh, he's a custodian Janitor. Yeah. What's the, what's the crack? It's jack of all trades. Jack of all trades. He's doing everything. Keeping everything. Keeping everything running smoothly. There you go. Love it. Love it. I think maybe even a trainer episode. I'm all in on the trainer episode. I think the Trainers just some love to my trainers over there and we got, we Got my man Joe Elle's been winning quite the awards. Oh yeah. Shout out to Joe Glove. Julie, let's start off with the, with the 92 Percenters want. And that looks like they want to talk numbers. I'm Sure we'll be able to find a way to make it interesting. Trav, We always do neck rolls. That's funny as hell. Yeah. Bring back the neck rolls. There's still guy, still guys out here that are rocking 'em.


For sure. I used to Wear a neck roll. Looks way different. Way less conspicuous. Way more inconspicuous now. Just the badge used to be fucking the size of, I mean it used to be comical SUVs. Yeah. All right, let's keep it moving. Brandon Graham tires on top of the world. There we go. B Jeep, Congrats on a hell of a fucking career. Big guy. Obviously retired on Tuesday and you know the press conference. Very emotional. Listen, I've been talking to BG for a long time and obviously he made it known before the season it was gonna be his final year, but he was playing so good before his tricep injury.


I was, I was like, man, is he gonna do it again? And he still could like, he could definitely still play. He rushed it. He wanted to play in the Super Bowl really bad. End up tiring his tricep in the Super Bowl and it just tells you the type of competitor and person he is and just what a pit bull he was for the Philadelphia Eagles for 15 years. And you ain't Lying. Even though He announced before the season he is gonna retire. It's hard to make that announcement official. And I think that that's why you see such an emotional moment out of the guy and as someone who's been there before, like, you know, you put so much into this game, the finality of it happening, no matter how much you thought about it or talked about it is, is intense. And I don't know that there's anybody in my tenure with the Philadelphia Eagles that put more into the game as a player, as a teammate.


He loved football, he loved his teammates. You don't play it that long unless you love it man. It's, it's gonna be very, I mean now Fletch me BG Lane's the only one left. He had this tweet up there over the weekend. It's a classic. Yeah, classic lane. But You know, I think it's just, I don't know that anybody represented what it is to be a Philadelphia Eagle more than Brandon. Like the, the genuine love to be on the field for your teammates. The energy he brought on a daily basis. Yeah, I was fortunate to see him Monday that week and I saw him later that week after the announcement and just very happy for him, very happy for his family and looking forward to what's next.


So shout out to you bg. Love you man. I'm sure it'll stick around Philly just like you did man. I Think that's the plan. I think there's obviously some opportunities in media. Wouldn't be surprised If you know, like Selick and some of the other guys he stick and, and myself, he sticks around the team and tries to help out where he can, you know, it's just a guy that loves the game and the organization so much. So really happy for him. Shout out to bg. They got the billboards out. Oh yeah. It's official. Philly's always going to make sure that they get those billboards out there. Have the most Iconic Brandon Graham. Make sure I snacked a picture of that. Nice. That's not working Nice.


That's Awesome. Philly doesn't, right. They always support the most loyal to the to the city and BG was one of them. Baby as he as he always will be. As he always will be. He ain't going nowhere anytime fast. We know that. Yeah. The Browns tweeted out a look at a proposed new indoor stadium. Okay, how about that man? The Browns, everyone's going indoor 'cause of the, what is this thing? Crazy interest. It's something really stupid out in Brook Park that they're trying to get everybody excited about the stadium no longer being in downtown Cleveland. I just, I don't know why, what it is about me.


I don't know what it is about us. We just, we, I know listen, I know in, I know Kansas City's stadium, everything is not in the city. I like sports like towns. It just, it feels better when it's downtown. It's way better. They just don't wanna pay for it. Travis Or they don't wanna cooperate with the city. That's the only reason this is not in downtown Cleveland. And they can make it out about like space. There's plenty of space and buildings that they could overtake and like I'm not trying to hear none of this. So yeah, looks beautiful. Great rendering. It's gonna be fun driving out there. It does look real nice. What about driving downtown? Good for Park. You're driving downtown. It's part of whether you like it or not, downtown is an economic driver.


Even though the city of Cleveland is not downtown an economic driver you would like it to be. Listen, I like when stadiums and everything are downtown in the hearts of the city. So I think it's one of the beautiful thing that Philly has and hopefully it remains that way. Yeah, I'm not a fan. I dunno what you want me to say. I don't like it. Yeah, I'll tell you what though. They fucking, it doesn't matter how cool It is. I'm not gonna Like it. This thing looks sweet. I like the old stadium because it's downtown. I'd rather play in a dilapidated stadium dilapidated than this. This looks epic. Looks great. It looks like some shit out of like Star Wars. It does look pretty cool. A spaceship I think looks awesome. Just do it downtown Cleveland.


We love, we love it being around, It's already, I think it's already efficient. It's not gonna be downtown. It's unfortunate. It's a proposed $2.4 billion stadium in Brook Park. Do you, I do you at least agree that an indoor stadium is, is kind of going against, you know, the nature of living up there on the lake, like you, that's game. I don't like Anything about this. I don't like that it's not downtown. I don't like that it's indoor. Like I don't like anything about this. And I'm sorry if I'm in, maybe I'm so detached from Cleveland that I'm not in the majority here. I don't know what the majority of Clevelanders want. Which is really what is most important. Yeah. All I know is I like when the elements play a role in the game. I like when Snow is involved.


We had an awesome playoff game here at the length this year in the snow against the Rams. That wouldn't have happened with an indoor stadium. True. I don't like indoor stadiums. I don't care. I'll put a jacket on and go watch Football. Do you think, do you think that outdoor stadiums should get more looks for Super Bowls? Yeah, I do. I I think elements Like do you think, do you think a Lambo should get a Super Bowl or like how they did it in New York? It, It'll never happen because it's not a big enough city to, to handle the business and everything else that happens that week. They did it in Minnesota. Minnesota is a much bigger city than Green Bay, Wisconsin, Travis.


Very true. I'll give you that. But I, we had a Super Bowl in Minne Minneapolis. Did it suck that it was in the cold all week? Yeah, but it's cool going to every city that's around now. That was an indoor, It was an experience man. I like the, it was a fun experience. You're walking through the tunnels or the catwalks that connect all the buildings. It was fun. Listen, I'm on record. I like when the elements play a role. I like when the elements play a role in football. I like That. That's one of the unique things about the game. I've heard a lot of arguments that like it levels the playing field for worse. Teams. I don't care. I like That it's a different element that you have to deal with. Yeah, everybody. I, I don't you're guess what if the other team is worse than you but they're better that day.


That's what football is. I don't know what you want. The best team that is gonna win a series doesn't always happen. That's one of the great things about football. Whoever's better on that day and the elements matter. I don't like indoor stadiums unless you play in the south. 'cause the heat fucking sucks. I like snow. I fucking hate the heat man. The heat is miserable. It's The worst. I don't like the indoor stadiums and I don't like that it's gonna be in Brick Park. There's 0% that I like about what's happening in Cleveland Right now. Just make it a retractable roof and keep the elements. And then when you wanna fucking do a stadium for a a live show in December, close the roof.


I Would be okay with that If it's retractable. But it's open during games no matter what. Yeah. And then you can still, 'cause that's a big reason why they make these and like a big reason they do these, especially in colder climates, is that you can do year round events in there. Yeah. So the owners in the NFL make more money off the year round events. Yeah. Which I get. Listen, it's a business, we gotta make money All indoors regardless. Should have the situation that Vegas and Arizona have of the field going in and out. It that it just, it has to be grass. The this turf stuff has to fucking kick rocks, man. I mean I'm with you on that. Alright, Well at least we agreed on something. So You're a fan of this. So do you like the stadium?


No, I mean I think the stadium looks fucking beautiful. I Think it is. I think it's very cool. We were kids when they got a new stadium. I don't think that the stadium that they have is outdated. I mean it's, I guess it's 20 years old. It is older than 20 years. It's almost, it's almost 40. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it was built in 90, 97 to 99, 97, 98. And then the team came back in 99. Yeah. So it's close to 30 years old. I mean it's not like, I mean I don't know what the average age of an NL stadium is, but it ain't new, that's for sure. Not anymore. I don't know why I like it when they're downtown.


I don't like when the Teams I'm with you man. I'm with you. Play like, I think it's something that's so cool. It's just something about taking the rapids all the way downtown. And I'm sure they'll have some sort of way that you could take the rapids out to Brook Park from everywhere in Cleveland. But yeah, I'm sure it's just such a unique feeling going downtown, feeling the excitement of everyone going down to the, to the busiest part of city in that atmosphere that it creates in Cleveland. For sure. Yeah. The entire metropolitan area is Cleveland, right? That's the way we are associated with Right. It's not Brook Park. So going out to play in Brook Park doesn't feel as cool to me. It doesn't feel like it's as much Cleveland. I'm pretty sure municipal. I'm not sure where municipal stadium was.


How was it? Cleveland, but it, I don't Think it was downtown. Yes, it was Municipal Stadium. Yeah, it was downtown. Pretty sure. All right, well you're better than me. I thought it was. Oh, the NBA team used to play out in Richfield. That's what I'm thinking. The Cavs used to play out and then they moved that downtown. They created the Gateway Sports District in in the, in the nineties and that brought both teams downtown and that's when the baseball team was thriving. NBA was at its peak. I don't know. Yeah, The Cleveland municipal stadium was on the lake. Yeah, There you go. I Think it was like right by where the First energy or Huntington Bank is. Yeah. Alright, well let's keep it moving.


Shout Out to Cleveland and the new stadium. Well done guys. Jason's DEXA scan. What are you over there talking about? What do you got going? Bo Allen reached out and Honey bo bo, He said, Hey, do you wanna do a competition and who can lose the most body fat percentage but still gain muscle? I don't know. Bo wants to have some competition So we agreed to get DEXA scans. So I find I got a DEXA scan for the first time. Ah, very fat. I see That is a lot of fat in there. Yeah, it is. It's kind of embarrassing seeing your body broken down like this. Although I'm not gonna lie, it's a good calf to hamstring ratio I think. Trav, what do you think my total mass is?


I'm not sure what that's even what you're even asking me. Weight. What do you think my weight is? Your weight. Your weight is 2 83. Close. Close. I'm two 70. 6.6 according to the scan. My lean mass. You've lost 30 pounds. That's crazy. I've lost 20 pounds. I was never heavier than 300. Well I did maybe a couple times I was tip 300 in the NFL. It's All the same. Go ahead. Lean mass. 207 pounds of muscle. I feel like it's pretty good. Two, 7.6. Strong strong man. It's a strong man right there. 58.7 pounds of fat. Ah, It's a lot of fat.


We gotta get that down. It's a lot of fat. We gotta get that down. Yeah. According to this metric it is exactly 21, 20 1% body fat. That's all I know. 21% of your body is fat. 21.2. All right. Yeah. I mean two 70 is you're fucking hefty load dude. Big man. So I get it, I get it. But that is a lot of, that's a lot of muscle as well. Alright, so what's the point of, what's the point of this? This you and Bo, you and Bo just wanted to have a competition. Dude, This is what you do competi. This is why you're still playing. This is why you're still playing football because when you retire you have to do stupid competitions like this to keep your sanity. So Bo and I are gonna try and lose as much body fat percentage as possible in three months.


We have the Ocean Drive event that we do for the Eagles Autism Foundation every year. So what was, do we know Bo, what was B'S Dexus scan? Where is he at Bose BS at 18 point something. So I'm actually slight advantage He starting better. Yeah, hell slight advantage For the competition faster. Yeah, He's, we have more to cut 18% body fat and I think two 80 something. So Bo's Honey, bo bo's doing All right. 18 at fucking two. So he weighs more than you but has less body fat. Well If you ever seen Bo's ass, Bo's got a big old don on him. I was about to say, I think he, that's the disadvantage right there. Yeah. Bo I think his lean mass is like two 20. So he is got like roughly 15 pounds of muscle more than me too. Okay. So this is how the competition works.


For every percentage lost, we get two points. Okay. Okay. So every percentage of body fat, you lose two points. Okay? For every lean mass pound gained, you get a point. So If you get you muscle on, you get a point. And If you lose body fat percentage, you get two points. I don't know why we dec determine this Point system. Have you heard this competition before? And Well, Bo was really specific in the way he wanted this judged. And then he said the loser has to wear a speedo at the ocean drive of it. Is this just a competition? That's What it feels like. It feels like Bo just wants to wear a Speedo. Like, like he wants, that's what it feels like. He just wants to wear a Speedo at the OSHA drive.


He has less pat to give up. He He wants to be like, oh, I have to wear a Speedo twist my arm. Oh no, Jason won. Oh, that's hilarious. I I I feel like we can't let that be the factor that happens If you lose. I Think it is, I think it's motivation for You. I up, I think we should, we should Open, open. Think it's motivation for You. We should. Oh yeah. I definitely don't wanna wear a Speedo. I'm definitely packing that thing if I have to. I'm packing it with a socks and anything I can fit in there. If we do lose, I think we should leave it up to the fans on Twitter.


Oh my gosh. Is Hilarious. To throw out different recommendations about what we should have to do if we lose. And then we'll take it to a poll And then we'll take it to a poll. All Right. If Bo, If You open to 92 Percenters Bo, if you're open to that Bo Well, I don't wanna say 92 Percenters 'cause green light's involved too. We're gonna have to find A way to, okay, so the 90 centers in green light. Yeah. Yeah. We're, We're gonna have to find a way to involve both fan bases in choosing this. Nice. But I think that this could be a lot of fun. A lot of fun. There you go. The guy did say, apparently you can, you can see how like dense your bones are with this thing. He said my head was one of the thickest heads he's ever, you know, DEXA scanned. Yeah. I dunno if that's the years of hitting it or if that's just like genetic or both.


I think it's all I might have. I got a fucking dome, but I don't think I'm dense. Oh, I think it's dense. It's not much up there. Well that's because it's, it's packed so tightly it's hard to get stuff out. All right. Biggest new news. 92 Percenters. We're officially launching our new Heights YouTube membership. Hey, that's right. As a member, you'll get access to full episodes video perks such as footage that never makes it to the feed, which is terrifying for me and Jason to have to hear and all the bonus videos, badges and other stuff that will make you stand out. That's right. This Thursday we're dropping in exclusive convo with Aspen dot com's athlete of the week.


Hey. That's right. Jake, Chad. Jake, you're the athlete of the week. What Did you do? My gosh, that's Jake. That's right. Yeah. He is on the front of Sports Illustrated here. Guts and glory. Hey AB as he is. Jake forgot to tell us that he played for the Oakland A's back in the day. Hey. And was the guts of the, the Bay area there. Jake, I didn't know you were a heavyweight when you were a kid. That's awesome. I was about to say, What's your Dexa DEXA Scan Lately? Jake of Andrew Gardner in that Bat. Andrew Gardner. Yeah. Chip monks. What? Chip Monks Unpack.


What is it? Unpack. There it is. Check it out today on New Heights YouTube channel Subscribe now. Yeah. 92 Percenters unload. See It. Chipmunks unload. There it is. The unload, unload chipmunks on YouTube. Before we get to the Jason Tatum interview, we got some fan mentions. We want to give a big shout out to thank you to all the 92 Percenters who tag us with all of this beautiful hobby horsing. That's Right. Abby Rad Milovich, I believe is how you say it. Yes. Not sure how this ended up on my algorithm, but it seems Check this out. Look at this. This chick is ju I mean this is impressive Travis. She's straight jumping over hurdles that are taller than her.


Yeah. Makes you ask how much, how much higher she could jump if she didn't have that fucking silly ass. She can fucking be. You ever just tried high jumping, you can go represent your country. And I think this might be more challenging than high jumping if we're being honest. I mean, I'm over this Jason, what this is dude, they're just jumping more challenging. She's gotta do like a whole gate, look at the frolic and then she's frolicking into a high jump. There's a lot more form and technique involved in this. I cannot agree to that, but I do think this is the most impressive hobby horse eating thing I've seen. The Bar is at her neck and she's jumping over.


Its straight. Yeah. Did she invent that technique or is this something that's like common in hobby horsing? Gosh, We're gonna need Jet Drake's sister to jump in on this one. Yep, We do. Should I try hobby Horsing? I mean, only if like when you hit the bar, it doesn't just fall off the thing. If the bar is there for good meaning, If you hit it, you will fuck your shit up. You want me to get hurt? Yes. But if it's just I'm not, no. I wanna see, I wanna see a life or death situation. Try. I don't wanna see just, I'm itching to Do Athletic jumping over. I wanna, I wanna get into it. You know what, I wanna jump play Rugby. You just popped your, I wanna play all this stuff, I think.


Yeah, I know, but this, I got on the ice. I finally got on the ice, dude. Nice. How was it? Dude, I literally look like Happy Gilmore trying out for a hockey team. Like it is so bad. It is a full send for me. But it is. I, you could tell I am off balance. You could tell every slab shot I end up on the ice. But How'd, how'd it make you feel Like a little kid? Sure. I loved every fucking bit of it. The best. Dude. It was fucking epic. I just wanna like, it was so much fucking fun. I just Wanna go around different beer leagues and freaking like, just play. Just lemme, I'm with You, dude. Does that sound fun?


Yeah. Is there a beer league that you could just, every league there, beer league's everywhere. Every league in Philadelphia. Just tell em, just have you like, just sponsor. Well sponsor the league and be like, I can join any team. I got a kid coming. I can't be doing every beer league, but I even wanna do like stuff that's like obscure, like hobby horsing or like darts or I guess darts isn't, I'm, I shouldn't throw that in with hobby horse. Anyways. If you ever seen Gaelic football, there's a a league around our block. Oh. A bunch of like Irish people. There's a like large contingency in Havertown. Okay. And a lot of them will play Gaelic football where you, like, it's this weird sport where you have to dribble, you have to touch the ball with your foot, but they carry it with their hands. So like every two steps, they're kicking the ball back up to their hands, like they're dribbling.


And then there's a, Okay, I think I've seen this. Yeah. And then there's also a goalie and a goal. So it's like soccer combined with like rugby and I, I, it's very hard to explain. I'm here. I love back backyard games. Those things are the fucking punch. It's not a backyard game. There's like, this is like in Ireland, there's a full on like league and it's kind of cool. You have to play for the county that you live in for Gaelic football. Like wherever you're from. You can't play for like another county, I don't think. I think you have to play for the county that you grew up In. But it's ba it is basketball. It's, you're just combining different games. It does sound, it does feel like that, but I think it's an older, I think it's been around for a minute. Maybe not. It's also hurling.


I could try hurling. I guess I'm just naming Irish games. Yeah, That'd be fun though. This all sounds great. I'll probably get hurt. Jesus. Now that for you un fattened yourself, Jason. Nice. We'll shout out to the, the fan mention of the week there. I say we tossed this to the old Jason Tatum interview. Hey, get to what all the 92 Percenters have been waiting For. I'm with that


Alrightyy, thank you to our partner Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Oh yeah. I mean, this is, You know, I feed my fandom every march with Reese's peanut butter cups. Of course. A chocolate and buttery peanut butter delight. That peanut butter and chocolate fits perfectly with the madness. Yeah. I mean, this level of craziness deserves a snack that I'm crazy for. Mm. And Reese's cups are the candy champ. I need the Reese's just to keep my sanity while my entire bracket gets completely demoralized. It's a big, it's a big sanity for my mental happiness and my taste. Bud. Happiness. Thank God I have Reese's. What's your favorite Right now? Ooh. I was smacking all those Reese's sticks. Whatever you do, feed your fandom with Reese's Peanut butter cups. The go-to snack of March, April, may, October. Every single month. Every single year. Buy Reese's peanut butter cups now at a store near you found wherever you can get candy. I mean, it's pretty much the easiest to find Candy. You go into a store, they're gonna have Reese's enjoy.


All right, Jason, you want to do the honors? Let's do it. Are are, are you, you, you ready? Who are you talking to? Are you talking to me or are you talking to Jason? God, This is, so this is gonna be tough, man. I is it jt? I I guess I gotta go. Jt. Yeah, I go jt. Nice, nice. I heard you took that nickname over anyways. From, from Jeff Teague back in. Yeah, I heard that one. All right, so JT it is. Alright. That'll help him be at least differentiated. Go ahead, Jay, Sean. All Righty. Our guest today is former Mr. Show me basketball from St. Louis, Missouri. Missouri. He's a McDonald's All American six time NBA all star from the reigning NBA Boston Celtics.


Jason Tatum, everyone. Yeah. Jt, Let's go. Appreciate that. NBA champion. Jt. How we doing brother? I'm doing good. Thanks for having me. Good. No, thanks for coming on. Yeah, we saw the ankle injury up there in Sacramento, man. Hopefully everything's good. And you'll be, you'll be back on the court asap, brother. But how's, how's everything feeling? I'm, I'm feeling good man. It's, it's a few benefits to being 27. You know, you recover a little bit faster. Let 'em know. Let 'em live. Man. What it was like, Ooh. I can remember the Days I sprayed my calf jumping rope the other day. That's what I did. Yeah. That's awesome, man. What's dude, the Cel Celtics were just sold, right?


Yeah. Recently $6.1 billion. What was your cut? I won't disclose that on this show. The will play smart man, right? There is a smart man. I don't know nothing that's, that had to be like, interesting news though, for you as a player. Like I've, I've never had my like, organization sold before. It's always been the same ownership since the sixties, essentially. Same family. Is it like, do you expect to have like a different feel in the, in the building or A different feel? I, I don't think so. I think the weirdest part was when I found out that it was, the process was gonna start was like a few days after we won a championship.


So that was, that was a, a weird conversation. But you know, after that you just start to understand the process and you know, the candidates and, and things like that. And I actually got to meet Bill last night. He came to Sacramento. Him and his wife, you know, seeing my great people and we've had a few conversations. So just looking to add to, to what we have. You know, obviously we have a really good thing going and like where our co-chair is at. Heck yeah. All right. Well Wikipedia has got you nicknamed the anomaly. Has anybody that is close to you ever actually called you the anomaly? Man, I, Twitter is not a real place.


I'll say that. I concur. I Would run with that one. I like it. The anomaly is a good one. I don't know who came up With that. That's a bang. It is a banger. You are the anomaly dog. What's like one of the most random nicknames that you've gotten? Maybe not even on Twitter, just like growing up or like in the park or, or wherever. A lot of my close friends, they call me Taco, Taco, Taco. That's, I wasn't expecting that one's just 'cause you like tacos. What is, what is the why Taco? What's the connection there? Just, that's my favorite. My mom, my favorite thing that my mom used to make when I was growing up. I used to eat tacos all the time. Shout out mom for making some, some banging tacos. We Going corn tortilla flour, tortilla.


What we going with? I'm a real simple guy. Hard shell ground Beef, hard shell nice Talking about man, my heart shell guy too, man. And some sauce that I don't need much. Okay. Alright. After one year at Duke, you were drafted just at 19 years old. I don't know what the fuck I would be doing if, if I was a professional at 19, let alone a professional NBA player. What was, you gotta tell this. What was the silliest thing you bought with your first like NBA check? Did you do anything crazy? Did you like go out and grab something insane? Like a fucking human sized hamster ball or some shit?


To me, I, I would always tell people that the best part or the, the best part of I guess experience, you know, having money for the first time at such a young age, I could go to the grocery store and just buy whatever I wanted. Everything I could go to CVS and I could get 10 bottles of soap and it just, You get a lot of tacos, Think It Get out. Whole lot of tacos with that. That's good shit right there. But that was like, it, it wasn't anything crazy expensive. It was just like, I remember going to the grocery store with my mom and you know, having a budget to get one of each. Oh yeah. It was like, and we go to the grocery store, we get what we want. The pantry's full. You know it man, I remember When I was 19, Xbox was like the big thing and Halo and all them games were still popular but you couldn't really play online.


Like they had just started to do that. So you have to do, they used to call it the land connections. You have to ever have to do the LAN connection where you would link 'em with a ethernet cable. This might even be before, this is how old we are. Travis, people don't even know about the LAN the land connection anymore. Jason, you're insane. This is all people talk about as ethernet. Go ahead Jason. Alright, Whatever. Either way we would ring him through the dorms up and through the ceilings so you could play with each other in different dorm rooms. Anyways, that would've been what I would've done. I would've rigged up the most dope setup of Xbox. I could've figured Out Jason turned 19 and found out he was eligible to go and get a loan out so then he could then buy a TV to play video games on.


That was bigger than the TV he already had. So that's what we were doing when we were 19. Oh man. But stuff in the pantry definitely does it man. That had to be, that had to be fucking crazy though. Are you a fan of the, the one and done rule like the year at Duke? Did you Think it, like, made you that much better and prepared for the NBA or do you think you might've been able to be one of those guys that went that just jumped straight to the NBA? It's A good question Trav, Man. People ask me that all the time. I, I would like to think I would've, you know, still figured it out. But I benefited so much from going to college in the sense of like, like when I got to college, that was my first time playing with, you know, other really good players, right?


I went to Duke. I was, we were the number one recruiting class and we had Grayson Allen and Luke Kenard. Like, we had like seven pros in our team. So it was the first time learning to like, play off the ball, play with other really good players. Yeah. Be in those environments, lift weights, condition, learn about nutrition. I would do it all over again. Like, I would go back knowing what I know now, I learned a lot and it prepared me for when I got to the NBA. Yeah, For sure. Man. It's, it's cool to hear though that it kind of like, it gets your professionalism. It, it, it makes you understand how to be a pro, especially at a program like Duke. Yeah.


With Coach K and everybody. I'm sure you, you, you saw the, the, what is it, the, the prestige of it and you were like, you bought in immediately. Let's talk a little March Madness. Jason, you want to hit it? Yeah, let's talk college while we're on college. We'll stay where we're at Right now. We're in the best time of college basketball that there is March Madness in full effect. Ah, God. Did you fill out a bracket? Yeah. I mean it was pretty easy for me. You knew who it was just a straight line for Duke all the way to the championship. You knew, You knew McNee was gonna be Clemson gave Me, Knew it. I Mean the final of my bracket every year is the same.


But this is the best I've felt about my bracket in a very, very long time. I'm sure. Yeah. I don't know. What do you think so far? Who's in your final four outside of Duke? Obviously we're pulling Duke. Who else did you think was gonna, is gonna get Just go all number ones or what? Two Of my final fours are out. I'm screwed. I'm out of this thing. Think I Tried Houston, Florida and Michigan State. I got Michigan State and Duke and Went j he Jason went Michigan State. Jt It's all about physicality. Toughness. Good coaching. That's what it's about. Travis, you Just hype this man up more than you could ever imagine. You just Did. He, this is coming from a guy that literally just looks at what school would beat up the other school in a fight.


That's right. And that's who he picks, that's What a basketball game is. Fight. I mean, to get the ball through the hoop Team. I like him in a fight for sure. Right. Detroit or I should have said the men not Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. I got dude going all the way. Man. Cooper Flag's been an unbelievable player. He's he's got a lot of hype. I know you were playing against him a little bit in the, the USA practices. The first time I saw him play live was, this was two summers ago. I I I hosted my first JT Elite camp. So I had like the best nice 20, 25 players in the country, you know, that were sophomores and juniors or whatever. So it's been cool to see like hanging around those guys there for a weekend and a lot of 'em are in a tournament now.


Heck you. And you know, the first impression I had of, of Coop was just how hard he played, how he competed, you know, in high school. It is, it's rare to see a guy that wants to guard the other best player trying to block every shot, rebounding. And he just plays the right way. He has a great feel for the game. He knows how to set a screen, he knows when to cut. He, he likes to get his teammates involved and you know, it's been on full display all season and a big reason why, you know, they have a chance to, to win a championship. Heck, you I love it. I, one of the things I love doing now that I'm an older player watching young guys, sometimes it's the way they move. Sometimes it's their mentality, but you pick up on things and it's, it's just fun seeing a young player like, man, I really think there's something in that kid.


And then all of a sudden, you know, this kid's the best player in the country. And I'm sure that has to be awesome for you. Especially playing for Duke. It's the brotherhood. It has to be man. Yeah. Everybody who ever played for the program, whether they 10 years older than me or 10 years younger. Like, whenever we see each other, it's, it's always love. I I always go back and, and work out with the, with the team and play pickup with 'em and stuff like that. Because that's what happened when I was there. Jaar Parker came back, JLI fer, all these guys. So it's just, it's a part of the program is the pride that comes with it. And you just, you you want to help push it forward and you know, I'm always rooting for 'em and You know, I hope they cut the nest down this year. Not only is it a brotherhood, but it's also a sisterhood.


You just donated shoes Yeah. To the Dukes women's Team. It's a whole family over there, man. I Sent, actually, I, I sent both the programs from shoes, but Carol Lawson, she was an assistant coach with the Celtics. My third year, the year the pandemic happened, we went to the bubble. Oh nice. A week into the bubble. She got the, or it might have been like two days she got the head coaching job at Duke. So we spent, I spent like six months with her. Unbelievable person. Unbelievable coach love her to death. So anytime that I can, you know, support them and, and, and help that program out, I try. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Nice man. They Gave a walk-on some minutes in the first two games. I mean, that's pretty good when you're giving walk on Walk-ons are getting in like Duke's playing pretty good basketball Belt to as that's Belt to as As I hear it.


I Hear it. They giving big ones. Hell yeah. That shit's gotta be electric every time. I used to go to the uc basketball games and, and the walk-ons would get in. Man, the crowd knows that which guys are in and it just gets fucking nuts in there if they can get a shout off or get a, or at least make a bucket. Yeah. And it's probably the same like with, with the guys on the practice squad, like with you guys, they for sure Oh yeah, for sure. Spend all this time with you as they, you know, in the practice squad and, and, and film and workouts every single day with you. And then, you know, they finally get opportunity even if it's at the end of the game. Right. You, you just, you really happy for 'em. 'cause you understand, you know, they, they wish you every step of the way, but they might not always get the, the opportunity or the, the recognition, but they're just as much as part of the team as you know, the rest of the guys.


For sure. Was it always Duke, was Duke like the top team for you? Did, did you always like, love them growing up? And did you always like see yourself going there? Who was, who was on j t's leaderboard growing up or who were, what jersey did you have on growing up? I had a Evan Turner, Ohio State Jersey. Oh My gosh. E turner. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Okay. I mean you grew up in St. Louis. So it's a, there's a little bit of big 10 country, Midwest Little Bit area. And Ohio State was at the top of the top of the charts for, for quite a while around those years For sure. And football as well. So like, I played football for like seven, eight years when I was younger.


What, what position, what were You playing? You were playing white out. What were you Playing? Time out. We're not, we're not getting off of this yet. Yeah, We're not going off of it. I played quarterback for the first six years and then ride receiver my last two. So my last year I played was eighth grade, so I was gonna play in high school, but then, you know, my parents was like, I think we're gonna Yeah. Focus And you might be drafted in only Yeah, four more years. We should probably stick to this. Yeah. But we went to Florida twice. I won in JFL National championship in Florida. Lost one year. I'll never forget we played this team called the Delray Rocks. They was like green and white. What made them unforgettable Belt to ass.


They, yeah, Yeah. 50 to zero looked Like, looked like They had grown men on the field For sure. Dallas Carter and, what is it? Friday night Lights, All those guys. That's too funny, man. We all played against a team like that, especially in middle school, man. We used to play a team down the hill called Kurt. Yep. And they were right there in East Cleveland. Man, it felt like they had kids that were 18 years old. It, I mean I had never been ran the fuck over like that at that age ever in my life. I was always one of the biggest Kids. Well, Shaw was the high school. Kirk was the middle school. Yeah. Kirk was bad too because a lot of the kids were held back. I wrestled a kid with a beard in middle school that was talking about intimidating.


You're an eighth grader, you, you just started to get pubes and all of a sudden this guy's got a full beard across from you. Like, I don't, I was like, what is going on Right now? Right. I won, I got 'em. I got 'em. So If it wasn't Duke, If it wasn't Duke, who were you thinking about going to? So Ohio State was on the list or, So I was a big Ohio State fan. Like growing up. Yeah. Even when they had Terrell Pryor, Ted and Junior tv. Oh yeah. I used to love the football team. Those football teams were crazy. They were basketball team. You know, when I got older and I got to high school, it really came down to, so I only took one official visit. Like I only took one official visit at the Duke. And I, I knew right away when I was there, I, I was a junior in high school and I was like, this is, this is where I wanna be a long shot.


My second choice would've been St. Louis University just 'cause Hometown. I I thought I might've been homesick if I left. So there was a part of me that like, man, I, I think I might wanna stay close to my family. Yeah. You know, after I took my visit, it was really like, You know, I, this is, if I want to get to that next step, this is gonna be the best place for me to go. Before we get out of this March Madness stuff, what's your first memory of March Madness? Like what do you, can you take me back to being in St. Louis and, and having the, the love for basketball following the tournament? One of the biggest moments growing up, Honestly, I would have to say I vividly remember in 2010, Brad Stevens probably not gonna like this, but I remember Butler's point against, I remember watching Butler play against Duke and, and Gordon Hayward shooting at a half court shot.


Yeah. Hitting, backboard, running out. And actually, ironically, I was cheering for Butler at that point. I didn't hate Duke, but I didn't, I never envisioned myself. Right. I never thought Coach K would come to my house and, and recruit me. So Duke just seemed kind of like outta the realm or the possibility. Okay. So that was my earliest memory of just watching Butler and, and, and Duke play in the national championship and just envisioning myself like, man, one day, you know, I'm gonna play in March Madness. And you know, it came true. Oh Yeah. We can't talk about Duke without talking about Coach K. What was it like playing for coach? It was quite the experience for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Ha Yeah. You gotta tell us man.


Nah man, coach, that's my guy. He is a unbelievable person. Somebody that I still talk to, obviously, you know, pretty frequently to this day, he still always checks up on me. That's awesome. A leader amongst men. Right? He just, his ability to motivate guys to get you to buy in, to get you to run through a wall. And you, you guys know being in college, like being coaching 18 to to 21 year olds and getting them to believe in something bigger than themselves. I think he was unbelievable at that. He was great at making you uncomfortable in, in ways that he knew that it would make you better. Nice. Being at, at Duke and, and playing for Coach K, it, it definitely prepared me for the next level.


And it wasn't always great moments. He cussed me out a lot and, and, and things like that. But it was well warranted in those moments. That's What I'm talking about. I love some good tough love man. Gotta have it sometimes Made me criticize myself more and that's how, that's how I ended up getting better. Just start criticizing myself on everything. Whenever You have a coach who's really trying to push you, you're gonna have those moments. I know I've had it with every great coach I've ever been with and every great teammate. Like, if you're always just comfortable around people, you're usually not testing those extremes to make each other better. That's just the reality of it. I've been cussed out by my, my dad in football. You know, I've been, I mean, everybody's given it to me, so it's part of the territory For sure.


Oh man, that just reminded me, one of dad's best, one of his best rules. He never was a basketball guy and I ended up like gravitating towards basketball around like elementary school and middle school. It really took off for me in high school. I took it serious and he always told me, he said, if you're, if you're not getting three fi at least three foul a game, you're not being aggressive enough. You get five, You Get five. That's solid advice. I'm, we're being honest. That's solid advice For sure. Until you get three in the first quarter, you're fuck. All right. All right. I need to, I need to, I'm Gonna go sit on the bench Football. It really is. That's all he is. Like, you're gonna be an intimidator.


Oh, I was gonna ask you John Shire, man, coach Shire his, was he there when you were there? Yes, John is, he's the guy that actually recruited me. Is that right? What? He was going door to door trying to get guys to come to Duke. I joke with him all the time that, you know, he should thank me that he's the head coach now. Nah, John, I, I talk to John every single day. That's Awesome, man. That is, that's my guy. He is done an unbelievable job. He was recruiting Luke Kenard outta Akron. We had a tournament, I think I was a sophomore. I might've been a freshman, freshman or sophomore. And we had a tournament in Milwaukee.


Kenard was supposed to play on the court next to me, but I don't think his game started yet. So I think John was waiting on his game to start and he just happened to sit down and, and, and watch our game. And I, I tapped one of my teammates, I'm like, yo, he coach, he worked at Duke and we had like 10 minutes left and I was just like, I just got to it. Yeah. I just worked. He's like one of the greatest shooters ever at Duke. He is. He just came back to the next game and the next game and then, you know, eventually got a call that Duke had offered me a scholarship and, you know, never looked back. So I remember Shire, chuck and threes during, during his times at Duke and his prime. And your prime at Duke.


Only who was a better shooter. I mean, he gonna see this, I at Duke, He gonna see, I love the preface, like I'll give it to John when I was at Duke. I hear you. He, he was a better shooter at Duke, but There you go. There you go. So you're in your eighth season, does you, do you finally feel like an NBA veteran? You know, I mean obviously you came in in 19, now you've championships you've been in for a while now. Like, I mean, how's it feel differently than your rookie year? What, what's, what have you learned most from your rookie season? Oh man, I could write a book. Yeah. Alright, well, we'll be looking for it.


Yeah, you can catch it on Audible. Shout out. Do I feel like a vet? No, like I just turned 27. Like, I, you guys probably know, I feel like I got drafted yesterday. I remember what it felt like. But year after year, it's like when the rookies come in and you'll see their, their comments, their interviews at, at the draft and like, you know, who did you model your game after? And now I'm starting to be Yep. One of the guys that they looked up to know. Yeah. And that transition is like, whoa. Like You're still in your twenties, man. Like, I'm like, I remember looking up the kd Look up me, I just got here.


What do you, I, I guess I'm transitioning to in the NBA veteran, just 'cause you know, I've been in playoffs every year. I played over a hundred playoff games. So basketball terms, yes. But You know, I just turned 27, so I still feel just as young. Well, speaking of other guys, looking up to you, who are the vets that you looked up to? Who did you model your game after? Oh man. I mean, Kobe was my, my, my idol. That was my favorite player. You know, kind of like why I fell in love with the game. Yeah. Guys that I really studied Kad would be at the top of that list. Mellow Paul George. Then I get to the league and, you know, you, you guys probably understand this as good as anybody.


Al Horford from a professional standpoint, like somebody that came to work every day, had a routine, had a plan, whether it was a practice day, a game day, or an off day. That was so beneficial to me of like, you know, when I was young, I just think I could show up, put my shoes on and get on the court. Of course. And Al really showed me, not even by telling me, just by like watching him go through his routine. And now he's in absolutely Al's in year 18 and still a vital part of a championship team. I learned so much from him of, you know, what it is like to have a routine and, and create your own and what works best for you. I think that's so important for, for any young guy coming into the league is like, you need a routine.


You need a plan every day, and your plan is gonna look different from other guys, but every single day you should know what you need to attack, what you need to do to get yourself ready for, you know, whatever it is to come up. I Love what you just said, 'cause it, it's so true. Everybody has players you look to growing up and that's the end product that's on the field or on the court. And Of course you wanna do things that they're doing out there, but once you get there, whether, and you start learning it really in college and then the NFL, you see guys that are getting an edge or prepare in a way and you're like, Hey, I like, I really like what he's doing there. I'm gonna start doing that. Or, You know, I I, this guy gets the most out of the meeting room because he's taking notes or you know, how does he do that?


And you're drawn from all these guys. So I think you're right, a hundred percent. Like that's really what ends up making the biggest difference is how you prepare for game day. You ain't lying game day's. A manifestation of all the preparation that went into it, as well as all the God-given Talents. And I'm telling you, keep having those conversations with the, the guys that are out the league that, You know, I mean are later in their career because I'm still learning from guys. I'm taking shit that my brothers told me. I'm taking stuff from You've never, you've never Told, I've been telling you for, I told you last year, get out of them cleats and you didn't do it one time You told me literally to wear the special You're ridiculous. I know it didn't work. It didn't work. No, but he, I still take notes from a guy like Tony Gonzalez or, or a guy like, like UNC Shannon Sharp.


I'll hear what these guys, you know, say they did towards the end of their careers that helped them get the best outta their body week in, week out. And it's like, it's just a nonstop like cycle of like trying to better yourself. And I can, I can see it Right now, the way Al Horford plays the game, his alertness, his attention to detail. He's always in the right spot, always ready for the moment. Like I could see that definitely being somebody you could look up to, man, or at least take notes from like that your profile picture is actually you with, with Kobe Bryant. And we were talking about how he was the guy that kind of got you into, you know, loving the game of basketball a little bit or at least, you know, you idolized and we all idolized at some point our in our lives.


Is it weird playing against the, or playing for the Celtics against that guy who is literally at the top of the Lakers? Did you, did you always kind of envision yourself maybe playing in a Laker uniform or Yeah, We don't gotta answer it, we don't gotta, They had the second pick. So there was a part of me that's just like, man, my, my dream of being in NBA is about to come true. And then like, my real dream of playing for the team that, You know, I grew up a fan of, You know, I was, it was so close. But yeah, it made me appreciate it a lot more. Just like I remember, I remember first day I walked into Staples Center, like the first time we played the Lakers and I was in disbelief of just like, man, I, I watched so many of his games in this building and now like I'm on the same floor in that moment it bridged the gap of like me and my favorite player.


Like I got to share the floor, you know, of the place that he, you know, helped build. That's pretty fucking epic. And man, that's what sports is about. Like, you guys understand our responsibility is to motivate and inspire the next generation. Somebody inspired you guys, he inspired me and you guys have inspired millions of kids to be the next Jason or, or, or Trav. And it's cool about what we do is, you know, somebody watching us that's gonna grow up like, man, they really helped me, you know, motivate me even if we never met 'em before. Right? They, they, they help motivate the next kid to chase their dream. And You know, I that's one of the coolest things about, you know, what we do in my opinion for sure.


Yeah. Hell yeah. You know, Unbelievably well said. A hundred percent. I think everybody remembers when they were a kid looking up to somebody. When you see kids come up to you, that's one of the bright spots of being a, an athlete, right? You get to know, see that innocence and just like that genuine pleasure of like interaction is just incredible. And Kobe, even for, he came and talked to us. We were a full on NFL team in 2017 and he was from Philly, but the year we won the Super Bowl, he came and talked to the team and even then, like still motivating, there were guys that took more away from that conversation than they had taken away from anybody in the football world. And how he prepared, how he got ready, how he, his process and, and getting better.


Like it was, it was phenomenal. So I'll never forget that. He was great. Probably one of the best people we've ever had talk in to the team since I was in the Eagles. It was great. What was your impression of Boston fans initially, but, or at least before you got to, to Boston? To Be honest, like before I got to Boston, I didn't know much or really pay attention. I, I grew up a Laker fan, so I, I didn't really like the Celtics and I, I wasn't aware of, you know, the Boston sports culture For sure. Oh Yeah. Patriots beat the Rams. So just growing up from St. Louis, like the Red Sox beat the Cardinals like St. Louis, you just don't really like Boston. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Whether it's a TNT game, it's a preseason game or a league pass game on Monday, it's, we always sell out majority of the time when we go on the road, like every game is road trip.


It's been three straight games. We hear, let's go Celtics chants throughout the arena. Like our fans just traveled so well, they show up early and often it was a relief and it was a special moment. It win the championship in front of 'em and then, you know, you guys being on a parade, it was the best two hours of my life and having 2 million people in green and white outside, you know, cheering you on and expressing their joy for, you know what we accomplished it, it, it was special. For sure. Of course. There we go. What's it like playing for Joe? You enjoy that? Joe is crazy. He Seems, he seems like quite the character We actually talked about.


You, we, we played Portland the other day and I got, I had got a tech with like, we was, the game was basically over. I ended up getting a tech with like 30 seconds left. Yeah. So I'm always here for a good fourth quarter tech. Yep. Right. So Joe, he comes up to me after the game. He like, so If you get, If you get like 16 or 17 techs, you get suspended for a game. So Joe like, he like, yo, can you just get four more so you can get suspended? I'm like, Joe, I think I'm done. He like, I would, I would much rather you just come punch me. I I I wanna fight. I Love, He's like, he's, you see when, when Travis Kelce running to Andy Reid do that to me.


I love it. Oh my. Keep in, keep It in house baby. Keep it In. Yeah, that's right. Shout out to Coach Reed for being the man for not getting too riled up, but No, that's too funny man. You can tell Joe does it the right way, man. He, he seems like he has you guys enjoying what you're doing and, and that's always, I think the hardest part is as a coach in any of these professional leagues is making it serious, intentional, but at the same time so, so loose that everybody feels comfortable being themselves and making it, you know, a fun thing or an enjoyable process, you know what I mean? He seems like he's got that all figured out man. I don't think coaches get enough credit for that.


'cause it's, I mean, you guys got 60 people on the team. I have no idea how you guys do that. You know, there's only 15 or so of us, but Joe does an unbelievable job of just managing ev all the personalities and the ups and downs throughout the season and getting us to buy in. Thank you. That's really important. So mark of a great Coach. I'll tell you what man you just mentioned there's like 60 guys on our team and you guys got just 12, but Do you know everybody on your team? Yeah, Of course. I mean at, at, there are obviously there are like the handful of guys like on the practice squads and, and everything that come in and out per week. Like, we'll we will have a like a, a transition and like a switch in and out every single week of like just guy development guys.


But for the most part, I know everybody, I, if I don't know you, I'll go up to you and say what's up? Like, you, you want to be able to at least, you know what I mean, keep it and make everybody feel like they're a part of it. You know what I mean? What's the he on the D line? Tur. Turhan? Yeah, he's in St. Louis. Guy Turk. I played football with him For real. No way. Turk just got a big contract. I think Carolina think he went to Carolina, just got a huge contract. He played on the same football team. We grew up in the same neighborhood for like five years. I just, oh Man. Tur it just made me think about that. He's a tough son of a gun too, man. That's one dude I am not fucking around with. He been like that too. Yeah, He, he, he's a hell of a competitor, man.


I've seen him actually hoop. He's a, he at least he try, I'm not gonna say he's a bad hooper or a great hooper. He is like, he's just, he's gonna compete his ass off though. Of course. Sure. So he's playing good defense basically is what you're saying. You Ain't lying man. I'm not, if he's guarding me, I'm uncomfortable. If he's guarding me, I'm, he's the epitome of a, of a NFL guy playing defensive basketball. Oh dude, we gotta get on that. Do you think that, do you think an NFL player could play in the NBA? Oh my god. So, You know, we had to ask, we Gotta ask all of e every come on. I Would, I would venture to say no from both standpoints. Like I the guys that get on TV and be like, you could just take this guy from the NBA and throw him in the game this Sunday.


It's like, no, it does not work like that. Like, I mean it might No it does not. Well you mean to tell me Russell Westbrook can't go out there and give you some points, gimme give at least play special teams Not on a week's notice. And I love Rusty. I hear you on that. I hear you on this. I you actually are, you're making a great point and I hear what you're saying. I think there are a handful of guys that played in the NBA that if they had an entire like summer or a year to train and prepare, could they make an impact for sure, but like, just drop a guy from the NBA and throw him on in the game. No shot. Are there any NFL guys that could train for a year and go play in the NBA?


So listen, I have so much, Don't crush my dreams. Don't crush my dreams. I'm still, I'm 35 and I still got Hoop Dreams, man. Oh God, I got so much respect for you guys and what you guys do. It's so true. It's just a different, it's So we all know It's nothing funnier than watching football guys play basketball that I, Oh man. And How funny is it when people are like impressed with something that an FL guy does on Twitter and as a basketball player, he's gonna be like, come on guys. Like this is really what we're like. Oh wow. Yeah, he could play in the NBA, he just dunked. Yeah, that's for sure. That's all it takes. That's hilarious.


That's, that's it. That is typically the Yeah. Yeah. It's like, damn, you just did a win. You can do it, You can play in the NBA What Whatcha talking about? There's always a video that comes up on Twitter of somebody in the NFL, their high school highlights and Yeah. When they was wining and stuff and it's like, yeah, he could have been. And it's like, yeah, no, I think they chose it. Right. No, I Think it worked out. All right. You were, you were mentioning Terrell Pryor growing up. I'm what I'm, I'm telling you Right now, I think Terrell Pryor's best sport was basketball in high school. I played against him on the court and I always looked at him and other guys that were like in my grade, like all the camps that I went to and stuff. And I'm like, man, this dude, he just, he's a different type of athlete man.


And he definitely had, he had offers to go D one in both sports and just decided he wanted to be a quarterback. But it's An interesting name you brought up because Terrell was definitely athletically. He was, he was ridiculous, Man, when I tell you with the ball in his hands too, he was fucking special. So I think at that point, like in high school, If you, It's a different conversation. Depends On where you, which Direction you wanna go. You decide like, all right, instead of football, I'm gonna go give my all the basketball, then yes, then I, I definitely believe in that. But just like, oh, you've been focusing on football for the last 12 years and now no damn. And vice versa. I don't, I just don't Think it work like that. I hear you on that. Well glad we got that out the way.


That was actually a pretty good, I mean, you're right. I feel, I feel everything you're saying Kinda got sidetracked there. No, I got a question. I got one. Yeah, sure. Go ahead. Hit us. Cool. Yeah, hit us. What do you got? So this Is my first year playing fantasy football. Oh Gosh. Ooh. Oh, okay. Alright. So I was in two leagues and Ji Hoosier tight end. Mm. Mark Andrews. Oh, oh. Mark was a good one though. Mark. He finished strong. He probably helped you out in the, in the, in the playoffs for short. He finished strong with a bunch of touchdowns. I had two leagues. So in one league I had Pat, I didn't understand all about fancy football. I'm just like, oh shit, you Took a quarterback first. That's, there you go. Yeah. Gotta Go running back. Gotta go running back.


Yeah. Gotta go wide receiver. Get All the points. Should have gone saquon. Yeah. Should have gone saquon, I'm, anybody adds, Lemme go get the best player in the league, lemme go get Pat and nothing but respect for you and Pat, but it's like, It didn't work out. It didn't work out. Y'all A different, it was a different year for us. Yeah, it was a different year for 18, 18 to 12 and like, ah, wasn't cutting it for me. Yeah, you Gotta you gotta get the, either the running quarterbacks or the, like, you gotta get, you know, Jaylen's a great one 'cause he, he's gonna get, he's gonna get you like 15 push pushes into the end zone. Lamar, Lamar, Josh Lamar's a great one. Lamar, I had Lamar in my other league. He's Lamar's unbelievable obviously in the real game, but in fantasy football too.


Yeah. Oh yeah. He's, he's perfect for fantasy. I mean, he's perfect tough. He's, he's pretty perfect for regular football as well, but fantasy particularly, He's got it all covered. One of the most insane things. We were in a joint practice with the Ravens and I'm not gonna say nobody's name, but he did a juke move and a tag off like you're not even supposed to tackle. Right. You know how hard it is to juke somebody Who's just trying to tag you. He's just Supposed to like tag, you're playing tag essentially. This dude just has to like get within a seven foot wingspan of touching this guy completely falls over. I mean one of the, it was insane. The movie put on the, like to the point that both teams Eagles and Ravens just erupted in the middle of this practice. Hmm. It was so it was right then and there.


I was like, oh, this guy's way different, this guy's way different. He Please is not fucking around. Should he have won MVP or do you think they got it right? God damn. They both had great cases for MVP. The only reason I tend to think they got it right with Josh is 'cause I think Josh, a lot of the times the MVP comes down to expectations. And I think the Raven's expectations were high from the get go. And Josh lot of guys were Josh losing some of the guys that they lost. They didn't really have a lot of other star power. I think they overachieved and he had a season that was unexpected, which is why he got it. And I think that narrative a lot of times ends up being the one that wins. But both of them had merits of winning it. And that's the reality is like most years, multiple people are up for it.


So they both could have got it. But I do think that right there was the reason why I think Josh did end up getting it, but if they would've given it to Lamar, I wouldn't have been like, Hey, he deserved it too. Yeah. I, there's no wrong answer. I, I believe Let's get to some no dumb questions. All Right. Now Hao, we always ask our fan base, the 92 Percenters to send us their questions and there's no dumb questions. Just two dummies answering it and then the anomaly. So would you still want to be six foot eight If you were bad at sports? Oh, That's a great question. It's a lot of inconveniences that come with that height.


How? Like how bad? Like, like, like, like you're not even getting picked at the wreck. Yeah. Last pick in dodge ball. Yeah. I I love being six eight. I ain't gonna lie. Fair enough. I respect it. The not being able to find shoes that fit is, is, is an inconvenience I can deal with for being six eight. I love it. For Sure. If you had to play an entire game wearing flip flops, how many points are you realistically dropping? You're still finding a way to get some space Flip flops. You at least catching you can sit in the corner and catch, You know, I mean I played my ankle last night wearing basketball.


Shut up. Yeah, that's a great question. Let's, let's pass that one. Who's on, who's on your Mount Rushmore of basketball players? Oh, Mike. Brian, Kobe. This is where it gets tricky, right? I would say Kareem Reem. You going Kareem the hook shot Kareem. Okay. I respect it. I respect it. Listen man though, do you think his hook shot would still be as unstoppable in today's game? I mean like the short answer would be no. But would he adapt and still be effective? Yes. The game is not played like that today, but he was so talented and skilled that right. He would've found other ways to score the, the basketball for sure. That thing was unstoppable.


I love watching highlights of that thing. Just woo. That was the last fist fight fight Travis and I got into, he just kept doing this dumb ass hook shot in the backyard. I couldn't stop it. I last Fight I was doc jt I was, I was nice in the paint. I was only six five, but I was nice in the paint. I believe it. I was utilizing all five of my files early. Alright. What's, why is it called a feel goal In basketball? Yeah. That, that's actually very interesting. No, it makes zero sense, right? I feel Like back in the day they might've called the basket a goal. I get that part. Makes sense. The field part is never really thought about that. It's on a court and it's not a goal, but it's still called a field goal. Learn something. Go.


This is why I think it's called a field goal. This is why I think it's called a field goal. Aw, Here we go. I think they used to only have scoreboards made with the FG sit like field goals. So they just started calling 'em field goals because that's what the scoreboard had and they had to call it a field goal. No, don't let, doesn't Make any sense. I'm not, I'm not buying into any of this shit. I'm surprised nobody asked. Growing up in St. Louis, was I a Kansas City fan? I was about to say man. Hold on, hold on. You, you already mentioned the Rams once. You already mentioned the Rams once. I'm trying to think of what eras those those would've been for you to answer. Like the Steven Jackson era.


Like what, yeah, who was, who was your team? Sam Bradford. Steven Jackson. Yeah. So they won a Super Bowl 2001. They lost in oh two or oh three. And then after that they didn't make the playoffs. It was, it was a little bit of a drought For like 15 years at least. They didn't make the playoffs the rest of the time. They were in St. Louis. So I was a Peyton Manny fan. That was my favorite player. Ooh. I loved Old You went north. You went North Sheriff. Yep. Right down the street. Yep. But ironically, like when the Rams left, the older people in St. Louis just became Chiefs fans. They did. Sure, 100%. We, we, we gathered everybody in Missouri. They pretty much, when they left, I wasn't like, all right, I'm a chiefs fan now. 'cause it's Like, I don't know, St.


Louis and Kansas City just kinda always had this like cardinal, A little Bit of a rivalry. Oh Yeah, Royals. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It was like a little rivalry. Cincinnati and Cleveland had a very similar thing, especially with the, with the two being sports rivals in the, in the A FC East or the a c North. I mean, no, I, I we definitely com completely agree with that. We ended up going to Cincinnati, So we ended up getting kind of love from both cities and having that love for both cities. But so it, when when they moved to la did you go to LA with them? No, it was, So you just, and this is why you play fantasy football. You're just a fan of the league now. This is don't Have a, I don't have a team.


I appreciate players. I appreciate like, not to bring it up, but like when you guys played the Eagles this past, you know, super Bowls, like, you know, Eagles, great team, great story, but me just winning the championship and like, damn, we trying to win our second one. Oh yeah. You guys trying to make history and win your third, like, I appreciate it, you know? Yeah. Potentially watching, you know, history being made. So I, I appreciate you jumping on and, and being, and I'm sorry that you had to endure that. Nah man, that's, I respect it for sure. How do you guys feel like it's been trying to defend that championship?


Like how, how tough has it been throughout the year? And I mean, you guys are getting everybody's fucking best shot Right now, and I'm sure it's a, it's a lot different playing 16 games than it is playing 82 regular season games. Trying to, trying to like navigate week in, week out, different lineups, different, you, you know, you guys are gonna have to probably play a few games without you in it. Like, how difficult has it been? Joe Talks about all the time is he said, expect it to be tougher than, than you think. Right? None of us have been in this position besides Drew, drew won a championship with Milwaukee, but the rest of us, like, we don't, we don't know what it's like, you know, coming back after you just won a title, you know, you, you Think it can go one way and, and you know, there's, there's good stretches and then there was a, there was a stretch where, you know, there was a 12 game stretch where we, where we won one lost one won one lost one.


And we playing against teams and they, they have a guy that you know is a 30% three point shooter and that night he hit 11 threes and it's like, Yeah, everybody's getting hyped. They play you guys heck care. Everybody's excited to play you as to you're getting everybody's best shot. And then, you know, dealing with injuries and, and certain guys being out. It was tough and, and, and we had to, you know, come together and, and, and get closer. But I would say, you know, we, we 22 and four in our last 26 games, right? So we've definitely hitting our stride at the right time and you know, with 10 or so games left and getting ready for the playoffs, you know, this is when you wanna feel your healthiest, wanna feel your best, wanna be the most confident understanding that you know what's, what's ahead and you know how tough it was last year.


Expect it to be tougher this year. Yeah. 'cause what we trying to do. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Well, nice man, I think that does it for our no dumb questions. Get into our last segment, man. Get you outta here. We appreciate you having fun with us, JT man. Yep, absolutely. This is our last segment. We, we close out all the convos with a segment called We gotta Ask, but you don't have to answer. You can tell us to fuck off and kick rocks or you can have fun answering some of these silly questions, man. What was your welcome to the NBA moment? Ooh, my first two games, so man, we, we get Kyrie, our first game of the season was back in Cleveland. So Kyrie's first game back we playing LeBron.


It's on TNT I'm still 19 years old man. And this atmosphere is unlike anything I've ever been a part of. I can't even fathom this for you Right now. Oh my God. I'm playing it cool, going through my routine. I go Just play It cool man. Just play it. Cool. I remember, I I I go off for, I go off for our like, individual warmups and I just look down the court and it's Dwayne Wade warming up and I, it is just like, it was just like, wow, like I'm really, I'm really here. Oh yeah. Then I get, I put my uniform on, we go off for layup lines and I'm cool. I'm, I'm laying the ball up. Cleveland hasn't ran out yet. After like two minutes they run out and I, and, and Brian runs out last and I was like, oh shit.


Like this is, this is real first shot. I first shot of Tim. I got, he blocked that shit to like the fifth row and I was like, yeah, this is, this is what it's about. All Right. The man, that's great fucking Story here. It nice. I don't know If you saw this, did you see George Yang talking a little bit of trash the other night with Quentin Grimes? Did you See that? Yo, I love, I love George Niang. Me and you both. Me and you both. That's My, that's my dog. Yeah. All Right. And shot the three at home. Yeah. Yeah. Is the psych out still? Like did you ever watch basketball growing up?


I did. I haven't seen it in a long, it's Been a while. Oh man. So what about the psych out? What's the, what's the art to trying to psych somebody out who's about to shoot a ball? Like what's the, what's the best strategy? Like whether you're playing horse with them, like what, what's the best thing that somebody said to you or something that you found that you can say to somebody else right away to get 'em off their game? So like, say something to 'em or just all the antics that that guys do. I would say either or whichever one you wanna go with. Ooh. Are you an antics guy? You a Verbal, there's different, yeah, there's different, yeah. I don't really talk much when I play. Like I really like, we have to have a relationship like Bam at Abi. Like I've known Bam since eighth grade, Donovan Mitchell, like guys in my draft class, like if I know you, like, you know, we'll have friendly trash talk or whatever, but like, I'm not just Like, I don't, if I score on you, like I'm not gonna say I'm just gonna run back on defense.


But yeah. Always having other teams best defender guard you throughout the years seeing the different things that guys like, you know, would, would do to try to get you off your game. Has it's, it is, it's funny. I remember, I remember one time playing against Patrick Beverly when he was with the Lakers. Oh man. Yeah. Okay. This is this Pat Bev, he's the king at this. Go ahead. I love Pat Bev. I love how he competes. Talk trash with the best of them, but I don't, I don't say much. So I remember it was one game we was playing at the Lakers and they was waiting to take the ball out of bounds and he like started like tickling me. Whoa. Alright.


Interesting Strategy. I like smacked his hand. He was like, get you got stronger. You got stronger. Just, But just like as a defender, any little thing that they can try to do, pull your sock down. Untuck your jersey at the free throw line. I wear an armband. People pull my armband down to my hand all the time. Oh Man. These are, these are all great moves. Yeah. Smack the back of your neck. Just like all type of things that, You know, I is is part of and and I'm pretty sure it's things like that in, in in football. No, I love it. I love all that little stuff. That's anything you can do. Get real cheeky your childhood friends with a Butte as they call him in hockey.


Matthew Ka Chu. That's right. He's a beauty man. Him and his brother were recent guests of the show as they represented USA in the, in the Four Nations tournament. That was fun seeing them throw their hands and, and, and fight for the USA in that regard. You guys recreated this old photo of you both after because you guys grew up around each other, huh? In the St. Louis area? We Went to school together from seventh grade to 10th grade. So yeah, two years in middle school, two years in high school and then after our sophomore year, I, I think the rules are different for hockey. He, he ended up leaving in going off professional playing junior year. Yeah, we, me and Matt, we had classes together that, that picture that we took, I think we was going on a field trip at like Chicago or something.


Nice. Yeah, we had projects together. So it, it just cool to, you know, see both of us. We won a championship in the, in the same year that, Wow. That has been fucking awesome, man. Great dude, man. Unbelievable person. Hell of a hockey player. His brother's amazing too and comes from a great family as well. So couldn't be happier for him and, and his family. Hell Yeah man. Did you ever get on the ice? No, no, no, No. Never got on the ice. We would play, we would play hockey in gym class but like in the gym. Yeah, I would try to be goalie 'cause I was like the tallest kid, but that shit ain't Like, it's a good reach. He goalie fuck man.


Jason used to force me to be the fucking goalie. Be like, no, I'm taking shouts on you. And he would just rip 'em from like 10 feet away. I'm like, come on man, this is fucked up. We got two champions in their respective sports, but there's a third guy hanging out in the back of these, this picture right here. I don't know if it's the same kid or is the third, is he the third? That's the homie. Is he? I was about to say, has he won any championships or, I don't think so. He was another kid in our class named Jacob. He didn't, he wasn't a sports guy but he, he was cool and nice. They, the cardinals ended up flying him in. I think he lived in like San Diego or something.


They end up flying him in So we could recreate the picture. So it was, that's Too Fucking funny, man. Shout out to Jacob. That's Great. Here we go. Jacob, Your 7-year-old son deuce is always courtside. Are you gonna be able to, you know, play in the NBA long enough to maybe maybe play with your son, get the Celtics to draft them? A lot of things gotta go right for that. Yeah. Sounds cliche to say. Like I never like forced Tim to play basketball. Obviously he's always been around it and even like at home I like, I would just want him to naturally, if he wanted to play basketball then, then we can't. So I would say in the last man, like the last like six to 10 months, he's really like fell in love with the game and that's so cool.


Been more attentive at the games. He asked questions. He, he's in, he plays basketball now every Saturday and I can honestly say like, I haven't ever had more fun in a gym than going to his peewee game Saturday mornings. Like, oh no, that's, that's the most fun I've ever had in a basketball gym. That's awesome man. You can see him going crazy. Is he chucking it? He Shoots every time. That's what I'm talking about. Keep chucking it. Deuce. He Like, huh? No, I'm you Never, why would I do that? It is way more fun to shoot this thing I'm watching you doing it there. Exactly. For Sure. Did you ever get a follow back from LeBron?


Did he ever follow you back? Still waiting. We got the old, we got the old tweet from back in April of 2012. Man King James followed back is Larry Hughes nephew from St. Louis. Shout out to Larry Hughes. Man Cavalier for a while. I, I definitely was rocking with him for a while, but that's pretty cool man to have one, to have an uncle or someone like Larry in, in the league already and yeah. Did you ever get the follow back? Yeah, Brian ended up following me back. It was funny because they brought this tweet up when we played him in the conference finals my rookie year. Oh. Oh shit. So he finally, he he leaned in once, once you guys were in the f eastern conference finals together.


Yeah, He he followed me back out on Instagram after that, but nice many of battles against each other and been on Olympic team and so Brian is a great friend of mine and somebody that I got a really good relationship with. But I made that tweet that was like when I first got Twitter and Oh listen, you already know somebody like me. Do you bring out my 2012 tweets? Right? We're gonna have a fucking field day. I can't even spell shit. I would've spelled cousin with no o there was no, there was no, there was no auto correct back then. Nice man. Glad you got the follow from bro and that man, you're, you're chasing your second ring big dog and appreciate you coming on here and and chopping it up with us in the 92 Percenters man.


Everybody Jason tto. Yeah baby. Appreciate you dog. Thanks for thanks for all the time too man. Much love. Get that ankle right and yeah, I might, might have to catch a court side of the eastern conference finals game, man. Hey. Yeah. Catch you against Cleveland again, man. That was that last year too. BB night. Yeah, it was just the end was, it was like the end of the season that two season Ago. That was last year. That was in the regular season. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Wishing you nothing but the best man. Go and get you another one big dog. Appreciate you one man. You know it. Alright Right now. Well that does it for our interview with Jason Tatum. Man, I just, yeah, I'm talking to champions man. The guy, you can tell why he is a champion.


You know, the guy just has such a professionalism about him. It's A good time talking to highly successful people that have dedicated themselves to being the best in the world at something. Take a quick look at the leaderboard of the new Heights March Madness challenge. We have zero perfect brackets left after the first weekend in both our men's and women's brackets. Current new Heights men's bracket rankings. Brandon, did you guys put this in there? Just 'cause you want us to say that you guys are ranked above me and Travis Right now. Yeah. Is a hundred percent. So Jason, Jason Percent is ranking is higher than mine. Yeah. How is that possible in terms of, in Terms of points? Yes. Jason's, Jason's got your beat Right now. How is That po I, I I have, I have two final four teams out.


How is that possible? Sure. It just, your total score that you could end up with is much, much lower than Travis is. But currently Right now you're in the lead. You got more in the first two rounds correct. Than he did. You just are dead in the water for the eight and the fours basically. Huh. So I gotta really hope Trav, who's your, you have, you have, who's your final four? Duke? Yes. St. John's who's out of it. Yes. Michigan State. No, Auburn. Auburn and Florida. So I gotta hope Auburn and Florida take some Ls, otherwise I'm screwed. I'm not sure if that's how it works, but Jake and Brandon do. And Brandon and Jake are both at the, they're winning well in both brackets because they, they cheat and they just give themselves extra points, I'm sure.


Well, But what we do know is that Travis is in last place. Gosh, I just don't understand because He just doesn't know basketball. That's what I keep trying to, to Tell him. Thought, You know, I thought I did. I thought I did. You think it's about points and stuff and it, dude, it comes down toughness. Yeah. I also took Akron of Arizona. I'm a dumb ass. So did I. Geez. Go MI Don't know why I put Akron so high. It was the dumbest thing in the world. I just saw an Ohio team in there. I'm like, yeah, they're fucking doing it. Let's go Akron. They're tough rubber bull. You shitting me. I did the same thing, man. Fell Right into that trap, man. We were idiots. You did call it with those silver spo fucking stop hits.


Sorry. Y sorry, Yale. That's not, that was uncalled for. Dude. I did input all of my women. So the way I did my women's bracket, I did Yukon and South Carolina. I forgot about Don Staley, south Carolina's who I had winning it. Shout out to Don Staley, Philadelphia. Own I, but everybody else, I just did based on roster, average roster height of the top five. It took me legit a full day to calculate the roster Heights of every single women's team in the March Madness. Okay. All right. So this is proof. This is, he's citing his sources that he did it.


Nice. Well apparently it Has not panned out. I am in third place. Yeah. I'm getting yeah, glad you had it all documented to show us how bad you are at figuring shit out. I, I searched so long to try and find this information and I just gave up. Damn. I was like, you know what, I'm just gonna do it myself. There you go. That was a good waste of time. Hopefully everybody's having some fun watching these games. I know. I am. Jason, what's your favorite part of March Madness so far? My favorite part of March Madness. Yeah. Is as much as it hurt watching St. John's lose, 'cause I had them going all the way to the championship. Well I didn't, I had them losing to Michigan State, but I had 'em going all the way to the final four. I was happy for Kalari. I think, I mean, listen, it's a, it's a matchup against two coaches that, back when I used to watch college basketball a lot were two of the premier coaches in college basketball still premier and obviously still are.


So I think having that connection and watching those two guys go at it as well as those two teams and it was a great game. Yeah. That was probably the highlight. What do you got My highlight? Calling Drake. Calling the Drake. I mean that was, yeah, That was dope. Drake, unfortunately they lost to Texas Tech. Did you have him beat? I did. I had him beating tech and Pat made sure to let me know that I was idiot for doing that. But there were, there obviously a fun team to watch. Have nothing but love for the, the tech group and man, my favorite one so far, I don't know what it was, but I just love a buzzer beater man that Maryland game the other day and, and seeing, you know, Maryland, what I didn't realize was coming into it, they only have four losses and they were all at the buzzer.


It was crazy how like they finally and their next close game in at March Madness. They, they went on a buzzer beater. That team Right now is, they, they're bigs are physical, you know, they control the game or they, they control the tempo of the game because they, they play inside out. And I just, Right now I love, I love that team man. They, they kind of just like grab me and they're like, the TURPs are, they're fun to watch, man. I think everybody's kind of on that bandwagon Right now. And that's where I really screwed up when trying to figure out this bracket. I should have leaned into Yeah. One of my best resources. Yeah. Scott Van. Don't even look at my bracket. Scott Van Pelt really could have just let me know all this stuff.


The McNees game I called and was telling everybody I'm a fucking genius. You even hit me and asked me how the fuck I knew that one. Yeah, no, I, I don't know much, but I, If you pick enough, this is how I know now. I get it. If you pick enough now I get it. This is how you play roulette. You just play enough numbers and then all of a sudden it hits and you're like, see I told you it was gonna be Red seven, I'm, you also said it was gonna be, you know, all those other numbers. Two. Yeah. Look where I had most of my chips Over there on Red Seven. It's brilliant. Gotta just gotta play the neighbors. Just play the neighbors. That is a Funny way to pick out brackets is to just pick all the underdogs, be like, yep. Told you Literally called it literal fucking every one of 'em. And I could just be like, knew it.


Drake knew it. McNeese knew it. Oh, what about Grand Canyon, Travis? I thought I knew it. They got fucking smoked by 40. Sure. Good. Hopefully, you know, duke finds a way to, to make it all the way and, and take the cake. So I look at least somewhat intelligent. It's looking like they're going to, but I say we wrap this thing up, man. We're pretty good. Shout out to Jason Tatum. Appreciate you brother. Yeah, baby. That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel. Follow New Heights on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, new Heights, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Reese's Peanut butter cups. That's right. Fucking sweet ass jacket Reese's got me. You. You. That is dope. Yeah. All Right, now shout out to Reese's Peanut butter cups and follow the show on all social media for fun clips throughout the week at New Heights Show with one s And thanks to our production and crew for always making this look way better than what we are 92 Percenters. We'll see you guys next week. Good luck in your brackets.