
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


MONOPOLY GO gives players a new way to experience the emotional and competitive rollercoaster of the legendary game. Make friends play together with friends and family and watch your empire expand along with your fortune. In MONOPOLY, GO friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together. The next you're destroying their landmarks with a wrecking ball, your best friends, then your bitter rivals, then your best friends, again South again goes. But no matter how fickle the relationship is, one thing never changes in MONOPOLY. GO. Your friends are your most valuable assets. So Join your friends and download MONOPOLY. GO today, free on the AppStore or Google Play


Audible's Best 2024 picks are here. Discover the year's top audio books, podcasts, and originals in your favorite genres. From memoirs and sci-fi to mysteries and thrillers. Audibles curated list in every category is the best way to hear. 2024 is best in audio entertainment, Like the year's best fiction, such as Wandering Stars by Tommy Orange, or The Woman by Kristin Hannah. Or if You're into Mysteries and thrillers, check out First Lie Wins by Ashley Elston. Or we Play Games by Sarah, a Denzel Audible. There's more to imagine when you listen. Go to audible.com/new Heights. That's Right. That's audible.com/new Heights.


There's nothing sweet about this. Didn't speak a single word Of each other's language. I prefer more of the Shakespearean love where they actually communicate and there's some romantic interaction. He's an advocate for communication. He wouldn't know romance If it smacked him square in the face. So that's the problem. Well, lemme tell you if Love Actually is about romance. I do not understand romance, not the Story lines are Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show, produced by way sports and entertainment, and brought to you by our friends at MONOPOLY. GO. Oh, This holiday season creates some memories by playing together, enjoying some friendly competition and getting the gift of sweet revenge.


Oh, I love it. We are your host. I'm Travis Kelsey, my big brother, Jason Kelsey. Yes. And my sister-in-law. Kindly Kelsey has decided to join us for this very, very special episode. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus wherever you get to podcast. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. And Jason, this is your time to tell everyone what we're doing. What Here, what we're doing. Yeah. Well, we got outstanding New Heights episode where we're gonna be diving into the New Heights Film Club, but not just one film. That's right. Oh yeah. For a little present for your holiday, we're gonna be giving you a double dose of film reviews. Love Actually, and Christmas Vacation.


Double down the double deuce. So without further ado, let's get into a little bit of new news. I don't know If you guys have seen, but my wife Kylie, is the number one podcast in the world Right now. Number one. Number one. Number one. Well on Apple. On Apple Podcast, we, we should stipulate Apple Podcast number one. Number one podcast. Yeah. Hunt's been any easier or harder than we did. We even, I don't think we gave her any advice. No, she didn't ask me for any. You didn't? Yeah, she didn't ask me either, Was like, what do I need advice For? Clearly she chose. Right. Yeah. No, I would love advice from you guys on what not to do. Yeah, exactly.


There you go. Yeah, well get a good team. That edits well. Well, how's it going Kai? It's going great. I've gotten to have some really great conversations with incredible people and I mean, talking to myself is a little weird, but That's, I was about to ask, how was the one man show or one-woman show? One show Queen Emma's writing rundowns that really make it go easy, but nice. Nice. Emma. Yeah, it's Shout out to Emma. Yeah, it's, it's interesting talking to yourself for that much. Nice. You don't have an intern doing it for you? What's that? You, are you actually paying somebody? We have interns do that stuff for us. No, you have an executive producer. Yeah, we have volun. We have like volunteers that just come in and We don't, we don't, we don't pay people that like that. No we don't.


Yeah, we actually, Sorry Brandon. We Need to fix that. Interns only, They both take us sip. That's how you run a business. That's how a nineties, yeah. Businesses ran. That's How you sell a hundred million dollar podcast right there. Interns baby Jesus Christ. Take advantage of that somewhat. How? How is it this short into the Show? It's already off the rails. No, this is, This is on the Rails. Rails. Whatcha talking about here? We're writing that smooth. We're on the rails going high. Speed Speeds. We're on the new Heights Rails. Is that what It's headed Straight for Christmas Review Town. Okay. Hit me with it. Why did you make us review this movie before we get into it?


Yeah. Yeah. Tell tell us about your, your love for actual love. Love actual Lee Love Actually is one of my favorite movies period. Like outside of like, not just Holiday movies. One of your favorite movies. Yes. Like up there with like Shawshank Redemption and You said that like it was a joke, but I love that movie too. Huh? He said that he started listing like he was going to be like, it's A joke. The joke isn't that Shawshank is up there. That's not the joke. I think that's thought pretty routinely up there with Best Movie. Jason, You might be the oddball out here. I actually enjoyed Love Actually. It's not, you don't have it's, You don't have to say that Travis. He No. I'll concede. I'll concede. It's not an unenjoyable movie to watch.


Nice. My issue is the Christmas aspect of it and then also just like the overall, we're gonna get into it, but the overall sentiment and lessons and overall values that it, expunges Expounds are absolutely horrendous. But we'll, we'll dive into that. This is gonna be a fun one. I really do love the movie. I think, are we going into the movie now? What do we wanna Do? I can't wait for him to sit here and shit on it. For the next 10 minutes, We might as well dive into it. But first this episode will be released on Christmas Eve. Oh, Merry Christmas Listening. Yes. If Santa's listening, happy Hanukkah. If that's what you, Is there anything you wanna ask for? When is Hanukkah?


This year is Hanukkah Right now. It's The same time as Christmas. Actually. Not all the time though. No. This year it is though. It lines up perfectly with, well, there we go. Christmas. There you Go. Which night? I believe on Christmas Eve. Hanukkah starts. Does someone want to fact check me On that Starts? I thought it was Jet. Jake, are you here? Brandon type Jet. Jake I heard is on honeymoon. Oh, I'm sorry. It it starts on Christmas Day. Starts On Christmas. Nice. Happy Hanukkah to all of our Jewish friends. I think Best Hanukkah movies. Eight crazy nights. We don't even need to debate that one. Right. Alright, We'll happy Hanukkah everybody. You guys have anything on the Christmas list that you want? Share Christmas list like that we want is like presents.


Yeah. What do you, you add? Is there anything you want to ask Santa for Jason? Man, if I was gonna ask Santa Thanks Travis. I needed this For anything. It would be for better time management skills. Ooh. He wants skills. Yeah. Nice. Kylie. Get him one of those old school pom pilots. Well, no, I don't think. Or You can. You can. Unless, unless you can your time better make all of my decisions for me. I don't think it's gonna help. Okay. All right. So yeah. All right. More time management. Okay. I need Santa to work his magic. Not in the physical realm, but in the, the mental realm. The man wants Santa to work.


That's, I need magic on him. So We wanna respect your podcasting rule of no episodes over 45 minutes. But that's not the way we do things. But we will set a timer so that you know how much you've gone over that time. Fuck your rules. Yeah. You're on the New Heights podcast. Not the, I'm Not Gonna Lie. This is gonna take way more than 45 minutes. No way. Well that's how long we have. So Brandon will start this darn Peyton Timer. Alright, We're off and running. Alright, we're rolling. Okay. We're gonna start by try and summarize the plot of this movie in a little two minute drill. Two minute drill is brought to you by Amex. Don't leave home without it. Kylie, please give us the plot of Love Actually since you made us watch it.


Good luck. Ready, set. Go. Why is it that I made you watch it? Listen, I didn't make the rules here. You've already Made Sounds impressive. You're 10 seconds in and you haven't gotten. Okay. You, you got 50 seconds. You gotta minute 50 left. I don't think I need that much time. It is a collection of stories. Yes. Associated with a number of families. I don't know how many, 'cause that's not really important. I Think it's nine. I think it's nine. Is it really nine? I Think it is nine. Wow. And they are all connected to each other in some way. Whether it's by marriage, sibling, friend, it's different people experiencing different family things during the holidays.


You have the prime minister, you have porn star stand-ins. You have, I don't think that was a porn. I think that was like a Are you joking Right now? Are you kidding me? Are kidding. Well, in porn, they actually have sex. They were just acting like they were having Sex. No, they were the stand. They were like the lighting crew. They were like, oh, okay. Alright. To get like the lighting. Right. Which I didn't know got. I didn't even like think that. I didn't See that. I thought they were like the, okay. That makes sense. My goodness. You have a man who is recently widowed and he's navigating his new, like his relationship with his son. You just have all of these things that are connected sort of by, I like one degree of separation.


Each of them, there's good, there's bad. And it ends in a beautiful Christmas pageant with a gr one of the best renditions of Mariah Carey's. All I want for Christmas is you Amateur. If you me, It was, it was a child that's saying it. Thank you. Exactly. Jordan Mo killed It too. And the build up to it was outstanding. Yeah, I think it's lovely. Maybe it could be my A DHD that makes me like this movie so much. 'cause it's like a bunch of small stories in one big movie and it pops around a lot. That's helpful for me. You actually did that in two minutes, which is pretty, I mean, yes idea. This is why your podcast is number one. You're very punctual.


That was the two minute drill brought to you by Amex. Let's keep this thing moving. Okay. So let's be honest. Let me brutally honest Love Actually might be the worst Christmas movie I've ever seen. Like, I don't even know that it's up for debate. I Didn't feel Christmas at all during the movie. There was zero Christmas spirit or anything re reserving. I I enjoyed the movie. It, It was okay. It was okay. I just didn't, I didn't understand how much it really tied into Christmas. Not only does it not tie into Christmas, The only Family values, it was like the worst family values of like, all time tied into Christmas. It was like bad people. A guy went to get a necklace for his, the his side Secretary or whatever.


That woman was in this like, let's just go story by story. Let's go story by story. The one guy, The one Guy is like Voyeuring his best friend's wife only recording her. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Start from the beginning. Okay. Who did it start out with? I don't know. You've seen it enough. The guy, It started out that Married the guy who's going No, the guy who's going to the wedding to get cheated on. And he's like, Hey, yeah. Are you sure you don't wanna come? No surprises. She's like, I'm disgusting. I'm, I'm sick. I can't go. Okay. So we wanna start with that storyline. That's the first story. So For those of you that don't know, the first storyline is a guy spoiler leaves the house. His wife is like, oh hey. Like I, I'm a little sick. I'm not gonna go with you. And I knew it right away.


Like He called it the minute she, the Minute he left and she's gonna be fucking somebody when he gets back. Obvious. Right? So it's not even like it's remotely creative of a movie. So super obvious that she's gonna come back in. She's gonna be with Somebody. It wasn't obvious in the nineties. Well, it Also wasn't obvious that it was gonna be his fucking brother. Okay. Did you know that? No. Yeah. She's fucking his brother. Yeah. Merry Christmas everyone. Then he, oh, this is such a nice, so he leaves her and decides to go to, where was he at? He went to France. Right? Somewhere. Italy or France or someplace. And he has this Portuguese woman who's waiting, I think he just went to the countryside. Okay.


Wherever. And his like housekeeper that he hires is Portuguese. Yes. Well, or speaks Portuguese. The, the housekeeper that he's given speaks Portuguese from this other woman, which they don't get into if she was human trafficked or how she got there. They don't go into that. She's just Christ Jason. They, we do know that these people fall in love with each other without being able to talk. What the fuck are we talking about? It's real love. They've never spoke a Word. You ever watch. Love is blind. I I do not watch Love is Blind. No, This was Love is mute. It was love is mute. It was a great, it was a great life lessons. It was a great life lesson into how much you can fall in love with somebody without actually being able to communicate with them.


It was terribly unbelievable. But it, They not even like, they're in the water and they're saying the same thing and kind. I like, look, they're saying the same thing and all I'm in my head. It's like this is complete nonsense. This is just like complete ridiculousness. There's nothing sweet about this. They're acting like There's nothing sweet about the fact that they were saying the exact same thing but didn't speak a single word Of each other's language. I prefer more of the Shakespearean love where they actually communicate and there's some romantic interaction as opposed to You wanna talk about communicate. Hey, this, he's an Advocate for, you wanna talk about romance Communication? Yeah. That's a that's where we, I I'm realizing that is the problem here.


It was too. It it hit home too much for him. No. That he actually doesn't, he wouldn't know romance If it smacked him square in the face. So that's the problem here. Well, lemme tell you if Love Actually is about romance. I do not understand romance. Some of The story lines are, There might've been one storyline and then there Was one storyline. That one the whole movie That was good. Which One was it? Sam and John Leon Neeson and his son Sam. That was by far, that was a great storyline. It was fantastic. We gotta get That kid scholarship Like couldn't have hit the nail on the head. We gotta get that kid a scholarship. We, we gotta gotta get a football in his hand. We gotta get him catching the ball. Yeah. That motherfucker was running through the airport dodging cats dope. Like he was Pat Mahomes in the fourth quarter. He was just out there.


The cutest thing about watching was that Ellie was watching at the end of the movie and got blushed on the cheeks. She was feeling her some sale Was so excited. Nice. And then the next day she told me, mom, that cute boy that played the drums, will you show me a picture of him? Nice. And then I had to google Sam from Love Actually. And she was giggling like Yeah, she was so it was very cute. Well, Wyatt was giggling too. I Think it, Yeah. But Wyatt loves every boy that It's True. Comes up on this evening. Anybody That kisses. Oh my gosh. That's adorable. She's a romantic. That's the one redeemable story. Watch this. No, they only saw the end.


They almost saw the boobs. But I was, I warned Jason. He sped it up. Alright, Nice. So that's the one redeemable story. Okay. I will say the one storyline that really does not sit right with me is the best friend. Yeah. And Kira Knightly. Oh, you're talking about the cards. The cards. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That was, oh, the cards. That's like the iconic way to do, that's like the most romantic way to tell someone you're in love with them. Right. We did the cards like play music, Steal your best friend's while Just while your best friend, her husband is inside sitting on the couch. Tell him it's carolers. What's Crazy Is that Yeah, exactly. No. What's crazy is that all these, like you said, all these stories tie together in one community and it, it's supposed to make it look like this is what happens in like a community.


Like this is like, these are all the different love stories and all the d like, this is what's going on around you. Horrendous. And it's terrifying. 'cause there's so much scandal in it that everyone's, everyone's like, guys, you got a guy buying a necklace for another woman. Yeah. She's a hoe. Jesus. Sorry. That was aggressive. It was aggressive but deserving. If you're gonna do that. I just didn't Like, I don know why anybody's mad at her that the husband's the guy that Freaking Yeah, the husband's the worst. It's never made sense to me When, no, the husband is horrible, but she's the one who is sitting at her desk and splits her legs while she's standing in front of him to be like, Hey, this Christmas party's about to be off the hook.


Is she married? The weird thing is she married, is Her dancing. I don't, she's, I don't Recall her with him in front of his, I Don't recall her announcing the devotion. What I say. This is what I will say. I see it from both sides. In Both sides. Absolutely. Laying the gauntlet after the, after the Christmas pageant and walking up to him and being like, like, oh, do you wanna explain to me what I'm supposed to do now? And like called his ass on the carpet. Power to you girl. Yes. Power To her. She, yes. At the end of the movie they were still together. She didn't do anything. How do you know they were still together? She ki he was somewhere on a trip and the only reason she was picking him up was because of the kids. And he, she only allowed him to kiss her on the cheek. She didn't kiss him Either way.


I don't know. Whatever. Horrible storyline. Let's have the boss cheating with the secretary. Yeah. 'cause that's so crazy. It's not that it's crazy. It's just that you're we're expounding. I think the Whole point is, is that they put together a collection of storylines Yeah. Surrounding the holidays because the holidays are sensationalized. Yes. And in I think adult life, you realize the holidays aren't as jolly and like life doesn't, like real life doesn't stop 'cause the holidays. And it's also sensationalized. I I just think top to bottom I see what you're saying.


That it didn't need to be a Christmas movie even. I think that's part the point's point. I think that's why they're like trying to drive the point home. Yeah. I think that they made it a Christmas movie because they know that by making it a Christmas movie, it would sell and become a tradition every single year. And I think you're just a hater. I think that this Is so wild. It's terrible. Values Not all, not all terrible values. Some good values in there. No. One good story. Maybe two. The, the porn couple were very cute. I don't even remember. And very happy They were, they were very cute. I don't remember. He was so distracted by the boobs. He couldn't even realize that they were having actual conversation. Weren.


Well they weren't like a legitimate like storyline that was happening that much, but yes. Also, how about, what's his name? Colin. Colin. God of Sex. That was a good one. He comes to the United States. Oh, are you talking about living the America? W Yeah. I just love that it was Wisconsin. Yeah. And that he found those girls in Wisconsin. I mean he, he definitely, He found some smoke shows in Wisconsin For him. Say this, I will say this made Out like a Thief. They didn't go into this in the movie, but Colin clearly was talking to a prostitute. Like If you go up to a bar and a Is that Yeah, that's like, she's dressed that way. All three. Are you kidding me? She's dressed that way and talking that kind of way. You think that's a prostitute. All right. I don't need to know, I don't need to know anything more about this story.


That didn't really happen to college. And then he brought one home for his friend. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's love. That's true. And that is Love Actually. That's, that's, that's Love Actually. That's, Colin has some wealthy parents and he couldn't afford To, I know that She comes through the door and immediately just kisses the other guy. Like this whole thing is just so, Love it. Love at first sight Jason. Yeah. Or love at First sight. We're paid for love in the form of prostitution. That's what I got from that vibe. I really do love the movie. It's a fun one to watch. I was enjoying, I was, I was enjoying following along to all the stories. I also was kind of with Jason on some of 'em.


Like this is a little farfetched. Oh no. Of couple of them. I will say the moment, the moment that Kira Knightly sits down and is trying to watch the wedding video, it does give you like an uneasy feeling in your stomach as a woman. Like if that were to happen to you where you sat down and you were like, oh my husband's best friend recorded this video, I'm gonna watch it. And then it's all closeups of your face and you're like, are you about to kill me? Yeah. That, well that's my thing. She wasn't like that though. She was kind of into it. I don't think she was into It. She said, oh my gosh. She was into it and then she was into it when he came with the car. This is all about Whole thing. I I think she felt bad for him. No, she was into it and the whole thing was weird. I mean, it's stalker type behavior.


A thousand percent Can't do it. No tops bottom Wrong. Can't do it. Don't wanna promote that. Don't want, that's not the, that's not the storyline that gets the happy ending. I Agree. Overall rating it. Are we doing the p fff grade? Is that what we're doing here? We always do. Alright. P fff grade. Okay. Amount of Christmas. I mean, minimal Christmas. I mean it's a lot of Christmas, but minimal actual Christmas theme. I'm gonna go Piss is about a PF Four. I'll say four because there's, that's stuff all over the Place's. Actually, that's so much more generous than what I thought you were gonna give it. Yeah. I'm I'm not gonna listen. I'm realistic. I'm being, I'm giving an honest review that is not swayed by any ulterior motive.


This is an honest, that's what you can expect from Jason Kelsey. That's what You kidding. Put a stamp, put a guarantee on the box. What are you giving it Kai? For the amount of Christmas? Yeah. Six. Anywhere from four to six. I won't, I won't aggressively, I won't. I understand that these storylines could have been constructed outside of the holiday season. Yeah. I mean it's, I can acknowledge that it's a Four to six and that's why I'm giving it a three. This had nothing to do. Both of you are just being generous. God damn. That's not the one I'm gonna be generous on. On acting. I thought the acting was pretty good. I mean it's for what it is. It's a rom-com. Honestly, the acting I, that's what I'm saying. I enjoyed the storylines and the acting and it was fun.


And you, It was a very cast. When you bring good kids, acting good kid acting in Also All For it. A prime minister calling out the United States. If that isn't the biggest form of fucking political grandstanding that I've ever seen, fuck that guy. He didn't say shit to Billy Bob's face and then went up on there on the podium like, I ain't doing shit. If I'm the us I'm you flanking. I'm sticking it right up. The prime minister of Britain's ass. Like we run the fucking show. Not you dickhead. We just had a whole fucking conversation in your office and you're bringing this up one time and then you're gonna go out there and say that shit in the fucking media. So anyways, just had to get that off my chest. He did.


He flanked Hugh Grant flanked the prime minister. Flanked, We're not gonna talk about any of this in the office. I'm gonna act like I'm your best buddy. And then go out there and say like, we're done being taken advantage of. Well now Britain's fucked. He wasn't because the US is not on your side. So guess what? Good luck. He wasn't talking. He was He was talking about the woman. No, he was not. Oh my God. He was still mad at the woman 'cause he was about to fire her. No he was not. That's all he was in his head. He fired her right afterwards. Guys, I don't know what you guys have talked yourself into. He fired her and then it took later in the movie, he Moved her from his personal office to alleviate temptation. No, he, which I don't Think it, no. He liked the temptation he was in on it.


That's why at the end he came back around. He was like, oh my gosh, I've made a terrible mistake. That woman, that woman was being taken advantage of. Now I need her back. He knew immediately that what the president was doing. I Don't think he was in Acting. I'm giving, I'm giving you a solid nine. I love the acting. I mean I can't give it a nine just for because of like the type of movie it is. You're ridiculous. But I'll, that's nothing. Then you, then you downs score the plot. You don't fuck with the acting Down. Acting. I, if we're Going, I'll agree with Travis nine, But I just think that there's, the acting wasn't like overly difficult. That's why I guess what I'm getting at like, You're so fucked. I'm just being honest.


Like it's not, it was like the rom-com type model isn't like this. What? This isn't like Shawshank like level No type this. This isn't what's the fucking one where Leonardo's out in the fucking wilderness for two hours with the grizzly bears some whatever. What the fuck's that movie ent. Like Revenant. This is, this isn't that type of film. So like this would be like if the Chiefs played like a high school team. How'd the chiefs play? Well they beat 'em by a thousand points. But I, it's hard to tell if they're very like, you know what I mean? Like I don't know what to tell you. You're fucking ridiculous. Give it a score. Alright. Seven.


It's good acting, but like I can't Directing. I thought the directing was up there. I thought to be able to put all these, all the, I can't take Jason C this Right now. I thought the directing was cool. The, a lot of the shots were fun. The symmetrical, I thought the shots on the, especially on the water when they were, when all the papers and everything flew around. I thought that was sweet. Yeah. I thought the running, the slowmo running through the, the airport. It fired me up for some reason. I found it to be, I'll give it, I'll Give it a solid directing. Solid eight. Solid eight. I'm gonna say nine. I love this movie.


I, I'll say like just very predictable. Like I think it's hard but that's plot. Yeah, but it's plot. But also, but also like this, the way the scenes are shot and like the choices that are made. Like it just felt very, The wedding scene where everybody pops up with their own instrument. That's First of all that again, that's plot. I'm just saying the way everything was shot was just very, there was nothing creative to it. So like I feel like anybody who went to film school could have directed this movie in the exact same way this guy did. So I'll go five. You're such a cringe man. That's a great description. Plot what? We got plot. Can I go negative?


No, you can't go negative. Oh Jesus Christ. It's a one to 10. One to 10. Yeah. So I can't go zero No One. It's fucked up. It's a horrendous, The reality of it adjacent is that there probably is a lot of this going on. So as much as you want to act like this is like not a good plot. Like this is, this is something that could actually be going on. I'm going eight. I think that it was a lovely collection. If it is, and again, the only reason I'm down scoring from higher is because I think that it didn't necessarily have to be a holiday movie. Okay, I'll say this If it is actually going on. It was directed and filmed in a way that was completely inappropriate.


It was filmed in this uplifting like, oh look, she's out with the cue cards guy. The best friend trying to fuck his best friend's wife. And like all of it was done in this like happy, like there was, there should have been much more dark tones and filmed in a way that expounded on these people being pieces of shit. That's fine. But the fact that all of it was celebrated is ridiculous. So like maybe the plot isn't horrendous. I maybe I would like the plot if the director and the way it was shot accurately portrayed all these people as monsters. I did feel like they were like portraying everybody as all everybody's good people. Yeah. That being said, I'll give it a, I'll give it a solid seven.


I enjoyed the, I enjoyed the bouncing around. I thought the, the plot of the movie, like how they were like tying in all the stories even though I wasn't agreeing with what everybody was doing. I thought it was very interesting character. Relatability. This is where it's tough. Can't relate to a lot of these situations. Everybody can relate to Sam. You got your first crush. You know, how do I, you know, do I do I do. I have the courage to go up and ask the the girl that I'm into, out and sing to her Couldn't really relate to anybody. I'm gonna give it a nice solid three.


Yeah. Outside of them all being European, I just feel bad giving it any low score. But I don't know that there's a single plot where I'm like, oh really? I feel that I'm gonna go 4, 5, 4. I don't know how you don't love this adorable dog behind you. She looks dead. You see her? Where you going? Jason? Sam's relatable. It's the only one. And the dad. I think most dads are gonna be putting that situation where they're trying to navigate their son's first love interest and Sam having to do that and nailing it. So I'm gonna go, I'll go three as well. Nice. Because That was a very relatable scene.


Nice. All the other ones. Just no


Thanks to our presenting sponsor MONOPOLY. GO. This holiday season creates some memories by playing together, enjoying some friendly competition and giving the gift of sweet revenge. Jason, would you say you're the most competitive person in the family? I don't know. I guess by answering the question, I don't know. Probably just answered it. Yeah, you're definitely the most competitive in in these kind of games for sure. I'm really competitive in things that people aren't supposed to be that competitive in. Yeah. Yeah. Who would you want to challenge a MONOPOLY? GO? Who do you know is good at it? I would challenge Kylie. I like beating Kylie in stupid things. Kylie is pretty good. Yeah, No she's, I mean she, and she's also, that's the other reason I would challenge her 'cause she's a great competitor. Yeah. And she's, she's a natural at everything. When was the last time you played MONOPOLY? GO. Whew. Yesterday. Nice. This guy's just knocking it out. I like Monopoly. Well, however you're celebrating MONOPOLY GO brings everyone together for laughter strategy and maybe a little revenge because what's family time without a little friendly competition. So Join your friends and download MONOPOLY. GO today. Free on the AppStore or Google Play.


Okay, now a moment brought to our friends at American Express. The holidays are here and that means a lot of people will be taking the family out to dinner. Travis, what is your ideal holiday dinner? I just, you know, I'm more of a holiday breakfast guy. Dinner is like whatever, whatever's on the table I'm eating and I enjoyed What's A holiday breakfast? Gimme an example. I'm big on like muffins. Muffins and like pastries. So much pastries Are great. A good French toast or You know, I, I'm more of like waking up on Christmas and eating and enjoying and like it so nice More than I'm like the dinner. I don't know. I think the morning's always so much more magical. Yeah, I definitely like breakfast just in general. Yeah. I'm more of a breakfast guy. I will say the holiday lunch. Don't sleep on the holiday lunch Act. I like, I like a good honeybaked ham sandwich. Come on now You got me there. You got me there. How about places we would spend where we would use an Amex Card. I mean honeybaked Ham, you go over there to Boston Market. Go get Yourself a honeybaked Tam. There we go. Go get you a honeybaked ham over there with, you Can buy a bunch of Honey Bake Sams and Amex. Yeah, you can a bunch of groceries and just enjoy all the meals or Go to the, the popcorn shop in Sugar Falls. Boom. Right. Get yourself some candy, some holiday treats, Some ker corn. Ooh. No matter what kind of dinner plans you make with Amex Platinum, you get access to Global Dining access by resi so you can experience the hottest restaurants with exclusive reservations and be notified when hard to get reservations opened up. That's the powerful backing of AMERICAN EXPRESS. For full terms. And to learn more, visit AMERICAN EXPRESS with Amex.


We told you last week, our friends at ACCELERATOR dropped a new flavor. Oh yeah, baby. This Orange ice pop. Jason, I know you've tried it. Oh yeah, you like it. I think I got about 1000 milligrams of caffeine. 'cause I'm on number five. That boy, it's, it's only 2:00 PM You gotta love that. Yeah, man, I, I pulled up to the game with him man. I was like, I need some of this orange pop to get me ready for this, Get you going This Saturday noon game. Get me fired up. Love it. And since we do know it's the holidays, our friends at ACCELERATOR are hooking the holidays up. That's right. When you go to drink ACCELERATOR dot com and you use Code Pop 1387, you can get a case of Orange Ice Pop for only $13 and 87 cents. I wonder what the thirteen's for. It's probably because it's my favorite number, right? Yeah. Or maybe that's what I was Friday to the 13th a few weeks Ago. Yeah, well I was, I was 13 in hockey. Everyone knows how we stay energized and I'm telling you, If you have not tried this, go try it Right now. And even specifically try this orange ice pop soak it. Don't Miss out on this deal. Get a case of orange ice pop on drink ACCELERATOR dot com for only $13 and 87 cents.


All righty. Back to the top of the two minute drill here. We just got done with Love Actually giving it a solid kind of Buns movie review, but Yep. We are into one of the greatest Christmas movies of all time. And this is, this is America speaking because this, this movie Christmas Vacation is based off of the good hearted middle class American family. Yes. And it's just, it's so, it's such a magical fucking hilarious, it hits on every single aspect of like the families and all the characters and like kind of portrays what I imagine as a lot of, a lot of like people's Christmas, I don't know, Christmas experiences year in year.


Sure. Especially when you get the entire family, like both sides of the family together in one house. I love it. This is a movie that I didn't love as much when I was a kid. Yeah. Because I Think it was hard to relate to all of it, but the older you get, the funnier it gets, the more relatable it gets. Especially once you start having kids of your own once you're married. I feel realize, I feel like realize even without my kids, I'm, I'm looking at it like, man, I can appreciate it for just the dynamic. Like the father always trying to just go above and beyond for the Christmas magic. For sure. Whether it's the tree or the lights. And he's always, he says it in the beginning, he is like, I always just wanted a big Christmas like family environment in my life.


Having all the both sides of the family, his, his wife's and his, all the parents knowing that, you know, not everybody always sees eye to eye, but they, they always wanted this. Yeah. We're also gonna mention here that Kylie hasn't seen it, so Yeah, Kylie. Well she has seen it. She did not watch it before this episode though. No, I'm of no use to, so I've only seen bits and pieces and it What Pieces have you seen? Can you, can you see the dog Right now? Yeah. She stole the, She's stealing toilet paper. She stole the toilet paper outta the bathroom. Oh, there we go. Look at her. She's about to tear it to pieces. Arts and crafts. It's dokey. Arts and crafts.


I don't even know that I can pull scenes out of my pocket here. Okay. When I tell you I am useless to this. Do you know who the main character is? Clark's Griswold. Nice. Do you know who plays him? No. Okay. Kylie's. Alright. Chevy Chase absolutely kills it. There you go. That's it. Chevy's the man. Yeah. I think what's what's special about this movie is exactly what you're saying, Travis, that Clark is trying to give his family the ideal like storybook Christmas that Hallmark and every movie and every story has ever laid out. Yeah. But the beauty behind this is like, this is how actually Christmas is, it's a giant chore.


It's incredibly hard to pull off. But you all, for some reason, all of us revel in the misery of trying to make it happen because you're trying to make it special for your kids. Yeah. And your family. And I think everybody can identify with Clark's inability to do that, but in trying to do so every single year. Yeah. So I think it's fantastic. I love right from the opening scene of going out and cutting the Christmas tree down and the kids are like, why the hell are we out here doing this? Why are we doing this? This makes no sense dad. And he's like, it's because of it. It's a Christmas tradition. This is what we're gonna go get our tree. This Is what it's the ultimate like dad line. Yes. Of American dads. Yeah. This is what our forefathers did.


They went out just like, God damn, there's gonna be more than spot on. No doubt. That's how all the nineties dads talk. And then it's just, you know, right down the like go like right down the barrel from, you know, he's expecting the bonus from his job and Yeah. Like how big of a point he's gone all in on Christmas. Like he's leveraged everything that this is gonna happen and it comes to full, you know, it comes to a head immediately. He finds out that he isn't getting the bonus that he thinks he's getting. But kudos to the boss for coming, getting his senses when he's kidnapped By Yeah. Cousin Eddie, but Cousin Eddie and we all Have a cousin Eddie. I had a revelation while I was watching this movie. I've always thought I was Clark Griswold.


Am I cousin Eddie? No. Like When I come to your house, am I viewed as the cousin Eddie? No. You're viewed as Clark Griswold. I didn't know You're 100% Clark. I just thought all of those scenes are so relatable and that's what makes the movie so special. And they did such a good job of just making it funny, poking fun at the ridiculousness of it, poking fun at the neighbors who are too cool to have Christmas be a part like. I just think it's, it's really, really well done across the board by National Lampoon and Chevy Chase and everyone involved. So should we get into the PFF rating of this movie or do you wanna talk about more stories? I want I wanna ask you, have You, what's your favorite scene?


Yeah, favorite scene. Ah, I probably should have thought of this before. There's so many good ones. I mean, right off the bat, the kiss my ass scene with the, with the boss and all of his little minions. I thought that was fucking gold Because my ass is his ass. Kiss His ass Happy Hanah. Kiss Your ass happy Hanah. So good. Yeah, I like the sledding scene. That one's an iconic one when he goes like through all the freaking different material. He's, he's got the, the new lubricant. I really like cat. The Cat cat scene. Don't put that on my sled. You know the, the the metal plate I got in my hat, Dude Cousin Eddie's lights are so much better. Every reach down there puts the turns the microwave on.


I piss myself, I piss myself. And then Right now and, and now the only thing standing between my brain and is a two inch wide piece of government plastic, whatever. So good. It's so good. Oh my gosh, That's fucking gold. I never understood the attic scene. I thought he was stuck up there and I forgot that he goes through the ceiling. Yeah, he just, he could've just left. But he stays up there, He stays up there, he gets caught up in just enjoying all the shit that's up there. That's yeah. Going down memory lane, which we all get caught up in For sure. I love the lights. The lights scene. Oh my gosh. When he finally gets it clicked on and the whole town goes out, then they gotta turn the nuclear power on Shitter's full man.


Once he says he worked hard on those lights. Grandma so does a washing machine or So you were talking grandma. So does a washing machine. That's a good one. Alright, let's get to the p fff grade. So before we gotta get outta here, Kylie's, we're fast approaching her 45 minute window. Let's do it. Amount of Christmas. 10 10. Could not have the Things about Christmas. Could Not have more Christmas. Yeah. Acting for what it is. Like a comedy. They nailed it. Yeah. I mean it's again, not the most challenging, but I was about to say if you're gonna go, if you're gonna give, This was more challenging. Like the comedic timing here is way more challenging. What they did in Love Actually. And I'm assuming there was an amount of off the cuff comments made.


Like most of these comedies, I'm going eight. I'm going eight. Yeah. There's no off the cuff in Love Actually Directing. I I I didn't give my acting. I'll give them those two. Just, I mean a seven. They were both tens. But if we're going the entire movie, The entire cast, yeah. Yeah. All right. That's that's fair. I thought the boss did a good job. Forget that guy's. That actor. But yeah, directing, I mean 10, it nailed it. Like it's it's freaking hilarious. Ridiculous. And it's not overstated. It's not over like, it's not like, here's what I mean. And this is why I like old comedies, so many comedies that are made now.


It's like they overdo it with a lot of it and it feels like this Shot. Let there be some question like there's like in the first scene, like they forget the saw, but they still get outta there with the tree because they ripped it outta the ground. How do they rip it outta the ground? Who gives a shit? It's funny. Yeah. Don't, don't, we don't need to overdo it. We don't need to over, like we don't need to make it so realistic that Oh yeah, no. Clark Chevy Chase isn't ripping a tree outta ground. The the comedy's very dry. It's not like at any moment it feels like, like If you didn't, weren't listening to the words, it doesn't feel like a comedy. Like it's not like this slap sticky thing too much. Actually that's, that's a lot. Anyway. I think the comedy's very dry throughout and I just like that type of comedy as opposed to kind of things that happen now where it's like more of the top Comedy's being made Right now.


I'll give it a solid eight on the directing. I thought it was good Plot 10 Stop Jason 11. I don't, in terms of Christmas movie plot, like this all hits all, All of it was pretty to, it was all like when he's put turning on the lights and they're doing the drum roll, we all knew it was not gonna go up. Yeah, but you didn't know why it wasn't going up. Is it because the light bulbs out? He do. Everybody knows. You did not know that there was gonna be the light switch in the, in the garage Was and that there Was gonna be a and back and forth where like she was gonna turn it on then he's like having trouble. He thinks he's got it fixed and then all of a sudden it's going out and he's trying. Like I just had it out. Like no, none of that stuff was predictable.


That's why it was funny. Things that are predictable aren't funny. This movie is very funny. The light part wasn't funny. It was just a part, the needed part in the movie. You didn't Think it was funny when he stapled his sleeve to the gutter and he ripped his sleeve off and then the ladder fell back into the tree, then he went forward again. Then he is hanging from the gutter and a piece of ice shot out and hit his neighbor neighbor's window. No, it's good for tv but I didn't laugh. If that's what you're asking me, Just give it a rating Plot. I'll give it a seven. It's Ridiculous. I Like the way Travis just crushed you the way you crushed me on On actually. Well, I mean what I just said was actually hundred.


I mean it made a ton of sense. This makes no sense. Character. He said it was predictable. It's like not predict. That's why it's funny. Character relatability 10. Character relatability is up there. I'll give it a good nine. What's the p fff grade? It's gonna be pretty high. It's gonna be pretty high for a Christmas movie. Probably right around the eights high eight. Yeah, it's gonna have to be eight point no it might be nine. It's gonna be eight point something. Right? It should be this hard to do math. I don't know what's taking Brandon so long to type this up. 8.9. Wow. I mean, yeah, I I think that's a, that's a solid score for how I enjoyed the movie.


I thought it was the 8.9 for sure.


Some people just know that you can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like during the holidays when you get a gift but forgot to buy the Batteries. Damnit pen there. Or when you take your family to Paris for the holidays. But forget to check your son Kevin is is is with you or in the car and he ends up home alone. Fending off burglars. This guy named Marv. Yeah. Checking is, checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This Content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois.


You know what time it is. What time? It's time for a fresh approach to dog food and that's where the farmer's dog can help you out. Developed by board certified Nutritionalists. The farmer's dog is a human grade dog food that's made with real meat and veggies and gently cooked to preserve nutrients. Traditional pet food is highly processed and difficult to portion correctly, but The farmer's dog has changed that with their freshly made Food. They take the guesswork out of serving sizes by precisely portioning your dog's food based on their unique nutritional needs. The pre-portioned packs are simple to serve and ensure your dog is eating the right amount to keep them healthy and thriving. Plus the Farmer's dog delivers right to your door automatically sending you new food as soon as you're running low And they have 24 7 customer service with real people because sometimes you have a burning question about your dog's food. At 2:00 AM Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you can get some free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/new Heights.


Happy holidays. 92 Percenters.


The NFL playoffs are around the corner and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup from today's sponsor. SEATGEEK, who are back for their third season with New Heights. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. Ooh, do we get 10% off any ticket on SEATGEEK? Whether you're a new customer or not with the code. New Heights That works for sports concerts, comedy shows going to see a playoff game at Arrowhead or maybe even a college football playoff game. How about that? How about at SEATGEEK rates on a scale of one to 10? Look for those green dots. Green means good and red means not so good, but still a good ticket. So Save yourself some money. Open the SEATGEEK app and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter If you used SEATGEEK before. That's code New Heights for 10%. Off terms do apply.


Alright, that, that's it for movie reviews. We're gonna get to our next segment, which is Christmas movie games. That's right. We're gonna do, Kylie is informing, this is the TikTok trend. I'm not on TikTok so I'm new to this trend. It's a blind ranking. This is a big thing in t in the world of TikTok.


The blind ranking is brought to you by our friends at ACCELERATOR. Nice. Which Whether you're trying to get geared up to put up some Christmas lights like Gris, like Clark Griswold or wrapping some presents in the, in the heat of the night before Santa gets there. Make sure you're drinking ACCELERATOR when you need that energy and a little bit of all natural thermo, plant-based thermogenics to get you there. Ooh. Always get you right baby. It's gotten me to 14 and one this season.


Alright, We're gonna blind rank 10 of the most popular Christmas movies of all time. Can't wait to see what they chose for this. You will see one movie at a time. Place it on the list before seeing the next one. This's gonna be hard 'cause we don't know what the 10 movies are gonna be. That's The whole point. That's the point of it. That's why it's Wine banking. He's got it. How he gets it. Now There's literally filters on TikTok that do this. What's a filter? Is that the filter? Is that like a It's like a, it's like a A Snapchat thing. But is it It does like turns everything orange? No, no. It shows just something on the screen. Just put one through 10 and then it puts one thing on the screen and you have to select which number you'd like to put it at and then you find out what the next one is.


Got It. Okay. There's multiple versions of Of filters. What You just mentioned, there's like, Thanksgiving is also a filter. Yeah, that is. But there's, So we doing Thanksgiving food ranking. How are we doing this? Are we doing this with The, Brandon's gonna tell us. Brandon's gonna pop it up. Should I get a pen and pencil? No. Okay, let's do Jason. It's so funny. First Movie the Santa Claus. Santa Claus. That's a good movie. Movie. Santa Claus. That's a good movie. I can think of ano a lot of movies better, but I do like Santa Claus. Who's going first? Travis, you go first on this one, then we'll rotate Somewhere in the middle of the pack. Five or six. I was thinking four. I would do five If you guys wanna go five. Where were you going?


I was going higher than that. You're A big fan. All right, we'll go four I Think. I Think it. I just Think it's a great movie. It's A really good movie. If you wanna go four, I'll go four with Santa Claus. I'll go four. I just, I can think of a few movies better including Christmas Vacation, second Movie, jingle all the Way. Jingle all the way. That's not better than the Santa Claus. Yeah. No it's not. I mean it, it's a guilty pleasure for me. Just 'cause it has Schwarzenegger but objectively not that good of a movie. Yeah, I'm gonna say low. I Can think of worse. Like Love. Actually It's gotta be eight or nine. I Can't, so can't go too low. I would say eight or nine. I'll go eight. I think eight's a good, a good solid jingle all the way. Score. I hope they didn't put a bunch of bad movies in here now A Christmas story. Okay. Wyatt clearly doesn't agree with that. A Christmas story.


Elliot, I think you gotta go one I Lights. There's any movie that symbolizes Christmas more to me than Christmas story. Personally I love, I love it. I really do love it. But I just, I enjoy other Christmas movies so much more. Is it above or below Santa Claus is the question. I I think definitely above Than it needs to be three. 'cause quite honestly, it wouldn't even be my top five Christmas Story. No, It hits, it hits home for us. Clevelanders. I think three is fine. Three is kind of with Kai. I think it'd be, should be on the other Side of it. I know at Think it should be two. I Think it should two. I don't Think it should be two. You already? No, Brandon, keep typing. He already got Veta. No, he, yeah. Thank you. He got vetoed movie Number four.


Elf. Elf is a very good movie. Outstanding man. It's good. It's definitely better than Santa Claus. So I'm upset that Santa Claus is at four. 'cause I can't put it above a Christmas story. Yes, we can can. I'm not Doing that. I think Elf is two, right? I'll put it at five. I'll, I'll compromise at five either. Jason, we're not compromising El. You think there's two other Christmas movies better than Elf? I can think of like five if I'm being honest. There's No Way A wonderful life way. I can think of way Christmas Vacation. I wanna way, I just wanna declare that this does not accurately represent how I would've Blind, blind ranked any shit. The Grinch guys. We are, this rating is so Fucked up, dude. What I'm saying, We're we fucked up with Santa Claus? God No. The Grinch is gonna be number one and Elf is gonna be number two.


Should be Fucked up with Santa Claus. Santa Claus shouldn't be four. It should be lower. And, And Don Christmas story shouldn't have squeaked into the top five. I said five or six on Santa Claus. Listen, I think, I think Elfa has gotta be up there Is the most iconic Christmas movie of all time. They play it for 24 hours straight on TBS. They used to at least, Ooh, Oh gosh. For All the geezers that still watch Tb. SSIR on 34th Street gonna be in this shit. That one's way down there. That movie sucked. El Put standing the OG talk about playing every single Year. Year. It's the og. Come on. It's not the OG at all. No, No, no. I mean the, I mean the OG version of that movie, not the remake. Alright, Put it at five. Put it at five. I'm fine. We'll put it at five. We'll get, we'll put it at five. It's up there.


It's top five. Perfect. El is top five Christmas. All, all time. Wow. The Muppets Christmas Carol Oh Six. I love you some Muppets. Okay. Five, Seven. No way. Put that at nine. If not 10. No, no, no, no. You're way off. You are way off. No way, you guys, I'm not fucking, I'm not letting you do happen Right now. A Muppet Christmas Carol is fucking fantastic. This Kai, where are you at with It is ridiculous. I will agree With nine. You're saying this movie is worse than jingle All the way You're out of your mind. Yes. You are out of your mind. I didn't think jingle all the way should have been that high either. I I was also, I was giving Schwartzen Benefits. Guys, we still have Love Actually coming up. We have to leave space down there for Love. Actually, Nine. It is then You, motherfucker Nine. It is. 'cause there's still, there's still two more that we probably should have put above Santa Claus.


I can't wait to see what comes next. Brandon. Hi. It. Nightmare before Christmas. Oh God dammit. 10 I Almost seven. This is not no seven. This is not a Christmas movie. This is a Halloween movie. This Is the way that Love Actually should have been filmed. If it was filmed like this. It might have been Good. The cartoon porn scene, The anti Christmas movie is the way it should have been. Film. I would love these to play titties. Okay. It needed to be darker. It was, they were trying to shine light on too much. You guys are Out of your mind. If you think the Night Christmas is Not a game movie. This is an absolute Never put it thought down. There's gonna be something worse than this. I'm saying. So You're right. There is gonna be something worse than it. But I can honestly say I've never even watched that movie.


This Is which movie? Yeah, we fucked Up the Nightmare before. So how the, how are you at all inclined to rate it? Anything If you've never Seen it? It's a fucking skeleton. Jason, Don't judge a book by its cover guy. Oh God. Yeah. You didn't like the Adams family. This is the next one. It's a wonderful life. This Is, oh, here he goes. One or two here he goes. This is not one or two. This is six. No chance. This is a cluster. Fuck dude. There's no way this God, this is a dumpster. Fire is One of the best outta your minds dumpster If you don't this movie, this movie is wonderful. Dumpster Fire. It's got the word wonderful in it's life. If you put a wonderful life Below Fucking Elf in Santa Claus, It's not better than List is fucking ridiculous.


It's not better than El It's not, it's not as funny as Elf, but it's more impactful and has more sentimental value. Ah, I'm, I'm clearly in the minority. If you haven't noticed, I I'm clearly in the minority. Have you ever seen this movie too? No. I forced myself to watch this terrible movie Step Your Christmas movie up. I Think it should be one and two. But if Travis wants it at six, I don't know what other Christmas movies we're saving for one and two. So that's The problem. We're gonna get something like Love. Actually, we're gonna have to put it all of a sudden one and two. Can't you put it at two? Then you have a very clean, like Can't because then it's either the best thing or the Worst thing. Alright, nice Kai way to make it make sense. Put it at two. I just don't know what you're gonna put above a Christmas story in wonderful Life in the the Grinch, in the grand scheme.


The Grinch. I love that we're all on the same page about this. The Grinch Isch. The Grinch is objectively, which Grinch are we going though? It's Gonna be the OG Grinch. I got bad news. The Grinch isn't on here. Jesus Christ. Grinch isn't on the list. The Grinch isn't on here. I have Horrible news. This is so funny. Number eight, Love. Actually, Ted, I don't know, I think this is like the middle of the pack. No chance. This movie is, it's not a Christmas way worse Christmas. It's not as Christmas Vacation one. It's my favorite Christmas movie outside of a Wonderful Life and Christmas story. That's my top three. But it's neither one of three. Oh no, Travis, I've given up. Which one are you gonna put at six? So you put at six that no matter what that no matter what freaking movie that comes up is going number one.


Yeah, it is the point of the game. Jason, I'm going six. Kylie, what are you going? One or six? Six. I I've, I've, I haven't seen this in forever. Don't, you Didn't even know the lead actor's name is Chevy Chase. Why would I know that, Jason? I don't know. It's just home alone. Almost like, okay. I'm happy with this list. This is a good, nice Home. Alone's great. Objectively home alone is fantastic. I mean, Joe Pesci freaking, I thought this was gonna be a really bad list, but it's actually not a bad list. I Think it's pretty accurate. Other than Christmas vacations to be above Elf and Santa Claus. A Christmas, the most, the 10, the wonderful list, 10 of the most popular Christmas movies. And you didn't include the Grinch is a travesty.


I don't. Also Across A little Weird also since when is the Wonderful Life You know About Christmas? Great question, Travis. What The fuck are we talking about? I think a Wonderful Life is about, show Me the timer. Brandon. Can I see the timer please? I don't. I I remember watching, I'm like, when, when is, when is Christmas gonna even fucking play? Its part in this movie? So a wonderful life is About, I have to go feed our children About community and the concept. Kelly, you're Dismissed Of things being bigger than yourself. And the concept of giving, obviously in the bank that, I forget the guy's, the bank guy's name. George. George. The concept of the bank giving to the community and tr I mean, I guess If you don't like banks, you probably don't like a wonderful life.


But the mom and pop banks, not the conglomerate. You know, 2008 banks, If I were to change this list, wonderful Life would go down to six and Christmas Vacation would go up. That's the only thing I would change.


Our blind rankings from one to 10 were home alone at one. Wonderful Life at two, which hell no. Number three was a Christmas story for Santa Claus. Five Elf six Christmas Vacation, seven Nightmare on Christmas. Eight Jingle all the way. Nine Muppets and 10 Love. Actually 92 Percenters. Tell us how we did. We need to know, is this an acceptable list? Is it not acceptable? And is Jason thinking way too highly of a wonderful life? That's a great movie. Let's Line Ranking was brought to you by our friends at ACCELERATOR. Upgrade your energy today with ACCELERATOR Active Energy. Let's move on to the little no dumb questions.


I wasn't Needed. There's other movies I enjoy watching more. I Wasn't needed here for any of this. So can I get up before dumb questions? No. No. You're staying Kylie. Yeah, I think we need you just for this one Actually. I have to go care for Children. We have to keep our ratings up and we have to have the best podcaster in the world in order to do that. It's such a dick to not go anywhere. No dumb questions. Christmas edition. All Right, now it's close this thing out with little no dumb questions. 'cause there's no such thing as dumb questions. Just two dumb guys asking Jason's wife to come join us. Answering some not so dumb questions.


Not dumb questions is brought to you by NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube tv. It's a, it's a YouTube tv. And watch the rest of the NFL action. Let's see what we've got on the hotline. Next caller.


Hi guys. I would like to know when is it, if ever okay, to tell your partner that they are a bad gift giver. Thank you. Go Birds. Well, it's a good question. And go Birds. Love that I, I'll say this, I will say this. Don't fuck around with this. 'cause it sounds like it's an issue. If you got a bad gift giver, you gotta say something and nip it in the bud. Because I'll tell you this mom, Donna Kelsey had to deal with Christmas upon Christmas of the exact same gifts. Earrings And candles. Earrings and candles and pistachio nuts for, I mean, we did it our whole childhood before we were in high school where she said, you know, guys, you don't have to get me the same thing every single Christmas.


So I'll say this. Yeah, But what do you get a mom that has everything she ever needs? You gotta nip that in the bud. You gotta, you gotta say something and you can, you don't have to be a like a jerk about it. Just be like, Hey, I think like, like Kind the feelings. Yeah. Or just whatever you don't like about the gifts. Don't say you don't like 'em. Just say, Hey, I just like, sometimes I think I would appreciate something more sentimental. Something I like. I really like jewelry of the blow. Nice. Just say what you like. You don't have to say what you don't like. You can plant seeds as to what you want. If they're listening now you're, You're getting warmer. Yeah. Right. Plant seeds. And also if they give a gift to somebody else and it's asked, let them know we gotta work on your gift.


Gift. And that way they'll take the note that they need to get better at giving you gifts. Why would you give this gift? It's Like means sense Completely. If you understand, If you how to give a gift, Right? Oh, Kai, you have something you wanna chime in. I think You should be gentle about it. But I think you can let someone know ahead of time, like you're saying, plant a seed. Yeah. But you don't need to plant a seed that they're a bad gift giver. You can just plant a seed on something that you would like. You can do like one or two things so that they have ara like two different things to choose from would be a good option. And just plant that seed early and say, you know, I've been looking at this sweater, it's a beautiful sweater.


I'm just not sure that I want to spend that much money on it. Yeah. Or I'm not sure that I wanna, I'm not sure that I'll get there. Speaking, Speaking for men everywhere. Be very clear If you want this gift because we miss some of these more subtle hints. I'm just being honest. Also. Also also what's considered a good gift and a bad gift. If you're a shitty gift receiver, you need to check yourself in the fucking mirror. That's good. Like That. If you're out, Out here hoping you're getting a fucking brand new car. Yeah. And it's like, you know what I mean? Hey, you Expectation is way too high. Get High. What are we fucking doing here? Right. All right. We need to fucking, we need to reevaluate the situation at hand.


Expectations. Yes. So it goes both ways. How am I as a gift giver guys? Trav, you wanna take this one? Nobody has to rush. Ooh, I did Answer. I like my, I did like my birthday gift. I think that was a Kylie move though. Which one? Which one was It? You want me to tell everybody The box Big box. The box. Yeah, The box we took to St. Kansas City. He doesn't actually know what that was. Travis, I knew that wasn't him. Sorry, what? What has Jason got me Then? The 99 jersey. He was very excited about that one. Ooh. I mean that was a fucking banger. I got it right here. The, the problem is, Jason and I are, I feel we align on gift giving in a way where when a holiday or a birthday or something comes around, we kind of do like an oh shit And Oh yeah.


Yeah. We all, yeah, for, For sure. But outside of holidays and times where you're actually supposed to give gifts, there have been times where we've like, oh, I really thought this would be great. Nice. Yeah. And I don't love getting gifts and so I never help him in any way. Yep. And he buys everything that he wants. Just when he thinks of it. I deal with that as well. I, I think I'm a good gift giver. I think I'm a bad gift planner. That's where I'm, I'm a bad gift planner. Yeah. I'd say we like, well he's not saying I'm a good gift giver, so I'm not confident saying I am a good Gift giver. Okay. Kyle is a good gift giver, but I would say the gift planning is the downfall for both of us. Yeah. I mean, I'm right there in the same boat.


We are, we're all in the same boat on this one. Got you. The transform the Transformer robot last year. Yeah, but Jason, you always do it the day before. I got you the Transformer gift last year on Christmas. He either gets it months ahead of time. Yeah, yeah. Or the day before. Yeah. I mean, Isn't that pretty standard? Whoever floats your boat finds lost remote, you know what I mean? Outkast taught me that one. Wait Till you see what I got you guys this year. We're gonna revisit this in a couple days'. Gonna revisit this conversation and who the best gift giver is in a couple days. It's not gonna be me because I know who's winning that one. It's not gonna be, I was too busy playing S-A-N-T-A. Hey, If you catch my drift, you Just wait Jason, you just wait. I, I Don't think I've ever been this confident At Christmas for me too.


Huh? For me, I'm, I'm giving away zero details. I know I'm very confident in Travis, less confident in Kylie. That means he Hasn't, I'm very up to join over there. That means he hasn't gone to the mall yet. Very confident in Travis. Must Screw up to join over there. I also, I also blame our gift creativity on Dad. He made us get mom the exact same gift. So I don't really, I just think I can just go out and just get the same gift. I've really had to work on this, but I just wanna let you guys know. I'm not Gonna blame dad. I like That. Just wanna let you guys know he's actually a very good gift giver. We are Gonna revisit this in five days. We're gonna revisit this in five days. You know what I, you talking about planting a seed? Talk about planting a seed. I am perfectly happy with a candle and some earrings. I wanna throw that out there On it.


Do you guys know what that is? That's a trap brother. That is a trap. Alright, we are good to go. Thank you for the call in there. Go birds and yeah, let's reevaluate the situation. You, you gotta be a good receiver and a good gift giver.


Hope your holidays are as magical and you get some good gifts that you've been dying to dying to receive thanks to N NFL SUNDAY TICKET on YouTube TV for sponsoring. No dumb questions. And thank you guys for listening to some no dumb People answer. Some NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET is helping us recap our favorite 2024 New Heights moments Oh nice. On our social this week. Thanks. Sunday Ticket. Yeah. Make sure you check it out and let us know which moment was your personal favorite. And remember, you can get NF NFL SUNDAY TICKET for $49 and you'll be able to catch the last few weeks of the NFL regular season as your favorite teams race to the playoffs. Heck yeah. All Right, Now sign up now. Up now Sign up now at youtube.com/nh terms and embargoes apply. No cancellations.


All right. That wraps up another episode of New Heights. You can check out New Heights and subscribe to the New Heights channel on YouTube and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. Reminder, you can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights is the Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by our friends of MONOPOLY. GO grab your friends and see why millions of people are hooked on playing this game Every day of it. Game of Monopoly in life. Follow the Show on all social media ad New Heights Show with one s thanks to our production and crew. And thank you again to 92 Percenters, Kylie Kelsey. Thank you. Anytime, Trav. I lied. Coming in hot and blessing this podcast. I take it Back podcast as the number one. Everyone go check out. Not Gonna Lie on YouTube or wherever you get to podcast. We'll see you guys later. Bruce, Is it weird that, oh God, I feel like I'm playing Monopoly in real life now. Is that like, No, that's exactly what the game is For. Jason, happy holidays everyone. Happy holidays. Elise Vidad. He's man spreading into my area. I can't actually get my chair forward. I don't really have anywhere to go. You should hear our daughters talk about his boobs. Seriously. I mean, look at 'em. They're built through. Oh my god, they're built. Oh my gosh. You may not. Don't keep that in. Do not keep that in. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus, enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The L season is in full swing and that's why we need to tell you about our special hookup for today's sponsor, SEATGEEK. And we have a special discount for the 92 Percenters. You can get 10% off any ticket on SEATGEEK with the code. You guessed it. New Heights And that works for sports concerts. Comedy shows going to see Travis and the Chiefs play. You name it, save yourself some money, open the SEATGEEK app and add code new Heights to your account to get 10% off your next order. Doesn't matter if you've used SEATGEEK before. That's right. It does not matter. Once Again, that's code New Heights for 10% off.