(0s):
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.

(13s):
Get ready for the A FC Championship game with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime video. Prime Video makes it easy to manage your streaming lineup. Prime members can add Paramount Plus and over 100 more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports, all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime video account with one login and one password. Don't miss the action. Watch the NFL on CBS with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime Video.

(45s):
All righty.

(45s):
This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. The start of a new year is all about starting new rituals. And whatever you do come into your own, your own way. With extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv, They've got flavors we love, like sugar free Raspberry lemonade. Mm, raspberry Lemonade Liquid IV will keep you staying hydrated during those long winter days. Whether you're enjoying the outdoors or maybe you're having a little too much fun watching your team in the playoffs. And we love how easy it is to make just one stick with 16 ounces of water. And you're hydrating better than water alone. It has eight essential vitamins and nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, soy-free. Embrace Your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights at Checkout. That's 20% of your first order off when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code new Heights at liquid iv.com.

(1m 49s):
Dude, I'm pretty pumped. I'm nervous, but I'm pretty pumped. I've always wanted to ask just everything on my mind. I know it's gonna be hard. You're not gonna have that much time. I'm not. I don't even know what's on the rundown. I'll take Care of the rundown. You just free ball it. LeBron, do you think I could play in the NBA? You don't want the answer to that. He saw me try and dunk last week. Yeah. All right, let's fucking go. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen on Wondery Show, produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Reese's new chocolate lava. Big cup. Ooh, big Ed.

(2m 30s):
Kelsey's gonna go fucking nuts over that. Ed Salivating Right now. We're your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is Jason Kelsey out of Northeast Ohio. Cleveland Natives Bearcat alumni as well. Shout out to the Bearcats. Hopefully you can get it going here, boy. Basketball, women's basketball here in the the old Big 12. Come On now. Come on now. Subscribe on YouTube one Drew Plus, wherever you get your podcast. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s and Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. 92%. We got a banger one. We got a banger, we got a guest. Anything. It's been a long time coming. And with the playoffs here, the stakes could not be higher for him to come on the show.

(3m 9s):
He's the king himself. King James is here. That's right. Northeast. Ohio's finest. Get ready for some fun. Yeah, He's gonna help us recap the Wild Card Weekend. We'll talk a little Cleveland. Lots and lots of other fun. 'cause I've always wanted to talk to the king about everything. Cleveland and everything. Basketball, man. So this is gonna be a fun one, man. This is gonna be a fun one. Yeah. Before we get into LeBron, we just wanted to take a second and stop down and say that our thoughts are with everybody in the LA area. Yeah, I think we've all seen the footage and it's insane. Yeah. At this point, no people personally who have been affected by these fires and this tragedy. So our thoughts are with you. There will be a link in the description If you wanna support.

(3m 51s):
That's redcross.org/nfl. I really don't know what's gonna happen in the, even just the coming days, let alone the coming weeks and how this is gonna get rebuilt. So just letting you know, you know, we're thinking about you Everybody. Yeah. We know this is not easy. How did you, did it feel special out there in Arizona at the Rams game? You Know, I was walking through the, so normally we're out on the field and we're not in the concourse area, but because of transition we couldn't have that set on the field in Arizona. And when I was walking through the concourse area, I saw like the LA fire department hat that the Rams were co-signing with. I'm like, God dang man. Like, man, I don't know, just like hit me right in the moment.

(4m 30s):
Oftentimes football can be a distraction from some of these things. And I always enjoyed playing when there was crazy things happening outside of the game as a way to kind of just not have to think about it for a little bit. So, I don't know, hopefully the Rams winning on Monday, you know, gave the fans and the, some of the citizens some much needed escape from the things that are happening. But shout out to everyone that's involved in helping prevent, rebuild. You know, just the emergency responders that are there helping out the people that are in need. Yeah, It was pretty powerful seeing a lot of the LA fans in that place. I really thought big wit killed it in his speech, that the first speech I've heard from him.

(5m 14s):
He always kills it. He's always away with words. And he's obviously really personally connected to all this stuff being out there in la. So, yeah. Let's get onto LeBron. Let's pick up some spirits and get this conversation going. Joining us today, the 6 9 4 from Akron, Ohio. The number one pick of 2003 NBA draft 2004, rookie of the year, 20 time NBA Allstar four time, four time, NBA champion, three time gold medalist and the NBA all time leader in career points. That's right. 92 Percenters. Please welcome Northeast Ohio's finest.

(5m 58s):
Let's go. Oh my God. Yo. Yo, Jason, right? I might. Yo Jason, that might been the greatest introduction of all time followed at the end with the powder. Oh my goodness. You guys are fucking unbelievable. This dude is just wearing the powder tape, right? Right. Who's own it? Who's gonna clean that shit up Now? Kylie is not gonna be happy about this. Jason, you gotta, you gotta blow the powder away. Jason, you gotta, you gotta study the technique, man. I Way too much in there. Yeah. All right. Sky looks like a fucking ghost, man. That shit's great, dog. You started doing the powder, what year was it? Your rookie Year?

(6m 38s):
No, I don't remember If it was my rookie year. Trav man. I Think it was maybe second year, maybe third year. But I, I, I used to just go up to the, to the, to the counter man, go up there, put a little powder, 'cause it, You know, I like the resin on my hands and make my hands hands. I was gonna Say, was that like that move? Yeah, yeah. I just went up there, do a little bit of something and then just went to the game and then, You know, I started doing a little bit more and they started like, doing that towards the scorers table and they used to, I seen 'em kind of like, you know, getting ready for me to do it. And then I started doing like this and I threw it up a little bit one time and got a little bit more excited. I was like, you know what, fuck it. I'm just gonna have, Yeah. Yeah, it's iconic man.

(7m 19s):
It's fucking iconic. Hell Yeah. Alright, well we're gonna get into this right off the bat because I think this is incredible. Super wild Card Weekend, man. LeBron, you've been working with Draft Kings. Yeah. Yep. You Went five for six. Look At this pin, look at the football baby. Know some football. You Had the Chargers to win Baltimore to win Buffalo. To win Eagles to win. Commanders to win. Rams to win. That's crazy. That's crazy. You are you, I mean, we knew, we know you played football back in the day at, at St. Vincent's, St. Mary man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Has it ever actually like, crossed your mind what you could possibly do in the NFL? No, absolutely. Absolutely.

(7m 59s):
Absolutely. Like, like Has it, have you ever like taken it like a serious thought, like, man, what if I just did one year? Yeah. The only time I've like really taken it like super duper serious, I believe it was, I Think it was 2011 when we had the NBA lockout and, you know, and I didn't know, like, when we were gonna make the deal with the, with the owners and, and, and get our league back going. So I I, I actually thought about it a little bit back then. I was still young enough, you know, to get out there with y'all. But, you know, that's the, that's the only time I've actually seriously considered it. I've had serious dreams about this shit all the time. All The time. And you know what player you already know.

(8m 39s):
And my dream never actually, the, the ball is never kicked off. It's like me in the warmups, it's me coming out that's running my routes. And then right when the game started, I like fucking wake up or some shit. I'm like, okay, yeah. That lets me know I'm not supposed to be out there. There you go. Time out, come on now. It's all of the dreams. Yeah, we know exactly where, just To let you know, you're still young enough to get out there in We can, how you can get up and down the floor. Exactly. Who do you think your, your biggest comparison would've been on in the league? Everyone always likes to say Gronk or, or maybe even Calvin Johnson. Do you think? I was Gonna say Megatron probably the closest. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I probably like a mix between, you know, Gronk or Randy Moss a little bit, but he's a lot smaller than me.

(9m 20s):
He runs a lot faster, but he's a lot smaller than me. But like, Megatron, we kind of have that same like, stature as far as build or whatever the case may be. Mm. Ooh. Tony Gonzalez with him and his size, and obviously he played basketball as well. I used to love his celebration when he used to dunk on the goalpost too. I always, What I was trying to say Always. Oh, actually I saw you do it too, by the way. Time Here. See, I tried, I I might have just smacked backboard on that one. I dunno if I got up just smack the glass. Oh gosh. I used to be able to fly. I Know the NFL had a nerve to find you for that shit. I'm like, come on man. Man, Relax. You already know, man. Relax. It's, it was fine. Well Worthy actually was Tony G helped me out with that one. He, but instead of throwing any money at me, I just told him Send it to the foundation. Yeah, Send it to The foundation.

(10m 0s):
We go shout out to Tony G, Not Tony. Yeah. Give it up. Give it up to Tony G my, yeah. The Only game you missed in that parlay was the Texans Chargers game. What, I mean, we know you're a big football fan, I guess what is, how do you watch the games? Like how do you, how do you stay knowledgeable of all this stuff? You're a busy dude, Man. Listen, I try to watch as many, you know, NFL games, you know, college games, you know, high school games and yeah, I'm very knowledgeable about the game. I remember playing it obviously, but you know, just watching you guys out there and seeing the way y'all play, it's not just like as a fan, which I'm a fan of the sport, but also kind of like, you know, my IQ about the game. So the Chargers, Texans game, I was off on that. I felt like, you know, the Texans, they hadn't played consistent football all year, you know, and obviously losing Stefan Diggs and losing Tank Dale, You know, I just felt like big pieces.

(10m 50s):
Yeah. You know, big pieces and you know, you know, my boy, you know, you know my boy, you know, CJ Stroud has been struggling a little bit this year. He, you know, rookie had a year last year, you know, Ohio State alum, but he was struggling too, losing those big guys. And I felt like the Chargers was coming in on so much, You know, I felt like they had it. I feel like they had an opportunity, you know, and coach all been coaching those guys really well this year. But turnovers, we all know the name of the game and ain't that. And sports, especially in football, man, it's turnovers and that defense for the Texans, they turned them boys over multiple times, you know, and that's the game right there. Yeah. Yeah. They, the defense balled Out.

(11m 30s):
There's some tough ones for Herbert too, man. Threw some, threw some hands and ball deflections. It's, it's, that's, those are just daggers, man. Yeah. Those are daggers. You mentioned Ohio State, man, I gotta ask man. Ts will ever come and knock on the door. Absolute. Did Rele ever come? I know basketball Was always there. Did Rele ever come and knock on the Door? Absolutely, man. Trestle on the door. Plenty of times. They wanted me to come up there and be a tool, a two sport player. IE Travis Hunter. Oh man. We saw what Travis Hunter did this year, you know, with Colorado. Yeah. But definitely they knocked on the door and it was like, If you come down to Ohio State, we want you to play both sides. And I would've definitely thought about that. My best friend at the time, Shehan Cotton, went off to Ohio State full ride. Oh yeah. To Ohio State. And he played for Ohio State football, so that'd been super dope.

(12m 12s):
I could've like room with him, played football during the, during the fall, basketball during the winter and spring. So that'd have been dope, Man. Buckeyes man, man. Yeah, that would've been crazy to see you in a Buckeyes Jersey. That'd been dope. Maurice Claret was coming from around that northeast Ohio area too. He was, I believe they had just won it. Yep. Yep. He was, you know what's crazy, Ohio, Mr. Football, when Maurice Ette won his senior year, I was top three in runnings for Mr. Football as well. But he, he went crazy, man. He went to Warren Harding and Warren Harding. Yeah. Yeah. He went insane his senior year. And then his freshman year went on to Ohio State and they was able to beat that juggernaut over the Miami Hurricanes that year.

(12m 54s):
Yeah. You know, for the national championship. But Maurice Corre was a beast, man. Beast was that Absolute beast. 2002, right? This was 2000, this would've been 2003, four. So they three, four, yeah, yeah, yeah. Three, four. Yep. Yep. Man. Oh man, that team would've been nasty. Nasty. That was a fun game to watch. That was something That happened over the, over the weekend is, you know, we thought we could relate it to you because you're a big book guy. You're Big, big book guy. AJ Brown was seen reading a book on the sideline of the game. Did you catch This? I did catch that. I was watching the game and I did catch that. I, I can say I've watched the NFL for 35 plus years of my life.

(13m 36s):
That's the first time, first time I, I've seen Time. I've seen guys eat Skittles, Marshawn Lynch. Yep. I've seen guys with the oxygen tanks. I've seen guys, I've seen guys slam helmets, I've seen a lot of shit. That was the first time I've ever seen a book been brought out on the bench. First time You ever seen that in the NBA? No. No, never. No, No, no, no. Like just, just something to keep, ease the mind. Just go ahead and read a few passages. And by the way, when AJ Brown said the reasoning for why he did it, you know what? It was great. And then they showed the clip when Saquon had the, the touchdown run and he slid and you see Devonte and AJ like messing around with him, like, man go score that.

(14m 18s):
He like, no man, no chill. I was like, chemistry is still there. So Oh, it's, you know, you know the chemistry's still there. They've been playing good football. That's all that matters. You know, I think that's 10 in a row for them. They got it going. So, hey, if it's working for 'em, let 'em keep going man. Whatever. Whatever works, you know, I'm With you on that. No doubt. What about this Bill's Ravens game staying on the topic of these playoff games? Man, we got Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, you had the tweet during the game. Henry King. Henry. Yeah. Man, There's anybody that can call somebody a king. I think we're with them Right now. What do you like in this game? I mean, it's a tough one, man. I obviously, I think Buffalo, you know, has, I don't wanna say it's not surprising anymore, but they lost a lot of pieces in the off season, you know, and a lot on the Office of end too.

(15m 3s):
And then they lost a lot in their secondary too, you know, Micah Hyde left and, and Poer left, and Truvia Troian White left, you know, and you know, all those receivers, they were, so Eli was a lot of like, okay, will they be able to, to get to this point where they are? Well, they still got Josh Allen and Josh Allen That's right. Has been, he's been unbelievable. So, you know, for Lamar, listen, this is, this is what they want, you know? Right. This is this, this is why they grabbed Derrick Henry. This is why they, you know, made the change with the offensive coordinator to be able to get to the point where they could play either the Buffalo or play Travis and them boys that like, listen, If you wanna be crowned, you have to, you know, beat the top teams in the, in the A FC and the top teams in the a, FC over the last 3, 4, 5, obviously 20 years.

(15m 52s):
If you talking KC and these fucking guys right. It, it is Buffalo or his kc. So, you know, it's up, it's, this is, you know, in order for Lamar to get to where he says he wants to get, he has to go through Buffalo, he has to go through kc. So let, let let the games begin. I can't wait to watch that one. Yeah, he's been knocking on the door, man. He has been knocking on the door for sure. Yeah. He been knocking on the door. Yep. Henry definitely helps, man. He was running, he was like a Clydesdale running through that hole. He was fresh and I seen him all season. I don't know how, Man, That was amazing. That Absolutely. Yeah. Super. Look super fresh. Absolutely. King Henry, I, I've been loving the, the commercials of you and Kevin Hart. Man, I'll tell you what, just when I thought, 'cause you, it was a celebration one in the middle of the season and I was like, man, I, every time it came on I was dying laughing.

(16m 37s):
But the new ones, you guys got some heat, man, you and Kevin are absolutely hilarious together, man. I can't wait to keep seeing these things unfold. No, absolutely, man. Me and Kev, this is one of my best friends, man, when it comes to this and when we get on set, you know, we have a script and then it gets to the point where they, we just like, man, let's just riff and let's see what comes out of it. Let's just do it. And whatever comes out of it, because of our chemistry, you know, it's great working with Kev, working with draft draftings, being able to, to, you know, do things like that where it's just easy for us and Right. We knock those things out very easily and, and happy that people love 'em, you know, because it's, it's definitely fun. Oh yeah. It's Definitely fun. Sure. You already know. I can only imagine how fun it Cleveland Connection Is great. Always. Exactly, exactly. Always.

(17m 17s):
Heidi, thanks to our presenting sponsor Reese's Guys, lemme tell you about their newest creation that has my entire mind blown. These Reese's chocolate lava big cups Reese's. Sorry, Reese's, I keep forgetting they pronounce it differently than I've always pronounced it. Did you know that? Nope. I thought it was Reese's my entire life. It's not. Why Did we get that from, it's clearly like reading it. It's Reese's, but we've always pronounced it Reese's. Is that a Midwest Thing? It might be a, a co, like a, a cola versus a pop thing. It might just be whatever you grew up saying it. Yeah. Reese's has told us that the brand says Reese's. So I will continue to call it Reese's. 'cause whoever tells me to say anything anyway, picture your favorite Reese's. But now imagine, hey, taking a bite and discover a layer of chocolate lava inspired filling that takes the experience to another. This does sound so good. I can't wait to try this out. They literally took perfection and somehow made it even better than perfection. I didn't even know you could have perfection, let alone something better than all your peanut butter chocolate dreams in one cup. Buy Reese s Chocolate Lava Big Cups now at a store near you Found wherever candy is sold.

(18m 37s):
Alrighty, before we get back to more LeBron James, it's time for a little look ahead. Look ahead is brought to you by DraftKings. Joining me now is intern. Brandon, come on in here intern. Brandon. I'm here. What's up Bubba? How you doing? Hey buddy, thanks for helping out with this. How Are you? You're, you're in the middle of talking to LeBron. It's pretty crazy. I Know. Pretty crazy. It feels weird to interrupt LeBron James. It certainly does. I'm not gonna not say that All. We've got eighteens left heading into this weekend. Slate of games. Let's have you interim Brandon Construct same game, parlay Extra for your favorite picks for the weekend. For those who are unfamiliar. Same game. Parlay Extra is also called A-S-G-P-X and it is a parlay where at least two of the bets are from one game and at least one pick is from a different game. First Pick. I am looking at the Commander's Lions game. I am going to be honest, the lions have not scored under 30, I think since November. I'm, I'm gonna go with the Lions in this game. I feel very confident in them. I am concerned about their defense. Jason, should I be concerned about their defense? The Lions defense, Lions defense, I mean, they're banged up, but they're still healthy in the secondary and they play man-to-man coverage, which allows 'em to load the box. They looked really good against Minnesota. They'll double McCluen a lot and they're gonna pack the box to stop the run. So I think the Lions will win this game pretty handily. I just think that they're a much more talented team up front. But I've been wrong about the commanders all season, so I feel this exact same way. Yeah, I feel the exact, I'm excited to watch it. Next pick from that same game. I am going to go with Jamir Gibbs to score a touchdown. He has had TD in five of the Lions eight home games this year. And I don't know if I trust the Commander's D line. I love the way the lions use him. If it's a rushing or receiving touchdown. I feel like he is an incredible red zone weapon where you don't know where he might be springing from. Yeah, I'll be surprised if he does not score a touchdown. Let's see. Last pick. Last pick. We are gonna look at the game. I think we're all waiting for. This is Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen. It's at home. It's in Buffalo. I'm, I'm gonna go with Josh Allen over on passing yards. Two 50 and a half. Two 50. Two 50. I know, I know. He didn't crack 200 last time they played. I wouldn't say like the way their offense functions that I'm expecting a big passing yards number, but I think the game's gonna be close and I think that Alan's gonna have to throw for over two 50. So I bet he probably goes north of it. But like, this is a game where I'd go a over Alan's rushing yards if that was an option. Because I feel like in games where he has to win, he usually rushes for more. They're gonna have some designed runs in crucial situations. Isn't it gonna snow? I don't know. I didn't check the weather. Oh, you're right. I should check the weather. Alright, I'll check the weather. If I see snow we're flipping past into rushing, we'll flip past into rushing. You can check out all of those odds for the playoffs, those games, any games over on Draftings Sports Sportsbook. Jason, do you want to take us home? All Right, now that everyone knows about some of the awesome bets that are available at DraftKings, you're ready for the big game. That's right. Those of you who haven't checked them out yet can get a new customer offer. That's right. All new customers who bet $5 will get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings app and sign up using Code New Heights. The Crown is yours once again. Look ahead is brought to you by DraftKings. Now back to LeBron James. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.

(22m 40s):
Well let's move on to your football career a little bit. We talked about a little bit a while ago, receiver at St. Vincent, St. Mary, I believe you ran a four four, right? Yep. Yeah, The highlights are incredible, but we need to settle something. We've started this debate, and I'm sure you're aware what we're about to ask. What is easier to do an NFL player going to the NBA or an NBA player going to the NFL Oh my goodness. From, from a guy that could, that literally could have played both. You are the, everybody knows you could have done both. Oh, so this, this, this. I respect this Decision. This is a great debate. And for this I'll say I, I've been hearing and, and seeing people's responses and seeing people's questions or whatever and going back and forth.

(23m 24s):
I, I want to say that I think it's easier for a basketball player to try NFL. It's No Question over the NFL player trying to get into the N-B-A-I-I-I, I just, and I know we got some great athletes. I seen, I seen Keon Coleman's highlights when he played, and you know, and it's a lot of guys that's played basketball. I've seen Zay Flowers play his high school highlights as well. Oh Yes. They flowers too. He had Super athletic, fast, quick guard, you know. But I would say basketball to to football an NBA guy decides to go play the NFL. Yes. It's gonna take a transition period, you know, and for me it would've been like getting used to being hit again. Like, like I remember just like in high school, I was to go from summer league, from summertime playing basketball, playing a a u ball, and then going into the fall, I had to get used to getting hit again.

(24m 12s):
Like that shit, those first three practices, first three practices, once you put on the shoulder pad and the helmets, like getting hit again is the most important thing. And then like, you know, getting the cadence back, you know, getting, getting your routes back and all that. But once you get into a groove, you like, okay, You know, I got it. It's like riding a bike, football, going to basketball, it's a such more, you know, coordination and, and, and, and, and running and jumping and it's like consistent, you know, it's consistent. It's A consistent, it's a way different. Yeah. It's consistent. It's consistent foot, you know, with football, you know, you say hike, you know, whatever your cadence is, boom, it's quick, quick twitch, you know? Yeah. And then settle back, reset quick twitch, settle back, reset.

(24m 53s):
Yeah. Six seconds at a time, max. Exactly. Six seconds at a time. But in basketball, you can go on for four or five straight minutes with no timeouts, no breaks. And you gotta, you gotta keep your mind fresh. You gotta keep your eye, you gotta breathe. Like you gotta, you know, so Jason isn't, Jason isn't, isn't built for that one. Right. Yeah, I was about to say, listen, I, I could have definitely played in the NBA, no question about it. No, Bro. I gotta know. If there was one player outside of yourself who you think would be able to make the cleanest transition into the NFL, who would it be? I would say off top of my head, I would say Russell Westbrook an or Anthony Edwards. I think Russ Ooh. Be an unbelievable strong safety or free safety. You know, his ability to kind kind of like, you think he's playing Defense?

(25m 34s):
I think so. I think so. You know, and Ruy comes, he comes with that natural aggression off top. He does, you're right, you're right. He got, he got that. I see he got that, that, that Durwin James type aggression. He, he's lying, he, he's trying to hit somebody. And I think an Edwards, I seen a lot of his little league football highlights. And also I think he played in high school as well. Oh, I gotta check those out. He looked like he could make the transition as well, but off top, I think Russ for sure. Yeah. Anthony Edwards has a bit of that mentality as well. Yeah, yeah, for sure. What I've seen too. Yeah, for Sure. As fellow Ohioans, we gotta talk about Cleveland. Did you know Trav saw you play when you were in high school? Oh yeah. Baby Cleveland State baby. Have you guys ever talked about this?

(26m 14s):
Yeah, yeah, he did. I did. We talked about this a couple times. He came to Cleveland State and watched me rock out, man. Yeah, Man. I was in, I was, I was in middle school, man. I was just trying to see the king man. I was trying to see it before it went, went pros, man. I wasn't sure If you were gonna land in Cleveland. Luckily you did. And I got to see you play. Yep. Countless amount of times. But the, the gun then the Quicken Loans arena. Yep. But yeah, man, I saw you down at Cleveland State. How many times did you, did you play at Cleveland State? I can think of two off the top of my head, But Yeah. Yeah, I think I played at Cleveland State prior about five times. You know, I know I played a few times early on in high school, and then definitely a couple times in my senior year. So it was definitely, it was definitely a, a fun time being up in Cleveland and playing up there.

(26m 54s):
You know, I even played at the Gina too my senior year. Like Oh yeah. Yes. You know, played, we played against Warren Warrensville Heights, you know, my, my senior year, and I, I don't, I don't like to talk about this too much, but my game my senior year had more fans than the Cavs had that year. Oh, there's No question I need the only time they had more fans when MJ played in Cleveland. But that's too funny, man. But that was, that's too funny. That was good, man. I'll tell you what, man, I, for whatever reason, man, I was still like one of the biggest Cavs fans, even though they were the worst team in the league. Darius Miles, Boozer. Yeah. All those dudes. Yep. Ricky, Ricky Davis, man, all Those guys. You always get a few highlights of Game Man, Still be ready.

(27m 37s):
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, for sure. Like, you knew they was, they didn't win a lot of games, but they gonna give you a couple plays here. Ricky d you know, D Miles, Smosh Parker, booze, like all those guys was on that team, you know, it was fun to watch, even though, even though, you know, they wasn't that successful then, man. Yeah. But it was fun to watch. Well, You turned 'em up, baby. But you bring up A good point with like, you bringing more fans to the gun than the Cavs did. I don't think people now realize just how big you were in high school. Like, unless you grew up in that. It was, it was so crazy. Oh, man. Right. The level of expectation and fame that you had at St. Vincent, St. Mary. Like, I, I've never seen anything like that to this Day.

(28m 18s):
No, you're right Jason. And the funny thing is, like you say, like, and this is before social media, so you couldn't really, that's what it is. Unless you was there in real time, it was just word of mouth. You didn't know it was just word of mouth. It was like, okay, I heard about this kid from northeast Ohio, this heard about this kid. Yeah. It was like, okay, well, like who's trying to make a trip to Akron, Ohio? Who's trying to come to Cleveland? It's like, you know, but like, If you happen to be, you know, going to the Canton Football Hall of Fame, or If you happen to be going to Cleveland to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, or If you was to happen to be in town, and I happened to be playing, it was a show baby, then you understood what the hype was all about. You know, why it was so much conversation. So I can only imagine if social media was around there.

(28m 58s):
We would've like, I don't, it would've been too much for northeast Ohio at that point. That's Interesting. Yeah. It's really like, you were, you were the last of like that legend era of like word of mouth. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Man, back, back when you were playing, when I was playing like back guys had to literally be the absolute best to get some sort of highlight tape If you, if like there was nobody just out here just getting, just putting their highlight tape on YouTube and getting looks or getting clicks. No, no question. Trav. Like Right now, like If you, If you, you could be anywhere in the world now, and because of the phones and because of the things you can capture, you could be recruited and get accepted.

(29m 39s):
Back then when we played, If you didn't have a coach to come see you live, it was gonna be hell getting college scholarship showed up that day and you had to show up because they was all over the place. Like they was not just gonna come and keep coming back If you didn't show up. Like, and you had to perform in front of those coaches and you knew, you knew those games that those big time coaches was there too. So it put even more pressure on you to show out. So hell yeah. Yeah, absolutely. You're right about that, man. We had to like us three being Northeast Ohio kids, like, we had to show out when those coaches was there or we didn't know if they was gonna come back. Just missed The train. You missed the train. Yep. Not only Were you from the Northeast, you end up going to the Cavs. Yeah, yeah. You end up bringing the first title to Cleveland, man.

(30m 20s):
What was It like 50 years Or whatever it Was? I Think it was 50. Outrageous. 57 year. 57 or something. Crazy. 57. Yeah, exactly. I like, fuck, I I wasn't alive yet. Why? Why do I get this pressure? That's crazy, man. I do gotta ask o of your four championships, where does the one in Cleveland rank, I mean, the first one, it's hard to top the first one. Ain't that the truth? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We all remember our first one and we know the feeling that we had when we won our first one because of like all the disappointment before that, you know, all the hard work, the dedication, the, the things that people don't see, the nights that we cry about what this fuckery we coulda did better in order for us to get that first one, man.

(31m 4s):
Yes. And then you are able to prevail. That first one is so, so special, so, so dear. But man, it's nothing better for me than that Cleveland one, just because of everything. Like, like you said, the 50 plus years of no championship of Northeast Ohio, you know, the seven years I was there beforehand and it took me to leave and to come back to it, like to understand or appreciate it even more being down three, one with the great three one, the greatest team, 73 and nine Warriors with Steph and Clay. Oh, you already know and Draymond and you know, and coming back and winning that game and winning that series for the city of Cleveland for northeast Ohio. That's why you saw the emotional Fired up Right now.

(31m 46s):
Fired up Right now. You saw me crying on the court, it was like, it all just like, like that one 2016, I, I would become an old man someday. We will all become old, man. You got, you know, we got great beard. They're gonna be all, all gray at some point. You know, I coming in on the sides. Yeah, Yeah. That, that year, that's one year. I would never forget 2016 that that's, it was unbelievable time. I came back and went to the parade, man. It was absolutely epic. Dog. I appreciate you again for doing. I know I've told you a million times, man, It's the greatest parade, man. Absolutely. For Cleveland. One time baby Cleveland would be the only sports town to win a series three one and then baseball. The exact next series, News three to one, three.

(32m 30s):
We could've been on top of the world forever, Man. Goodness. We could've been on top of the world forever. But it's all good. Cleveland, by the way, the, the calves look amazing Right now as well. They got another opportunity. We are rolling. Yeah. I hope they, I hope they keep it going. They got an opportunity to do something special. So, You know, I hope, I'm glad I was able to put on first set the, set the trend and hopefully we keep it going. Here We go. Cavs. There You go, baby. Well, now that we're in the NBA, you've went viral a couple weeks ago, I guess now who owns Christmas? It's according to you, I love the NFL, but Christmas is the NBA's. Well, listen, we are trying to, we are sneaking in on that Territory. Listen, listen, I, listen, listen. I, I saw the, I saw the fucking numbers after the fact.

(33m 14s):
You Guys kicked our ass. All right. Okay. From a viewership standpoint, y'all kicked our ass. You, you had, you know, the games weren't as great as they should have been. They Should. Yeah. Well, you have fucking Beyonce come out there. I pretty Good game homes and, and Travis, you guys go there and kick Pittsburgh's ass and you know, you know, and you know, Beyonce comes out there, you know, but I had, I had, you know, you know, when you go out there, you got your little brother and he may gets beat up one time and you're like, Hey, we didn't lose that fight. We, we stand here. Yeah, we, yeah, we didn't lose. That's how I felt. I had to stand up. I I had to stand up for the NBA heck. Yeah. Hell yeah.

(33m 56s):
You've had a couple of huge milestones recently, recently passed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar for most points in your career, man. That's crazy stuff right there. And and obviously you and bro became the first father son duo ever to play in the game. I mean, I do what, what career achievement means the most to you besides the titles? We already talked about titles. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the, this type of stuff, like Yeah. Yeah. Which one is the biggest deal to you? I, I think besides the titles, you know, obviously the titles rank right up there. There's something that you, you know, when you, when you get into it, that's all you play for. When you're able to get with a franchise and y'all all believe in the same thing, it's like special man. Yeah. We are competing for championships in every year without a question. And when you're able to accomplish that, it's like, that's exactly what the hard work and dedication for.

(34m 37s):
Yeah. But for me, you know, obviously when it comes to the titles, that's one separate thing. But to be able to be in this league and play in this league and also being able to do it alongside Bronny Right now, that's like one of the biggest accomplishments and probably the number one accomplishment I've ever been able to do. Like to, to work with your son heard I heard a lot of people and like, not, not only sports, you know, but I've heard it in business and, and wa walks of life and this, it's the greatest thing you could ever, ever have. And, you know, to see him every day, you know, grinding and, and going through the, going through the process of trying to become who he wants to become while I am, you know, sitting there and just watching him and doing the things that he wants to do and being able to just take it all in.

(35m 17s):
It helps me get some of the, the, the minutes and and, and hours and years back that I did not have with him because I was playing so much and on the road for sure. And doing my own thing. Tra so traveling this. Exactly. So to be able to get some of this time back now, man, it's, it's pretty special. He's handled the hype and the scrutiny and everything so perfect. And so Well yeah, You had the hype coming out, but it, there wasn't the expectations of being, of being as great as you and, and yeah. And, and, and I didn't have to deal, you know, we go back to the social media, I didn't have to deal with the social media trolls either growing up. Oh, that's Interesting. You know, and I didn't have to deal with my father being this fucking guy that's on the pedestal.

(35m 60s):
I have to deal with that. Bronny has to deal with all of that. And If you ever meet Bronny then you'll realize, you'll be like, I'm such an idiot to look down on him or not want him to do great. He's the most chill, easy fun kid in the world. He goes to work, he goes home, he takes care of his body, he plays his video games, he reads a little bit and then he comes back and does the same thing and he, he's like the best big brother that his little brother and little sister could ever have. So, you know, nice. But he, he's dealing with all that too, you know, but that's gonna make him, I think it's gonna make him be even greater because having to deal with all of the things that he's dealing with and still being able to come back from a life threatening situation and still motivation, still have the motivation.

(36m 47s):
He didn't have to, bro doesn't have to play basketball at all. Right. It's, it's not like he needs the money. Yeah. That and He's Smart Individual. He's, yeah. You know, I mean, he can do whatever he wants to do, Right? He can do whatever he wants to do. Like if he wants to be the CEO of my company, he could be that. I, he, I'll give that to start teaching him Right now to be that if he wants to, but he's like, this is my career. This is my goals and this is my aspirations and I wanna play ball. This is something that I love. And I'll, I love that kid. He's awesome. He's awesome. Can't Wait to see him. Keep, keep going Man, man. Appreciate it. At what point do you even realize that that's something that can happen? Like, I don I look at my kids, I'm like, bro, that's insane. You, you're playing with your son in the NBA.

(37m 28s):
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like, you also had Your first daughter when you were like 30 dude, Right? Oh, that's fair. But either way, I just think it's amazing and I don't know, it's gotta be like, at what point do you like, I, I might be able to actually play in the NBA with my, like, was there a moment or like I I, it was, you know what, it's a video clip of me. I was that somebody sent to me not too long ago, I Think it was about seven years ago, and it's so weird. It's either seven or five years ago or whatever. I think Ronnie was either in the seventh or eighth grade, and it was my 15th year in the NBA and I felt incredible. I think that was the year I played all 82 games. I played every playoff game. I think I played like 105 games total that year.

(38m 10s):
And I came outta that season. I felt so damn good. And I think somebody caught me like, you know, do you ever think that there's a possibility that you may stick around to possibly play with one of your kids? I was like, man, the way I feel Right now, there is a possibility. And It just hit you right then. It hit me right then and there, and God, God willing and damn bat crazy shit to me. It happened. Yes, Absolutely. It's great. It absolutely happened. But yeah, it's pretty cool, man. Dude. Yeah. That's awesome.

(38m 41s):
Thank you to our sponsor ACCELERATOR Trav. What flavor you sipping on over there? I'm sipping on a cherry ice pop. Ooh. I got the OG dang rocket Pop. I've got it at my house. I've got it at the facility. I got a lot of the guys on the, on the team chugging these things. I mean, everybody needs to get accelerated in their life. And what better way to get natural healthy energy than ACCELERATOR baby? If you wanna be energized like us with zero crash or jitters, try it now. Zero sugar is proven to increase your metabolism focus and is proven to burn 165 calories per every Can you Drink? That's why I'm drinking these things every, all day, every day, baby. I'm up to like 10 a day. You can go find it at Hy-Vee QuickTrip. And Of course Amazon makes it too easy. Way too easy. You can get it right at your front door.

(39m 35s):
Thank you to Intuit TurboTax for sponsoring today's episode. If your schedule is as unpredictable as ours, trying to lock down an in-person appointment with your Tax Pro can get a little bit tricky. But now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live expert on any device. They do your taxes for you and get you your maximum refund all while you go about your day listening to your favorite podcast. How about that? Who wouldn't love to kick back with a cup of coffee fee propped up while a tech savvy tax expert? Make sure you're getting every dollar out of those business trips. I mean, that sounds like a dream. When you match with a TurboTax Live expert. They have cutting edge tools for any tax situation. It's 2025, it's time to file like it Now. This is Taxes brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.

(40m 30s):
All right, well, we're gonna get to this. We gotta ask, but you don't have to answer section. Yeah. We're gonna Rattle off a bunch of questions. Feel free. Love it, love. Tell us this fuckery off. Love it. Yeah. Just Tell us this fuckery off, man. No, we got, we gotta we gotta know the answers to these ones. Yeah. We usually end all of our conversations with this. So we got a list of questions. Again, you do not have to answer, but we do have to answer. Ask them. There's a story about you playing in an infamous pickup game with Michael Jordan when you were 16 years old. What was it like? Is that true? Like, could you tell us how you played? Yeah, So when I finally was able to get on the court, first of all, mj, Antoine Walker and the rest of those guys did not let young guys get on the court at all.

(41m 14s):
And I was 16 years old, I was sophomore in high school, and it takes a while to get on the court. It's usually when the older guys, they get tired and they don't wanna play no more. They like, whatever. But I did and I was able to get on the court alongside, I was on the court with Michael Jordan, Antoine Walker, penny Hardaway, legend, Artes legend, Michael Finley, all these guys. Who guarded You? Nobody. I was un I was unguardable. Oh Yeah. Listen, I'm was 16. I was 16 ice. So baby, there's a, you, there's, you know, was 16 the Baby pro? Yep. That was the baby pro. I was in Chicago at mjs court, it was called Hoops.

(41m 55s):
There's a cliff out Right now of actually Metal World Peace, talking about that moment as well. Like, oh man, I gotta check it out. When I finally got out there, I was like, I'm busting ass man was to show I was nervous as hell. I like being out there with MJ and the rest of those guys, but I'm like, Are you kidding me? I was like, oh, I I I'm, I'm, I'm about to go crazy. And I, and I did. I did, man. I did. That's awesome, man. I did. That's Awesome, man. I wish I was in that gym that day. That's crazy stuff, man. Well, you see all these shoes behind me, man. Now you already know I'm a sneaker head. Oh, I Know, I know. I've Collected 'em over the years, man. Was it always Nike you used to wear the Tmax at St. Vincent, St. Mary. I seen, I think I seen you wear the, the old Iversons.

(42m 35s):
Was It always Nike Trav? No, it was not. It was not always Nike. It was Nike when I was a young kid. When I was a young lad, obviously, you know, you, You know, I been in love with Michael Jordan my whole life, so come on now. You know, I saw him out. Penny Hardaway, you know, Ken Griffey Jr. Bo Jackson. I watched all these unbelievable sports figures. So as a kid growing up, it was Nike. Once I got into the a a U program, started playing basketball, Adidas took us over. Mm. You know, and it became Adidas. It was Adidas like from seventh, eighth grade to pretty much my junior senior year. They sponsored us every year. We played in all the Adidas tournaments, big time tournament in Vegas and all over the United States of America.

(43m 18s):
So it was a, it was Adidas. And then my senior year, the process began, the recruitments, the, the Nikes came in and the Adidas was still there. Reebok came in. Yeah. And won, you know, all these companies came in and I took on three pitches. I did a Adidas pitch, I did a Reebok pitch, I did a Nike pitch. The best pitch that I got where I thought I was gonna end up was actually Reebok at one point. Reebok. I went to their meeting, I went to their meeting and I sat down across from their CEO and the guys that was running basketball at the time, I don't know If you guys remember this, but Reebok had the NFL as well.

(44m 2s):
Yes. That's What it was when I first got Into the league. Yeah. They had the NFL as well. So they, you know, they knew push, they knew my love for, for football as well. So they had all the NFL jerseys, all the Pro Bowl looking jerseys. That was gonna be the next year. And I'm sitting across from the table, I'm a senior in high school. I actually have to have, I actually, this go to insane, I'm going back to class the next day. They flew me in. I'm going back to say Vincent St. Mary the next day, my senior year. And the guy slides over a check to me at the end of the table. It's me and my mom and Maverick Carter at the end of the table. And he says, if, If you don't go talk to any other companies, this is yours.

(44m 43s):
And I look at it, I look at it, 10 million fucking dollars, Oh, 10 million just right There. As an 18-year-old, I was still stealing change outta my dad's fucking piggy bank to go get some candy And shit. I was a high school senior man. They gave me a check for $10 million and if I promised not to go see anybody else, I told him, I need a break. They stepped out. I need to fuck you Can. Right? I need a time out. My mom looked at it and me and my mom were living in an apartment and, you know, section eight housing in Akron. I'm going back, I don't have shit, whatever.

(45m 25s):
And my mom looked at me, she said, son, trust your gut. If they're offering you this, then who knows what the other companies may offer you. Okay, mom. Yeah, ma, she's composed. Yeah, she's super composed. She's like, we ain't got shit already. So it's not like, you know, it changes our life at this moment. Yes. Maybe in the future, but I want you to trust your gut and do what you think is right. That's awesome advice, man. So they came back in boop. I said thank you. I would, You know, I would definitely like to continue our conversation, but I would be remiss if I did not take those other pitches from the other companies.

(46m 9s):
I may have cried on the way home. 'cause I had to leave that to your question, man. I, I just made the right decision. I was like, I could have bought the building and me and my mama was living in with that goddamn buddy. Man, what? Easily, You know, I got a similar, my, my rookie year or my rookie contract. I'm coming up on redoing my rookie contract and I decide, I potentially, I'm like, okay, I think I might do this myself. I might forego and be my own agent Yeah. And negotiate my own contract. And thankfully my agents were like, they talked me into like, no, no, no. We need to, you're gonna want to agent trust me. They sent over the first offer and I was like, all right, where did we sign the like, no, no, no, no, we're not doing, we could get a, we could go higher.

(46m 50s):
We could go higher. Oh man. That's funny as shit. Yeah. That first time you get, get a check like that thrown in front of you. Oh, for sure. You never Forget. You never seen It. You never forget. Never seen that many zeroes of your life. Never, never, never. Yes. Yes. Man, that's Too funny. If you seen this tweet from 2015, LeBron is 30, this fuckery won't go on for much longer. Thank God, by the way. Yes. I saw that tweet throughout my, all of my thirties. All my thirties. And I laughed at it so hard. Put it up In the locker. You just put it right there. I like Yeah. And you don't wanna know what's funny. When I turned 40, the same fucking guy said, LeBron turned 40.

(47m 33s):
This fuckery won't go on my slog. That's Fucking gold, man. So good. So good. Look at that. That's so good. Oh my goodness. Oh my Goodness. He's gonna be real upset when I turn 50. No doubt, Man. No doubt. That Shit was fucking classic, man, bro. Did You ever hoop in Heights Gym? I don't think I hooped in Heights Gym, man. Ah, I don't think so. You know what? I was actually thinking about that, and, and if I, I don't, I know it was never a game. I never played Cleveland Heights. Yeah. Cleveland Heights. But I might've been there for maybe a summer league game or just for a run or something, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Either way, man.

(48m 14s):
It's northeast Ohio forever. I, I wanna ask one more question, and I know you've talked about this before. How did, how did you do this from the expectations that were on your feet? Trav, you touched on this, like, I just, crazy man. Never seen anybody, and I don't know that I ever will handle, no, I never, every step of the way with such just like class and grace, Like, I don't know, man. Yeah, it's just been remarkable to watch the whole journey and to see the whole thing happen. And I know it's not over yet and keep on going, But yeah, I appreciate it, man. Young guys some advice. What the, what is the wisdom? What's, what's the wisdom to anybody else? Listen, Jay Trav, man, one, knowing where I came from, you know, you, you come from Hacker, you come from Cleveland, you come from Northeast Ohio, you know that you are one or two and three in a billion.

(49m 1s):
And, and If you get that opportunity, man, you one, you, you, you can't, you can't fuck it up. You just can't. Yeah. You Gotta lock in, Man. You know, being from a, a, you know, single parent household and, you know, and just me and my mom, I have no siblings. You know, seeing the struggle that my mom went through and, and things of that nature. That was another thing that I was like, okay, you can't fuck her up. Like, you just can't, you know? Because now you're given this opportunity. Yeah. Then I started thinking about my, my career. I was like, what do you want to be? And, and, and how do you want to be remembered? Like, do you wanna just go on and just play ball? Or do you actually want to be remembered when you're not playing ball? So like, I, I took that into consideration. I took that into serious account. I was like, I wanna be the greatest that ev anyone has ever seen in the sport, ever.

(49m 47s):
And then I was like, okay. But in order for that to happen, not only do I gotta put the work in on the court, I have to make sure that I take care of the business off the court as well. Like, you can't be a shit show. You can't be a piece of shit. You can't be doing things that affects anything that has anything to do with your profession and being available to your teammates, being available to the franchise, being available every time you get out there. That caused a distraction. I, I felt that. And when I started to start my family, that was another part. And I knew Savannah was the one, and I started having kids. I was like, I didn't have that male influence. My dad wasn't around. I was like, okay, I can't fuck that up. So like, yeah, I, I, I, all of this is like piling on, piling on and piling on, and yes, with the weight of the world on my shoulders, I remember I did a, a, a interview.

(50m 32s):
I wasn't even in the NBA yet. I think I had just got drafted. I did an interview with like Bob Costas or something, I Think it was him. And he said like, how does it feel to know that If you, if you're not a first round ballot hall of Famer, people will look at you, look at you as a failure. I was like, crazy, crazy. Fuck. I said, first Battle Hall of Famer. I like, oh, like, I'm like 18 years old. I said, I haven't even 18 years old. I haven't even played the game yet. Like, people look at me as a failure. I was like that. I was like, oh shit, this is, I hadn't even Thought about that. I haven't even Thought about that. Oh my God, they, there's people out here that really want me to fail. Oh my goodness. Right? And I, and I used that as motivation. I was like, I got something for y'all. I got something for y'all. So, man, it, it's a lot. But it's also just like to the, to the young guys out there that feel the pressure that, that, you know, feel like it's maybe too much.

(51m 17s):
Like If you just put the work in, don't be an asshole. Be a good person, you know, and dedicate yourself to the craft. The game will always be kind to you. That always, yeah. Take care of your body, eat well, you know, give your faith, you know, to the higher aboves, because we're, we're nothing without them, obviously. And just be a good person, man. It's not hard. It's not hard to say Thank you. You're welcome. How you doing? Have a good day. All that type of good shit. Like, oh, yeah's, nothing wrong with that. No doubt. Nothing wrong with that. Leading your life in the right direction, Baby. Yep. There it is. There it is. You get rewarded. Yep. You get rewarded every time. It's been inspirational the whole way, not just as a player, but I mean, I, off the field, what you've done from a business side, like man said, I like Trav.

(52m 3s):
I know you know this, but the impact you've had on players, not just in basketball, but other sports who have Oh, yeah. Seen the success you've had all walks of life. The empire you've, you've created Yeah. Around yourself, the, the trust you've been able to have with the people around. Yes, sir. You know, I mean, all that stuff, I've, you know, I've taken notes since the, since the Jump Man. I keep a lot of people very similar to me, close to me and, and around me in the business profession. And I took notes from you on it. So I appreciate you doing, doing the right things Always in forever. And I appreciate you coming on tonight, man. Thank you for taking the time. All timer for us. Yes. Up man time. Yes, sir. New Heights. Went to a new height today, baby. Let's go, baby. Go. Here we go. Got the king man, let's Go.

(52m 43s):
Thank you very much, dog. Hell, you already Gonna tell the family we said hello, man. Absolutely Trav. So best love for you. Best of luck to you in the next next game, man. I'll be watching. You know What, you know what, get after. Yes. I already know. I already know. All my guys love This New Year.

(52m 57s):
Healthy Habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient, and your dog will absolutely love it. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the Switch, now is the time. What makes them so different is that Food from the Farmer's Dog is developed by onboard certified vets and veterinary nutritionist to be complete and balanced. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human foods. The Farmer's Dog delivers their freshly made healthy dog food right to your door on a schedule that works for you and can be adjusted at any time with their 24 hour customer support. The food is pre-portioned specifically for your dog, which makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. It Doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more healthy, happy full years Together. You might not know this, but 60% of dogs in the US are overweight. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights, plus you get FREE shipping. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.

(54m 16s):
Thanks again to our participating sponsor, audible, This new year. Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Maybe you want to kick a bad habit or start a good one. Listening to Audible can help you reach the goals you set for yourself. All you have to do is open the app and whatever your focus or interest is, you'll find titles for. That's right. Like Atomic Habits by James Clear, or Outlive The Science and Art of Longevity by Peter Attia. Get advice or insight from leading professionals and experts on maybe health, relationships, career finance, investing a whole lot more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you're listening. That's Right. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at audible.com/new Heights.

(55m 11s):
Holy shit, man. It's just never enough time with my guy, man. I Mean, that flew by. I just want to just grill him. I just want to gr and I never want to grill him, and whenever I'm hanging out with him, like I never want to just bring up, just, I'm not bringing up nothing. So was Nike always the, you know what I mean? Yeah, just like Put him on the spot. If you had any advice for someone getting into business venture. Perfect. Perfect. That's what I was gonna do. Yeah, Just keep grilling him. Oh, man. He is the best though, man. No doubt. What a, what a good dude, man. Ah, that was the, the, the Cleveland kid in me. Whenever we talk to just some northeast Ohio guys or girls, it's just, it just comes outta me.

(55m 53s):
I feel like I'm like 15 all over again. It's fun stuff right there. There is Flower everywhere. Hilarious. Absolutely hilarious. You're like George Washington. Oh, look, it's George, George. Quick divisional round. Look ahead. Let's talk a little football. Even though we just talked to the previous week with LeBron and DraftKings. Any surprises for from you specifically on, on, on last week's matchups and the outcomes? Nothing that's, I mean, in the playoffs, anybody can win. That's why it's the playoffs, right? So nothing that surprising Playoffs, You know, Tampa was one of my sleeper teams. I really thought Baker Mayfield.

(56m 34s):
The only part of the season where they dipped down a little bit was when Evans and Godwin got Hurt, and they weathered that storm pretty well. I Keep thinking Washington doesn't have the roster this year, and they keep proving me wrong. So I'm gonna stop thinking that. You know what I mean? Like, I just, I keep thinking they're just a year away from having the guys to really get it done. But man, Dan Quinn, Jayden Daniels has been playing out of his mind all Year's, taking care of the ball man, And they're stopping the run. I thought Bucky Irvin was gonna have a hell of a day, and he played well. But I don't know. I keep thinking that there's, you know, somebody's gonna have a game where they just kind of dominate the trenches on both sides of the ball and it's just not happening. Tampa Bay didn't play bad, like it was a good game.

(57m 16s):
I mean, yeah, they had a couple mistakes at the end that really hurt him, man. But Washington also was, I mean, they had a couple fourth down calls that, like, kept Tampa in it, you know what I mean? Like, I think the, the Washington punt, no, they pun like what? None, No times, no, no punts, no, no turnovers. They were, they Were moving the ball. They were putting together sustained drives. Like I've been impressed with Washington all year, but I, I didn't think that this would be their year to compete with the big dogs. And I've been proven wrong. Clearly, Jaden Daniels has had a tremendous season. Their whole defense has been galvanized on a organization and team that I think has lacked a lot of, you know, hope and like leadership a little bit in, in like with the whole Dan Snyder thing.

(58m 2s):
And I think Rivera is a phenomenal coach. I just, it felt like that organization was missing something. And for this to turn around this quickly has been remarkable. Shout out to all those guys, man. And Bobby Wagner's still playing lights out. It's been awesome to watch, man. Zach Ertz is out there balling Sy man. I love seeing him get after it still in his career, man. For sure. You know, shout out to Baker on a great year. I know it's not the way those guys wanted it. I'm just happy that he's found a home down there in Tampa playing. Well, I mean, I'm right there with you. I thought that was, that was the one upset that, that I didn't see coming. And they gotta, they gotta really, I mean, I think they, they're the ones playing the lions, right? They're Playing the lions this week. This will be a big one. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, if you can stop the run, Bro.

(58m 44s):
Well, this is the one, Like, I don't know, man, I just, they play so well, like, they're so well coached on offense and defense, Washington and Detroit. But they, they like, every time I think they're gonna get run on Dan Quinn and this defensive line shows up. Bobby Wagner starts making plays like the Eagles had a couple big counter runs on them early the last time they played Washington. Saquon had a big run. He was like over a hundred yards in the first like, quarter damn near. And then right after that, you see Bobby start scraping over the top of the tight end and ruining that play. It's a vet man to Put it in. Jonathan GaN used to use this word all the time. They're salty, man. They find a way to get it done. They're res, they're a resilient group.

(59m 25s):
And now they find themselves, you know, playing in the divi, the divisional round. And it's been an incredible year for Washington. I mean, I would be beyond shocked if they get it done against Detroit this week too. But I mean it some point. It's just they, they're having a great year. The quarterback is playing really well. They're well coached and it seems like they're a great group together. So kudos to Washington. We're getting it done. Shout out to the commanders baby. Let's, let's speak in the next week. Let's go ahead and talk some, some divisional around football, baby. Okay. Okay. Well we got chiefs, Texans. How do you feel 25 days since you last played on Christmas? How about that?

(1h 0m 6s):
You gotta feel pretty fresh. Well, I mean, I've, is it too fresh? I've been getting after it. I've been getting after it. Never, never too fresh. You gotta keep the wear and tear on the body. You can't let your body get out of the zone, you know what I mean? You gotta stay in the zone. You gotta, that's why we were in pads this week. We had one or one practice in pads and we got after it. Ones on ones a little bit. And that keeps you in the groove, right? That keeps you feeling football. It keeps you kind of having that endurance, that muscle memory that you need to, to come out and, and, and play fast, man. But the Texans, I mean, you wanna talk about playing fast. That d-line, that defense, it's a, it's man, it's a real deal right there. And, and they showed it. They showed it this past weekend against the Chargers on what they can do.

(1h 0m 48s):
And they can create turnovers. They're a tough team. They're a tough team man. And I'm excited for the challenge, man. Their Secondary is very good. They can match up with pretty much any team in the league. Their defensive line plays very aggressive. They're well coached with Dko or Ryans. I, you know, Matt Burke, dude, just crazy. How many staff members I know for the Texans? Dko Ryan's, I played with Burke. The DC was with me in Philly with Jim Schwartz. Corey Unlin was with me in Philly. Billy Davis was the DC with Chip. Nate Ollie's the defensive line coach. Like, dude, it, I know the entire fucking defensive staff. I was, I was doing one of their games and he just kept walking by.

(1h 1m 29s):
I'm like, God damn you all motherfuckers are over here. They're well coached. They play physical, they play fast. They got a great group. Really do. Yeah. So it's gonna be a challenge for you guys. Shout out to Houston and good luck this week. You got any, what's, what's the, what's the keys to Victory? The Keys to Victory, man. Yeah, What's the keys to Victory? Heard about that? Play physical. Just give the don't turn the ball over. Don't turn the ball over. Get out to a fast start. Very good. It's always like a start fast. Finish strong. It, it's like the head coach for the keys to Victory. Just as like a, a running like seven list of like what it could possibly be. And it's just, how do I rearrange into three keys?

(1h 2m 11s):
Turnovers is always there. Take care of the football, Which I mean, playoff football, that is, you gotta Control the line of scrimmage. You gotta control the line Of scrimmage. There you go. It's the big boys up front. You guys control this thing that's, that's gonna indicate the outcome right there. Yeah. No man. Gotta play, play complimentary. All three phases gotta play together. Like it's, it's football. It's not that hard Ladies and gentlemen. Everybody knows that. Those are the things you gotta do. Okay. So the same thing that works every week for Victory's. Got it. Okay. Do This. That's the one, Jason, that's the one. No, obviously this team plays very, very well together man. And it's gonna take all, all 11 on the field. Yeah, I just said the another one of them right there. You Can't, you can't stop like it, it always comes down to that.

(1h 2m 52s):
It's just the same thing every single time. No man, you gotta punch In the mouth. Gotta punch 'em right in the mouth. Well let's talk a little Eagles Rams. Yeah. Rams coming into town. You think Saquon scores instead of slides this week, Dude, I was like, just go score baby. And I what was, he's like, I didn't wanna put the defense back out in the field. Is that was the, I mean, yeah, you never know what happens selfish. It's very, I remember, I remember a play, similar play happening where we ended up scoring a touchdown. The defense goes back out there and somebody gets banged up and misses the next week. So it's like, yeah, I mean I get, I mean, that was The thing. I'm going down at the one though. Yeah. Get all of my yards. I can, but then mean, You know, I dunno man.

(1h 3m 32s):
That's why he's where he's at and I'm here anyways. Selfless. Selfless, absolutely selfless man. And He's been like that the whole year. So he's just the ultimate team player. I expect nothing less. Yep. Definitely would've scored If it was me. But you know, that's why I don't play running back in the NFL and get 2000 yards. There you go. You did average nine yards of carry though in high school. Oh, so you can, I ran all over that turf over in Lakewood. I was flying on that AstroTurf. These kids nowadays don't know what, what turf is. Okay. Yes. He's the, you ever heard of Astro Turf? It's carpet over a parking lot. People don't even know. People Call it's carpet over a parking lot.

(1h 4m 13s):
People call, well we play on now turf in AstroTurf. I'm like, no, this is different. This field turf. No It's not. No. This is completely different. Yeah. All right. You don't, this Isn't carpet. You don't have To Put strips of tape so that your skin doesn't get scrubbed off. We bring extra bottles when the, when the trainers bring extra bottles of of Was it peroxide? Yes. All right. Because we're fucking all day just fucking dumping it on wounds. Yeah. Everybody leaves with a raspberry. If you didn't leave with a raspberry, I don't want you playing. But I'll tell you what, when you're young and it doesn't hurt your joints, it's fun. 'cause you're fast. You are flying On all that stuff. Our fast. Yeah. Everyone, everyone brings tennis shoes instead of cleats. It's like a reminder to everybody the day before and don't come with your cleats tomorrow, guys.

(1h 4m 57s):
Yes. I had those little nubs, I had like actual AstroTurf cleats, Dude. Yeah, I mean, those Are the best. Yeah. Well that's impressive. Yeah, not I had, I just had basketball shoes. It works too. There you go. But yeah, no, I'm excited about this game. I mean, the Rams obviously, I was just there this Monday. They played a phenomenal game against the Vikings, Matthew Stafford. They, they're clicking on all cylinders Right now in la so it's gonna be a great game. It's in the link. The Eagles got the better of the Rams last time they played. But the Rams have, have been, have been getting better. They, they played so fast this past week and I don't know If it was having the week off the week before where they rested some of their starters, but they, they look like a very, very good football team Right now.

(1h 5m 44s):
Oh yeah. Matthew's still slinging that ball as good as he ever has Slinging it around out there. So yeah, it's gonna be a tough game for, for the Eagles. But yeah, it'll be a fun one. Let's keep this thing moving man. Hopefully we can get this dubbed this weekend man. And keep our playoff hopes alive baby. Hey yo, our Super Bowl hopes alive. Finally, Last week we promised we would do a blind ranking of Will Ferrell movies this episode. Oh yeah. Let's get it going baby. That's right. So intern Brandon, please do the honors. I'm trying to remember all of Will's movies. He's got so many, So pulled these off of his top 10 on IMDP. So Is this in order? Are we seeing one? No, no, you're seeing them.

(1h 6m 24s):
These are his numbers. These are just numbers Don't mean anything Right now. Just first, first movie please. I Kind of feel like you would've gone in order. You don't Who's sneakier than that? Give me some fucking credit. Movie number one Stepbrothers. Fuck. This is a top. This is definitely a top, if not one, it's top three. Oh gosh. I'm trying to figure what's better than step brothers. Dude, it's so fucking good. Like I could watch it right? This fuckery now, which is damn near every movie Will's in. But I know I'm going, fuck. It feels weird to put the first movie we see at number one. That's A risk. But we wouldn't be wrong.

(1h 7m 4s):
That's a risk. No, it's definitely not wrong. I mean this is a lot of people's number ones. It might be my number one. I'm trying to like, I love old school. I really do love old school stepbrothers. Ah. But that, I feel like that wasn't as, As much Nights gets better and better every time. And Anchorman. I, I'm also, I'm if This is, I'm put Anchorman. This is Will if this is Will Ferrell a movie like old school. He wasn't the lead. That's Fair. That's fair to say. You know what I mean? Like, I'll say this, although he did, he did. He made probably the most impression on me as a kid. Yeah. As Frank the Tank. Like Does he get considered like his wedding Crashers a Will Ferrell movie even though he's not the the main guy Wedding Crashers. He's the mom.

(1h 7m 45s):
The Meatloaf. Oh yeah. No, you can't put him in there. He's in a lot of Ones. When I think of wedding crashes, I don't Think it will. Yeah, you think of Vince Vaughn think of God Dang. What's the other guy with the Crooked nose? What's his name? Wilson. Owen Wilson. Owen Wilson. The Crooked Nose. Jesus. Jason, I'm gonna put It at two or three just 'cause I think Anchor Man's my favorite movie. Anchor Man's my favorite. I love, I love it. Let's go two. Alright, Two Second movie up. We're thinking we're gonna forget about One Time Talladega this, you're in my wheelhouse Right now. Brandon. This you are in my fucking wheelhouse. I mean it's gotta be three. If we're going anchorman one, this gotta Be three. It's so good. And it's one of those that every time you see it, it just gets better. Fuck. You're right. God, it's so good.

(1h 8m 25s):
I mean it's gotta be three. It can't be one. I'm just curious what else is on this list? He's had so many movies. It's hard to remember all of them. All like off the top of your head. I got I I think it's either three or four. I can't go Lower than that. It's the, yeah, it's three. I'm going three. Three. It's two. If it's not one, It's so fu, it's so fantastic. So it's gotta be three. I love The Ball of Ricky Bobby Next movie. Oh, so Good. The other guys Great movie. Great movie. God dammit. Does this go four? Fuck. I mean there's so many good ones. This one's more of an underrated one and I don't exactly know why. 'cause it's absolutely incredible. Dude. It is so good. I'm gonna say it's below Elf and Anchorman for me.

(1h 9m 8s):
I also think it's probably below Old school, even though he's not the main in old school. It's just more of an iconic movie. Like this one never got the level of notoriety that all the other ones did for whatever reason. And I don't really know Why. I mean, I don't really, because it Was absolutely Hilarious. Movie reviews or ratings. I just watched the movies and this is up there for me. So I mean I'm going six. I'm going six. No, that's gotta be five. Five. Alright, I'll go five. I'll go five. I'll, I'll, I'm missing so Much. I'll concede, I'll concede. His movies are so good that I can't even imagine putting anything at 10. This is where we're gonna have to start putting some of these movies down there, Travis. We Have to. All right, next one. Next movie. Old School.

(1h 9m 50s):
This. See, just, I'm just, because it's God, he's Frank. Frank. The tank front. The tank's my iconic. He Goes straight into the quad. You're fucking crazy man. Do you think KF C's still open? You're Fucking crazy dude. I love you Go Drinking, But you're fucking crazy. Yeah, Frank, the whole town knows you had a good time last night. I Think it, I think Elf and Anchorman are one in four. Those are the two we Gotta leave from way, not four. No, No. I'm saying Elf and Anchorman are one in four. I'm saying seven. I'm saying this is seven old school. Seven. Yeah, I'm saying seven. Just 'cause he is Not the main. Yeah, I Just, if I'm just rating the movie I, I'd put it up higher. Can we go six? No dude, there's so many good Will Ferrell movies we're missing.

(1h 10m 32s):
But this movie is fantastic. It is. It's Vince. Yeah, It's the cast is incredible. The movie is great. Chop. Are we rating this on a Will Ferrell scale or just like the, the best movies that Will Ferrell has been in? That's a, that's, I've been going off of a Will Ferrell scale. Come on now. Gimme a number. Just go seven dude. Oh Seven. I'll reluctantly. I just disagree with It being seven. Alright, think. Go six. Find six. I kind want to go four Then go four. Fuck it. I just get me through this. Jesus. Alright, we'll lock it in at four. Next movie. A Night at the Roxbury. That's what I'm talking about. This is, Well this is a guilty pleasure for us.

(1h 11m 14s):
This one is, I'm just so pissed that we didn't talk this because it started off on SNL and it fucking became a fucking full On movie. And then I used to work out at Jake Glazer's gym. Unbreakable on Roxbury Road. There we go. Shout out to Jake Glazer and Unbreakable. Okay, Larry Legend. Shout out to Larry Legend. I love this movie. It is an all time favorite of mine. Krista Tan. It's so fucking, fucking good. I feel like Night at the Roxbury, even though it's one of our favorites. I objectively not one of his better films. I think you gotta go seven or eight. I'll go eight. Eight. Alright. Eight. Locking in at eight.

(1h 11m 54s):
Next movie. Elf. This is where we've ran into Tribbles. We have to leave one open for Anchor. Man, I got a little bit. No, 100% I've Front loaded it. I gotcha. So I say six. Cool. Ooh. Kicking and scream. This is what I'm saying. This is what I'm fucking saying, man. I mean, it's a good movie, but I feel very confident. This is outside of that top six we have Right now. All right, seven then because I'm, it's up there for me. You fucking Putting this at seven, Dude, I love kicking and screaming. Is it better than Blades of Glory? I don't. Is it better than Semi-Pro? No. I think this one's 10 for me. All right. I think it's a good movie. I mean, listen, there's not a bad Will Ferrell movie, Not of the Roxbury. Should have been 10.

(1h 12m 34s):
Wait, Where did You put that? 10. 10. This is 10. Interesting. All right, left that fucking next movie Scream. So good. Semipro. I'll go nine. Semipro Nine. This is, yeah. We're we're on the same page. I fucking love Jackie Mood. No, man. What a Character. Jackie Moves Electric. All of these movies are fantastic. Next up we have Blades of Glory Seven. Dude, If you do not have Anchorman with this last film, he's Such an asshole. If he doesn't have Anchorman, He did. I'm to be top 10, so it has to be anchorman. I don't even need to see it. All right. Blacks movie Anchorman. Yeah, I feel good about this list.

(1h 13m 15s):
Do you, do you remember Anchorman two? Yes. Oh yeah. Dude, It's actually really good. It's So you want to talk about movie, surprisingly. Movie. Movie. That gets better as you get older. That movie is so fucking funny. Oh my God. That shit is fucking gold. Look at that cast. Ah man. I gotta fucking grill my guy Paul Rudd about that movie, man. I just gotta, I probably need to know more. I Feel pretty good about this list. This Is a solid list. This is a pretty solid list. Would, Would we change anything with it not being blind? I'd probably, I'd probably Switch Knight at the Roxbury and either Kicking, kicking Screaming or Or Semi-Pro. I think that one was kind of just a silly one where these ones actually like the character was like, I don't know.

(1h 14m 0s):
I just, I just felt like those characters were better. Neither. Roxbury is a guilty pleasure of ours Though. People are gonna want Elf Higher. Elf's gonna get some tweets. Well, Initially I was already el for four, but he's got so many great movies. Yeah, I don't think Elf is better than, I mean I might put it above other guys. Probably other guys in old school. For me, I'm not putting it above old school. Old school's too iconic to me. God Damn. It's good. I love Talladega Knight with a passion. It's so good. I damn. I feel very confident. Anchorman and Stepbrothers are one and two though. Yeah, I think we killed the first, the top three. Any issues with the list? Please tweet at J Chat. 85. I think that was Jake's handle. Please let him know. Tell us how you feel in two. Tell Him specifically how you feel.

(1h 14m 41s):
Tell him he fucked up. Yeah, get him. That wraps Up another episode of New Heights. That's right. Thank you to LeBron James for showing up and coming out. Yeah, that was incredible. The best. Still kind of crazy that that even happened.

(1h 14m 54s):
Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. We will be back with another new Heights Wondery exclusive episode dropping tomorrow. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights is a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and entertainment and brought to you by Reese's new chocolate lava Big Cup. How about that man? Yeah, baby Head. Kelsey's gonna have a fucking time of his life. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one F for fun. Clips throughout the week guys. And thank you to our production for always making us look great and getting guys like LeBron James to come through. Man. Golly, what a guy. And thank you to the 92 Percenters for tuning in. Hope you guys had a good one. And thanks to our production and crew for always thank you for, did I say thank you? It'd be really funny if I just didn't edit any of that. I'm an absolute IBU soul. Thanks guys, to everyone. The End. Leave it In. Who knows that people even fucking watched the end of show The clips Everybody's already logged off of their computer by They're already tweeting about what LeBron said. They abandoned us long ago. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.

(1h 16m 36s):
As athletes, we value quality sleep and recovery, which is why we love our next sponsor Sleep Number. Sleep Number beds are the best beds for couples because you can individualize each side. Ooh, that's Racing You like yours, firm soft. I'm right around 50. I go from 50 to 60 Sleep Number beds also show your sleep quality every morning in the Sleep Number app. And If you struggle with sleeping too hot Sleep Number has the right temperature solutions for your best night's Sleep. Make sure you stop by a Sleep Number store. Check 'em out.