
Hey guys, this is Annie Agar and I'm very excited to bring you a clip from my podcast, The Offensive Line. If you're looking for a new football podcast with a sense of humor this season, I've got you covered. I'm looking at you Cowboys fans. You're gonna need that sense of humor This season. Each week I'll be joined by current and former players, along with celebrity super fans, for a fiery and fun twist on all things football fantasy. Plus a bonus episode for my weekly picks on Wondery. Plus, expect some serious roasting of players and teams across the world of football. We talk more shit than your fantasy group chat. I'm about to play a clip from The Offensive Line. Follow The Offensive Line on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Wonder. Welcome to The Offensive Line. You guys. We're here to make some picks, talk some, and hopefully make you some money. I am Annie Agar, your host here today with our guest. He's the co-host of the Dan Liptard Show with Stutz and the author of Stu Got's personal record book. How many times am I gonna say his name? I'm here today with the one and only. It's two Gods. You can't say it enough to be honest with you. Can it? Enough? You can't, and you can't promote my book enough. So thank you for doing it on the front end. I Love it. That's great. Yes. Little self-promotion. Iss a good thing. Okay, let's get into some game picks. Like I said, jets are a favorite minus seven on the road at New England. What are your pi, what's your pick for that game? What do you think of Drake May before I make my pick? Like what do like I think he's good. I think he's great. Right? I thought he survived a lot longer than I thought he would. I thought he'd die behind that O line. Okay. It's, it's ger, it's Gerard Mayo, it just, Right. And he's calling his team soft. Yeah, the Team's soft. That's your problem, dude. That's like the, have you ever seen, I think you should leave where he says he's in the hotdog suit. It's a skit. It's a Tim Robinson. Yes. And he comes in, he goes and they're the hot dog car, like comes through the house and he goes, whoever's the whoever's car that is should go. We're all trying to find the guy who did this. It's you, Mayo Rod, it's you. Right? God, They're Soft because you are, they're Soft. Because you are soft. Right. You're responsible for them being soft. Correct. Didn't he give out like a game ball to literally everyone on the team for week one? Yes. Oh my God. Soft. Soft. Yes. Okay. All all. So who am I taking? Okay. I am going to, as much as I, as much as they frustrate me, they have to get this right. They can't lose to the Patriots Jets minus seven on the road. That's, that's a big number. I like it. Yeah, that's a big, this Is a must win game seven. Seven Is a big number. I Mean, that's A big number. But the fact I don't that the Jets are seven point favorites and he speaks to how bad the Patriots are. So I will take the Jets here to win by 14 points. Yeah, I think I'm gonna take him, I'm gonna take the jet to cover for sure. Okay. But New England, I don't know. I dunno. Yeah, it's New England just sucked against the dolphin. There's no way. Okay. I'm also not feeling bad for New England. I mean, they had the gra Yeah. And Boston for that matter, they had the greatest 20 year run of any sports city, any sports city in America. And by the way, you said you could relate to me earlier with the Green Bay backers. No, you can'ts. You are a bad guy. That's true. I been listening. That's true. That's true. That's true. No, No, that's, listen, you had Brett Favre, you had Aaron Rogers, and now you have Jordan Love. You've won a couple of Super Bowls. I get your quarterbacks at the very end. I cannot wait 15 years from today. I cannot wait to have Jordan Love be the quarterback of the A year game And the Vikings. I know. It's the weirdest. It is the weirdest thing. And I don't know if Jordan Love, we'll get into this later, but I don't know if Jordan Love watches has watched so much game film of Brett Fav and Aaron Rogers. He's literally both of them. Yes. And I did this in my video as well this week. He has like Aaron Rogers on one shoulder, Brett Fav on the other, telling him, you know, check it down here, everything, it's okay. Be safe. The other one stand, throw the damn ball. Throw the deep throw. It's ridiculous. But I'll tell you this, neither of them are giving him good advice on White. No, they're not a white. Right. It's not an angel and a devil on the shoulder. It's two devils. It's terrible. Two devil. Okay, now we're gonna play a little game called Hope or Cope. NFL fans can talk themselves into literally anything. We've seen it happen all the time. Like how we thought the Jets were gonna be good this year. Is there something to legitimately hope for? Or our fans just coping with a sad, sad reality. So we're gonna put two minutes on the clock. This will just be kind of quick answers. You're gonna tell me if each, which should have hope or just cope. The Rams are two and five. They're getting Cooper Cup back though, but they play Minnesota on Thursday night football this week. Should they hope or cope? Hope the Ram should hope. Yeah. They're getting cut back. I know Cup has been rumored in some trades, maybe to the Chiefs, which would be absolutely ridiculous. But I think in a, you know, in a bad de bad division with San Francisco, not as good as they as they've been in years past. Hope, hope for the Raiders. Okay. 49 ERs, they're three and four. Oh man, McCaffrey will be back. But they are just dealing with so many injuries They had Brandon Ayuka out for the season. It's terrible. So is it time for them to hope or cope? Yeah. Ayuka out for the season. You have Deebo Samuel sitting in the hospital. Brock Purdy is overrated. Kyle Shanahan is also overrated. Blah, blah, blah. Kyle Shanahan, I mean, Jesus. Make it to a Super Bowl and actually win it when you get there. He, he has failed to do that. And everyone anoints him, as you know, the smartest genius coach in, in the NFL. He's not, yeah, cope, cope. San Francisco. You had a great run. It's gonna be a bad year. It's gonna be a long year. Cope. Kyle Shanahan came below a 10 point lead if he doesn't have one. Okay. Bengals, they're three and four. They're heating up, but they, their wins are over Carolina, the Giants and Cleveland. Is it time to hope or cope? It is time to hope. I know they lost that game to, to Baltimore a couple of weeks ago. I said at one in four, I told Ltar this, that the Bengals are the best one in four team in the history of the NFL. They almost beat the Chiefs. The schedule is easy. They will be five and four the next time they play Baltimore. And they play Baltimore, I believe, at home. So I would say a lot of hope for the Cincinnati Bengals, because I'm not certain there's a team better equipped to beat Kansas City in the playoffs than the Cincinnati Bengals. And lastly, Tampa Bay, their four and three Baker is leading the league in touchdowns, but Lost Godwin and Mike Evans last night. Oh my gosh. Is it time to hope or cope? I would say hope still. Like the Baker Mayfield story is a great story. The Browns could use a quarterback like that. It it is, it it, it's a great story. I know they lose, Evans Godwin is great. He's out for the year. Evans might come back. Maybe they trade for a wide receiver division. Is not that good. I would say. I would say hope for that Lots. I think there's more hope than Coke going on here guys. That's good news for fan bases. Yes. Alright guys. And now it is time for us. Stu got our segment called, no Offense, this is Your Chance. Not that the, the Zen Support Group wasn't, but this is your chance to rant about something that you are super offended by in the NFL or something that's just been bothering you. This is called No Offense. So first though, the rule is you have to start out by saying, no offense, but because everybody knows when you say, no offense, it's not gonna be offensive. So I'll start, okay, this is gonna be off the cuff because I have a lot of emotions about this. I'm gonna try and condense it down. No offense. But Jordan Love has the best parts of Aaron Rodgers and Brett Favre. Everybody's saying it's negative, okay? Everybody is negative about it. But I see positive qualities and I think this could be a very good thing. We talked about it earlier. He might go play for the Vikings and then go to the Jets afterward. It doesn't matter guys, we have a Hall of Fame quarterback. You guys try to tell me that he has the worst parts of both of my, my other Hall of Fame quarterbacks. I don't buy it. Okay? I think he looks great. His ceiling is incredibly high. As long as he doesn't steal from the Salvation Army. We're good. Okay? We're already better than Brett Fav. So gimme Jordan Love for the next 12 years, however many years I have him with the, the little parts of Aaron Rogers and Brett Fav. I'll take it. I love it. I love the man. No offense, but Miles Garrett and Jamis Winston, shut the hell up. What are you guys talking about? And who the hell are you defending? Are you kidding me? You are defending Deshaun Watson. That's the guy you're defending. And by the way, leave the fans alone. Fans are fans. It's not their fault they went out and got Deshaun Watson. So I don't blame the fans for cheering Deshaun on the way in. And I certainly don't blame them for booing him on the way out. Who I blame is Miles Gard at Jamis Winston for being complete morons and forgetting about all the off the field stuff that has gone on with Deshaun Watson. If you wanna blame someone, If you wanna speak up, don't speak up about the fans, speak up about Deshaun. He is the reason that you're getting this reaction from the fans. And If you wanna blame someone, blame Deshaun Watson for what he did off the field. And If you wanna blame someone else, blame Jimmy Haslam, the owner for signing Deshaun Watson when he knew everything that he did off the field. Enough. Miles, Garrett and Jamis Winston, please stop defending Deshaun Watson. Hey, Stu got, but he said, he said he was only bad for, or he was only good for most of his pro career. So the most of is the, you know, the big part there. Yeah. But what that was the best, best rant. That was the best rant. It's, that was crazy. I know, I get, you're supporting your teammates and everything, but no, treating him like he's some victim out here is just wild. And there was a, there was a take on it yesterday, I Think it was. Somebody said, you know, there are actual victims out there of things that he's settled, cases that he settled and now we're making it seem like he did absolutely nothing wrong. Yeah, it's crazy. It's crazy. Leveland brown. Yeah. You know, it's interesting 'cause people are pointing out like the bad play and stuff. It's, he's living with demons. Like he, that's he's, he's living with demons, right? Yeah. And so, yeah, And it would be, it would be harder to make fun of him if he didn't, wasn't literally the worst quarterback in the NFL. He sucks. He's terrible. Well, no, if he was playing well, they would, I mean, they'd be freaking out when he was quartered off the field, you know? Yeah, exactly. And ruptured his Achilles. Exactly. But, but he's not. And so I, Annie, I just can't stand when, when, when players and people tell fans how that fans are fans. Yeah. This is a release for them. Yes. Yeah. By the way, we have been rooting. If you're a fan of sports, you are rooting for bad people all the time. You just don't know it. You just don't know it yet. Okay? And so, I'm not saying they're all bad, but there are bad people you've rooted for, I promise you, over the course of time, you just don't know it. All right? They're bad in their private life. But I hate when people tell fans how to act. I can't stand that. Fans are gonna be fans. They're gonna cheer to Sean Watson despite all the scars, all the stuff off the field, all, all of it. They're gonna cheer him on the way in because they think that he could win him a Super Bowl and they're gonna boom him on the way out because he wasn't playing, you know, he wasn't playing well. And so for two players to come out and blast the fans for that and not blast their owner for signing the guy in the first place is patently absurd. It's ridiculous. Look at, if that happened in Philadelphia, imagine the fans there have done egregious things. Okay? They threw snowballs at Santa and batteries and all that stuff. The let's just leave the fans alone. Let them, let them be fans. Okay? We're all coping together. There's no hope. Unless you're Nick Sirianni, then you go and you sleep. I was just gonna say, Nick, yes, yes. Because that's on brand and Sirian, you need to listen. When you have a fan base that is a bunch of total assholes, your head coach needs to be an asshole. And that's what Sirianni is. That's true. You know That's true. That is very true. Follow The Offensive Line on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can access bonus episodes and listen ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus.