
The Hamburglar was just a mascot, but Jerome Jacobson was the real deal, a McDonald Security chief who almost pulled off the ultimate inside job. Hi, I'm Misha Brown, the host of Wondery podcast, The Big Flop. Each week, comedians join me to chronicle pop cultures biggest failures and try to answer the age old question. Who thought THIS was a good idea? At the time, the McDonald's collab with Monopoly was a genius idea. Come get a Big Mac and you could go home with a million dollar prize piece. The only problem when they picked their head of security, the one guy in charge of protecting those million dollar pieces, let's just say McDonald's drew the wrong card. Comedians Iffy wa Dway and Beth Snelling. Join me to break down what really went down with the McDonald's monopoly scandal. You're about to hear a preview of The Big Flop. Watch full episodes of The Big Flop on YouTube, or listen wherever you get your podcast. Remember when a big, beautiful family size house cost $250,000? Something like that. Today would be what? Triple the price. Well imagine. You get that house for free, grandpa gets a million dollars, and your best friend wins a brand new car. All thanks to the McDonald's Monopoly game. If that sounds too good to be true, that's because it is. Unless Of course you are the Robinhood of scammers, or I guess in this case, the Hamburg burglar of scammers. Let's get into it. Besties. It's the Monopoly game. Only at McDonald's with over 50 million prizes, it's super sized excitement For years and years, the game was compromised. It was rigged. This scam worked for more than a decade with the crooks making off with more than $24 million. We're own From wondering and at Will media, this is The Big Flop where we chronicle the greatest fails blunders and flubs of all time. I'm your host, Misha Brown, social media superstar and supersized drama queen at your bestie, Misha, and on our show today. I'm so excited. We have an actor, a comedian and writer. It's iffy Wadi way. Hey. Hello. Hey, how's it going? So, so good. Woo woo. We are also joined by another comedian and podcast host of Sweethearts podcast, and we called your mom. It's Bets Ell. Hi. Thank you for having me. So excited. So before we get into the whole story of McDonald's and the Monopoly game, what do you remember yourself about the McDonald's monopoly game? It felt like they kept moving the finish line. I mean, I'm over here getting repeat after repeat. It's such a disappointment to peel that off the wet cup and or the fries and find out you just have another fricking park place. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. I was all in. I probably just really made McDonald's sales numbers jump whenever it came around because I, because the way they did it is you'd always get two. You'd always get two. So you were always hunting down one and giving you that two made. You think you were closer than you always were, even though everyone had the same too. It's so true. I feel like people were like truly just getting the fries and ripping it off and then throwing the fries in the trash and like not another one. Well, today we are talking about how one man managed to cost McDonald's a whole lot more than Monopoly money by taking one of its most popular promotions of all time. And yes, this story does end with someone going directly to jail. So the board game Monopoly was invented in the beginning of the 20th century, and by the 1980s, it's become an American institution, just like another M name. We all know and love McDonald's. I'm loving it. So the idea to combine these two iconic brands comes from a company called Simon Marketing in 1987, and Simon Marketing also came up with Happy Meals. So I mean, they know a thing or two about selling hamburgers, you know what I mean? Now, the way the Monopoly game works is when you buy something in McDonald's, there are Monopoly game pieces attached to your drink or your fries package or your burger box. You can also find the pieces in ads in magazines and newspapers, which I did not remember, that the pieces are covered by little flaps that you peel off. And If you find the right combination of monopoly pieces or the instant win pieces, you win a prize. So let's take a look at an ad for the Monopoly game from 1987, you win a Dream vacation, collect these for a $250,000 home. What a home. I don't remember that. Yeah, I didn't know that you were winning houses. That's, That was in 87. So Yeah, that's true. Houses were way cheaper. Way Cheaper. And that looks like the McAllister home from home alone for 250 thou today. That is what? 2 million. We will drop this house on top of your house, Watch full episodes of The Big Flop on YouTube, or listen wherever you get your podcast.