
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


All righty. Let's talk about the Holy Grail of candy. Reese's peanut butter cups. That's right. You know 'em, you love 'em. And let's be real. You probably have a stash hidden somewhere Right now. Tell me about a Reese's cracked the code and literally created the perfect combo. We're talking about the chocolate Shell creamy peanut butter Center. There is something special about unwrapping that orange packaging and sinking your teeth into a Reese's Cup. That's right. That Epic combo has been something that has been a go-to snack for many, no matter what they're doing. And here's a pro tip from two Reese's Pros here. Try keeping your Reese cups in the fridge. It keeps that chocolatey goodness, nice and chilled for you, but be sure to hide it all the way in the back so nobody can take your, you know what I'm saying? Can't have egg Kelsey sneaking in there at 3:00 AM Stealing your stash. That's right. So why wait. See why Reese's peanut butter cups are our favorite? Buy Reese's peanut butter cups now at a store near you, found literally anywhere you can find candy.


Thank you to Mentos Gum for sponsoring today's episode. You ever notice how everyone's always reaching for gum when they're bored or need a pick me up talking To Exhibit A? Yes, I do understand that. 'cause I am always chewing gum when you can't concentrate on a page anymore after studying for so long Or when you're stuck in a back-to-back meetings and need to feel human again. We all Need a little ways to refresh our daily routines and make them more fun. And that's where Mentos Gum comes in. Sometimes it's as simple as popping in a piece of Mentos gum and taking a different route to work. Trying a new lunch spot. Trying a new workout class. Trav, what's your go-to Mento scum flavor. You're just chewing on these days. Just the traditional, the the, the old traditional one. Mint. Fresh. Fresh. Yeah. I like, I'll, I'll go winter green every now and then, or spearmint, but for the most part, I'm just like a fresh min kind guy. Sometimes all you need is a little reminder to refresh the everyday and shake things Up. Yes. To fresh with Mintos gum.


What's the art of the hockey fight? I'm gonna take this question off 'cause Brady would kick my ass. So It's got a little reach advantage. This, I feel the same way about Trav. A little sl wiry motherfucker. They Ain't getting in a fucking cage with you. I told Jason, I was like, we ever played the Eagles. I was fucking coming out there and I was gonna drop that. Drop the gloves with him. That would've been electric. Welcome back to New Whites, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and Girls. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Schwab. No Nonsense. Self Care for Men. How about that? No Nonsense Self. Well, what's, what's the nonsense?


Nonsense. What's the nonsense? Self care If you know they're fucking blowing. Smoke up. Beard oils. Beard oils. Some nonsense. Yeah, Exactly. All that shit. Yeah. You already know We Are your host. I'm Travis Kelce is my big brother. Jason Kelsey representing America. Yeah, Right. That's right. As we, we got a fun episode for you and we'll get into that in a second. But we are recording this on a beautiful Sunday morning in different parts of the world. Jason, I just realized that you have a new portrait sitting right above your head. That's actually, it's a beautiful portrait of us. Has that always been there? Has that not been there? I think that's been there for a while. Alright, subscribe on YouTube one through plus or wherever you get your podcast, Ladies and gentlemen, to Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week.


And Jason till the 92 Percenters, what we got coming up. We're back. That's right. After one week Off, we are back to You Every Wednesday. A short hiatus. Rejuvenated, baby rejuvenated. That's right. We're gonna get you guys caught up on everything we did last week, which wasn't that much. But either way, we're gonna get you caught up. We also got some no dumb questions and we got a great conversation coming up. We, the brothers of team, USA hockey And the NHL, the Kach Brothers are with us today, So can't wait to dive into that. But first, as always, As always, Let's start with a Little bit of that at New News. New news.


New news is brought to you by my dead friend, Zoe. Travis, what is That Is correct? Yeah. What, what do we got going on here? Tra Well, I, I helped support this film from a distance. It's about the military and it's about veterans coming back from war, specifically Afghanistan and, and having to deal with, you know, the problems of losing somebody in war that they went to combat with. Oh, wow. It's a, it's a beautiful story. I Think it's, it's something that, you know, a lot of veterans deal with when they come back home and, and I thought it was, it was obviously a star studded with people like Morgan Freeman, ed Harris, qua Martin Green, and Natalie Morales. I Think it was just, it was, it made sense to, to help support this film.


And it is getting absolutely great reviews and it is out this Friday. Well, I can't wait to go watch this thing. This sounds awesome. Jason, you ended up getting into a little fun with our guys fits and wit. Fits and wit. Yeah. Jumped on the couch with the boys. I did. That was actually be, we jumped on that before the Super Bowl down there in New Orleans. New Orleans. But Yeah, those guys are awesome. You know, we, we love both of 'em. We were out there in Tahoe last year with them and it feels like we've just hung out even more since then. So always good to chop it up with both those guys. They're great personalities, they're funny, they're engaging. Was happy to hop on the show with them. Dude, one of my favorite stories, Fitz is over there talking about the night that the whole gang came over to my house in KC like three years ago.


Yes. After The Thursday night game. It was so unexpected. Yeah, so unexpected for them to actually show up. I, I was like, dude, there's no way they're actually gonna show up. I sent 'em the address and they all pull up and I'm hoping, I'm hoping here, just like having the best time with them. And I was like a little kid in the candy store. I'm pretty sure we won the game and I was on, you know, had had the whole crew over the house, including everybody that was in the suite and That's awesome. I just remember Ryan going up into the attic and just grabbing the most, like, like all the shit I'm trying to hide from everybody, like randomly. Okay. Like, like artwork and like portraits and like t-shirts and shit. And Sure. It was just so funny.


He's just walking around the place, like he owned it and Every Time he came down the steps it was with something even more embarrassing than the last. That's hilarious. So Fucking good, man. The guy's the absolute best. And If you haven't watched, are you smarter than a celebrity? Fitzpatrick is the fucking man. Hell yeah. Fitz Magic is, he's, he is a Harvard grad, so he is absolutely brilliant. Yep. He's witty and, and he, he made it so much fun to be a part of that show with him. So make sure you guys check out Are you smarter than celebrity with me and him and on good old Prime video baby. Oh Yeah, baby. Love that. Love that. Jason, you want to talk about that, the parade you were at, dude, you went to a parade parade out there in Philly? Yeah, I was at a parade. Oh yeah.


Listen, Philadelphia knows how to do parades. There's a few things they know how to do extremely well. Parades is one of 'em. Whether it's a members parade or a parade after an Eagle Super Bowl, it was absolutely electric. There's something really like, and you know this from the praise that you've had in kc, but there's something so just incredible about sharing in a moment with that many people. Yeah, right. Like millions of people are lining one street in Philadelphia and down at the art museum steps and it's so apparent how much joy and pleasure you as a football player or you did as a football player. And now this team who just won it this year was able, able to provide for an entire city.


And I just think it's, it's one of the things that is just like beyond awesome to be at. And for me, Like, I don't know, it was, I got to see the guys before they went out on the parade. I went down to the stadium, got to hang out with them and was chopping it up with, with, you know, a lot of the offensive linemen, especially Stout and people that I had spent a lot of time with in Philadelphia. Got to congratulate a lot of former players, Jalen Hurtz, you know, Nick Sirianni. So it was, it was an awesome day for me to just like kind of appreciate as well as the fan base. Then Sek and I, we went on a different route. We were like, all right, we're not gonna go on the buses, we're just gonna kind of meet those guys down there. We went to the oldest bar in Philadelphia, McGill's, and proceeded to then try and just walk to the art museum steps.


Big mistake. Nearly impossible. We had to like, we got chauffeur there by some cops and stuff like that. Found our way there and were able to, I don't know, it was just, it was just a lot of fun. That's, we're running throughout the crowd. People are going crazy, you know, we're seeing the buses and all the guys, and like Nolan Smith is having himself one hell of a day. And it was just, it was really fun to be a part of and see those guys be able to, you know, experience it for their first time. Especially the guys that weren't there last time. We wanted it to see the city that galvanized around the team was incredible to see as well. Yeah, it's always beautiful, man. But I, I tell you what, I saw Sly before the, the game.


Yes. I, I don't know how long it's been since I saw him, man, but just to see him on the sideline and to give him a big old hug, man, I miss that fucking big bear dude. He is, he's such a good dude. He's, and it was awesome seeing him and seeing Connor on the sidelines. There's so many people in that fucking organization that I absolutely love. Cb, CB finally got a Super Bowl. How about that man? Happy as hell for him, man. Yeah, Man, he'd been hunting for that for a long time. It was really great for a lot of the people in the organization or for everybody, but like, especially people that, you know, you, you're there for a long time with or you're there who haven't had one yet and then all of a sudden they get that and the the celebration going down Broad Street, man, there ain't nothing better than it.


It's, it, I mean, people are going crazy. Try to, at one point tried to walk through Love Park and it's just, I mean, I don't know, it was just, it was, it was absolute mayhem. Absolute mayhem. So yeah, Philadelphia's got parades figured out. That's for damn sure. I love it. Well, there's another celebration in this today. Bennett turned two today. That's right. As you guys are getting ready to bring in another baby girl, Little Benny, little Benny turns two today and what do you guys got planned for her? So she's actually un unfortunately we're doing the podcast, so I, she's at, she's at the Alpaca Right now without me. We've kind of been celebrating it last night and today, But yeah, Benny's, she is so funny Right now and she's at that age where she responds and can talk, but she doesn't always know what she's saying and it's just adorable and Like, I don't know, it's, it's hard to explain, but it's, it's fantastic to interact with her on a daily basis.


And that's cool. Seeing the, the learning process and like the curiosity of a child all manifesting is just, that's probably my favorite part about being a parent is just watching a child figure things out and yeah, being there with them while they're doing that and like, how amazing, something as simple as like figuring out how to open up the fridge or, you know, whatever it is every day there's gonna be something that just blows her mind that you take advantage of every single day as a grownup. Yeah. And you're like, oh my God, this just made this little kid's entire day was figuring out how to screw unscrew a water bottle Right now. That's all she's doing the rest of the day.


And it's like the best thing ever. So anyways, Benny's doing great. Happy birthday to Benny. Happy Bday. By the time the next kid is here, we'll have a 5-year-old, a 4-year-old, a 2-year-old and a newborn. So, So we're in the thick of it. We're in the thick of it. Big time. It's gonna be crazy. I still don't know how we're gonna handle four, but it's gonna be intense. Hell yeah, you guys would be great. I can't wait to fucking get up in there and have some fun with those girls on the hand, 'em right back to you. All Right. Now That's the benefit of the uncle, uncle tra Well we got some, we got some updates for the Heights hotline. Yeah, we do. We love all our voicemails that we get from you guys on a specific topic, but we got a new one for you this time.


The topic is gonna be parenting advice. Ooh, That's right. From a soon to be father of four and a father of zero. That dude, I, I can give you some advice though for sure. No Travis. Great advice. He's a great uncle. Outstanding uncle. Which uncle, you know, kinda like a, you a father, step out belief father, like you're a little bit up there. Oh yeah. We had the best uncle in the world, man. Still got the best uncle in the world. Uncle Don. Big Don. Big Don. Big uncle Don. Solid uncle. Dude. My, one of my favorite people in the entire world, man. He would wheel us around. He would get us, he would just like spin us around like we were in a circus. We thought it was the best thing in the world.


He'd throw us up in the air. Yeah, no, uncle Don's the best. Yeah. You Know, We will answer some of these NOTAM questions on an upcoming Wondery Plus bonus episode called Heights Hotline. Look forward to that. Don't know If you want to take any of it of our advice as we give with anything from the hotline. Please don't take anything we say seriously, but we will be offering it up If you wanna listen to it. I'm so serious you listen to me. I know I got some shit figured out. That's it for your new news. Brought to you by my dead friend Zoe, only in theaters starting this Friday. So make sure you guys check this thing out in theaters baby. Without further ado, let's take a look at the Matt Chu and Brady Chu interview.


Alright, thanks to our presenting sponsor Sua. Ooh guys, let's take a minute to talk about our body odor. Jason, It's dangerous thing To talk about just notes of this. Yes it is. Yeah, sometimes you just can't avoid it. But good news, SUAVE just launched new men's deodorant so you don't have to stress anymore guys. Travis, Is there a sweaty moment that you relied heavily on your deodorant for? I've had a lot of very embarrassing sweaty moments and a lot of 'em are tend to be like on a night out where I just, I get dehydrated really fast and I just start sweating profusely. Fair enough. Your worries about Bo are long gone with Suaves new men's deodorant out there. Thank God.


Okay. And the scents are pretty solid. That's right. They got ocean charge, active sport stress relief. Man, I could use a little bit of stress relief in my life. Wait till you smell these. It's crazy that they're only like three bucks. Three Bucks. That's right. That's What I'm saying, baby. Mm. Other brands out there are charging like $10 or more for the lesser product. Suave cuts the bull shit just straight up good deodorant that works. That's right. Two whole days of fresh Plus they've got the whole lineup. Two in one shampoo, body wash, everything you need to stay fresh, simply effective. Affordable, all the above. That's right. Cut the bull outta your routine of Suave available now at retailers nationwide.


Alrighty. Thank you to our partner Mentos Gum. You ever feel like you were just going through the same motions day after day? Yeah, we've all been there staring at, you know, brake lights and traffic or stuck in a long meeting. Not anymore with Mentos gum. Listen up. This isn't just regular gum, we're talking about a whole vibe Refresh. Think of it as your personal reset button One piece and suddenly that traffic jam becomes your private concert venue. That's right. That meeting, that should have been an email. Well it turns out into a full on Fiesta. Oh nice. From flavors like Fresh Mint to bold strawberry Mentos gum transforms ordinary moments into fresh possibilities. Whether You wanna switch up your route home or keep your mind fresh in a meeting, refresh the everyday with Mentos gum. You know, I've been a fan of the Mentos since the fresh Maker era in the nineties. Man Do Of life. I'm way off. That was way flat. That perfect. That was all we needed though. That's exactly what it was. Thank You Fresh and I don't think I'm getting this fresh goes better with Manos Fresh and full of life. There you go. That was beautiful. I'll, I'll take it down a key. Alright. Yes, do Fresh with Manos Gum.


Thanks again to our spots or Intuit TurboTax. Remember when doing taxes meant sacrificing your weekends to paperwork and crushing numbers. Not us, because we were just kids back then. Welcome To 2025 where you can tackle your taxes without leaving your couch. Taxes was waiting around for your taxes to be done, which just led to worrying about, you know, not getting any money back. Oh Man, that'd be the worst. I would hate to worry about that Now. Taxes is matching with the TurboTax Live expert who can file your taxes as soon as today. We All love a cozy Sunday afternoon lounging in your favorite sweat snacks within reach, and now you can feel productive during your chill time. Instead of stressing about your taxes later, you're knocking them out in between your favorite shows with a TurboTax Live expert. TurboTax Live full service experts are backed by cutting edge technology that helps you get every dollar you deserve. No More wondering if you've missed something because while you go about your day, you can get real time notifications about their progress. It's 2025 guys, why do taxes any other way? Now This is Taxes Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.


Dude, Jason, you want to get this fucking thing rolling and, and do the intro. Let's do it Bobo. Let's get it. Alrightyy, our guest today from St. Louis, Missouri with a combined 16 seasons in the NHL six Allstar appearances won Allstar game, MVPA Stanley Cup Championship. We have the brothers of the NHL, Matthew and Brady. Good. Welcome to the show baby. Love The energy. Thank you. Oh My gosh, I'm up. I'm up now. Boys, Guys, thanks so much for joining us. First of all. How are we doing? What? An electric freaking tournament. How are you guys feeling? It's kind of set in finally. We've had a few days to really reflect on it.


The bodies are, you know, took a little bit of a toll, you know, so much for people thinking it was gonna be an Allstar game. That was intense Of hockey As, I mean, I I played in the Stanley Cup finals last year and it was, it was the exact same. So it was, it was very fun. Holy cow. Highlight for me was getting a chance to play with Brady though. It was, it was such an incredible time and, and something that we're gonna look back on forever now. Was this Fuck Yeah, man. Was this your guy's first time playing together, Brady? I don't, I don't know about Did you guys grow up playing together or was it too far apart? Yeah, we Were, we were too far apart. This was, we played in Florida the, the All-Star game, but that was just all fun and, and enjoying it.


But this was, You got the gear out. Yeah, Rolling right into the fire and, and honestly it was the best hockey experience I've, I've ever had. It was so cool. Unreal. So, so I'm not sure when exactly did they start doing the Four Nations tournament for, for all, all the football like listeners that we got on here instead of the Allstar game. They went with the Four Nations tournament, right? Yeah. This, this this is the first year. This was the first year. I was about to say I don't remember this happening ever before, But yeah, It's 'cause it's for some reason, you know, nine years since there was a best on best tournament and I think that we wanted to, to kind of bring a little energy for the Olympics next year since you know, the NHL guys are back going to the Olympics and Oh yeah, I think the N-H-L-N-H-L-P-A did a unbelievable job and, and I know it blew, like we were talking about, it blew the expectations right outta the water.


It was nice. It is so, so awesome. Yeah, I mean, Trav was talking about it. I don't, I haven't seen the general country as excited for hockey as much as it was for this last year and there's a lot of politics at play and other things that made it even more intense on the ice for you guys. But I don't, I love when hockey is that relevant? It's exciting. It's freaking aggressive. There is passion out there. Everybody loved what you guys are putting out there for Team USA And the product. The product, the games were fucking fun as fuck to watch outside of, You know, I mean the, the two brawls or the three brawls within the first like minute, any game, dude, it was electric, the entire tournament. And I think that, you know, me and Jason grew up playing hockey.


I don't know If you guys knew this, but Jason played through high school. I only played up to eighth grade. And don't get me wrong, it was just like double a hockey. It wasn't anything too crazy. But yeah, it was a, it was one of the most fun sports that I played growing up and I wish I would've fucking stayed on the, the ice just because of how much fun you have when you, you get out there. Did you guys like grow up playing other sports or was it just hockey? Because I know the road to the NHL isn't your traditional road where typically guys go through like the high school ranks and everything like that. Like they go through juniors up in Canada. There's a lot of different like avenues you can go. Yeah. What was it, what was it like growing up playing hockey? Yeah, so my parents never let us play one sport year round or love like just one sport in general.


Like they're genius. My dad obviously played 19 years in the NHL and shout out to Keith. Yeah. And he just, he just, I remember him telling us at such a young age, you have to be well-rounded. Like you have to enjoy going from, you know, one group of friends to your other group of friends, you know, in the baseball season, the summer, you know, your school soccer team or what, what else did we play? Basketball, soccer, lacrosse. Lacrosse. We played every single thing. Nice. That you could, sounds Like our childhood right there. Awesome. Yeah, you could, you could get your hands on, I mean we'd swing the sticks and play some golf in the summer, but I remember like after hockey season we might've played a few spring tournaments, maybe one summer tournament just to Like, I don't know, hang out with some friends and other than that the hockey bag was throw it in the garage and you know, we'll see it again in September, October.


So I think like I gotta give our parents a ton of credit for that because one, all these kids nowadays are getting burnt out early and they're almost getting forced to play it and I don't even know if they love it. And I think that it just helped grow our love for hockey more because you know, when you're playing other sports and we're having so much fun, like you're almost excited again for hockey season. So I give them a lot of credit for that. And I don't think we played just hockey until, I don't know Brady, when we went to the US team at 15. Like that might have been, that might have been since you Got into the high school. Yeah, like we, we both played, we had similar paths. So we both went to the US team for our, and this is US juniors. Yeah. So it's, it's US juniors. Yeah, it's the U 17 and U 18 national team in Ann Arbor, which was huge for us.


Like, and all the best players in the country are coming together, competing, practicing together. Just, I don't know, making everybody better. And then I went and played junior in Canada for my draft year and then two years later, later Brady went to BU for his, his draft year. So that was the only difference that we had in our, our hockey paths. Nice. That's Unique too. 'cause it feels like hockey is a sport where, at least for us, most of the best players I knew in hockey, they played hockey constantly All Year round. Like it was all year round. They played summer leagues, they played juniors. They, they were doing it nonstop. But I love hearing, I I think multi-sport makes you so much better as an overall athlete. So I love hearing that. That's great to hear. Let's get back a little bit to the Four Seasons or the Four four Nations tournament.


Do you think that they're gonna continue to do this? It was so massively successful. Matthew, you got an injury, you talked, you guys just talked about the intensity of it. Do you, you think that this is gonna be something that the NHL is going to lean into in future seasons? Yeah, I mean I, I think they've come up with a plan of like, obviously this was, I think more successful than they could, could have pictured. And then next year we got the Olympics and then I think they're doing a, a world cup where, and they've been talking about getting more countries involved that instead of the Four Nations get more like the, I think they're looking for like eight countries. So just to see more talent being showcased and I think they're talking about having even some games in Europe, which I think would be a really cool experience and, and tie that into the 2030 Olympics.


And so I think they're coming up with a every two years of, of an event like this to, to kind of do it. I just think everybody missed it. Everybody missed it. Juice it up, man. The best on best. But it's gonna be a little bit different with the no Olympic rules. There's not gonna be, they're not allowed to fight in and stuff like that. No, I'm the fence. Listen man, but you allow it baby, you gotta look. Boys was, It was, it was great. But So we, yeah Dude, So we been arguing to get that rule set in the NFL for years. I mean, could you imagine just one once every game you just get a fucking, You're allowed one Front to Take the helmet off and just says Bro, me. Oh man, I told Jason, I was like, we ever played the Eagles, I was fucking coming out there.


I was gonna drop out gloves That would've been electric. I do wanna talk about the fight. 'cause both both of you guys, obviously Matthew, you got in the first fight of the first game with Canada, Brady, you're the next, and then Miller got in the third fight, right? I don't know, did you guys know right from the moment of the anthem that that was gonna happen? Like what led up to that right off the first face off fight happened to Matthew? I think that, you know, USA we, that team is such a proud group of Americans and wanted to show how united we were and how proud we were to be Americans. I mean, let's face it like, You know, I I in, you know, the last bunch of years, you really haven't seen that from Americans in general, like to show off how proud they are to be a part of the United States.


And and I think that, you know, you're, our team did a great job of, of making a big impact on people from the whole tournament. But especially that game against Canada going into a hostile environment and, and wanting to set a, you know, set the tone in a, in a very tough place to play against, you know, a very great team. And so I think that, you know, we knew it was gonna be an intense game and me, Brady and and Millsy were talking before about it, about, you know, potentially, you know, if there were gonna be some scraps doing it right away Maybe Yeah, yeah. You know, If it, if the feelings right, you know, but if the, if they set the lights that are right and it, the moods, right. We'll see what happens. But to be honest, it was all joking around until like right before we went out for the anthem.


And then, you know, we send in our, we are the road team, we send in our lineup first, then they send in theirs and you know, they, I was just like, Brady, I'm gonna ask whoever's lined up on their left side to fight at first. And then the guy I asked fought me and then Brady I guess went right over to the bench and Call him for mid fight. Yeah. Call him for mid fight and then, and then Millsy went right after it. I just Think it was, you know, it made me very proud to be playing for that team during that moment. Fuck yeah. Right. You know, to see how united we were in a, like I said, a hostile environment. At the end of the day it's, you know, a fight to fight. You're going there to beat the other guy up. But I Think it was more than that. It was more to show your teammates, you know, we got this, you know, we're, we're together in this, we all come from different parts of the country, different backgrounds, different teams and you know, we're in this and we're gonna fight together.


So That's fucking Badass. That made me really, really proud to be honest with you. And, and, and even people, you know, since the tournament that's, that's all they're talking about, how proud they were of our team and how united we were and, and how we were, you know, an inspiration to 'em. And, and I think that's coming from the whole tournament. But that, that's what makes me most proud, I think. Thank You. I had say I, I was way more nervous for Matthew fight when I saw him start to throw. I was like, oh, here we go. Let's Go boy, let's go Boys. I was listening to the crowd too. Every time he was throwing I like, okay, I don't even know if I can wait until the next whistle like here. Like I gotta go like I gotta grab somebody down. I can't wait, can we? That's how Clean was our dab up too, Brady.


I'll remember that forever. You guys Got this dab up of all time Just, we set it that Jeff every single day Dude. So how the buildup and everything and how it snowballed and all that from the first game is so awesome. But there had to be a little bit of you, you said you were joking around where it was like you knew your dad did something very similar to this in 1996, within like the first 20 seconds of the game. I, I believe that was the, that's how it I went down with him as well. Right. Claude Leue. They actually were telling the story. 'cause the guy who fought Bill Garrin was our general manager for that tournament. And, and they were both laughing about like before it's like, who's taking the big guy like Billy G's?


Like I got the big guy that, and then, and they're a joker. I was like, big Walt, why didn't you grab the big guy? Like, you're bigger than me. And they're like, just to hear that, just to hear about us, like leading into the tournament about joking around like, alright, if if this is gonna happen, who's got who and, and stuff like that. So it's funny how it kind of came up 30 Years later. It's like the exact same story. So boy, so quiet. There's, I do think fighting is such an, a big part of hockey's culture, at least in the United States and in the NHL and it, it feels like it's misunderstood a lot of the times. I love the way you, Matthew just described it like it's it's almost about galvanizing everybody in like it, Hey, we're not gonna take shit from anybody.


We're standing up for ourselves and we're gonna battle. And I think that they had the same response on their end and that's what made it so electric. Like there was two countries in particular in Canada and the US that were so proudly like fighting for each other. And it was just awesome to witness. One of the things that Travis and I never got to do unfortunately with football is we don't, we never got to represent our country. So it's just so awesome to be able to see you guys do that in a wonderful, we're Living through, we're living through our NHL brother serious man. So We appreciate you guys. Man. I got to go to the Olympics for the first time this year, which was awesome. You get to see a bunch of people compete for the United States there. But yeah, watching this was, was incredible. I do gotta ask you what there, there's an art to hockey fights there actually that Travis and I never got skilled enough or advanced enough to learn Our hockey fights never got out of the locker.


We were locker boxing In the middle Of like hockey tournament or hockey like camps and stuff like that. That was as far as it got. We got a very rudimentary upbringing with either locker boxing or our man Steve Bogus who was both of our coach, just little leagues. Stevie, Stevie, rest in peace. He is no longer with us. But he said, you you gotta grab the other guy's right hand with this hand. You grab his shoulder right there and you kind of steer it and then you're throwing with this one. And I don't know, is there, is there more to it than that? Or what's the art of the hockey fight? Are there unwritten rules? I'm gonna take this question off 'cause Brady would kick my ass. It's got a little reach advantage.


This I feel the same way about Trav. A little sl wiry motherfucker. They Ain't getting in a fucking cage with you. Everyone's different though. Like it's, it's all kinda like the same concept, but like I know Matthew and I like even like watching like all of our fights and like, just like he grabs like the middle of the shoulder pads here, but I, I like to grab like, just like around his elbow. Oh, Interesting. Yeah. And like I kind of grab and twist it and like as I'm throwing like Ana, I can't reach him then like, I know it didn't happen against Canada, but I throw and then like switch hands to like go, oh yeah, but like There you go. Brady Brady's a brawler. Yeah, yeah. He's got the left and right.


He's throwing both hands. That's too much. That's too much for me. Yeah, You gotta you gotta get good balance on the ice to be throwing both hands like that. For real. Yeah. But when you grab like the elbow, it's like you, you control everything. Right? Like you can control, like when you throws over, like you kind of push your hand forward like above. Right? Yeah. And when he tries to throw an upper cut, you can kind of like bring it down a little bit, so Right. Thank Yeah. Like you just kind of tuck your elbow elbow and you're not gonna get hit. So love it. Yeah. But usually the mindset is how can he knock this guy out? Right. Or a up. So I love it. I love it. No better feeling. If somebody gets like cheeky and like, kind of like dodges and like, like moves, is it, is it frowned upon if a guy like kind of like flanks or if he like tries to, like are There any rules or any unwritten rules?


Is there any other finesse kind of move that you make that's like, I've seen, I've seen guys do like the Superman punch and like that's always like in a square up. That's the only thing I'm thinking about is like, I do not want to get Superman punched. But yeah, I would like kind of like throw head fakes, like get in there and it's like, and you don't wanna like overextend to go grab him. 'cause then he like back up and can throw. But nice. I mean, unwritten rules, like usually when the guy's down, you don't hit 'em right. Unless there's no unwritten rule. Unless you, unless you don't like the guy, which we usually don't that we're still throwing at the bottom. So there you go. But yeah, there's, it's, it's a free for all when it comes to us too. That doesn't matter until the refs come in, it's until we're going into the box we're gonna still try to throw.


Yeah. I love it, man. How was like moms and grandmas, how did they feel about you guys throwing the mi or dropping gloves? Well, Nobody knew and honestly it didn't even cross her minds that like we didn't tell anybody in our family. Yeah. And then I guess we were just debriefing after the game with, with the fam and Of course everybody was so excited. But I guess my dad saw right off the draw, like Matthew going back with like his one glove off and he's like tapped my mom's like, you don't really know what's coming, but it's happened. Right. She's like, what are you talking about? Then whistle and then the gloves came off and, and I guess she was just, my mom doesn't really handle it too well, I think.


I mean she's accepted, like that's kind of who we are as players, but I think on that stage and she was pretty nervous and, and, and then same thing happened, the next draw my dad was like, Hey Brady's going just watch walk. He's like, no he's not. No way. No way's Letting his brother, I guess for like 15 minutes. She just like, couldn't believe what was going on. And, and, and our grandma's, it is the same thing. She's, I think gets a little nervous, but I think she knows like how we grew up and, and how we were roughhousing each other growing up and how we've kind of built that toughness with the both of us that we can kind of handle our own.


But, but it's funny, like I know Matthew's fiance, my wife, I don't think like they're, they're not like that. They're like almost it's, it's like that's who we are, so. Right. Yeah. It's funny to see the Not even surprised And my, our sister Taryn, she loves it. Yeah. She was probably giving so many fist pumps and high five at everybody. And, and so it, it's pretty funny to see the, the different people in our life with the, the different reactions that they have for it. That shit's awesome, man. My favorite reaction was when they cut to Matthew in the penalty box after you started fucking brawling, dude, you were fucking banging on the glass. Dude. I can only imagine how that feels to watch your brother just be on his team fighting for your country.


It's like the one time you get to represent your country and you guys know you guys did it the most badass way, man. That's just so cool. Yeah, Absolutely. Watching Brady was legit like the most proud I've ever been. That was, it was just so surreal. It was awesome. Yeah. That's another thing. You guys shared a penalty box together. What was that like? What'd you guys talk about in there? It was a highlight. It was a highlight. It was, we were just talking about the fight, how awesome it was and just like, That's five minutes ever spent, huh. And then, and then Millsy came in and just the same thing. We're just like, yeah. Oh my God. Like that just happened. Yeah. Like this is awesome. Now let's go win the game. Fuck yeah, let's go make it meaningful and win the game. But, and it was unbelievable.


It was so, it was just like those little things that like I know I, I always micd up for that game and I'm excited to see like the, the full clip and dude way. There was a little clip of our, our conversation right when we came in and, and it was pretty funny 'cause I, I'm excited to see the whole clip of just what we were even talking about. It was, It's like two kids talking. It's like, how how was my fight? Oh, it was great. How Was unreal? It's, it's, we're just Like, I don't know. You guys know what it's like, we're just, we're with each other. It's like we're two little kids again, just having fun. So that's what it felt like in the box. It was the best. Fuck yeah man. Well there was a lot of momentum built up and now I think the NH L's gonna benefit from this. People are all in on hockey Right now.


It's an awesome time to be in the United States. As a hockey fan. Hockey fan, what do you think the USA can continue to do to build on this momentum and, and continue to push the sport as a country? Well I think it's, it's exciting because you've got people across the country that might have never heard about hockey before or watched a game that are now fans. And that's, that's something that, You know, I think Brady and I and the rest of our team should be proud of and, and that we grew the game in this country and the game's in a better place now than it was two weeks ago. So I think that first and foremost is very exciting. I just think we have to keep building momentum like with these international events too, because like I said, how much pride our team showed in representing our country.


And there is nothing like wearing that jersey. It doesn't matter what team you're on. Like there is just nothing like it. So I just think next year when it comes to the Olympics, we, we have to, to do a job and, and compete our asses off and ultimately come out with exactly what we want to accomplish. So I think that's very important. But the game's in a better place Right now and, and this tournament was a great idea for whoever came up with it and it was a huge success. So. Absolutely. Yeah. Just hockey keeps growing in this country. And I, I think too, like, you know, your, our team in Florida, you know, a non-traditional hockey market is seeing so much youth hockey grow. Tampa's had a lot of success. So you're seeing it there. And then what our, our captain Austin Matthews is from Scottsdale.


You know, like there's, there's guys from all over the country that maybe, you know, when my dad played it was Minnesota and Boston and Michigan. So yeah, Detroit, it's, it's growing a lot Right now. We just, we just gotta keep it going and, and keep putting together good performances. Yep. Fuck yeah man. Well growing up in a hockey house, man, your dad played 19 seasons in the NHL, which is god damn. That's impressive man. So you guys grew up in St. Louis. Were you guys big blues fans or who were you guys cheering on in terms of like who you guys were attracted to growing up in in the NHL world? Was it like Brett Hall and the boys or what? My dad came a little bit later than, than Holly. My dad came, we were both born in, in Arizona when he played for the Coyotes.


Yeah. And then I think I was four, Brady was two. Maybe I, yeah, I don't know the exact, when we moved to St. Louis instantly got hooked on the blues and, and the players on that team. But it's funny, like as we got older, 'cause my dad played till he was 39, So we were, you know, more than old enough to remember and watch and loved the game and love, you know, some of the teammates and other guys across the league, like at, at one point later on in his career, like our dad's just our dad. Like he's not an NHL player. Like yeah, he's not, he's not cool. The cool guys are Sidney Crosby and Patrick Kane of those Guys, you know? Yeah. So as much as we were blues fans, you know, we, our idols and guys we wanted to be like, were were Sidney Crosby, Patrick Hayne, some of those young, you know, studs at the time that now we get to play against.


So it's, it's so surreal. But our, our dad is, is, you know, is the best. And looking back, you know, what he did for us is he kind of ingrained the love for hockey, like organically, but him bringing us to the rink all the time, like there were no rules from the coach or the gm. Like, my boys are coming to the rink, they're gonna skate before they're gonna hang out in the room. And luckily they're, you know, everybody was really cool with it and allowed it, but That's awesome, man. That's so cool. So I think, and Brady and I both played in the NHL and we were 18 and I think what a lot of guys have trouble with maybe outta the gates is what it's like coming into a room full of, you know, NHL guys at that age. And maybe the lights might be too bright, but, you know, we grew up in the rink, you know, with my dad bringing us and, and being around the guys, being around the trainers, you know, treating them, you know, as good as you can and, you know, just being around older guys and, and so I think that him doing that really allowed us to have success right away and allowed us to make the NHL at that age.


So a lot of credit goes to that, but growing up, I don't know Brady, like some of the best memories for us is just being around the room with the guys and Oh Yeah. Shooting the shit and skating with them before practice. I mean it's, it's memories that I've always thought about and I can't believe that we were lucky enough to be able to do that. Heck, we were just talking about your family watching you guys brawl. Did you guys ever see dad throw the, throw the hands on the ice? Oh yeah. What was that like? Man, A couple of times. Oh, it was, it was, we were just, oh, dad, you got, you got beat up last night, like, come on. No, I, I remember like just watching because we were so close to the action and it was just like, just so fired up and that we'd probably try to emulate it in the, like the room after.


Like, oh, this is how like he did it. We just start going and I remember, oh, that's so bad. Like there was guys just egging us on and we were just going toe to toe in the locker room. I remember, I remember once we were in the room, we were playing like we would just like, you know, play fight. Somebody would be like, all right, you guys should fight. We drop the gloves, you know, fight, whatever. But I remember one time, it was after the game, we're in the family lounge and we're playing mini sticks with a bunch of kids and I just run, run Brady, sorry. And I just run Brady in the numbers, you know, right from right crosscheck the back or right into the couch. So as the, the blues doctors and training staff had an, you know, an easy night, nobody got hurt. So they're leaving the rink and my dad calls back and the team doctor comes, grabs Brady and Brady had to get stitches.


Oh, That's, those are some Of the, you gotta love it, baby. Those are some of the shenanigans that we were up to at the rink. It was, that's just a blast. It was a blast. Blast. Dude. Mini sticks is such a freaking, and that's all we used to do when Travis was playing, like all the brothers we'd playing mini sticks in where they used to store the nets, right? But the nets would go out on the ice and then we'd go into that cage and we'd play mini sticks with each other. Our dad actually set up a mini stink or mini stick arena in our basement. He put plywood, all this wasn't Anything special, he just puts No, at the time it was special. We'd, it'd be full contact mini sticks down there. That shit was epic. We already know Mini Sticks is a classic. How Much advice did pop give you guys as far, and is he still giving you advice as far as like being a hockey player and navigating your careers?


Yeah, he's, he talks to us after every game and, and the, the, the thing that he said honestly, since we can remember Matthew and, and even to this day is there's two things. Just be a good teammate and just work your ass off. And those was the only two things that you could control. And, and just If you do that every single day, and that goes to the next guy and that goes to the next guy and that's how you, you know, become a winning team. And, and for Matthew A. Stanley Cup team, and Of course it was Matthew's been so new to Florida, but I think just that mindset and that advice that he's brought in just was a breath of fresh air for that team.


And, and the reason why they're successful in Stanley Cup Champs is 'cause of matting that mindset. So I Think it just, you know, big Walt, he's, he's got a lot of advice, but those two, he is always said right from a young age. That's awesome. He sounds like a fucking man. Love. I love that dude. You guys are making your dad sound like a fucking og. I love it. How was, how cool was it to get him to drink out of the Stanley Cup, man? Oh, was that like, that had to be one of the most proud moments ever, dude, We got some stories. I know he's got More stories, but It was, it was so special. Like he, he worked his ass off for 19 years and, and came close, but ultimately didn't get to, to finish the job. So to me, one of the coolest parts of that day, I'm, I'm sure Brady might remember it a little bit, but I remember like it vividly exactly what was going on.


So you were obviously up 3.0, we blow a three oh lead, we're going to game seven. And for some reason, like this day was just, it was just a calmer day. Like it was just, I don't know why, it probably shouldn't have been, but it just felt better. And I'm going to my car to drive to the rink and Brady and my dad walk me out, don't say anything, just walk me to the car. And I thought that was just like a all right, they got my back, you know, no matter what happens, but you know, this is, this is important. And as I'm driving out, I just like, You know, I just clues in with me. I'm like, I'm not only playing for, you know, myself and my teammates, but like, I'm playing for my family that have sacrificed absolutely everything for me.


My dad has came, has come so close, you know, Brady has, has put in so much work and will get there one day, but like, I'm playing for my whole family and everybody that's got me to this point. So that was like a super cool moment. And then the next coolest was, was after that game, when we're on the ice, when I finally got to hug 'em all and, and I don't know how, but the cup got into my hands, like when all the families were out there and just me handing it to my dad that first time was a feeling that I'll, I'll never be able to, to really explain how I, you know, how unbelievable it was. And then, and then all the shenanigans in the locker room after it was just, you know, the cherry on top. But that, that was such an incredible day and one of the most amazing days in my life and I was so happy.


I gotta to share it with, you know, my brother, you know, my sister, my parents, all the family. It was really cool. That's so awesome. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. We, we talk about how the Stanley Cup is the coolest of all the, it's not even trophies man. It's not even close and the, and the tradition where each player gets a chance to, you know, have a day with him. And I just think it's, where the fuck did this guy just go, dude Ball blues out here hollering. Yeah. Did, so did you take it back home with you or what was the, did you, did you get a day with it or a couple days? How does, how did it work with you after you won it? Yeah, So it was all like so fast. I remember we won, I had like went to the Cape Cape Cod to party for 4th of July, then went out in Tahoe, saw you guys there.


Oh yeah. And then right after, then right after Tahoe, like I had to race back to St. Louis because I got it like a couple days later. So it all happened so fast. But I was the lucky one. I got it for a day and a half. So I got to hit up everything I wanted to in St. Louis. I had, you know, an unreal party. People flying in from all over the country, family from everywhere friends came back in town. It was, it was so cool. But the two things that I really, really wanted to do when I had day with the Cup is one, I really wanted to bring it to the Children's Hospital who it's, it's been such a big, you know, important, you know, charity in, in our family's life. Going back to my dad, giving back and, and working with them throughout his career and then Brady and I doing stuff in our respective city.


So that was like number one, wanted to take it there. That's awesome, man. Love that. Love that. And then too, like, I just really wanted like a few hours at some point in the day where it was just my family and I and just staring at the cup. Yeah. And just, just hanging out and like hearing the cup stories from the, you know, from the cup keeper. Yeah. You know, hearing, you know, what was the craziest year, craziest party, what'd this guy do with it, you know, where'd this guy take it? And, and just hearing all the incredible things that this big silver trophy has been through. And now it's in my house and I get to hold it and lift it whenever I want. Like, it was so surreal and, and I know it was just so special for me to have the support of, of all my family throughout the whole year.


But like that day in the middle of summer when it started to, you know, die down a little bit was a truly an incredible day. And, and, You know, I can't wait to, to try to compete for it again. Well, you, You've gotten into some trouble at the start with the cup keeper bringing him into the ocean. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, weren't happening. Call him out On, you can get in trouble with the cup. Whatcha gonna do, get in trouble with that guy? Yeah. I didn't know he could either, but I, but I guess after, you know, after we won zero hours of sleep, about 40 beers later, I took it into the ocean and yeah, it's, I guess it doesn't deal well with salt water, which it makes Sense now, but I didn't know the rules.


I mean, I just, It was a free from, we Just won, we just won the thing 12 hours earlier. Like, I don think about any rules. That's Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, but they weren't too thrilled with me, but yeah, it's all good. We're we're good now. Nice. We're get It figured out. Yeah. That thing was actually in this basement that I'm in Right now, I got to see it firsthand. I couldn't, can't drink out of it unless you want it or are with somebody who's won it. So, but I did get to look at it, which it's even more of a spectacle in person, This fucking jabi. So congratulations for winning that. We did. And we, we did have another, speaking of cups, we did have another cup situation this off season. You brought up Tahoe. We got to see Travis's flip cup skills.


Were you impressed with Travis's flip cup skills or He, he's a little bit of a, he's a plank, but you gotta be careful with him. I, I remember it was the first time I played the drinking game baseball that I remember. And that, that was, I've, I've told the story because, You know, I don't know. One of the, one of the guys that we were playing with, I know it was four on four. I know our team was Travis Miles. Yep. Teller, chase Crawford and myself. Yep. First it was BG Blake Griffin. Yeah. Yep. The Miz, JJ O oie and Oh, and Baker.


Yeah. So it was a, it was kind of an iconic game. Star stu. Yeah. Yeah. And, and somebody's fa somebody's family member. I don't know who but took a picture of it or something. I just remember, I mean, Trav was like sho hey, he was hitting home runs and stealing bases. Oh yeah. He was, he was the MVP I was in. Yeah. Sounds like you're just hitting singles. Hey, I was in singles Camaraderie guy, Getting guys on base On base percentage. That's what it's all about on base percentage. Yeah. That was, that was a really fun, I mean, you guys know how fun that week was and I'm looking forward to this year again, Brady, are you gonna make it out to Tyler this year? I, I'll, I'll take a caddy job at at this point. We gotta get, I don't have to have the stress of, of shaking and hitting people.


Just have some beers and hang Out, dude. Hey, it happens, man. You, you, If you make it out this year, Brady, we got us four. We gotta get a mini sticks drinking game figured out. Well, we gotta figure out some game revolving mini sticks and beer. I, I'm in on that. Oh, Absolutely. I remember, I remember Oosh man, oosh, once we went to flip cup, I started like, kind of getting a little, like bending the rules a little bit. Dude, he was not having it, man. I was like, I like, I'm one more like cheating, like one more time cheating away from just getting fucking socks by my guy right here, man. We're about to have a good old fashioned hockey fight right here in love. TJ's the man though, man. Yeah, no, that was a fun, fun night for sure. We gotta wrap up. We're gonna ask a few, we gotta ask.


You don't have to answer. That's the name of this segment, so we're gonna ask questions. You don't have to answer 'em, you can tell us the fuck off, whatever you want. But we are gonna ask these questions. All right. You ready? Perfect.


We gotta ask is brought to you by Metos Gum? Yeah. Isn't That Brady? You could just answer first each time. Matthew. There We go.


Alright. Who was the favorite growing up? Matthew? Matthew oldest. I don't, I don't think so. I think, no, I, I, let's say Taryn. Let's, let's go with the easy answer There. Go. That's Easy. Easy. That's fair. She's the, the only girl in the family, so she, she's the favorite. All right. Do you guys have a welcome to the NHL moment? We talk about this with football guys any moment that like, it's like, oh wow, I'm in a, I'm this now. Yeah, I know. For me, I was standing next to Alex Ovechkin and I was like, dude, oh my god, holy cow. Like I'm, What is going on Right now? I think he had like two goals that night. I'm like, I was dashed two. I'm like, all right.


That's why I welcome to you. I'm gonna go work on some stuff. That's, that's a good one. I think mine was just first NHL game was in the new Edmonton rink and they did like a passing of the torch moment right before we went on the ice where Gretzky had messier were on the ice just like with the puck and they left it and then McDavid came flying off the bench and like took the puck in scored and the building erupted. I'm like, shit, Holy cow, I can't be Here Right now. Yeah, You just gave me chills just thinking about that shit. Holy crap. Crap. I'm like, there's no way I'm in the right place Right now. I, this said that was so that, that was mine. But also I played Ovechkin a few weeks after and same story as Brady.


He's like, welcome to the NHL kid. And I'm like, how does he, and he's, he's a big man too. So that was, that was cool. Yeah. Fuck Yeah. The man. If you, If you guys drop gloves on the ice between you two or maybe even you and your dad, who's winning outta you three. Brady, I'll save you a trouble. I'll answer This. I don't need you to stuff me a locker with your answer. I would go, I would go Brady, my dad. Me? Yeah. 1, 2, 3. Yeah. Alright. Brady, who's taking it?


You or your dad? I don't know. That would be that. I like, there's Like mental, there's a mental advantage that Dan has in that one. Oh, he, he definitely, he has me on that aspect. He'll probably walk, I'll go with him. No chance. Brady. I got you. I got you. You don't have to be nice. I got you in that. Hey, thanks bro. Alright. What's the more physical sport? Hockey or football? I mean football. 'cause you get hit every single play. Yeah, like hockey. There's shifts where you might not get hit. You might just be skating around. But football, it's every single play. I will say though, the hardest I still have ever been hit is on the ice and multiple times.


Like when you get a hospital pass and you're just going across the middle and you get hit open ice, not ready for it. There is nothing that hurts. And now I, I didn't play receiver Trav has been hit going over the middle. It's gotta be similar to that. Yeah. For a Receiver, I'm thinking about like a slant route for me. I'm like, yeah, I don't know if I wanna get hit down the middle. That ice, That ice is hard. People, I mean it's like concrete That is, I don't know. What do you think Trav? You've, you've had both, you've had a hospital pass and been hit on a, like a route like that. I didn't play the hardest I've ever been hit on the ice is like against you in practice. It was just, I, I was, I was like 6 1, 6 2 on skates in eighth grade.


Like I was always the biggest kid, so there was nobody really like throwing, throwing me around yet. That's fair. Yeah. But yeah, I've had my fair share of fucking knockout blows coming over the middle for sure. Yeah. I don't know. I wouldn't know if the Kelsey's in the chu switch sports. Who's better at the other sport? Dude, For sure. You guys at hockey, there's No tra You need to watch me try and skate. It's been a long time. You guys have the size, you guys have the size and the intimidation. Brady and I would just be like, you guys Are six two and six four. What do you mean? You guys are big dudes. Yeah, we'd be, we'd be very slow compared to everybody.


We'd be, I dunno, but we'd still What Position would you guys play? What position? Lemme ask you that. What position do you guys think you would play? Brady's probably built for, you've got a little tight end in you, Brady. I think. Tight end D end. You see that? See that? Yeah. And then I think I'm, I think I'm linebacker. Throw that Middle linebacker. Warn know. Yeah. Probably middle linebacker All hard baby All heart. A middle linebacker that, you know, wants to some goal line offensive plays for a touchdown. There we go. Gimme no Mikey Brains in there, man. Who talks the best, best shit on the ice? Man? I mean, Matthew, I know he's chipped me in a game before.


I'm like, oh my god, I'm your brother. Like, don't. Yeah, right. You just, you just rattled me. So I don't, I'm giving him, I like in Calgary, when you chirp me, like go, go hop on the bike like in between periods, I'm like, I conditioning that bad. I just was like, struggle. I guess I am really struggling out here. I just know Brady. I, I actually do remember, I just know that that would actually affect him and I can't believe it did. This is great. Yeah, there's, there, there, it's, it's surprising, like there's not much chirping in the NHL anymore. It's just, it's kind of like a lost art. I mean, people just don't really do it that much. I think the intimidation factor is, is is more of the, the chirp itself than the actual word.


So I think, I think Brady's pretty good at that as well. Is there a hockey slang that people should use more? Hmm. I feel like if you're around hockey players enough, you kind of hear like the natural, Like, I don't know, like slang and just like lingo that you guys use on the ice and it's Like, I don't know, it's so fun to be around, especially when you guys are competing. I don't know, I just, I feel like there's definitely something like that. I didn't know If you guys had any fun shit for us. No, I mean the only thing I can think of is like, I feel like we always say is like beauty and fell on and like, oh yeah. Like little Things like that. Like, just like that. I Like what a beauty. I Love that you're such a beauty. And that's really all I can, like It's, it's so funny though.


Like I feel like when you say that to people though, sometimes it could be a chirp. It's like, oh, Brady, you're a beauty. Like you're, You know, I, it's, it's used both ways for sure. That's probably, that's probably our favorite one because it could mean so many different, different ways I guess. I love it. That makes sense. Love that. That makes so For sure. You're such a, oh, you're last one. Last one. Yeah. You're a fucking Butte. I'll tell you what the, we, we have a stat here for through the first 400 games you guys lined up with your dad and the penalty minutes are fucking off the charts through 400 games. Brady, you're at 5 88, which is fucking ridiculous.


Matthew, you're at 3 95, but your dad has had a staggering 1000. Well I mean he played for 19 seasons this Amazing four. This is through 400 games. Jason, How many 10 minute misconduct did he get? That's What I'm saying. He was, I thought I had a lot at the end of the game to I'm telling ref, sorry, gimme a 10. I'm outta here. But he must have done it every other game. Beat the traffic home. Yeah. Do you guys think you'll ever catch Dad by the end of your careers? I mean, he's got 2000 I think in total. I i, I don't, I mean to get to a thousands of wed, but, but 2000 is a tough one to Beat. That's crazy. Oh man.


I think, I think my dad's most impressive stat is he scored 50 goals, which is insane. He scored it twice in a season so much. But one of the years he had 200 penalty minutes with it. So it's like, it's like, damn Dad, like you put that number at a hundred, like you might've scored 60. You Might've, you would've stayed on the fucking ice. He's Warner in the box. He's like, there's no other option. That joke. He Is like, fuck, I wasn't thinking of that. That's my kind of player right there. That's my kind of player. That's Jason. Jason notoriously leads, you know, he still has the record for Ohio State Hockey for penalty minutes for Cleveland Heights High School. Travis. Nope. Can't tell me any different.


Jason can't tell me until you prove that stat wrong. You led the state. Alright, fair enough. What's the greatest hockey movie of all time? Miracle. Yeah, Dude, it's hard to talk to. Number One. We watched it before the Canada game till the, in, in the first one we had like six of us in like a, it was almost like we were back to like youth hockey. Yeah. Had six guys in my m in a room just watching Miracle and it was so awesome. Dude, we fucking love that movie growing up, man. My, one of my favorites also though is sneaky. I know. I well you're right, but one of my sneaky favorites is Mystery Alaska. Yeah, Dude, That one, that one's a sneaky like dude, I will wa I gotta watch that.


So I haven't seen that one in forever, but that was one of my Favorite. That was a great one. I'm still a slap shot. I'm a slap shot guy. Did. You guys are so funny. Did you guys Hanson brother Paul Newman. Yeah. Did you guys, did you guys like grow up skate on the outdoor rink ever? Like did you guys never, Never skate. So yeah, So we, Alaska is like a, it's like a myth to us. It Was like a wonder. Yeah. Wonder World. Yeah. But yeah, no, it's, that's a funny one. The everyone was calling Brady and I, you know, comparing us to the, the Ansen brothers in snapshots. They're Putting, they putting our faces on their bodies. I thought it was hilarious. I don't know if we were that crazy, but maybe we were a little Bit, dude, those dudes were bad shape.


Crazy man. So fucking Good man. The best is when the rough comes up to them during the anthem and basically saying, no antics tonight. They have plenty All screwed up already. Hilarious. Once again, we gotta ask is brought to you by Mintos Gum. Well, boys that does it for us, man. We got nothing for you guys. We got nothing else for you guys. I mean, man, can't thank you enough representing the USA representing the Good Brothers of America. Yep. Yep. In Sports Man Brotherhood. You guys, you guys make us, you know, it's, it was so fun watching you guys and still watching you guys, you know, chase after the cup this year, man. But it's so cool seeing, you know, the, the family dynamic before the, the championship of the Four Nations game with your dad and your mom and you two sitting down.


It just, it was so cool for me to relate knowing that I had something similar with Jason going into the Super Bowl, which was, you know, as close as we ever got on the field. So it was, it's just awesome you guys do it the right way. You can tell you guys' family is amazing and so happy for you guys. Man. Good luck chasing the cup this year and appreciate you guys coming on man. Thanks a lot boys. Yeah, thank you for thanks for having us. Appreciate It. Two beauties. Two beauties. Right here. Here baby. You guys are, you guys are beauties in the good way. Not bad way. Let's go. Perfect. We'll we'll see you guys this summer. All right. Alright. Sounds good. You know, man. Sounds Good.


Thanks to our sponsor Audible, Let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Trying To ditch those bad habits or start some good ones. Audible's got your back. Just pop open the app and boom, you'll find tons of titles that are right up your alley no matter what you're into. Like the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or Atomic Habits by James Clear. Ooh, nice. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, careers, finance, investing so much more. And there's so much opportunity to learn and even more to imagine when you listen. We'll start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at audible.com/new Heights.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Ooh. Like you know, to check your sunroof is closed before driving in the rain. Or like, you know, to check you've packed the sunscreen before going to the beach. Like, you know to check, you grabbed your wallet before heading out to the airport. Like, You know, you checked your daughter's birthday cake was picked up before the party starts. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for your quote. That could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company in affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois,


Friends and family. Anyone watching this Right now? You guys all know I can't stop drinking My favorite energy drink ACCELERATOR. Yeah, ACCELERATOR. It's absolutely delicious and I bring it with me everywhere I go. I literally bring at least two cases on every plane I go on. Well, Trav, I don't know where you have been bringing ACCELERATOR, but any place cool. Lately I've taken it everywhere that I've been Jason, but I do take it absolutely everywhere and I drink it at least once a day. I just don't feel like myself anymore without drinking it. That's how much of a part of my life it is Now, Many are saying that this is by far the best energy drink in the market. Speaking of market, you can go and get this can that I am sipping Right now at Hy-Vee Giant Eagle, HEB and QuickTrip Go stock up on the energy drink that uses 100% natural caffeine and accelerates your metabolism without the sugar crash.


What a pair of good brothers right there. Absolutely. Dude. I might actually put on a plaque. You know, just be a good teammate and work hard, Dude. Seriously. I mean what? That's what it's about. That's What all it's About. And that's what I love about hockey man. I love the mentality of those guys. Every Single one of 'em is so selfless, man. They represent a league and a sport that just has a great spirit to it. So couldn't be more proud of team USA even. You know, even though they didn't pull it out, they fought hard and that's all. I mean, listen, they worked hard and they represented the country well and they were great teammates. There we go, Man. I'm fucking with that. You already know, man. And I don't know why, man. I just wanna fucking have a fucking few more beers with my guy Matthew, man. Get Brady down there to Tahoe.


That shit would fucking be so cool. What's a good game with mini sticks? You remember how we used to play hockey where you would slap, slap shot the quarter into the can Dude. Yeah. We should just play that game with mini sticks. Mini sticks, get some mini sticks. That shit would get so Dangerous. And then get quarters and then you just slap the quarter at the can. If you hit the can, you gotta drink. Yeah, I think this is a, that's an awesome game. I'm with it. We can make it up. I don't give a shit. I got time. I'll tell you, there's something about the world of hockey that I just feel like it's a hidden gem. Man. We gotta get, we gotta get some more of the greats on here man. What if we get, oh dude Ky, we get the great one on here. Yeah. I mean obviously we'll take the best hockey player of all time. Yeah man.


Some absolute legends. That was one thing I was like, so always so jealous of you being in Philly Of what The flyers Dude, just having, being able to go and watch the flyers. Even going down to Xfinity the, the year we did and watching the game down there. That was so much fucking fun, man. I mean that was one of the few years unfortunately, that they made the playoffs. They, I mean, and I love Claude Drew and I was actually just talking with Scott Hartnel, who's back in the area about getting out on the ice. 'cause it's been a long time. I wanna start getting the girls out on the ice. But yeah, I am all in on interviewing hockey guys. Yeah. And Gretzky, he is hockey. He's a great one.


All right, perfect. Well, thank you to Matthew and Brady Ka Chuck. You guys are awesome. Best of luck the rest of the year. Should we bring a hockey team to Kansas City? Dude, What? Fuck yes. I've been fucking on that train for a while. I don't know if Kansas City loves it as much as I do. We got a, we got a minor league team. Dude, you Just have you and Pat Mahomes be a part of the team. I mean, pants already doing the, the women's soccer team. So you guys can just do a hockey team as well. Dude, people will show up. I we have a minor league hockey team. The Casey Mavericks? No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no. We need an NHL team. I hear you dude. I'm, what are we calling It? The Kansas City. What? What's a good, what's a good Kansas City? What? So what's the minor league team called?


Mavericks? The Mavericks, Yeah. It's not bad. It's pretty good. I I know a basketball team though that's got that Kansas City. What's some, what's a really specific Kansas City? I mean there's obviously barbecue, but there's gotta be something else. Like what is Kansas City? Kansas City cattle Dude. And you just got the Kansas City Bulls. Nah, dude. Kansas City beefs steer. Kansas City. Oh, steer I got the beef is dope. That's a great one. Kansas City beef. Kansas City beef. That's actually fucking great. Do you know, let me ask you this. What do you guys refer to when there's like a football slang for offensive linemen out in space?


Do you know what that's called? Like you see a big fat guy out there in space can't really run very well. It's like, oh man, that guy looks like a cow on ice. You've never heard that phrase? Never in my life. Have I ever heard that? Dude, that's maybe that's something specific to the o line room, But yeah, cows on ice is like on screens. You see a bunch of big guys out there, they can't really move around. Kind of look like they're sliding around a little bit. Cows on ice is what we call 'em. God damn. Now I want to see what a cow on ice looks like. Cows on ice. Dude, I'm not gonna lie. If you need a minority investor, I'll, I'll invest in the KC beef. That's actually fucking gold. You think Pat, just pat like hockey Pat's here for all, any, any competitive sport?


Yeah. Yeah. He is. He's here for it all. I don't know if he's ever been to a game, but he, he definitely got fired up for the Four Nations. That's for sure. I mean, who did? He was watching that one. Yeah. All Right,


now let's get some no dumb questions. No dumb questions is Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.


Now This is Taxes alright from Atlo tv? No, no question from down under here. Does Jkelley think that this BA mascot for an insurance company has any resemblance to him? This is a very important matter. We would love to see Trav Trev get some love. Trav gets some love. Yeah, I think that thing looks just like me. I mean, You're not much of a Chucks guy, But yeah, you that mean that's, it's true. That's pretty spot on to you. Same kind of like little, like little button nose and the, the, where it really makes sense of the eyebrows. Look at the eyebrows. Yeah, the eyebrows are everything. That's a dead giveaway. This thing fucking is The eyebrows and the wrinkles on the forehead are a day giveaway. They, they saw you and saw marketing.


I'm telling you, there's something about me that people like to take my likeness with. Mask gritty. I, I will take this to my grave. Gritty was started the year after the parade. That thing looks fucking just like me. If you ever to sify Jason Kelsey, you Make great. Who the fuck is gritty? It's the, it's the flyers mascot. And now this thing, look at the hair. That's Ed Kelsey hair right there. Yeah. And that's stomach. That's Jason Kelsey. Kel Hair's your stomach looks like too. I know this is, I mean, as of Right now, true. Bo Bo Allen and I are thinking about doing a little fitness challenge. Little ozempic. Well, I might do that. Tell me that thing is not my likeness. Shut the fuck up, Dude. They stole it. Look at those eyebrows.


It looks nothing like you, dude. You mean to tell me after the parade, the flyers come out. Just so happen to come out with a mascot that looks like that. Ed looks nothing like you. Your beard isn't like that. Your eyebrows are aggressive, but they're not. That They'll never admit it. This thing is j they they fucking modeled this thing after me. Shit. Ridiculous. Shut off to Trev though. Trev b hopefully his insurance company's fucking killing it. All right, next up. Question from at j Dubs 83 97. Answer this question. When making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, do you put them on separate pieces or spread them together? I am not a psychopath.


I put the jelly on one side and the peanut butter on the other side and then put them together. Nobody in their right fucking mind spreads peanut butter and jelly on one slice and then puts a, that's just not how real it's done. Is that real? Nobody fucking does that. Is That real? Nobody does that. There's no way anybody does that. Why would you put the, the jelly on the peanut? Do you put, so do you put the peanut butter on the jelly? You'd have to go jelly on peanut butter, right? No, you, yeah, you'd have to go, you have to do a layer of peanut butter than the jelly. I just don't know why you, If you were to do that, but that doesn't make sense. Yeah. Why would sense you don't, I don't understand. You wouldn't get a smooth, like easy spread. It would be, it would be making your job harder.


It feels like there's more control and it's easier to, to determine how much is going on if it's done on different pieces of bread. Yeah. There's something that sounds really off about putting the peanut butter and the jelly on the same side. I mean, I guess that's kind, that's how I build a sandwich. Like if I'm building like ma like ham, lettuce, tomato, cheese, like all of that would be piled on top of the same thing. But then I put the mayonnaise on the bread on the apple. But you have to spread. Yeah, you have to. Whatever. You have to spread. It has to go on like a, a, a hard, a piece of bread even surface. Yeah, I think that's right. Yeah. 'cause it's just easier to spread it. You're not like contaminating the layers.


Yeah, you're not fucking up your masterpiece. I hate a sloppy sandwich man. Yeah. I like, I I like my shit nice and fucking perfect. I, I Don't know. I like a, a sloppy nice little sloppy cheese stick. You get cheese all over your face. God, that's good. You like that shit Wi whiz. I like it with American, but I will eat it with whiz. It's actually not bad If you try it. Nacho cheese and bread is ridiculous. I'm not a big whiz cheese whiz person, but wiz on a cheese steak isn't bad. I've, I've to had it before. Definitely prefer American do this. Another thing I wanna figure out how to make the best burger. There's something about cheeseburgers that I just love. Come on over. I'll teach you. I want Andy to teach me who I want to teach me.


I want Andy Reed to show me the sp he's gotta know the best cheeseburger he's ever had. Yeah, I'm with you. Any type of spread goes right on top of the bread. On the on bread only. Yeah. Yeah. Anytime you gotta spread something, you put it on the bread. Yeah. I think if you're gonna spread, put it on the bread. There we go. It's a simple rule and easy to follow. And that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. You want to get into a little bit of the new Heights off season? Tell the 92 Percenters what we got coming up or like maybe some of the things that we have in store or thinking about doing. Do we have anything in store? No, we don't. So let's just, let's create it right here. Just Speak things into existence.


What would be fun is going up to Green Bay. Going up to Green Bay for the draft. Maybe. That'd be fun. That might be a good time. Get a few of the draftees maybe that are, see who's, see who's up there. I'm sure there'll be a few familiar faces from the, the legendary Green Bay Packers that we could find, find a way to get ahold of. I'll be in on That. Outside of that, I mean we said the great one. It would be Reta. Get the great one on here. Yep. Maybe even. How about all The great ones? I mean, Jordan, I mean dude. Oh, Tom Brady maybe. Gosh, it'd be fun to talk to Tom. Yes, I will talk to all these people. Yeah. Talk to No, I on that. Talk to Tom about how he dealt with not winning Super Bowls.


Fuck. Multiple Super Bowls. Yeah. We also get some more brothers. We've talked about the, the Wat brothers before. I still think we need to get on on the ice with the Wat brothers. Especially after talking to the CHUs. We need to get this on the ice with JJ and TJ and then do a podcast on the ice. Yeah, I'm with that. That'd be electric. I think they'd be in too. I know, I know tj. I know JJ would be in. Yeah, he's been Skating a bunch. Yeah, no, we need to, we need to kind of get, get our bearings before we go out there. We can't go out there looking like a bunch of fucking jam oaks. What? What about some golf stuff? We did Tahoe last year. We both like golf. If you get Ty, Ty, I mean Tiger's obviously the funnest name that we could think of. Give my, give my guy Bryson.


Give my guy old Brooksie Keka. There we go. There we go. I know you and John Rob are close ever since you destroyed his rangefinder, Rob. Fuck, I I I don't even want to, I love John. John. John's a great guy. I just, I can't look him in the eyes. I feel like ashamed every time I look. Hey John, you didn't tell anybody about that, did you? Here's the events that I wanna do with you. I wanna do draft would be great to do with you if, If you, if we're up for it. I wanna do the Derby with Travis Kelce this year. Now that you are officially a horse owner, I wanna do the Derby with Travis Ey. Come on, I'll show you the reigns. All right, perfect. Perfect. No pun intended. You know, I, yeah, I learned from the best.


The Zins. The Zins are the best. What other events? Stanley Cup. I mean, I'm, I'm in on doing the cup, the, you know, the Larry O'Brien trophy. We can go to N-B-A-N-H-L. We can do all this. We can do all this. Well then what are we, so let's just, are we just gonna do every event? We can't do every, everybody always tells me I'm overexposed. I can't do everything. Well, what else are you doing Right now? I'm kind of like leaving it wide open. 'cause everybody keeps telling me to go away, so I'm just going away for a little bit. Yeah. This, I feel the same way. No, we, we will not go away and we will continue to do this. We will force you to like us. How about this, what about obscure sports? Because you and I both love obscure things.


Alright. What, what's obscure though where you want to go hit the, the Horseshoe Championship in Topeka, Kansas? I've been there, done that. That's A good time. I, I would first of all, yes, I do want to do that. Second of all, we've talked about curling. I ran into Jared Allen down in, in New Orleans after he just got inducted into the Hall of Fame. Nice. He has a curling establishment in Nashville. That'd be fun to go visit. I'd fuck around with that. Try your hand curling then maybe talk to one of the best defensive ends of all time. I'm down to do some interactive stuff like going, going cornhole, Hobby horsing. We gotta comment. A hobby horsing tournament. I'm not doing that. Travis. That's where Travis. That's Travis. Travis. That's where I draw the line. Come on Trev.


That's where I draw the line. I'm not gonna sit here and make fun of kids Jason. Well How else do you comment? Hobby horse singing. How about this Darts Tournament 180. Come on now. I am so down. I'm so down. You wanna go catch some, some soccer or some international football? Some of the old, Yeah, I'll go. I'll go watch some soccer Seats. Catch a Premier game or like Rex him or Burnley. Check out. Check out JJ Watts. It's from everything I've seen and heard on Rex them I am in Burnley. I'm in, I'm in on all this. Yes. The key is finding the time.


Sounds like we're in on everything. 92 Percenters. Why don't you guys Help us narrow this down? What do you think would we, would be good at? Yeah, we want to, we wanna do, do stuff for you guys and what interests you guys over the summer. So out of everything we said or even some stuff that we haven't, haven't mentioned yet that you think would be a fun for, for us to go and see or check out or give the inside scoop for you guys, just let us know. Please send us ideas. Alright, That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, new Heights of Wondery show produced by Waves, sports and entertainment, and brought to you by Schwab. No Nonsense Self Care for Men. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week guys, and thanks to our production and crew always. And thank you to the 92 Percenters for tuning in. We'll see you guys next week. Fun episode again. Do you listen to sad music when you're depressed or do you listen to Happy Music? Jason? The only way you can find yourself in the light is to find yourself in the dark first.


Right? I listen to music that is very telling of my mood. Yes. I go to like sad country songs. Yeah, I just listen to Taylor's music. She has something for everything. That's fair. That's a good point. Taylor, you no matter what mood, you can find some Taylor music. Yeah. And how the Eagles broke my heart. Yeah. No Matter how bad I'm feeling, there's a country guy that's singing about it and feeling way worse than me. And that gives me joy a lot of the times. Way to bring it full circle. All right. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts.


You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad, but when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus.