
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Okay, check this Deli boys on Hulu. Two brothers, Raj and Mir are living the high life, not a care in the world. When they're old man dies, it all vanishes. Poof. And they find out he didn't just own a deli but was a drug kingpin. And they're like, what? The throw in their ruthless ant. Some guys who just want to kill them, God knows why. And keeping dad's drug business going, sounds amazing, right? Deli Boys is now streaming on Hulu.


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable, but Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand Hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH Power Technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Arm and Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and orders. Put Armand Hammer. Deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer, deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


I'm going over to his house in the mornings and I'm like, he's teaching me the offense on his whiteboard in his house going crazy. And I'm like trying to write all this shit down. I'm like, oh my God, I'm never gonna remember any of this. You know, I just got off a bender in Mexico, but fuck this. He was on vacation. I remember he is got like my film up on his phone. He's like, do you remember this play? I'm like, yeah. Like I'm trying to have a margarita and some chips, bro. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen, boys and Girls. Hey. Of all ages. Yeah. 92 Percenters, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. New Heights is brought to you by Nike.


Yeah, one of my all time favorites. Shout out to Nike when the world says you can't win. Nike says So. Win. Yeah, we're your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is Jason Kelsey, my big brother outta Cleveland Heights. Oh, Ohio, Northeast Ohio till I die. Baby East Side. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus wherever you get your podcasts. And follow the social media channel at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We've got an incredible episode coming up for you guys. New first, we're gonna tell you how you can win an official new Heights Golden Cup that I was supposed to bring to this episode that I did not. Sorry, it's not here Right now, but, well, Jason, you have the Baby is back.


We're gonna start doing fan contests starting today. We're gonna reveal our first fan contest of the off season. Well, you'll have an opportunity to win a new Heights Gold Cup. That's an exciting shoot. That's Pretty exciting. Alright, excited. We're, we're also going to be answering some not dumb questions and we have an incredible conversation coming up with a friend of ours and a current still La Ram, Mr. Matthew Stafford, Texas Gun Slaner. But First we're gonna a little bit to that. New news. New News. Alright.


New news is brought to you by Audible. Oh yeah, yeah. Baby Audible. I want to hear what you're talking about, man. That should be their, their slogans from here on. Did you just come up with audible's new slogan, like catchphrase or They want to use it? They're gonna have to pay me a lot of money If you want to hear what they're talking about. If you wanna hear what I'm talking about. And that's the way every audible book should just start. Like James, clear Atomic Habits If you want. Hear what they're talking about.


March Madden is Bracket Challenge 92 Percenters. Were pumped. Yeah. Fucking jacked up. I mean, who's Not first? It's March Best Fan Contest of the Year. And a Gold Cup Is On the line. Is on the line. That's right. If you remember, we had a Bracket challenge last year that decided the best team name the winner was the Vikings. Yep. That's still up debate. I don't know. Don't, Yeah, well listen, it's not a debate. It's the one that won. It's a debate whether that was Accurate. Well won. And this year we're going full March Madness.


That is right. We are the first ever New Heights Tournament challenge with Reese's Peanut butter cups. Wait, time out. How does Reese's factor into this? This is, oh, Okay. I didn't know if we were giving them the cup with Reese's inside of it as the charge. Good idea. That's an idea. That's A great idea. It's like two trophies. Great idea. Are they lava Big cups or just regular cups? Ooh, Whatever they Send us. Or Reese's Peanut butter puffs. What if it's just a conglomerate of Reese's Peanut butter Puffs? Reese's regular peanut butter cups, Reese's Big Lava Cups, Reese's PCs. I actually just got a protein, I mean, from a C cell that's Reese's flavored.


I was out when you said conglomerate. We will post links to where you can make your picks and enter this bracket challenge. You'll play against us, me and Jason at New and the new And everybody else that submits a bracket, but yes. Yeah, we'll be in it too. Yeah. Jason doesn't even know what a basketball is made of. It's made of leather. Oh, and air. That's What he thought. All the, all the college balls are made of some sort of composite now, Jason. Yeah, it's probably not actually you're fucking idiot. Do I I don't, yeah. I have not watched one ounce of college basketball this year. Not even a lick, Which is why I feel extremely confident. I hon in, in a a lot of You.


What I'm gonna do, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go to Audible and I'm gonna look up the books on how to master March Madness. And I'm gonna read up on them and you're gonna be doing Well. You don't read on Audible, Huh? Well, I'm gonna listen up on 'em, okay? And, and then I'm gonna come in with a wealth of knowledge on how to pick Marge Madness teams. And I'm gonna kick your ass. No way, Jose. I'm an audible. James Wooden. Can you name one team in the top 25 Duke Lucky? Guess It was, Can you name one player in NCAA basketball?


Holy fuck. One player, Jason, Jesus Christ. I don't think I can, I don't Think Jesus is in the W ncaa. No, no. He's everywhere, Travis. So they say so they say, Yeah, I don't think I can, He doesn't even know who we gave NIL money to at the University of Cincinnati. I Don't, I'm not gonna lie. I don't know one name. Dizzle James. Shout out to Dizzle James. Dizzle James. Yeah. He's still there. He's still there. Yeah. He is Rock. He's our only home. We gotta make a run in the big 12 turn from what I think rules are simple. Sign up using the link in the episode's description entry with the highest score wins.


We will do our best to limit it to one entry per person. All right? So please don't enter multiple times, even though that is going to get you the best chance to win. Yeah, there will be a bracket for both men's. We're on the Honor cup People, and there will be, there will be a bracket for both the men's and women's tournaments. So we'll be handing out two golden cups. We're Handing out two Golden Cups questions. Have either of you watched any college basketball games this year? We answered that. Do you guys usually fill out brackets ever? I will say this. I used to, mom used to get Cavs tickets if she won the, the bracket. The bracket at work. So you'd fill it out for her? And I used to fill it out for her and that was how I got free Cavs tickets. That's not how you got free cal tickets from Fairfax Elementary School.


Go ahead, tell him. Go ahead. Tell him what happened. You're still thinking about it. I'm not 30 years later, Jason. I'm Just regurgitating a fact. I'm not thinking about it. You brought up a FAA false Fact. I won my fight. You didn't, you got suspended and I got cast tickets. What do you Mean you won your I won my fight. Whatcha talking about I did not lose my fight? I think that's why you didn't get the cast tickets. No, I didn't get Cal tickets 'cause I got suspended for beating the shit out of a kid. Okay, so why did I get cast Tickets? Because you schmoozed the principle. What If you think that's how I got cast Tickets? Yes. Yes. The principal loved you. Mrs. Did not Like me. I'm pretty sure Mrs. Mcbe de despised our entire household.


No, I think she liked not really sure. That's it for new news. Brought to you by Audible. All righty. Gonna hear what I'm telling about. Wow. Jason? Yep. I'll tee you up. Wanna do the honors? Alrightyy? Our guest today is from Highland Park High School in Dallas, Texas. He was no more pick in the 2009 draft, a two time Pro Bowl Super Bowl champion and still the quarterback of the Los Angeles Rams. Please welcome Mr. Matthew Stafford. Thank you very much. Thank you for having me. That's a hell of an intro. I need you in game. Yeah. Need you in game for I'll, I'll come do that anytime.


How you doing, Brother? I'm on the mic at Ram's house, baby. I'm good, man. I'm, I say you're doing pretty good. You finally got yes. The elephant out of the room of the off season, I guess, right? Yes. Yeah, That was a little nerve wracking there for a little bit. Just trying to figure out what was gonna go down. But happy to be back wearing, you know, Ram's colors. Playing the SoFi, doing the thing. Hell Yeah. Hell yeah, man. We knew you had like a ridiculous amount of success in Detroit, but it kind of feels like LA is like where you really, I don't know. I want it, it feels like it's where you kind of made it home, at least on the football field, man, I don't Know. Yeah, for sure. I've been, I've been lucky to be playing here with coach, you know, McVeigh and all my teammates and all those guys for, you know, a few years now. And we love it here.


My family loves it here. I love playing here. The brand of football fits my style. Oh yeah. I love, I love going to work and, and playing in front of the fans. It's, it's a blast. It has been a really cool thing, obviously coming from Detroit. Very different place than Los Angeles. Love both of 'em many ways. Yeah. But this has been a cool change up and, and my family's settled in. Great. And we love it here. Love it, man. You said your brand of football, but do you have a brand? Could you fit into any offense? We Were just talking about running midline back in the Football. I remember Coaching points, you know, so How drastically different was it coming to LA and being with Sean and this offense versus what you were doing in Detroit? And did you have multiple different offenses in Detroit?


Yeah, yeah, I had a few. I felt like you were always airing it out, But Yeah, we, yeah, I definitely, I've experienced a lot. You know, this is, this past season was 16, this will be 17 coming up. So I've had a few offensive coordinators. I've done like the Peyton Manning, you know, no huddle at the line of scrimmage thing. We did that with Jim Bob. Yep. Yeah, he was in Detroit for a while. Scott Lenihan was my first coordinator when I first came to the league in oh nine to, for like five years. I mean, that's seems so far back. Like defense offense, all of it was so different at that point. But yeah, I've had a few, I feel like, I feel like any player, any competitive player should be like, yeah, put me in any system and I'll thrive. I don't care. I'll you call the players and, and I'll haul 'em. But it has been fun with Sean, you know, the way he challenges all of us, not only like physically on the field, but mentally in the approach to the game and all the things that he asked me to do at the line of scrimmage or pre-snap, whatever it is.


It's a lot. But I Think it makes us successful and it's, it's fun, you know, getting that challenge from your coach. Sure. You know, being like, Hey, I think you can handle all this. And he gives me all that and it ends up being successful. That's a lot of fun. Thank you. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, it's fun to watch. Yeah, I appreciate it. We've talked about this before, but that, like McVeigh offense, Shanahan offense, the run play action is so dynamic on first, second down, but what was obviously great the moment you got there, win the Super Bowl was taking this guy who could do drop back passing at a high level and function and that type of setting combined with that, it felt like just like the perfect marriage. Yeah. Did the offense change around you when you got there as well? Almost just as much as you had to learn the new stuff? Yeah, a hundred percent.


That's a very good, you know, way of kind of describing what, you know, what transpired and what happened. For sure. I got there and I remember we were, Sean and I were maybe, you know, a couple weeks into me being out in LA and he's like, Hey, you, me, Kelly and, and Veronica let's go. You know, let's go drink some wine up in, you know, like Santa Barbara area. I'm like, all right, cool. We're going on a little wine trip, go for a day right Away. Different than Detroit. Correct. Let's Yes. Yes. One badass beer with kid rock or something like that at one point. Sure. But no, it's, It's tons of fun to happen in Detroit too. You're not good. Yeah. Yeah. So we're cruising up there, we're like 30 minutes into our ride up there and my guy pulls out a piece of paper and he's like, all right, so here's the drop X up in the Hour.


Okay, I got it. I Haven't even had any red wine yet. And we're just, we're already into this. I love this shit. I Like, here's this package I'm thinking about. We'll go no huddle, jump the ball and we'll do, and sure enough, that's what we did a bunch, especially in 2021 and launched it all over the field and had a bunch of success. But when I got, you know, here, he was like, man, you know, drop back pass has been something that, you know, we've always wanted to try and elevate, you know, just as that core system. Yes. And I was like, well, that's kind of all I did in Detroit. Yeah. You know, like we didn't really legitimately run the ball or play action it very often. Like You have Like, I'm in the gun and here we go, go, we Go maybe 50 temps. Like Yeah. So it was like, oh, that's, that's the easy part for me. You know, I like, I've done this my whole career. So it was kind of a, it was a good marriage and it's, it's worked out well.


Let's talk about the decision to stay in LA. Okay. There were a lot of rumors out there, you know, getting wooed from New York, Raiders, LA contract stuff. Yeah. What was ultimately the deciding factor to come back and resign with la? Yeah, I Mean, I Think it was kind of a joint process, right? Like it wasn't just, I wasn't a free agent, You know, I still had two years left on my deal and, and you know, we kind of worked something out last year, kind of the old, you know, at the 11th hour to kind of figure it out right before training camp with the understanding that, okay, we're gonna come back and readdress this if I wanna play again the next year. Sure. You know, had a nice season and, and wanted, you know, felt healthy, wanted to keep going and, you know, so it was like, all right, let's figure out how to get this done. Obviously there was some trade rumors and some things like that that, you know, transpired that was, you know, a little bit tough on your family just 'cause you don't really know what's gonna be next.


Sure. I remember when I was getting traded from Detroit to LA really a couple weeks before that, You know, I had made it known that I wanted to be traded from Detroit. And I can't tell you how much time I spent on Zillow at that point, looking at houses in Indy and there and all these man places back then, right? So you're just like, and I'm sitting there going, man, where am I gonna be? Where are my kids gonna school? All this kind of stuff. And you know, a little bit of a similar situation just because you know, what was out there and what was going on. But I think in the end I know that they wanted me back. I wanted to be back. We just had to kind of figure that out and get to that point. We did. And I'm, I'm sure as hell happy that, You know, I'm gonna be here for at least another year. Year and hopefully some after that. Love it. Love it. Hell yeah. I remember coming out of the draft, I was, I had a, what do you call it?


Where they fly you in to Top 30 visit or Top 30 visit. I had a top 30 visit to Washington. Yeah. And at the time had no idea what would eventually transpire to be like four out of the, the four head coaches just sitting in like the player Oh yeah. Like positions. Yeah. At the time. And McVay was one of 'em, and he was the tight end coach. So I spent most of my time talking, talking to McVay about ball. And I just remember him talking so fucking fast. It hasn't changed. And He's just rambling and he's just ripping 'em and ripping 'em. And I'm just like, dude, I don't know how you got me jacked up this jacked up about playing football Right now. Yes. But you're the only one to do it. Yeah. It was like, it was him and like, ironically Dan Campbell were the two that I was like, man, these dudes love this shit.


Yes. And like during installs, throughout the building, like is he just nonstop a hundred miles per hour and just all about ball? Yes. All day, every day. The guy loves it. I mean, shoot, like I said, we're going on a wine trip and the guy's ripping off plays so funny, man. He just can't stop and, and, and loves it. But it is, it is cool to watch him do his thing. He's so, like you said, he is great one-on-one. Right. He's great. Teaching me the offense. I remember when I first, you know, got traded here, I was actually a long story, but I was in Mexico, randomly ran into him, whatever it happened, You know, I fly back and I'm, I'm going over to his house in the mornings and I'm like, he's teaching me the offense on his whiteboard in his house going crazy.


And I'm like trying to write all this shit down. I'm like, oh my God, I'm never gonna remember any of this. You know, I just got off a bender in Mexico, but Dude, the old Shay Baby Yeah, exactly. Gets every time. So I, But yeah, he's like that one-on-one. He's all day every day loves football, but then he gets up in front of the room and he can relate to everybody. He commands the room, he is, got great energy, sets a tone for the week every single week. And, and guys, you know, thrive on it. So it's, it's a lot of fun going to work, you know, in that building, especially when we're winning. Oh yeah. And he is in a good mood and, and rocking and rolling. It's, it's a lot of fun. Yeah. Fuck Yeah, man. I was about to, I don't even know if I wanna put, but the only time I've literally met Sean, we were, Kyle and I were in Maui on vacation. Yeah. And him and Veronica walked through and he makes a point to come over and same thing.


Yes. Immediately talking football. Yes. And like, Hey, we, we'll meet up. And I'm like, VAR, I could just see the look of Veronica's face. Like she is, this happens all day, all the time, every day for her. I like, she's like, alright, we're on vacation in Maui and this fucking idiot still wants to talk about Football. A hundred percent. She probably saw me walk into the pool in Mexico and was like, fuck this. He was on vacation. He's Got, and she's got, I remember he's got like my film up on his phone. He's like, do you remember this time? I like, yeah. Like, I'm trying to have a margarita and Some chips, bro. Dude, so good. He's just gotta know, man. He, he, he Just gotta know. He just, he to be, I just, I enjoy talking ball with him. Yeah. Oh yeah. He, he ropes you in, Man. A hundred Percent.


He ropes you in. He just wants to, he just wants to get better, man. I fucking love that. No doubt. Well, you guys got, you guys got a lot of talent around you over there. Yep. I'm sure that had a lot to do with you wanting to come back. I mean, so it feels like a great situation over there. Obviously the Cooper Cup, like decision of whether he is gonna be back, things like that. One of the best receivers in the league still. Yeah. Obviously dealt with some stuff last year, but is it like, and we don't have to talk about this If you don't want to. Have you talked to him? Well, Yeah, I mean, like, I was, You know, I ran into him right. Kind of when they told him the news that they were, you know, talking about trading him and, and you know, obviously that one is tough.


It's, you're, you're around this game long enough, those kind of things happen. Yeah. You know, and, and it's, it's tough, especially for a guy that's meant so much to me in my career and, and how he helped me kind of, you know, get in with, with the Rams and, and you know, just in that locker room and, and what it's all about to be a part of that team. He was such a huge part of that for me. So it's tough. And I've spent probably more time with him as a teammate than really any other teammate, you know, in my career. Yeah. And that just kind of happened organically. You know, I would go in there early and, you know, sure enough, Cooper would be in there or he'd walk in, you know, as I'm walking in and, and we start watching tape together and, and then it just turned into a thing that we just did every day.


And so I've spent a ton of time with him. He's meant a ton to me, you know, as a, as a player. But even more probably as a person. You talk to guys including Sean, guys around that team that have been with him for extended periods of time. And he's a fantastic player. He means a ton to our team, but just as a human being, as a person, he's as good as it gets. So Yeah. Whether he is with us, which I, You know, I, I love, I love Cooper and, and would love opportunity to continue to play with him, but, or if he's somewhere else, I mean, whoever gets him, it's gonna be, you know, he's, he's a fantastic person for the locker room for the team. And shoot, you know, when he is healthy, he's still balling. Hell Yeah, man. I still remember that goddamn interview where he just started ripping off defensive shit coverages and stuff.


That dude, the time, dude, that shit was so, but it was like, it was like, I mean, that dude's, the mind is going, man. So the story about he's dialed in, dude, the Story, I mean, he's like the nicest guy in the world, right? Yeah. And so the story behind that is he's like doing this interview post game, which he doesn't, you know, love being in front of the camera anyways. And he's, he's doing an interview and the reporter asks him a question, he answers it, she asks him another question, he answers it. It's like a third question. He is like, okay, what is going on here? And this, you know, he is like, I'm trying to get off the field, getting in the locker room and go she him. One more question. And so he is like, you know what, I'm just gonna go top rope way over your head so that you're just gonna go, okay, thanks Scoop. Yeah. Brilliant. Very smart. Just like the, I mean, we saw the zone pressure. I knew it was, the mic was working away 'cause we got three out Matthew chain of protection kitchen.


Now I'm like, you, you went, just went like rogue football on this, On this Reporter. And she was just like, eh, that's Cooper Cups. You, he was like, Hey God, I go take a shower and get outta here. But it was pretty, pretty, pretty veteran move by Coop to get Outta that. You were saying he walks this film with you guys. Is he, I mean, is he, that, that like in tune with like protection calls and stuff like that? Or was he was just trying to get outta that interview? Yeah, no, he's, He's pretty dialed in. Like, he, he asked me really good questions. Nice. You know, just from a quarterback perspective. I mean, he knows as much or more than any other teammate I've ever, you know, had, you know, this guy will we'll be watching practice or something and, and he's like, Hey, run that playback. And I'm like, and it's some run play and he's like, we really could, you know, knock it back, tag it back one here with these angles in single high and I could just block the mic instead of having to go out to the nickel in this two by two set.


And I'm like, yeah, I mean, If you wanted to change, go ahead, go for it. He's grinding on every like, run, play every single thing he's, he's meticulous about and, and shoot, it's, you know, part of what makes him great. I gotta love it. You gotta tell me the difference though of a guy like him than a guy like DeMarcus Robinson. Oh yeah. Baby Dro D one, my favorite teammates of all time, Man, he's so great. D Rob is the man I love Dro. He's been great for our team. I think he's got some crazy streak where he is been on, like, he's played for nine years, played for a few different teams and he's made the playoffs every single year. Dude, it's ridiculous. So just like, he's a good luck charm. Yeah. You know, you just gotta bring him back. But he's a no, he's a great player, you know.


Okay. To not know to, you know, tag it back one, one single high. He's okay with not knowing that just, And it's good baby when on, but like Instinct wise, got great instincts, great instincts, man. Like you can just tell him out there and be like, Hey, we're gonna run wide zone at you. And he'd probably end up on the right guy. He's a ball player, you know, he just gets it so much fun to play with. Even Pooka, man. What? Yeah. You guys got so much talent out there. P'S a monster man. He's for a young guy come in and, you know, done what he's been able to do the last couple years is, is pretty outstanding. Obviously had a great guy to learn from with, with coop as far as, you know, kind where to be in that offense. Yeah. And then, you know, once the ball's in his hand, that's, you know, some of the best stuff he does is just run 'em physical and, and playing physical.


It's, it's pretty cool to see. Heck. Yeah. Do you think the receivers in that offense need to be a little bit more dialed in with all the motions and like how responsible they are in the run game? Yeah. You won't play If you, if you're not right. Yeah. You know what I mean? And that's kind of the way it is. And, and you know, a lot of two by two sets were the F and the X. Were co and old Dro are out there together. So we go Who you got? Yes. Yes. There were two Peas in a PO out there. Two By two sets I love. And and so Lion And your teammates, Not least I met those combos. Convos with D Rob man, not illegal to communicate out There when they sign Brandon Brooks. The thing is, you get me and Dro on the same side, we're over there like Yeah. Oh God.


We'll both just get somebody like, Yeah, we used to, I think they, when they sign Brandon Brooks, they're like, part of your job is telling Lane Johnson, you know what the call is. Hundred Percent. Let's make sure we're bouncing this call out. Echo the call. We gotta echo the call a hundred percent. That's part of it, man. It's, he's Gonna block TJ one on one. Yes. You're gonna let him know what the call Is. Yes. That's the beauty of The game though, right? For sure. I mean, like for sure I give and take from everybody and, and no doubt it, it happens. It's fun to watch. Let's talk about the Super Bowl season. Yeah. Talk about it a little bit. You went there in the first year. What, I mean, when you signed in LA did you anticipate that happening that quickly? I mean, I mean, probably not, right? I mean, Any guy that just says, yeah, I'll just show up there and we'll win the Super Bowl.


I mean Obviously no, it was, You know, I was excited about the opportunity. I didn't Think it was gonna happen there just because I didn't, I think I was going there just 'cause of, you know, the, you know, contract stuff they had just done with Jared and all that. So, sure. You know, but I ended up there and yeah, I mean I knew he had a talented team, but I just knew that I, I felt a ton of pressure because I think they returned 10 guys on offense. Yeah. Except for me. Yeah. And maybe all 11 guys on defense. And I'm like, there's a lot, I'm Not gonna be the asshole that doesn't know what's going on. You know what I mean? So it was like a lot of pressure, especially at my position. I'm supposed to know Yeah. Everybody's job in and out. So spent a lot of time and a lot of hours just kind of making sure that when I stepped into the huddle day one, they weren't like this guy.


You know what I mean? Yeah. So it was like, all right, not only physically could I do what I could do, but I wanna make sure that mentally they were like, oh, okay, this guy's on it. And so spent a bunch of time and I knew we were talented. I didn't know how talented, but you guys have been on those teams. It's like, you know, the week one starters we had compared to, you know, what we were doing the end we finished. It's, it's totally different. And so being able to navigate that whole thing was, was incredible. It was an incredible year. You know, we had so many talented guys, you know, especially late after we signed Del, we signed Vaughn. I, I mean it was like, yeah. Going out to practice was like, it was a super team. I mean, this was just unbelievable practices we had against each other. Swag champs, man, you get two swag champs like that. It was wild. It Was wild. Especially in LA man.


Yeah. They were, they were fun teammates to have. And I still talk to those guys, but, oh cool. It was, it was a special, special moment. I mean, it just a lot of years, you know, in Detroit not knowing if that was ever gonna be an opportunity to get 'em play in those games and you know, going through the playoffs and, and you know, winning those games to get to that point was special. And then getting to do it at our home stadium was, was crazy. And a lot of people focus on your time in LA just 'cause I think the success has been there as a team. You balled the fuck out in Detroit. Oh, every year. Every year. Yeah. Every year. That's some fun. Calvin Johnson, I mean, yeah. What the fuck was a life throwing to Calvin Johnson? Dude, he was a monster Dude. Megatron man. Yeah. Just a creative player. He didn't say much, you know, and I wish I was, I wish I would've got obviously more time with him.


Anytime you got a great player like that, you're like, man, I wish I had more time to play with that guy. But I just think about like, plug and play him in the system we're in Right now. And I'm like, oh my God, Boy Would've been scary. That's a guy you can plug into any system. No doubt. No doubt. I mean, the guy was playing at Georgia Tech. Yes, exactly. He was literally playing. Wow. Yeah. Put him out there. Yeah. And you can figure it out. But he is, he is an incredible player. I've been lucky to play with a bunch of talented receivers, all kind of different styles and body types and all that kind of stuff. But he is, I mean, it was crazy. Yeah. Throwing balls to him was like, it feels like you're throwing to a D end. I mean, like, that's what he looked like out There. It was crazy. Enormous. I mean, you have two, so Cooper in what year was that? 20, 21 For coupe 21. Yeah.


And then Calvin and 12, 12, I mean two of the top five receiving Yeah. Seasons. Seasons of anybody in the history of the game. Yeah. And they have you as a person throwing, what does that mean? Like, do you remind them that you're the person? I just send a yearly text. You're welcome. No, but No, it's, No, it's cool. It is. It's something that, You know, I, I feel like lucky to be a part of. Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm sure it was incredible watching both those guys do it in completely different ways. Yeah. You know, Cooper like majority from the slot, just unbelievable finding his way through Catch and run guy and then Calvin just line him up on the outside and let him go to work on people.


It was, it was cool to be a part of both. I definitely am proud of it and Yeah. And that, you know, we got that done. It's a special, special thing I guess, you know, I guess I can get that number one guy the ball a lot if there, if he's getting open, you know, so Go. Yeah. Schwartz used to tell me that you guys would run a goal line play where Calvin will be singled up. Yeah. Four to the other side. And we used to run call, call it Diamond. Yeah. Whereas it's like quarterback draw if it's a light box. Yeah. Calvin, if he's got the one-on-one, we're taking it. And If you got numbers there, you got the screen. Yeah. And he's like, there you could not be. Right. Yeah. Like it was like a cheat code. It was, and then like, we would get to the point where I, I would, it was hard down there in the goal line to seed leverage. Sure.


You know, for me, like, what was the guy playing inside ear, outside you, whatever. So I got to a point where like Calvin and I would just have, he would just signal to me Sure. Whether he wanted the fade or the glance kind of. Yeah. And he would just go open hand, closed hand on the inside hand. He just closed hand was, I'm running the fade. Sneaky son Of a bitch open hand. He'd Be biggest dude on the field. Yeah. Sneaky Though. Just one hand open. I'm like, Ooh, here comes this one right here. So, But yeah, I mean, it was crazy. And then we went and played the saints and they ended up vising him, you know, down like pun pro. Yeah. Punter. Yeah. And then the next year, I'll never forget, we're playing at Arizona and like the first third down of the game, he's in the slot and we're running like 5 25 F post swing. Like, nah know, you know? And, and he's, he's vice on third down, third Down, third Down from like our like minus 20, you know, like opening possession the game.


We're not letting him ruin the game. I Like, geez guys, relax. I mean, listen. That's what we, we treated Aaron, Donna, we viced him all game so I can, yeah, I get it. I can completely relate. And I, and I threw it to like pedigree and, and we didn't get the first down or something. And I come back and I'm like, how was it? He's like, I still got open. And I'm like, fuck This guy. Of course he could get open, You know? I mean Of course, Of course. Of course. It killed me, Man. We're gonna cancel him out since there's two guys vising him Still one. I'm like, God, he was crazy.


March Madness is coming up. That's right. I don't know If you know it, but March is here. It's gonna be wild. Everyone always locks in on the men's tournament, but the women's bracket is shaping up to Be unreal. Yeah. Have you seen Juju Watkins? Come on now. What she's doing over at USC. Absolutely. Electric. Electric. We got to meet her out in France last year. Actually. If you're not already on the Juju team, now's your chance to say you were there early. That's right. The level Of talent she brings to the women's game is generational. I'm telling you. Do not sleep on the women's tournament. Yeah. She can literally do it all. Man, this is a year. And make sure you keep your eye on Juju Watkins. Her mindset is next level. Like the way she attacks everything she does. She's got that classic NIKE energy. When the people say you can't, she's like, watch me and just Does it. You got that ripe. And shout out to our partner NIKE, who she also partners with. They came out with that insane commercial around the Super Bowl that we showed you guys. And now they're out inspiring the next generation of hoopers. Stay tuned for what they've got going on for March Madness. I cannot wait


Now. A moment brought to you by American Express. Ooh. I like how you went down here, Jason. Yes. Do you have any fun dining experiences planned for maybe St. Patrick's Day? I'm gonna dine on 15 freaking Guinnesses. Ooh, nice. Well they are packed with protein. Are you going to fit in with the holiday theme? I'm gonna be wearing green. Ooh. All I might, I don't know. Do I go slap sticky and do like all like the Kiss Me on Irish stuff? Or do I just go like a green sweater with a Jeff Cap and just drink Guinness? Well That's fun. With Amex Platinum, you will get Global Dining access by resi when you add your platinum card to your resi profile So you can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when a hard to get reservation opens up. That's The powerful backing accessed by American Express. For full terms and access to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Thank you to our partner Mentos Gum. We did It. Yeah. Life's got its mundane moments. The morning commute, the endless call is the same playlist I repeat, but what If you could shake things up with just one small move, Guys? That's where Mentos Gum comes in. That first burst of freshness. It's like hitting the fresh button to make ordinary moments fun. Suddenly you're not just sitting in traffic, you're jamming out to your own private concert. Now, Right now the back to back meeting marathon. Now your mind is zooming and grooving with fresh ideas From the crisp kick of freshman to Fruity Strawberry. Each piece is refreshing with possibility Refresh every day with Mentos gum.


I was gonna take it back, man. How does a Texas gun slinger like yourself end up in Georgia? Yeah, Well, both my parents went to Florida State, so I wasn't like a Texas kid growing up. Like, wasn't like Longhorns or Aggies or any of that kind of stuff. So, But your whole life, you grew up in Texas? I Did, yeah, but I loved like Florida State. Yeah. I wanted to go to Florida State. I ended up getting an offer from him, but the offensive coordinator at Florida State for a long time was Mark Rick. He then became the head coach of Georgia. Mm. So I started watching Georgia and my sister went there the year before me. And really the, the couple years before I went to Georgia, they were like second and fifth in the country. They had a really good program. And I frankly wanted to be doing what I'm doing Right now, playing pro football as fast as I could.


I went there, took a visit. It was like a pro style offense. Yeah. Felt like I had a chance to play early and I don't know, I, I wasn't like a huge, I wasn't like in love with the recruiting process and it's so different back then than it is now anyways. I totally Imagine what the shit is Like now. So I just was like, let me get into where I fit in and, and keep it moving and, and I love my time there. It was great. Gotta play with no Sean, a bunch of, you know, talented players. Hell yeah. AJ Green, some of those guys. So I was never like in love with University of Texas football, so I know all my buddies wanted me to go there. 'cause they all Texas kids. I wanna say even the, the, you're breaking day and age, you're coming out like Brandon, Our intern right here, Brandon is the biggest Texas Longhorn fan. Sorry you'll ever see. Oh man, I'm Sorry.


Well, You know, I didn't know 'cause I went to Texas. I sat down with Greg Davis who was the offensive coordinator first mistake. Yeah. And, and he pulls up Tape of the game the year before. It's Vince Young versus Oklahoma. That's what I'm saying. You're in like the heart of like prime Texas Football. It was football, but it was like, hey, this is four verts concept here. This is like, he had, they had some crazy comeback at the end of the game and the second half of Vince went crazy and he was like, we were running four verts. And he is like, well this is beater box. And then we check it down, we say beater box back, that's like seam outside, go to the back. Right. Sounds like a Texas fucking officer. Right. A as Well, when Vince is quarterback we just say box, Box and run. And I'm like, I ain't fucking running bro. Show me some major apple white tape. That's what I need. There we go. You know, like, find me here.


And he just show me Vince stuff and I'm like, I I I'm not gonna hurdle the middle linebacker, Do this shit. So can you just like, Find me here? And it just, it didn't, it didn't fit, it didn't cool. But yeah. That's amazing. That was my story of Texas. I was Like, I don't know. I don't know what to tell you. That's, that's not my skillset. So. Good, man. It was fun though. So you Go from Georgia, you're drafted in the first round. First pick. Yeah. What, at what point did you know you were going? Number One? It was like, it was like a couple nights before maybe, maybe a night or two before. Yeah. Back when they kind of did that, you know, and like figure out contracts and all that kind of stuff. So yeah. I, I was in New York already, so it was, you know, doing the whole draft thing. And you did a whole bigger mor Yeah. Yeah. And they, they kind of called my agent and told 'em, you know, we're gonna do it.


And I was like, all right, sweet. This was kind of nice, nice walking into the green room, not having Have any stress. Yeah. Any stress At all, knowing this will be a short sit and it was, you know, just kind of so good sat down, popped back up and, and kept it moving. It was, it was a whirlwind. It was crazy. I look, think back on that. I'm like, man, what? I didn't know Right. Like so much. But it was, it was a blast. Did you immediately jump on a jet to Detroit or did you Yeah, The next morning. So I, I like went out. Well that's not immediate. Did you have a little fun in the city? Know What I'm saying? Had some, had some good times at the buddy. I had a bunch of college buddies there and, and some of my family was there too, So we went and had a good time. Kicked it. I had to pick my number the next morning. The team president calls me early in the morning.


Oh, isn't nice. And I'm like, and he's like, what number do you want? And I'm like, seven, you know, that's what it was in college. He's like, well, Dutch Clark 1932. Detroit Lion. Yeah. Guy retired Number retired. Retired, retired. And I was like, oh shit. And they were like, we can call his family and see If you would unretire for you. I'm like, no, no, no. All good. Yeah. Rifling through the numbers. Like my dad's in the room, a buddy of mine's in the room and I'm like, Hey guys, what Number should I be? Nice. Nice. I Like, and I'm like rifling through these like, ah, you don't want that one or you don't want that one. I was like, all right, I'll just go with nine. Is nine available? They're like, yeah, nine works. I'm like, cool. And in my head I'm like, great, I don't have to change my signature much. And like the seven just goes to a nine there. We, I'm Good, we, This is easy.


So yeah, after that proceeded to, you know, hop on a jet and fly to fly to Detroit. So, Love it. Before the two days before when they called you, were there any other teams that you thought, oh, I might end up there? Like, or Yeah. How was, how was the process I guess before The draft? Yeah, it was, I, I took a couple of those 30 visits you were talking about. Yeah, I took one to Detroit. I took one to the Jets and then I took one to San Fran. Okay. And so the Jets, when I left there, they were like, we're moving up to five to pick somebody if you're not there. And they ended up taking Sanchez. Oh yeah. At five they moved up to five to take him. And then the 49 ERs was a different deal. They had the 10th pick. They ended up taking Crabtree.


But some, like at the combine, there had been some like stuff going on in the interview Right. Where they, I sat down with Peter King afterwards and he was like, Hey, what's the, what's the craziest thing that happened at the combine in the meetings? Right, sure. And that was kind of back when they would ask you stuff you can't say now or ask. Ask now. Sure. Okay. And so I'm like, well, San Franz deal, it was single. Terry was the head coach. Yeah. And it was, it was like a, A shrink. Like a Oh yeah, yeah. You know like a psychiatrist, psychologist, Sports psychologist, psychiatrist lady. Yeah. She's talking to me about all these different things and it's like, tell me about your parents. I'm like, my parents got divorced, you know, when I was in high school and okay, do you wanna talk about it? I'm like, not really. Like they're cool.


Like it's okay. Yeah. So Peter King's like, what's the strangest thing? I'm like, well my 12 minutes with the Niners at that point was, you know, it was like, I wanted to know how much of the prorated hour I owed after my 12 minutes, You know? And I said that and he wrote that and I was like, oh. And so Mike got all pissed off and was like, he's nod, you know, ready to be a quarterback in the league. And he got mad. So I had to fly out there and like just kinda like shake hands and be like, listen man, I didn't mean anything by it. Yeah. Supposed to be a joke, but yeah. Yeah. That was my, Was complete waste my time. Fly out to San Fran. I fly out to Samran. I'm on the east coast, I'm in Atlanta at the time. I fly out to San Fran, I go there, I meet with Mike. This is awesome. He's getting a boflex put in his office as I'm walking in, I'm like, hell yeah, He's getting the chuck.


Of course he got scanned by the commercial. He's just like, God Damnit Been there before That shit. And I'm like, this is awesome. But like, it was honestly a great meeting with him, the whole deal. And so, You know, I'm meeting with 'em, they're like, Hey, that's so good. They're not gonna, we're like, you're not gonna be there at 10. We're not gonna get a chance to take, you had a Slim class milkshake next to them. A do taco. Oh gosh. Oh, It was short Lift. The League has changed Quite a bit. That an ass. Yeah, that an ass. Oh man. Good old Mike. Yeah.


Alright, well God Damn, that was good. What do you think the biggest change in the league has been? It's both Plexes and Coaches on Exactly. Golly. I mean it has changed a ton, right? Like I feel like the X's and O's parts of it is so cyclical and like Yeah. You know, it was all, when I first got in the league, it was all Tampa two. What were y'all's first years Yours? I was 11, 13. Okay. Yeah. So it was like all Tampa two. It was Chicago Bears. Chicago Bears Tampa two, they bringing the mic in the nickel playing three week way or they're bringing the free safety and ackers cutting and picking four week and taking 'em to the house. Right Now it's like the pressures were all these like zone dogs, percent, That's all it was. Right. And then it went to like, okay, Seattle, we're playing 3D four under, we got the, like we hook player carry three vertical.


Yeah. All that stuff. Yeah. And then it's, you know, a lot of what you guys are doing I think is great, you know, and, and whatever. So I think scheme wise it's, you know, it's really, it's really been like cyclical. I think the way they can hit players now has changed so much. I mean Oh yeah. I used to get just absolutely dumped by Dudes. Just you've got some iconic, just like getting crushed face mask, going all sorts of different directions. Yeah. There's been some tough Some, some lean, some lean moments there, some good man Catch 'em now. Just some Good memes nowadays. It's just a good meme. It's not the same. Yeah. No, yeah, it's not the same. I remember at one off season I was in the NFC North for forever and Julius Peppers who was with Chicago at the time and Just talk to you and sounded intimidated.


Jared Allen, Julius Pepper, North Carolina, Are you on like of an action movie, what The fuck are you doing on this football field? But Pep Pep And Jared Allen were both free agents. Yeah. In Minnesota and in Chicago. And I'm like, good. Get the fuck outta here. And they just fucking switched David, you know, like Julius was in, you know, green Bay and, and you know, Jared's in Chicago and I'm like, God, I can't get rid of these guys. But no, it was, it was different times back then. Yeah. I mean really all, all aspects of the game I feel like. But I mean, none of the guys were doing this, so this is a different part of it as well. Was kind of cool. Yeah. I'm not like ultra dialed into the podcast thing my wife does the morning after.


Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Kb she does a couple podcasts and she rocks it. I'm not super dialed in Cooper and, and I did a little nine and dime. Okay. We like for the team kind of thing. Yeah. Which was a lot of fun. But yeah, I mean, just having the ability and the platform to kind of get out there and talk a little bit is cool. It's, I know it's fun for everybody to get to know you guys too, so it's cool. Yeah. We have fun doing it. Hell yeah. Especially when we get guys like this. Man, I Appreciate you. We gotta talk about something that Tom Brady said though. He's, he's saying that college isn't developing. Yeah. These quarterbacks like they used to. How do you kind of see that as well? Like, do you see some of these young guys that come in that just are, that doesn't seem like they're as ingrained in the like maybe the X's and O's or they're mechanics as much?


Well, Yeah, and I think maybe kinda what he was thinking about too when he was talking about that is just, you know, the ability to move and, and do all that. You don't get time in a system. Right? Like think about If you just changed office coordinators every single year, right. You'd be like, man, I don't know. I know a lot, but I don't know if I like mastered anything. Got everything. You know what I mean? And got everything outta that. And so, I mean, 'cause for me it's like hard to argue. I mean what Jayden Di has did this year as a rookie, I'm like, it's Pretty damn impressive, Pretty solid player. You know? I Think it solid. Yeah. All those guys that are coming out, like the rookies actually impress me, you know, just the way that they can go out there and operate and play at a, at a high level to, at a young age. But I do know what he means by that. Like, you know, you're just kind of bouncing around, bouncing through college.


It's, that's a different feel. Like where, You know, I went to a school, you guys went to a school and you're like, I feel good about that school. Try to learn everything there is to learn about that system and then, and go from there. You know, I think it's an individual case, like each player, but I am impressed by a lot of the guys that come out and I'm like, I'm a fan of, I want those guys to have success. Like, I don't want the guys to come into the league and I'm not the old guy that's like, no, you can't take, you know, don't have my job. You know, like, I want you to fail. I'm like, man, I want, I want the game to continue to be great and, and I want those young guys to play well. So I was impressed by 'em. Awesome, awesome. I think, I think also it's, it goes back to what you were saying, it's just a different game. A hundred percent when you come into the league nowadays. I just feel like, and this might be me being older, thinking about this, but it feels like it's a younger game.


Oh yeah. It doesn't, like, I don't see the Ray Lewis's at linebacker. Yeah. Where it's like intimidation. Yeah. You gotta be able to move where you're, you're under center and you just, you're staring at Ray Lewis and you're like, break the huddle. Dokey. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go. I know. You're coming. Hundred has changed. Yeah. Yeah. They, they gotta be able to cover and do more in the passing game. I don't wrong, Ray Lewis would probably still be good in today's NFL. Yeah, No doubt. Right? Yeah. Bobby Wagner. Yeah. You know, I mean, I think, But yeah, it's as the game changes, so do the position. Yeah. There's not a million dudes doing what I do. Yeah. Like sitting in the pocket and throwing anymore, you know, a lot of guys are moving around and making plays and I'm jealous, You know, I, I'm watching tape and they're like, I know. They just see man coverage and they're like, I'm just gonna run.


I'm just gonna run. Yeah. And I'm like, that's an awful idea. If I try to do that, everybody's back gonna be second 11. You know? It's not good for us if I do that. So, guys, get open. Do you Ever watch the combine any of the college games? I Mean, I'll, I'll flip the combine on a little bit here and there. I watch some of the college games. I'm not like a huge college football guy when it gets like to the playoffs and the really good games. Sure, sure. I'll flick it on. But I'm not like following a guy throughout the year. Now I do watch those guys when they get into the league. Like CJ Stroud, I thought he had an unbelievable rookie year. Always rookie year. And I still think he, you know, he had a tough year this year, but they had a ton of injuries around him and all that kind of stuff. Ruffins Lot struggled. Yeah. And so they have, but I like watching the young guys play. 'cause it's, it kind of like revitalizes me, invigorates me.


Yeah. A little bit. Like, golly, these guys are out there just playing carefree, ripping it, you know, sometimes when you have, you know, a bunch of years of experience, you got some scars too, right? You're like, I mean, these guys are just letting it rip into this coverage. And Yeah. And I'm like, I remember Carefree, I remember CJ threw a touchdown, I Think it was a pre-season game. He threw like a bang eight into like into three buzz, right over the safety's head. And I was like, I saw him that year. We played him or something, or practice against him. I was like, what are you doing? Ripping the boot Right in the rotation for a Touchdown? He's like, Hey man, they didn't play it right. And I'm like, shit, come on. Just to be careful enough to be like, ah, you know what? Shoot it in there and score. I'm like, man, I'd have been going that way. Yeah. And, you know, probably been second six.


We'd been happy with the four yard completion, but my man's, we need a little check out trotting off the field with a touchdown. So Forget about it's field. I mean, I noticed that even just for me, like I I, you get resistant to something sometimes, just 'cause you've been burned on before. A hundred percent. You're Like, I don't really try. And then you'll watch somebody else do it. All of a sudden it like works out. You're like, man, am I, am I wrong in this? I, I know. Or I Right. I like what's going on here? I mean, it sounds like yours is pretty black and white, but, but Like, the further you go, no, I'm with you. The further you get in your career, you gotta fight that sometimes. Right. Where you're like, for sure. Like, man, like I know how they should be playing that defense. Yeah. And they're not playing it. Right. But like, I went over here and this was open, even though I know it shouldn't be. You know what I mean? You're like, the teams that are really ultra like undisciplined on defense are don't wanna give away any secrets, But Yeah.


Yeah. But those are tough ones to play sometimes. Right? For sure. 'cause you're like, you know, you may get a freebie score or whatever, but a lot of times, man, you, you're passing something 'cause you know the coverage and, and it's wide open 'cause they blew it, you know? Yeah. Right. And it's tough, you know, tough. It's Tough when Calvin Johnson's double covered because you're like, man, he's double. Where else do I think, fuck it. Is Calvin Just kidding. What, do you see anything when you're watching like a young quarterback where like, oh man, he's got it. Or like, what, I guess what, what would you see out of a trait in a guy that you like to see out of a quarterback? Yeah, I mean, I think poise is a huge one, right? Like, because I think that helps, you know, withstand time, I think. Yeah. Quarterbacks like, so much of it is like longevity.


How long, how often can you do it? How many years in a row can you just go out there and, and be that player? Sure. And there's gonna be times where things around you or you are battling something or wherever. And it may not be as good, but like, what kind of, what are you when times are good when times are bad also in game. Like, Hey, it's fourth quarter, we need you. Like, what does that look like? I think that's something to me that, you know, helps, you know, predict and project what guys are gonna be like down the road. 'cause that's what they're all looking for, right? They don't want like a guy to be really good for one year. They want 'em to be good for a long time. Yeah. And that's something to me that, like, you look at what Jayden Daniel was able to do. I mean, those guys, they proved it both. I think through like longevity of a season, but also in game in big moments.


Being able to, to come up for the team is, is pretty cool. They, I, I forget what there was like 11 wins or something like that. Like at the last Yeah. I mean, there's something crazy. All sorts of 'em, right? I mean, had the massive Hail Mary that everybody remembers, but there were a bunch of other ones too that were, that were great plays. Yeah. I gotta ask this before we get to this next segment. Yep. You played with two of the best d tackles in this decade plus of football and Aaron Donald and, and Dogan Sue. Yeah. Who frightens you more as a quarterback? You know, spent more, I probably played more, I don't know, it might be kind of close. I was gonna say I played more games against Aaron Donald than I did Sue. Yeah. But I played quite a few against Sue there kind of at the end.


I would say having, you know, experience with both ad's. It was, it was a different deal. I agree. Because there was like, the get off was crazy. I mean, he just wrecked practices. Sue was that way too in a lot of instances and was a great player for us in Detroit. And then, you know, bounced around and had some unbelievable seasons at other places too, but Yep. Ad was, that was something different. Just watching him go about his job every single day. I remember like the third practice, I was there in training camp we have no pads on and we're running a quick game. I'm throwing a hitch to the field and I smash my thumb on his, On his Helmet. And I'm like, yo, I just caught the ball. Yeah. He's like, catch throw bang. And I'm like, and next thing you know, everybody had the guardian caps on there, like something, you know, but it was, but he was, he was crazy in his ability.


And I would say the respect that he got from offensive lines and other def and other offenses was something I've never seen before. Yeah. I, I would agree with that. I mean, we treated him differently than any other defensive tackle Right. That we ever played in. And Sue was the rea, I, I think Sue was like, almost, he like, wanted to kill somebody. Yeah. Where AD wanted to kill somebody too, but it was like a different level of intensity. I agree. Ad though his like motor, it was every single snap, every single play. You could not take a play off. No. And he never took a play off. Yeah. He was running, I I don't know how he had that kind of conditioning. It was to this day. Yeah. Well you, the, the Combined this of like, his athleticism is exp like explosive and strength And smart players. Then he just never stop smart player.


Like, I mean, he knew, like, you talk to him like I get in the, you know, cafeteria and you sit down and you talk to him and he is like, yeah, I knew if I wasn't doubled, if the center didn't come to me, it's run away. Yeah. Because the center comes to me every pass play. Yeah. It, and If it could center comes to me, it's pass or it's run to Yeah. Center goes away. Like you're not not blocking me with two. Yeah. So we knew it was runaway and then he is shooting a backside gap. I mean like, he was just like, could make decisions and go like that that quickly and just for sure it was, it was impressive to be around him and, and watch him work. I mean, the way he worked out, we had a a I'll never forget and he was crazy in the weight room. Oh, I know. I like the rock. Came in and worked out with him one time and they freaking just, he was Night fighting. Yeah. I mean he's like, he's a maniac in the weight room.


Right. And I'll never forget this was 21 or 22 maybe. Yeah. We had like a makea wish kid who had like a year before had been like, Hey, I want to, my dream is to go like, be with Aon for a day kind of thing. And thankfully this kid at that point had kind of beaten the odds and had beaten the cancer that he had, I believe. And like, was really on the men. And it was really cool. Like, he came in and you're like, oh man, this guy's like doing good. Right. High school kid, like bigger kid, like, loved to play football. And Adie was like, cool. Come work out with me. Right. And I'm like, I'm walking by, I'm like, yo, About what's about to go to right? And I look Over and like, I'm over there doing like banded something and like 30 minutes in and eighties just ripping curls out and this and this next thing you know, this kid is puking in the trash can Ad can you please like have a little co a Little understanding, like Got what he wanted.


You want to be ad you want you for months ad you can, oh my God, Can we just relax on the bicep curl For a little bit? Man, it's like, how many do we do till we Throw up? You know? I, it was just like unbelievable. I Was like, this guy has no, I mean, the motor just never stops, Man. It was incredible. I remember it was my first time playing in LA against the Rams and it was a preseason game. And I'm number, I'm number three closest to the line. Yeah. We're running all go special. I'm supposed it's cover two, or at least I see too high. And I'm thinking I'm just right up the hash. Yep. And I take off and I'm like, man, I'm just gonna fucking dig for my first like five to 10 yards. And by the time I got to the like five yards downfield, I felt something, throw me to the numbers and I got up out of that play like fucking like Little Dazed.


I'm like, what in the Fuck was that? And I watched it on film and it was ad coming from the backside B gap and just fucking smoked me. Oh. I Believe it. Because there was a blitz from the other side and I was just like, what the Fuck? Yeah. I had never felt like more of like, like the lightest thing. Yeah. I had never moved that fast before ever in my life by anybody. I Remember we were, I was in Detroit, we were playing a game against the Rams and there was St. Louis still at that point. Jim Bob was our coordinator and You know, I dropped back to pass late in the game. We need to play. And Aaron, I have two hands on the ball right? Like this. And Aaron just comes up from behind me and just rips both my biceps apart. The ball falls Down the ground.


And I'm like, I'm looking at him and I'm like, I come over to the sideline, I'm like, I mean, I'm pissed. And I'm like, I don't know what I'm supposed to do There he is like, you gotta find a way to hold onto it. I'm like, go fuck Yourself man. I like, You think I'm gonna be able to hold onto this, This monster tip. Jim, Bob, he just went like this and like Kindly separated my arms. He was like, I'll take the ball. I was just like, what do I Do? Like there's nothing. Oh, is that what I was supposed to do? Hold onto it. Got it. Thanks for this. That's how this works, dude. I was with Jim Bob, I'll Never forget when he came up. I, we will probably cut this Bro. Gotta say, gotta tell It that. Tell it. Anyways. So I'm sitting there. We had just hired Nick ci. Yeah. And Shane Ste. And Jim Bob was on the staff. I had never met Jim Bob. Oh yeah. I didn't know about him in Detroit.


Really? Yeah. He comes up and he says, Hey Jason, my name's Jim, Bob Cooter and I, you just like fucking laugh like audibly. Like hundred percent. I like a giggle. Yeah. And I'm like, oh. Oh, that's fucking real. My dad on that one. Awesome fucking dude though. He is great. I love Oh, he's A great dude. All time Name, All time name, all time names. He caught me. He's just so off guard. Like, I was like, what the f are we like in Varsity Blues Right now? A hundred percent. A hundred percent. You know, he like, he's got like the name matches. I think his, like his childhood home backed up to the Jack Daniels distillery, like as It should.


Of course. With a name like Jim Bob. It better. Are you kidding Me? Back up to Jack Daniels. So yeah, he's, he's one of a


kind Thank you to Intuit TurboTax for sponsoring today's episode. If your schedule is as unpredictable as ours, trying to lock down an in-person appointment with your Tax Pro can get a bit tricky. But now taxes are matching with a TurboTax Live expert on any device. They Do your taxes for you and get you your maximum refund all while you go about your day listening to your favorite podcast. Nice. Who would've loved to kick back with a cup of coffee Feet propped up while a tech savvy tax expert makes sure you are getting every dollar out of those business trips, huh? I mean, that does sound pretty dreamy. When you match with TurboTax Live expert, they have cutting edge tools for any tax situation. It's 2025, it's time to File Now. This is Taxes brought to you by Intuit TurboTax,


thanks to our sponsor, audible. Hey, Let Audible expand your life by listening. That's right. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Whether You're breaking free from old patterns or building better ones, audible puts wisdom in your ears. Just open the app and dive in with thousands of titles covering every goal and interest. Your next listen is at your fingertips. Like the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or 10% Happier Ooh by Dan Harris. I'll take 10% happier. I'll take 10. I fuck. I'll take a thousand percent happier. I'm gonna one up Dan Harris. Yeah. I'm actually, I'm gonna tenfold, I'm gonna go 10000%. I'm a, I'm gonna a hundred times I'm gonna 1000000% happier. Yeah. Yeah. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing so much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start listening Today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at audible.com/new Heights.


All right.


92% as if you're listening to me Right now. This is your sign to stock up on my favorite energy drink of all time. That's right. ACCELERATOR. I'm telling you, this is the best tasting energy drink on the market with the best flavors. More than one multiple. A bunch of 'em. And they're all zero sugar and uses 100% natural caffeine. Nice. Doesn't get any better than that. Every single flavor is a banger. And they just dropped a new item on Amazon. Jason, please tell him what I'm talking about. That's right. Trav, three of your favorite flavors are now available in one Variety pack. Yes sir. We're talking Rocket Pop Cherry ice pop and Tropical Punch. Woo. That's actually a great trio right there. That's right. Cherry Ice Pop has always been one of my favorites. It's basically Shirley Temple. These flavors are three of my favorite. Obviously Orange Ice Pop is up there as well, but Orange Ice pop. Yep. Yeah. These three, you can't go wrong with these three. I'm Not even gonna lie. These are three very good flavors. All Right. Now ACCELERATOR is clinically proven to provide sustained energy ACCELERATOR metabolism and even enhance your focus. The drink is the real deal. People Upgrade your energy and go get your ACCELERATOR at Amazon.


Alright, let's get into this last segment, brother. We gotta ask. Yep. Yeah, we gotta ask. You can tell us to fuck off. Okay. If you don't gotta answer. Okay. But yeah, we, we always wrap it up with, with you. We gotta ask but you don't have to answer.


Oh fuck. We Gotta ask is brought to you by Mentos Gum. Do why You, You try because you're keep doing the same note. No it's not. You're Doing the same note. I'm doing a different note. Do Your note. No. Ah. See yeah. You were different that time. It sounded terrible. That time you were different Because I did the same note that time. Go. Hi. That was close. That was it. That was it. Alright. Yeah, no, this will be easy. This will be easy. Rapid fire too. You don't even gotta think about Am I elaborating on these answers? Am I just one wording? Yeah, You can listen. Whatever. Listen The question, let's fucking go.


Yeah, That's right. As of 2024, the only remaining active players in the NFL from 2009 draft class are you and Jets Punter, Thomas Morstead. More Steed Stead. Morstead more stead. Yes. Steed. The EAD. It's Top place's a top. You can, But yeah, it's top. It can go Ways red. You know what I'm saying? My first grade daughter, hunter is doing those words Right now. She was reading C Reed Percentm. It's a real deal, Bro. I don't know who created this fucking language. Yeah. Do you plan to do whatever it takes to Outlast Most? A hundred percent. I mean I've Been waiting for him to just wither away at some point, but he just keeps going.


He's A machine. We actually played the Jets This year. It's funny you say this. We played the Jets this year. I was unaware that Thomas was an oh nine draft pick. And Did he fucking challenge you dude, post Game. He fucking came up to me. He was like, yo, can I get a picture? We're like the only two guys still doing it. So yeah, it was, it was nice to get a picture. That's Awesome. With my guy. It'll Be the last one. Yeah, right. Don't ever ask me for a picture again. I love it. But no, I mean he's, he's got a, a gig that promotes longevity So we for sure. We'll see. I don't know if I can keep going but he probably can. Yeah. Yeah. You can keep going forever. I Don't like my odds. Do you have a favorite throw One is tough to, to you know, tough to come up with.


I mean, like throwing a fade to Cooper to win the Super Bowl was pretty awesome. Yeah. Yeah. The play earlier in that drive to throw the end breaker I had where I kind of, hell yeah. Looked him off. Was was another good one. Those are the two that come to mind. And then weirdly enough, the three that you know, hit me first were all to him, but the, the one in Tampa and the divisional round when they brought the zero pressure on the two minute drive and I just, he's running like a vertical push to clear out for a dagger. Yeah. And I like caught it backside safety whenever I was like, oh my God, this is zero. And just boom, launched that one fade away. Those three are are pretty good ones. 'cause they were like high leverage, meaningful high leverage moments. Right? Sure. Like there's some cool ones that, you know, you're getting blown out or you're winning big. But those were high leverage moments and, and was able to make it happen.


All Right. Now you do have a submission from Andrew Whitworth recently told story Big, Big win. Oh great. He said one time you threw a bomb to Van Jefferson against Arizona. I don't know If you remember this play. Okay. It's gotta 21 where you said you said fucking die as you threw it. Yeah. That That was a good one. That a good one. That too was a good one. You like called like nothing but that. Yeah. Kobe. That's awesome. It Was a good one. Yeah. It came outta the hand Good. And I was like, knew it. Oh this is gonna be sweet. And, and I'll never forget JJ Watt was on the sideline, wasn't playing that game. He was hurt and I like threw it and kind like spun around and like for some reason, you know, I'm kind of cruising down their sideline and I like lock eyes, like see him and I'm like, whoa God.


You know, I was like, also, thank God you're not playing good. Would not have been able to get that one on, But would've Been way harder with you in front of me. Yes. But it, yeah, that was a good one band when he got that one that was kind of like a cool like play action half boot that we had put in maybe that week or week before and, and hit it. It was sweet. That's awesome. Yeah, it was a cool one. Who Put in the fake spike In Dallas? Yeah. Oh my. That was not put in coach, that was it. No, that Was just You just when bike Psych. Yes. Well I was like, So we throw a scene ball to Calvin in that, in that the play before. And I thought he got in, everybody thought he got in. Riley Reef was our left tackle at the moment. And he's celebrating like WWE style on the 50. Like Oh. And his back is, to me, I'm screaming high pitched like a girl.


Like get over Here. Yeah. Yeah. And so everybody's kind of waiting for Riley to get back as from his celebration. And so I'm standing at the, at the line of scrimmage and I've got time to kind of like look. Yeah, there's like 12 seconds left on the clock and the D line's just like chilling in the stance. Yep. Sean Lee was kind of just chilling at Mike linebacker, which is very unlike him. 'cause he was Very much what a, he was a monster dude. Oh my God. He was a good player. I hated blocking was super smart. Me too. Yeah, he, he was tough, but, so I had time to kind of see it happening and I'm like, fuck it, I'm just gonna go like, I'm not gonna let him call another play. Yeah. We had, you know, just a spike or a kill it, whatever you wanna call it. We had that called and then I just decided to go for it myself and thank God it worked out Alright man.


That would've been a, yeah, that would've been tough one all time times. Yeah. It would an all time fail had it not worked Well. It did. Yes. Was your return to Detroit the wildest atmosphere you've ever played in? Yeah, I, I would say so. I think, yeah, both times really. Like, playoff game was crazy. That was, that was wild because we ran out for pre-game warmups and the place was just packed and just booing the shit outta me and which is whatever. But, But yeah, it was a, that was a loud, loud game. And then we came back, you know, for the opener the next year and it was crazy loud again. They, they support when they're rolling they support man. It's cool now. It's wild. They're not fucking around up there. No, it's, it's especially Dome City too.


Oh man. Yes. They're Rock and roll shit gets Rowdy. Yeah. Both, both of those were, you know, night games that had ample time to, you know, look her up. Yeah, Yeah. Get, get ready to rock and roll. So they were, we were gonna remove, Remove any type of barrier we have to congen con congenial. What the fuck did you just Say? Alright, I'm gonna stop talking. I know you Meant alright. I knew where you were going to. Being nice. Yes. There we go. What do we got? You're a father of four girls? Yes. As I am about to be. Yes. You got any advice? Buckle up? No, it's, it's a blast, man. You know, we saw each other not too long ago and we was talking about it. Yeah, it's, it's a blast, man.


My seven year old's will soon be eight, six, and a four. So we're like rocking and rolling. We're in leotards all the time doing gymnastics around the house. Oh, hell yeah. It's crazy. So, I don't know man. I, at this point I'm like, I don't even know what I would do with a boy. Like, I don't even, I can't even wrap my head around it. Yeah. So I'm just like, I'm all in on the girls. So throw him that pig Ski. Let him sling it, man. It's me. I like figure it out. You know what I'm saying? I just, yeah. I don't really know, Know. Definitely figure it out. But I mean, changing a diaper with a nutsack there just feels like it would be weird. Agreed. Agreed. But yeah, like wiping shit up a nut sack. Like I don't wanna be a part of that. I'm with you. I'm with you. Hundred percent. You gotta those nuts. Gotta Shine those things, man.


Where are we at Baby? Nuts sacks I think is where we left. Yeah, I, that's where we stopped. We're baby Nutsack. We're back on the nuts sacks. You, I don't Know. That's at in the rundown. Former offensive Coordinator. No, I'm kidding. Your former offensive coordinator. Kevin O'Connell told a story about a game before he was head coach where QB fell down a skinny staircase at Lambo. Do you, do you Recall this? Yeah. Well that Was that QBU? No. No. Oh shit. We've narrowed down before. Suspects. That was the guy Before me. Oh shit. That was jg. Oh no. I guess that's why I was obviously not there for it. But allegedly he had a, he took a monster spill down those, you know, those like turf? Fuck Yeah. Oh hell Yeah. Yeah. That's old school shit down back to turf.


Yeah. Yeah. He, I guess he took a spill. I don't know. I wasn't there for it. But that's not a fun way to start your day at Lambo. No, it's gonna be tough enough already. Yeah, He's bounced Back. Yeah. Yeah. This, he's Great. Do you feel you've gotten, you haven't gotten enough credit for the No. Look passes coming common in the NFL. You know, I don't, I don't care too much Think it for credit Su I'm not. I keep a credit meter if whether I'm getting enough or not. But no, that for me, those started when I played with Calvin because everybody in the building knew I was trying to throw 'em the ball. And so I was like, all right, how do I get all these guys off my synth a little bit? You know what I mean? Like, and so I'm trying to move backers and when they're like just sending all the zone coverage right there and I'm trying to like maneuver it.


So it kind of started then. Sure. Like, all right, how do I still get this guy the ball? And so, you know, it obviously evolved into more tactical use of spreading it around a little bit. But I don't ever think about it. It just kind of happens organically. I mean, I know, you know, pat does 'em and Oh hell yeah. And it's not, at least for me, like, I'm not like talking about it, you know, you just kind of feel it and you're playing the game and sometimes you feel like you need to move somebody and you move them. Yeah. There You go. I'm with you. It's that easy. Just don't look where you're throwing the ball. Yeah. It just freezes everybody for a second. Yeah, Exactly Right. Well we got you here the first time we met you. Yeah. Was out in Georgia. Oh God. Yeah. The lake. Yes. July. Of course. What was your first impression of a guy like Jason Kelsey, Jesus Christ.


You know, I remember, I feel like, And shout out to the Air Force Boys man. Yeah, man. They know how to go Chat hall. You can let those guys out and look out. Yes. They'd be like, we've been just doing PT for the last Six months, haven't seen anything. And they walk out, it's Like, yeah, we go boards. Like I like, whoa, We got a back up. But these dudes were, they were rocking and rolling man. They were fun. But it was, those were, those were great times. Simpler times, dude. They were So Fun. You know, south of Lake Lanier Man. Yeah, man, we Gotta, we gotta, we gotta do another, they Were trying to run it back at some point. I'm like, golly man, It would be hard now. It's Gonna take a lot outta me. Yeah. You know, I mean, different days. But If it was 10 years straight, they did that 10 years.


I think I was there for nine, didn't nine of them, 10 them started on like a mastercraft wakeboard boat and then graduated into a giant houseboat Triple decker houseboat. Jesus. Before we get outta here, I gotta have you read this from my former teammate and one of my favorite teammates of all time. Darius Slay. Oh, Love Slay. He said, I guess you were known to pick on DBS occasionally. And this is a quote from Darius after the Eagles Rams playoff game. It's here, let Me, I got you right. Yo, That one, I'm not that old. I can, I don't have, I have good eyes. Okay. You don't have to zoom. So sorry. So sorry. It was fun as hell until he started, started trying me the last two drives. Like god damn staff.


Like, damn, calm the fuck down. Like shit, this is so sleigh. This is, This is so on brand. That's why I know You've been slinging this motherfucker. Sling that motherfucker somewhere else. Well, Darius, I'm sorry, I just Had to do something. I was trying to fight back, man. You guys were kicking our ass. So it was, I love playing against him. I played against him, you know, quite a few times since, you know, we've both been gone from Detroit and he is what a great teammate. Oh dude, what a stud. You know, I wish him nothing but the best. I love, I love getting to, you know, compete against him. He's, he's a man. That's it. That's, we gotta, that's we gotta ask.


And that was brought to you by Mentos Gum. I think that's all we got, bro. Dude, that does appreciate it. Thank brother. No, You guys are the fucking great. I appreciate it. 92% Matthew Stafford. Yeah baby, let's go baby. Appreciate you coming through, brother. You got it man. Thank you. Best Of luck this year. Appreciate it. Thank you.


All righty. Alright. All Right, now let's wrap this episode up with some no dumb questions.


Know dumb questions is brought to you by Merrick Hen Express. That's right. Only doing one of these today since we had a good interview, we're just gonna pick what sounds interesting.


And we are brothers. We didn't really prank each other growing up, but that's the topic for this one. Hey guys, it's Williston, South Carolina. Hey Willie. And I'm not a parent, but I do have two younger brothers. I'm in college. They're in middle school. Okay. And I'm babysitting them for about a week and a half coming up in like a month. Hmm. And I wanna pull some pranks on them. Oh wow. But I don't know what to do because I'm not a very good prank. But I wanna get better at it because, you know, let's have some fun. Sure. I don't wanna do anything too cruel. Like I don't wanna traumatize them, but also like, let's have some fun. So what are your favorite pranks to pull on like a middle school age? Boy, Thank you so much. All right. Willow, let me tell you about a game called Poop dollar.


All right. Here's what you're gonna wanna do. Poop. What do youre gonna wanna not cool at all. You're gonna wanna get it. They are middle school. If you feel like a dollar works still for a middle schooler, right? What, 100%? Yeah. Take a dollar, a $5 will get 'em excited. But they actually, they still might keep the dollar If you really wanna like really get 'em $20 bill. Yeah, that'll for sure work. It's gonna take some dirty work though. So you want to go get some hospital gloves? Yeah. Get some gloves glove up for this. Hopefully you have a pet that's easiest. Makes it way easier. Case scenario makes it way easier. But if not, just go to the park. Yeah. Or you can do it yourself. But I'm gonna guess we've never gone that far. Yeah, we haven't done that yet. You're gonna wanna take a $20 bill, fold it in like a U shape, roam your backyard for some type of dropping, of excrement of some kind.


Take the U shape so the bill only, not your hand bill, only leave bill only. But you got gloves just in case you smush it right in the middle of the bill. Now you have it in the middle of the bill. Fold that puppy over on top of each other. Set it down where the boys are gonna be. You know, they're gonna wander by. They're gonna, they're gonna pass by. Yep. It's gonna be enticing. You gotta be around though. So you gotta you gotta camp out. You gotta hide out. Yeah. You have to be there. Yeah. While they pick it up or you're not gonna be as satisfied. Yes. And you're gonna wanna leave it so that they discover it, pick it up, and then find out that lo and behold there's poop inside of it And you scream poop dollar. So that'll work. That's a good one.


That's a great one for middle school boys. Really boys of any age. Yeah. Men, grown men. That gets them too. I would say another one that we, we knew about that we didn't really partake in as much, but Icy Hot in the jock strap always works. You go icy Hot in the Chris pe it's kind cruel. It takes about a hour to wear off. Chris Pess got me in ice hockey. There you go. Yeah, Of course I Do. We so the, the PEs freshmen used to have to like unload the buses or something like that and we had like a loss or something like that and I was trying to get the hell out of there. Didn't unload the bus, came back the next day, put my jock strap on, went out on the ice.


Not a fun day. Yeah, Yeah. Both icy and hot just as it, Nothing icy about it. It was pure hot zero ice To it. Yeah. It can feel a little cruel. Yeah. And if they don't wear jock straps, I mean just the boxers work. Yep. Boxers work just as good. Yeah. I mean I wouldn't do that. That's too far to me. Willow. But what are some other good ones? What are I, we're just not great pranksters. We, we didn't do a lot of pranking. If you Have one of those like, like hoses that like you gotta squish on the squeeze, like on the sink. Put a little rubber band around that so that when they turn the faucet on, it just sprays 'em right in the face. Mm. That's a good one. What are some other good pranks?


You can booby trap 'em. Mm. There's always, you can always boomy trap 'em. Get a balloon full of whipped cream or something like that. They open a door all of a sudden smacks 'em right in the face. That takes some good work, some good. You gotta be kind of handy with a tool in your hand. Where's she from? South Carolina. South Carolina. Are there alligators in South Carolina? I'm sure they've ventured up there. I mean, if, if, if it's a pool day, get an alligator duct tape it's mouth closed and throw it in the pool. Yeah. Well good luck. Yeah, with that. They don't have strong, they're not that strong at opening their mouth. They're only strong closing it. So it's duct tape hold. You'll Be good. Yeah, that sounds terrifying, Jason.


It'll be very scary though. You can always wait for them to be around their fa like friends and then just pan some. Yeah, yeah. Got nothing for you other than they will hate you forever. Please let us know what you ended up doing. We can't wait to hear how you prank these little twin fuckers in middle school. Yeah. So that does it for no dumb questions brought to you by American Express. Alrighty, that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you to Matthew Stafford first joining the Show. What awesome conversation that was so much fun. Awesome to relink after all these years. Hell yeah.


Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever. Get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Don't you forget to hit up Wondery on the Wondery app, baby. Once again. New Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and entertainment and brought to you by NIKE. Mm. When the world says you can't win, Nike says so. When Follow the show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s for fun clips throughout the weeks and thanks to our production and crew. And thank you to the 92 Percenters. As always, we will see you next week. Peace. Do I, can we, can we get a harmonization? What are, what? Are you gonna start off? We Do. I You Want me to go down the lower? Yeah, go Lower. Do I? I can't do that One. Whoa. Whoa. Where you At? They gotta go real. Hello? Where you at? Do I Alright, so I'm up there. Alright, go. Wait, Hold on now you're doing the whole thing. Yeah, I'm gonna try and All right. Be Where's my ending note Again? Well, now you're higher. Wow. I can't find where you're at. You gotta go. I can't. I have no idea where you're at. You're all over the place. I'm not a, this is why I don't do music. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Long Live Dogs, that's what they say over at the Farmer's Dog because they want all dogs to live a long, healthy life. Imagine Eating highly processed foods for every meal and expecting to stay healthy. For humans that would just not cut it. So why should it be the standard for dogs and dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight Dogs. The Farmer's dog helps your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight with personalized meal plans of freshly made food. They calculate your dog's ideal daily calories based on their unique nutritional needs. And the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time. Ooh, The Farmer's Dog isn't fancy. It's simple. Real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's what I like to call a win-win. Give 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/new Heights.