
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's dog. Hey, You know what time it is? Dog time. It's time for fresh approach to dog food, and that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These Guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's Be honest, traditional pet food is super processed, and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They Handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and bow. Your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and happy. The best part, they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus, they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. It's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, You know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey Don't even be started on their ever roasted chicken. The craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going to extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some boar's head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy. Then mayonnaise, a healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with Boar said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, Boar's Head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make. You're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boarshead committed to craft since 1905.


Can we talk about your snaps real fast? Yeah. How do you know about my snaps? I used to watch film and be like, holy, that is a rocket shot. You can tell by watching tape when Jalen hurts. Had to switch his stance to this. Yeah, I know. I felt, yeah. Speaking of guards, I'm pretty sure I just ripped my jeans. Did you really? Yeah, I'm pretty sure I did. Hey, Welcome back to New Heights 92 Percenters. How about a wonder show I could touch you? Show a wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and


brought to you by Allstate. Hmm? You're in good hands with Allstate.


I'm Travis Kelce. This is Jason. Jason Kelsey, my big brother outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Shout out to the Cincinnati Bear Cats. Yeah, the fucking Cs. God dammit. We can't yeah know. We're struggling Right now. We're struggling down three. One Is Draftking sponsoring this episode? Yeah. So I made a real big error By doing what? So the calves were down oh two. Yeah. And I put some cash into my DraftKings app. Hammer it. Yeah. I Put money into the Draft KINGS app thinking I was gonna bet on the horses for the Derby. And then I just had cash sitting around the DraftKings app. So Of course I put that to work and the calves are down oh two. So I'm like, you know what? Good odds Right now. Good odds.


I'm gonna take 'em in this series. Yeah. Big disappointment last night. Yeah. Down 41 and a half. Yeah, that was, that was, that was a struggle right there. Come on. Spite of fuck. But yeah, we're back in Cleveland next. Next game. I think we're back in Cleveland neither. Oh, all right. Here we go. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcast. 92 Percenters. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up all. We Got a great episode coming live from New York City. We're gonna break down all we know about the NFL schedule, which Right now currently is nothing. Spoiler alert. 'cause as of this taping the schedule comes out tomorrow. We'll get more to that later. Sorry.


Yeah. We've got two incredible guests with us. You might know them from their podcast. Fitz in Witt, ho Ho. But they're coming on our podcast as Ryan Fitzpatrick and Andrew Whitworth. That's right. Two NFL Legends. Walter Peyton Man of the Year. And most teams played on in a career. They're both here today. That's, That's no way. That's true. I mean, it's gotta be close. At least started on how many teams, Brandon? Do You know? I think 13. If it's 13, that's It might be 15. It's a lucky number. It is a good number. Rams Bengals. Bills. Okay. Titans. Texans. We asked for a number. Brandon Dolphins. Nine Washington.


That's it. Oh, it felt like more. That's it. Okay. Honestly, I thought it was more. Yeah, he tricked me into saying 13. That's right. I'm a tricky guy. He tricked me into saying 13. Alright. But before they get here, we're gonna start, as we always start with a little bit of that new news. New news.


New news is brought to you by American Express Coming Express in Hot.


Alright. The NFL Schedule release is here. Well, not officially as of this recording. This is being recorded Monday. The schedule release is coming out tomorrow. We do know some details coming out though. We will comment on those Right now. Eagles will open the season against the much maligned Dallas Cowboys that That's right. Cowboys Eagles. Some would call it America's team. But it's been a while since America's been great. If that's America's team. So Eagles are gonna kick off the Cowboys at home for the 2025 season. Jerry Jones gonna be pretty pumped to see a banner come down in Philadelphia. Eagles, Lincoln Financial Field as they commemorate Super Bowl 59.


That's an electric game to start the NFL season off one of the oldest rivalries. Think it. I think that's true. That it's definitely one of the most heated. That's Huh? Yeah, I mean, there's, there's babies born saying, fuck Dallas in Philadelphia. I think it'll be a great game, A great game to see if you know Dallas'. They've made some moves. They've done with, have they made some Moves? Well, they drafted the, the kid Tyler Booker early to fix their offensive line has been having issues as they've lost Tyran Smith. And now Martin, My guy, is my guy dad gonna be backed? I think so. Yeah. So they added Tyler Booker to kind of fix some of the offensive line issues they've been having. They've, they had the best offensive, one of the best offensive lines in the NFL for about a decade when they, Travis, Frederick, Zach Martin, Tyron Smith.


Smith. Yeah. Now all those guys have moved on. Zach finally retired. Congratulations, Zach. It feels great. You're gonna hate yourself a little bit, but you'll get over it. Fuck off. So they drafted that kid. Hopefully he can pan out for him. Or hopefully not if you're an Eagle fan. They also added George Pickens. Yeah. Pick from Steelers. They, they actually did make some moves. Huh? They got, Well, that's a big one to me. 'cause Pickens and CD Lamb. That should help out Dak. Those are two good. It's a combination right there. Oh yeah, It is. Yeah. They got a good tight end. They got, got obviously a great defensive line. Great. When you have an opening game, you want it to be one that people can get excited for. And Eagles cowboys.


Yeah. That's like, you're going to like watching that on tv. You're gonna feel the hatred and you're gonna feel how intense these NFL teams hate each other. Yeah. I think the NFL is done, right? Yeah. Down 40. It's, it's a great, I think the NFL ever since they've gone to this, like whoever wins the Super Bowl opens the season up. Right. They've gone to that mold. The fact that the season's gonna be kicked off with this big of a rivalry game. There's gonna be a lot of noise around it. People are gonna be talking all off season leading up to it. It's gonna be electric. Other big news, the other big rumor I should say is that the chiefs are gonna be opening their season against the Chargers in Brazil. Yeah. This was, this was posted by Yahoo Sports. Is that official?


That's, I don't know if It's kind of a yellow check mark, Yellow check mark's Good indicator. Pretty official Indicat that It's kind of official, but it's still X. So, you know, you just don't, I Mean, that's, everybody gets news these days. Yeah, you're right. But it didn't come from the NFL. It doesn't look like It didn't, It came from Eric Fisher front office sports. So Yahoo Sports posted this from front office sports, which is Even more official. Yeah. Front office. That's an official Position. And Oh, the NFL is closing in on an agreement. So it's not, it's, it is just that, it's a rumor. Well, it's says the charges will host the chiefs in Sao Paulo in Brazil week one.


This doesn't come out till Wednesday. Yeah. Yeah. We're definitely playing in Brazil. Yeah. I also heard those rumors. So I can't skip this next question. Travis, do you know anything? All right. Should we take new Heights overseas? I mean, I'll be there not to do a podcast. Not To do a podcast. Yeah. I'll be there playing football Pretty busy. Yeah. In the fucking heat. Well, I mean, we can still both won't be over there. I wanted to go last year when Philly played there. By the way, the field was atrocious last year. Well, the old field thing. I mean, it was noticeably that the comment, Listen, the guys were slipping all over The place.


They were, they were slipping all over the place. I'm gonna play with our shoulders over our toes. Yeah. I mean, listen, you're, it's a fair point. Tell what? It was a bad field. They weren't slipping in Orleans. I'm just letting you know where you're seven studs. This guys were not slipping in New Orleans, could we? Yeah. No, they're, I didn't see Firm Footing. Yeah. I was slipping in New Orleans. Yeah, I might be, I might be able to hit both of these. This is pretty awesome. Talk About Brazil. I Don't know, man. That's a good Question. There's just something about getting closer to the equator that I, I don't want to put a on football uniform doing that. Especially In September. I've been in Jacksonville in September, and that's fucking miserable. Is Sao Paulo, is that like by the water? Is it gonna be Sao Paulo? I don't believe. I think it's, it's Inland.


I believe so. That feels better. I like That in my mind. You like that More? I'd rather it be dry than humid. I'm a sweaty, I, I like when I'm in, there's Definitely water around Sao Paulo, but I think it's rivers or something like that. Right. Brandon, can you do some geography for us? Yeah. There's rivers. Yeah, there are rivers. Google map it. There's a Source of water. I, I will say this, if it's humid, I'm gonna be miserable. I'm gonna make, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm prepare to Be miserable. I'm gonna be, you're surrounded by the Amazon rainforest. This is a good point. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a Lot of Think it all about the Yeah. That whole thing they got down there. Yeah. No, I'm, if it's hot and humid and kind of what I'm expecting, I'm gonna be miserable.


But we're gonna find a way to get a wind, you know. Okay. Brazil. Te what? TE test. Yes. What language do you like speak in Brazil? Portuguese. Do you know any Portuguese words? No. All right. I went down there for the World Cup. That's Spanish. Fuck. What's Portuguese? It might be Portuguese Youth. There's a lot of crossover. Not really entirely sure. Which words do and don't. I do know AB is. Thank you. What about, And I Think it's Nova Res. I Think it's CE is a beer. I believe What? Nothing. So, yeah, it's gonna be Humid. I'm definitely gonna have to ask the, the equipment guys to have a couple jerseys. Okay.


Definitely maybe three pairs of pants, because I might go through a pair and warmups. Nice. And definitely one for each half. I Can sweat, I'm assuming. Yes. Nowadays we can dry the gloves in between series. So I won't need too many of those. But definitely, probably maybe four cleats. I might just go through a pair every, like I'm going to be sweating so bad. Yeah, you are. I would be ready for all of that. And switching out your socks, those shoes will get sticky Socks. Yeah. I gotta my thank you. Nothing worse. Gotta make sure like soy shoes, dude. Soggy, step in the shoes and sweat sweats coming outta the Like a sponge. Well, when you squeeze a sponge, I Might, I haven't been to Sao Paulo since I went for the World Cup.


Yeah, You've been there. Tell me about it. What's, what I gotta look forward to. You know, I spent most of my time in Rio. When I was down there. I was only in Sao Paul for one game. The stadium was great, the game was fantastic. But as a city, I don't remember much of SA Paul. It kind of just felt like another, Seeing the city major Metropolitan area stadium was dope. Although the grass last year again was terrible. So hopefully they fix that this year. Also, we also have the holiest of new news to switch gears here. We got a new Pope. That's right. Since we last recorded, we have officially got the first ever United States of America. Pope. Did you know that? Yeah, I've heard the news. Okay, So it's not town's Finest. I heard. Apparently it isn't that new of a news.


We know it. He also did, you know, he's delcos finest spent time in Delaware County, Philadelphia. Okay. Now, yeah. Is there some like, like how, like, you know, somebody would go to the NFL is there, like I actually do think you go to, you go to like a really prestige high school that you go to like Alabama or the SEC and then you go, is there like something in Delaware County that's like the SEC of Catholicism? There Is actually a very historic notable seminary school there. I don't remember what it's called. I've driven past it. It's Gore. This is right next to Villanovas campus. Okay. It's probably called like, I don't Know if that's where he pre Pope or something.


Huh? Pre Pope. Yeah. Well, this is the first Pope ever. So it's probably not called pre Pope, but there are a lot of diocese and clergy folk that come from that. Do you know like the qualifications for a Pope? For a Pope? Yeah. Probably have to be a bishop. I don't, I, is that how it works? I, I'm not Catholic. Neither of us are Catholic, so it's hard to know this. I wanna know how a young lad from the streets of Chicago. Well, you gotta be pretty, make it All the way over. Gotta be pretty devout. Obviously you can't have sex. That's a big rule. It's a big one. It's one of the ones that I remember Somebody getting outta Chicago without that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you wanna leave Chicago if you're not. That's How I'm honestly, they're probably like, he made it outta Chicago without any intercourse.


This guy could do anything. Yeah. This guy's convicted Sky not getting distracted one bit. He is locked In. Yeah. This, this fucker is locked in. He believes That book. And in the nineties when the Bulls were fucking studs, What do you think he's gonna fuck Michael Jordan? Whatcha talking about Two? The city was magical was the electric. We went to ES ESPN zone around those days. That ES ESPN zone. And it was fucking, that was sick. That was sick. They also had a Disney quest I believe, in downtown. Yeah, they did. Yeah. That was fun. That was epic. I don't remember getting any pussy, but it was a lot of just great time. It was everywhere. I remember.


All right. Travis, back at Tight End. U Hey. Attending the fourth annual Tight NU in Nashville, Tennessee. Yeah. A summit for the best position in football. Okay. The greatest position ever created. It's kind of more like the tight of end, the most of like ambiguous position ever created. It's like a, We get to do everything Jason. It's our fourth year doing it in an old n Vegas, Nashville, Tennessee. Nice. Vanderbilt's always been kind and letting us use their facilities and get just north of 80 tight ends throughout the league to, to come up, spread the, spread the wisdom, and just have a good old time. Raising is Only N settings. Yeah, pretty much.


No college settings? Not that I know of. No, No kids. I mean, What Do you guys not like kids? No. Who Does a football camp without fucking kids? Tight end you. What Do you guys talk? You guys Talk about? Yeah, my guy Greg Olson. Tight Ending. George Kittle, the Kittle and the entire Kittle family really helps out doing Rubicon sports. Shout out to Rubicon. Yeah. Everybody's, we always raise funds for the Boys and Girls Club. Oh, there's a kids. Yeah. And we do end up bringing kids in there for a little camp. So You just don't tell 'em anything about Tight End. Correct. Job security. Smart. It's all fun at that age. It's all fun at that age. What is one thing you've learned at Tight End? You, One thing I've learned at Tight End U That you're willing to share.


You've been there three times. For a guy like me, it's, it's more just like reassurance. Sure. You know, hearing Gronk up there two years ago, talk about his mentality, how he, how he would get on the same page with Tom Brady and stuff like that. That was really valuable and stuck with me. Yeah. How did, how did he get on the same page? Well, it's just one, a lot of work. There's a lot of, a lot of time spent, you know, finding your way out there to practice. I think Julian Edman said it the best. He, like, he, when he couldn't go out there and practice, he was like, man, I just, I can't be at the top of my game for my, for the people around me. So it was like, that in itself was like reassurance. And then hearing Gronk up there talking about that and talking about his mentality on the field and just trying to be the best teammate he possibly could for the guys around him.


I think that really, I don't know, made sense in my head. And I connected it. Cool. You trying to come out the tight end U for a day? I Can't. I want to. It's in between. Run around. Run around On the old Pitch. I, I would love to run some routes to see If you, I mean, you're down weight. What are you down Right now? Dude, look at these. Look at this guy. I'm about two 70 Right now. I think. Guy two 70. That's why I played last year. You can play tight end. Can't. No. My ankles and knees and back won't let me. No, that, that's, it's getting bad. That's just your mind. I Don't know if it's like the moment you retire mentally your body retires too. Physically because I'm just like str. I'm trying to lift weights. Jason, I talked to you Strained week When you were playing and you were saying the same thing.


Yeah. But now it's like actually an issue. Yeah. My ankle playing golf last week is inflamed. I can't squat now because my ankle hurts. Yeah, That's, I can bench bench. 'cause I sprained my, my pack. That's because you wear flip flops when you play golf. No, I was playing the, wearing the G four. Shout out to G four. Free marketing. Good for you guys. Yeah. Free marketing and your, the people wear your shoes. Their ankles hurt. That's A good point. I guess it's not the best. Sorry. G four. I got some good ones for you. Do you? Yeah. Alright, cool. I'll pub it even more. We got some fun events this year for not just tight ends in the NFL for everybody around the Nashville area. So You guys are doing stuff with kids. What the fuck? Right Now with kids? This is, well, a little bit with the kids.


Who are you doing with then? Fans of the FL. Just regular fans. Yeah. That's cool. Tight ends. That's even cooler. Fans of tight ends, Fans of tight ends are nobody That was fucked up. I'm not gonna do this 'cause I like creed. I like creed. So I'm not even gonna fucking throw shade at you. Fucking you throw a ball through your legs, Jason Through through touch a ball every snap. Who's more Important? You apparently do that Every snap. I gotta touch that ball. You can throw, you could five Yards in between your legs without looking and then block into, You can just find a way to get to the quarterback here. Here. It's a big third down.


All righty. We got the garage Beer caddy contest. I don't know If you guys know this, but Travis and I golf in an event out in Tahoe, California called the American Century Classic. Last year. My caddy was not, other than our own intern. Brandon Travis always has our hometown friend Katie. Jason finished last. Last year. Third. Third to last. Did you really? Yeah. I think I don't short change me. Don't. My first, my first year. I think I was down there too. Listen, I got Reddit working on fixing my golf swing. So look out. So Travis always has our good friend Pat Bacon as his caddy Patty bakes for city insurance. Cleaver's finest baby. But We did decide to do a fun garage. We get better Every year. Yeah. He's bringing great vibes. All right. But we are doing a little contest this year. We're doing a garage beer caddy contest. We thought not only do we have our bags that need to be caddied, we also need a beer caddy. I think we might be inventing it. I've never really heard of it, but I'm excited to unleash this. And we're looking for your help. We need somebody to caddy our beer for all three days of the Amer. Is it just one day for however many days are stipulated by the terms of the contract, we need you to carry beer for us. Help us drink it. I kind of do. I Think it would be cool if they had, if they carried it like in the, like the cups, like the, the old stadium beer guys. You got the harness around your shoulders and you're carrying like that, right? Yeah. Not like a cooler. Just have a tray of beers. That'd be pretty dope. It would be pretty dope. Are we allowed to do this with garage beer? Have we talked to anybody over there? I'm assuming somebody cleared it. Nobody cleared any of this. This is hilarious. We'll find out. They have their own sponsors. I'm, I think we need to, I think we need to check with American Century. Nobody Said anything yet. This guy is, why Are you acting me? I'm just reading what's on the thing. This, there's a whole sign. This is your idea. This is not my idea. This is, well this is our idea. This Is Garage beer's idea. So we're all in on it. We, we had a beer caddy last year. Jonathan Thomas's son. Yes. Shout to jt. Yes. And his son. Hope he wants to, I mean, listen, If you wanna apply, you can be the caddy again. This is crazy. I didn't, I thought this was just to be your caddy. No, no. I didn't know this was a beer caddy. No. Beer caddy. This is specifically just to carry beers. And if we can't do garage beers, we'll just do cups. They don't wanna, I mean if there's like a sponsorship infringement, then you just, you just liquid. Glad we thought about this. Yeah, I think it'll work. Did. You can do it for Jason. Alright, So this is to be Jason's beer cad, who will also be playing with Travis. No affiliation. Everybody in American's history had nothing to do with this is all Jason. All right, that's Fine. I'll take it.


All right. Film Club reminder. We will be back next week with our Sand Lab review. Little Smalls banding the jet. What else am I missing besides a bunch of characters? Wendy Peppercorn. Very overrated by the way, right? No, she was So hot. I think she was just hot because she was like the only woman that was at maturity that showed the entire frigging movie besides the mom. Well, when You're comparing her to the catcher, yeah, Of course she's gonna be hot. I think you're gonna watch it and be like, alright. She was hot. Alright, We'll find out.


There will be a review and we will be reviewing the hotness of Wendy Pepper Warn. Now we're gonna judge you Actress that played Wendy Peppercorn. I, I already know you're hot, huh? That's new news. Brought you by AMERICAN EXPRESS. That was rough. It was, but we got through it. Yeah, we Got good editors. We'll Be because you guys are listening. That's why we're here. We Got good editors. That's why.


Thank you to our presenting sponsor Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking with Allstate first. Right? Like, you know, to check if you've got the right ingredients first before you start a new recipe. That's a good one. Yeah. You gotta make sure you know that like you know to check if you've got enough gas first. Yeah. Before heading out on a big road trip. You Know to check if avocado is ripe first before making guacamole check Versus smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're In good hands with ALL STATE savings. Vary subject to terms, conditions and availability of ALL STATE fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois. Like I said, good hands


Now. A moment brought to you by American Express. That's right. What is your unforgettable trip experience? Travis? Ooh. What brought you there? That's a great question. Was it Love? Yeah. Interest in traveling. It was traveling to London last year. Curiosity, unforgettable. I'll never forget being on a stage in front of what felt like a million people. No matter what kind of traveler you are. American Express Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Enjoy access to centurion lounges at airports worldwide. When you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast. How about that? Plus The Global Dining access by resi. That's right. You'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum card to your resi profile. That's the powerful backing of American Express. Don't leave home without it. For full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with amex.


One more thing before we get to the fits and wit episode. Thank you to our partner DraftKings. Shout out Draft KINGS. Shout out to Draft KINGS. Shout out Draft KINGS. That's right, that's right. We've got a lot of NBA games going on this week. So let's have our intern intern. Brandon. Hi. Constructed to pick six on draft Ks. Pick six with his favorite picks for the weekend. They flew me out here just for this segment. Nice. All right, let's do this. Let's do this. We're in New York. Let's do Jalen Brunson Moore. 27 and a Half Points. Love it. Love it. Villanova. Oh, Let's just have fun. Anthony Edwards Moore. 27 and a Half Points. Okay. Alright. Those are my two. I believe in them. Both of these picks in this episode. You feel free to use them or do your own pick set. By the time this episode comes out, you'll know if I was wrong. Oh, that's a good point. Yeah. We're doing our best. When you tape on Mondays, you gotta do what gotta Do. So we should do a Cleveland one. All Right. For Cleveland we would do Evan Mobley. Nice more points. 'cause I think he might be the only Cavalier starting. And let's do, let's do in the other series, I'll take Joker. I'll take Joker more points as well. Alright, there We go. Those are my two for the other Series. That's our pick set for the game. That hasn't happened yet. We're just sharing two picks today. But you can make a whole set of the pick six app. Now you get up to six picks. Correct. You at a minimum will get 25 times your cash Whoa dunk on your competition. And it might be worth 500 times your cash. Whoa. That's the type of upside what pick six and what it provides. If somehow you've gotten this far into the NBA playoffs and still haven't checked them out, what are you doing? You can get a new customer offer. All new customers who pay $5 will get $50 in bonus bucks. You can take that $50 in bonus bucks, which is basically free money. Now that everyone knows about some of the awesome picks that are available on DraftKings, pick six. You're ready for the game available in most states, including Texas, California, Missouri. Get in the action now. Download the Draft KINGS Pick six app and sign up using Code New Heights. Pick six and pick upside Gambling Problem. Call one 800. GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


Our guest, You know those creepy stories that give you goosebumps. The ones that make you really question what's real. Well, what if I told you that some of the strangest, darkest, and most mysterious stories are not found in haunted houses or abandoned forests, but instead in hospital rooms and doctor's offices. Hi, I'm Mr. Ballin, the host of Mr. Bain's Medical Mysteries. And each week on my podcast, you can expect to hear stories about bizarre illnesses. No one can explain miraculous recoveries that shouldn't have happened in cases so baffling. They stumped even the best doctors. So If you crave totally true and thoroughly twisted horror stories and mysteries, Mr. Bain's medical Mysteries should be your new go-to weekly show. Listen to Mr. Bain's medical mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts Today are here.


They have combined for 33 seasons in the, that's fucking insane. Damn. Fuck Yeah. Three, three seasons in the NFL together. They have two First team all pros, four Pro Bowls or Walter Payton Man of the Year, a Super Bowl championship. And they hold the franchise record for five different NFL team. God damn. We think that's very impressive. Well, one of, one person does, sorry, 92% is, please welcome the host of the fits and wit show, Ryan Fitzpatrick and Andrew Whitworth. Did I get that order right? Is it fits? And it is Fits and we, I mean some say win and I didn't know, I just wanted to make Thank You eight Percenters to say that.


Well done. Thanks for joining me guys. Thanks for joining us. Fuck yeah. We got the NFL schedule. That is the brand new part that has come out. You guys are on the Black Friday game, is that right? Yeah. Ooh. Black Friday game. Now we wanted to ask, we are headed to Philadelphia. You're coming To Philly? We're coming to Philly, yeah. For Black Friday. We need some Advice. I wasn't asking for advice. I just wanna stay at your house. Oh. If you don't mind even luck. OSU Now I also wanna bring my family. We, we got a whole, we got all room. How many is it? Nine. Seven kids. Seven should be 11. 11 kids between the two of us. If you don't mind, listen, this sounds like You just sounds like a good time. The the only thing with Fitz coming to the house, you just gotta make sure the attic is locked.


Okay. Because he will find his way. He's going up there into Your attic and he will just Start bringing things down. I still wear that t-shirt quite a bit. We still have it now. I heard though that that mural that somebody had given you is now gone. Yeah. Is that Now part of the It's gone. Yeah. It didn't make it past that. I actually realized that. Okay. People can go in my attic and grab that. I need to get rid of that. Yeah. I wanna apologize for that. Hide in. Yeah. I apologize for, it was our first Thursday night game ever Epic. Yeah. And it was the Chargers I think. And the chiefs. Chiefs chargers. And we went over to Travis' house afterwards and had a grand old time. It Was Travis Had some bangers after the games. Had some bangers. There Was not a lot of furniture in the house, but there was a lot of things that we got into in the Yeah.


T-shirts. But that The, the basketball hoop. The basketball hoop In the living room. Living room. We put some holes through the, through the walls playing two on two. And that thing, not this time when they were there, but in other parties. Yeah. That was a fun house. It can, it can get rowdy. It was a fun house. It can get Rowdy. Play a little flip cup. Little, yeah. It's, it was meant for after game parties. Yeah. Okay. That's why there wasn't a lot of furniture. I don't want people sitting around. Yeah, you're getting active. Yeah. You're here to fucking party or you're not. You're Shooting free throws. Yeah. We knew. We knew when we walked in and he had a full-time bartender. It wasn't just for that night. He was there every day. What was, do you remember the bartender's name? I'm gonna guess Reggie.


Reggie. Reggie or Harry. I didn't know which one else. Yeah, Ray Re, great guy. So Chicago at Philly. You guys are welcome to stay. Okay. Thank you. It's 15 of us. Do You guys like the Black Friday game? This is the second year they're doing that. Right? Third. Third Year. Third year. I like the Black Friday game. Yeah. I I think it's great. Yeah. Obviously, I mean obviously we're used to Thursday nights, but Friday during the day, kinds a change up and Yeah. Get a little Thanksgiving action in whatever city we're in. And that's where we're, you know, looking forward to the meal. Yeah. That's gonna be provided at the Kelsey house. So we will get it. Yeah. Room for 15. Really easy. I got a Turkey fryer. Okay. Every year I leave the oil in it and I have to get another Turkey fryer. I do the same thing. I I, I take a power. I try to, I take a power washer like the next year and try to get everything out there.


But Yeah. Get another No chance. Just order another one. Instacart. Yeah. Putter Ball or whatever the company is. They're killing me. That's how, but that's how you know the thing's working. 'cause you just eat the Turkey and you just sit there and you just get lazy. Yeah. You just get heavy and you're, you're just Thanksgiving. And I'm not about to go clean that fucking thing out Right now. I'm gonna do it another day and then that another day just never comes. Yeah, it does. It doesn't. It doesn't. Are you, you guys also have Christmas day? You wanna tell, you wanna break the news to Trav? Well, here's the best news. We get Thanksgiving at one Kelsey and we get Christmas at, oh, Christmas in Kansas. Christmas In. You gotta locked the attic this time.


Are you kidding me? No, you already know. You can. Okay. There's actually a bigger ask. This is a bigger ask. Christmas is huge. We got store gifts for Yeah. You Know it Well, we don't got a store gifts. Santa just needs to know where to go. You're Right. Yeah. Yeah. I got, yeah, I mean we got chimneys. Okay. Okay. Yeah. We gots gold. We Got chimneys. Yeah. And we got furniture now. So Do you really? Yeah. Did you make those decisions or how did that It was an executive decision by myself For the betterment of everyone. Yes. Okay. Kidding. I was like, I need some furniture. So I, I don't know what time that game is at yet. Yeah. I Don't, we will be the last game of the day. So it'll be nice. So we do Christmas morning together or will you be Yeah. How do you wanna do that? Prepping for the game?


How is that gonna We do a Big Christmas breakfast. Yeah. Christmas breakfast. Okay. Last year I think we, we were obviously in Pittsburgh but it was a day game so Yeah. I don't know How but that was Netflix. Yeah, good point. Netflix. Good Point. Yeah. We're not, we Don't talk about that. Good point. So nice. We Don't talk about them. We're Excited. Little Christmasy With's we got, So we got the, who do we play Broncos at? Chiefs Broncos. Yeah. God damn. They're getting good too. They are getting good. They're getting a good one. They gotta be a banger. We beat 'em by block field goal last year down to the wire. And then they smoked us when we didn't play 'em last week of the season. Well But yeah, we don't count those. Well you played them. Yeah, we played Them. We don't count those.


You could have set the NFL record. Oh yeah. Well 17 games is different. Don't count it. Alright, well where do we wanna start guys? We wanna start podcasting. How's the podcast going? How's rough? No way, dude. It's not great guys. What Ways Great social clip. No, you know we had a good first season. First season Wrapped squad. Yeah. First season wrapped was in, you guys are all wrapped. We did 25 episodes. Really? They put out a feel it or say is this gonna work or not? Who Are these people? Yeah. But we do have season two coming up and I Think it worked. Yeah, it worked. Hell Yeah. We'll back Baby. But it'll be, it'll be somewhere around when the NFL season starts up.


So you guys Are completely done podcasting from now until the start of the season. That's what they said. Why have we not tried this model? This is really good model. I I, I don't know. Yeah. I think you guys have proven yourselves that people want the content. They need the content. So it's a little different. Yeah. Well summers off sounds pretty nice. So we were, we were talking about how you could have played guard in another life before the show Who was talking about that. And I just want to kind of get into it. What do you think would've made you a good guard? I think Right now I've always had a big butt. So I feel like the squats is part of it. I think it's A good base. Is your foundation. Yeah. But I How's Your ankle flexibility? Pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah.


Pretty good. I didn't want to insult you by saying, oh I'd play, but I feel like it'd be more of a natural center than I would. I was gonna say, what is your, on the importance of you playing Well, how important is having a good center on a scale of one to 10? I would say I'm gonna put it at about an eight. Really? Yes. I thought you were gonna low Ball it. No, very important because Was the senator doing much work for you? So it de it depended where, where I was. Right. And so I bumped around quite a bit. Now when I got to say New York and Nick Mangled was there, I wasn't coming in and being like, all right Nick, this is my show. I'm taking his call captain now.


I'm the captain now. So. So in that sense the center can take a lot off your plate. Sure. Right. And and that being said, there's also times where, you know, there's some, there's some arguments in game of You saw this. I saw that. Yeah. But the blitz meetings and things throughout the week, if you've got a good center that's on it and he's training the other guys, yeah. That thing goes really smooth. So he takes a lot of work off of my plate for Sure. I would love to follow up with that one. Were you ever wrong when those conversations got heated? I like this follow up. You guys would have to have Nick on. You know, I was only wrong with protections once in my career once and I slid the line one everybody one way and London Fletcher came the other way.


Whoa. And fractured six of my ribs. I would, I would argue you were wrong twice. But So I was wrong twice. The first time I was wrong. Witt and I were teammates. There you Go. Oh wow. Thank you keeping an here. I appreciate now he's being honest. Now we can get to it. Now this, This has nothing to do with a protection call on the field. It had to do with what happened after a play happened. Okay. You guys remember Big John Henderson? Oh my gosh. Big bad John. Yeah, Absolutely. Okay. 2008 Cincinnati Bengals or oh and eight Were oh and eight at the time Playing the Jacksonville Jaguars at home. And I was a young guard trying to prove myself fresh Off of him Getting slapped pre. Yeah. Pregame. Oh, fresh off the slap. He's getting slapped. You know how this goes, the skill guys, Chad Johnson and TJ Usman decide during the TV time out were beating Jacksonville.


They were pretty good that year to start talking trash to big Bad John. Yeah. That's the best. He gets riled up. So we start getting in some full on swinging sessions. Yeah. That leads to an all out brawl. Me and him going helmets ripped off. We're fighting across the field. That's a lot of Mess. Trav. What am I supposed to do? We Both get ejected. Throw your hands, both get ejected. It's kind of my claim to fame after that moment I became the captain. That's kind of the, like that I became captain of Cincinnati Bengals from that moment on. Basically because we were oh eight. I'd kind of called out the team on the Saturday walkthrough about being soft and we were kinda acting like some bitches. Yeah. And I'd never been anywhere where I accepted losing. And so said this going the next day, get in this huge fight, get ejected outta the game. We win the game. Come in on Monday. Yeah. Huge one for me. Me as a young guy, that was my first win as a starter too.


First win as a starter around Fitzpatrick. So there's a lot of, you know, congratulations going around. Fit is happy how OC stands up and he goes, the only thing I do want to talk about, we come in on Wednesday, we got our fines in from the fights. Oh you know, back then they did the halo rule. If you were within the halo of the fight, you got fined. Yeah. 10 guys on offense got fined. Guys, there's only one guy on the offense that didn't get fined on tape Run. You call yourself a guard, Run into the sideline Outta Inhaler, run into the sideline fight there by throwing heads in the middle of the east running the sideline. I told you before this started, I ran a four eight. Eight. Remember that day it was like a four six.


Yeah. It's quick. John Henderson's bigger than he is. Yeah. He's a big man. What am I gonna do? Seriously? What am I gonna do? Yeah. My man got up out of there. Yeah. It wasn't good. So He's been wrong with protection twice. He'll never let me live that down. Oh my gosh. Damn. That's a great story. I don't know how to top that we got, but Just, yeah. Now there there's no halo rule though. You would've been in there. Yeah, For sure. Thank you. For sure. Well and I have, towards the end of my career I had more money. Right. So Then it was like, Alright, so I mean it's a lot of money but like my rookie year I made two 30 so I didn't know If it was gonna last how many years I would be there. So more willing to write that check. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Makes sense. Let's talk small hands.


Let's talk small hands. Small hands. Yeah. There was a saw a tweet that came out. Kenny Pickett and Joe Flacco doing the exact same, same pose at the top of their drop with the ball right here. And how are they gonna Do Kenny Pickett? Like Joe Flacco's hands. I mean Joes Are fucking enormous. Yeah. Just because Joe has monster hands. Don't go after Kenny. Have You guys ever heard the term Dick beaters? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Joe's got some dick beaters. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He can touch his palm around that game. I apologize. It is insane. I've heard the term though. What you working With? What's good? So I, well I had to do thi I had to do this hand. Do you mind? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So. Oh yeah man. So here's the thing. Paint size, but I, so my thumb stretches down.


You're a fucking beater. I You have a weird thumb. Thank what's going on with that thumb. So Yeah, I'll say this. So the way they measure the hand Yeah. Is from that pinky all the way to end that Stretch. And so I dislocated this pinky so it's not as good as it once was. But I had the third biggest hand at the combine in 2005. Wow. No, in 2005. Oh Justin. Not just Quarterbacks like Of everybody. But the reason being is my thumb goes down. So like he's some good dick Beaters. Yeah. Thank you. He's got Bless. Anyways, I also, I also wanted to get a get because he's wearing a glove. Kenny's wearing a glove. Yeah. He's like notorious. He's been wearing it since college. Yeah.


His entire career. Peyton Manning actually I believe set the NFL record wearing a glove in 2015. Yeah. Have you Like, do you like wearing, I've seen, I'll say this. So Kurt Warner went to it too, towards the end of his career. When I got to Buffalo, I dabbled. Yeah. Just to see. I could have sworn but I, so I had, I had to wear one on my left hand 'cause I tore some ligaments in my thumb. But I couldn't do it on my right hand. I hated it. I absolutely Rain. Rain. I hated it so much. I was just, I tried a glove on my right hand for like two years and I had to Just the feel. Well Did you ever No, I tried to go full glove. Yeah. Really bad by my Snaps way. Can we talk, can we talk about your snaps real fast?


Yeah. How Do you know about my snaps Jason? I mean I used to watch, I used to watch film and be like, holy shit, that is a rocket Shot. You can tell by watching tape when I, when Jalen Hurtz had to switch his stance To this. Yeah, I know. I felt, I mean you would fire that pig skin back there because I need That hand back. I need to, I need to start blocking these Big boys guys. Speaking of guards, I'm pretty sure I just ripped my jeans. Did you really? Yeah, pretty sure I did. Alright, Well let's just remain seated for the remainder of this. Oh, who's talking? I can see your, So anyways, What Is the, so are there measurements that, like do you, what do you take away from the hand measurement test?


Do you think there's validity to that? Yeah. Anything you care about in a quarterback? Well, I'll say this, somebody like Josh Allen. Yeah. Like he's built to play football in bad weather. Right. Got it. Just body type hand size where he is from like just kind of his overall attitude. Yeah. So yes, I, there's some validity in the hand size thing for sure. But more of it is that the inability to stretch the thumb out. Yeah. But yes, for sure. And then it really comes to fruition when you're in those bad weather games when you play in a Pittsburgh or even a Philly or Buffalo. And you're playing in the elements all the time. Yeah. Now If you know last year Jared Goff, I don't have no idea what his hands are like, but like they played in a dome so many times.


So you're in those perfect conditions and it doesn't matter. But it seems like, and you guys could tell me 'cause I've never been, but playoff football, the elements seem to, You don't have no Experience. I, I don't. Are there any measurements of when you look at it where you're like this is a immediate red flag with a quarterback. Like if I look at a tagle and his arms are, If it says 32 wait, Is that I'm like very skeptical on whether they can play What you LSU guy, what were his arms will? Yeah, I think he was 32 ish. Was it 32 and a half or 32? Somewhere in there. Yeah. And half makes a big difference as though every woman knows Half to half to three quarters is a big deal. I wanna say he was somewhere in the 32 to 33 range.


This is, this is just, yeah, we're going Off rails, shorts. We're talking about dick beaters. All Right. I will say that something that didn't matter as much, which was like 40 time and agility. That matters a whole lot more now. Yeah. Especially with the systems that are out There. Yeah. The systems, the way guys play, the way defenses are playing. I think that that matters quite a bit now. Yeah. More than it used to. Yeah. What do you think about the arm length measurement for tackles? So much goes into what is their style of play? Like how do they play and what their other attributes are. So like if I think they have awesome feet. Yeah. Like a great anchor, those kind of things. I don't Think it means as much to me. Yeah. Because that just means they need to develop a toolbox that says, all right, I, I'm gonna get long arms, I'm gonna have to get hands off of me.


I'm gonna have to figure out how to get those hands off and use my feet to make some of these blocks. You Do like more aggressive short setting. Like Yeah. Flat. You look at some of these guys that love to jump up to get on a guy like that, that length doesn't matter in that setting Right now. Do you have a really strong hand? So I always say this like regardless of what it is, what If you know what you're good at and are you able to develop those things to be your strength? Right? Yeah. And so If you have shorter arms, then you've gotta develop the trait to get on guys faster. You gotta develop great hand strength so that when you do get your hands in there, they're never coming off. Yeah. Right. And so your ability to be able to kind of fine tune what it is you are will dictate that success level. So I, I say this with Oly and like we can get into measurements a lot of the times. Yeah. But like number one thing I wanna know is, are they one of those people who are like, I'm gonna chase it guy.


Like fuck it, I'm gonna chase whatever it is that makes me good. Yeah. I'm gonna chase that shit every day. So like to me, will Campbell, he's driven that way. Yeah. Like he is a, I'm gonna figure out a way to be freaking good. We're from the same hometown all around there. Alright. I've known him since. He's a kid there. He's grew up playing high school football and the elements of what New England's gonna be like playing in Fox score. Like he's gonna be one of those people almost. If you Think it like Taylor the, he's in Tennessee. Like he's gonna be an attitude. I'm New England, I'm a patriot. Abel's gonna be the guy pushing his buttons. Braves. I think it's just the perfect like scenario for a guy like Will to go there. Did you hear about Braves Running like one-on-one drills with him? Yeah. During his workouts and stuff? Yeah, I saw the pictures I actually posted the other day and I was like, I love this. 'cause it's like, that's what I dreamed of when he went there.


I'm like, all right, Abel's got his Taylor Lewan. Like he, this kid's gonna come in, he's gonna be like, Hey dude, don't worry about, not that you're against the vets, but you come in, I want you to be nasty. I want you to finish people like I'm gonna be in your ear all the time. Like you're gonna come in and be the tone setter for our group. 'cause you may not come in as a young offensive lineman and take over the room from a leadership standpoint. But you can come in and be like, I'm gonna bring some attitude to this group. And I tell the funny story about oh eight and Cincinnati and all that. But that was what I was, I was a young kid trying to find my way and I was like, you know what I do like to do? I love to fight and get into it and tussle and I'm scared of nobody. So this will be my role my first couple years when I get on the field. Like I'm gonna bring it, we're gonna finish plays. I'm gonna get guys pissed off. Like two weeks after that Henderson game, I played Albert Haynesworth.


That was the year he guy's contract dude with the Tennessee Titans. God, he got pulled outta the game in the first quarter because we were fighting every play and Washburn was losing his mind 'cause he wasn't rushing, he was just swinging with me. Yeah. Because I would just start every game like, hey, let's just get in a fight getting his head right. And so he pull him outta the game. So that was my thing as a young player and I think Will will be that kind of guy. He is gonna come in with an attitude and try to finish. Guys, Can I ask questions to whi please? Yeah, ahead. This is great. This is so fun. So later, later. No, I'm just asking later in your career, were you like, like when, when you were at the Rams, were you like that or were you more of a finesse guy if that? You know what's funny? I don't know if I just looked old and miserable, but guys didn't really mess with me. So it was just, you Had the reputation Didn't I didn't, I had the reputation. You know, there's not a lot of Walter Paint many years that have been ejected twice.


So, You know, I kind of goes with the award. A guy that no Symbolizes the sportsmanship of the game. It's like, Hey, listen, this guy's really nice, but maybe he's so nice 'cause he's that fucking crazy that I don't wanna mess with it, you know? There you go. That was kind of it. I always say my favorite story where we were playing in Washington against the Commanders, and it was Chase Young was a rookie, and I'm in a TV timeout and I see him talking to Monte Sweat and he's like, then he starts laughing. He is like, finally he goes, Hey, hey big fella. Like, I'm looking at him. He goes, you really? 39? I'm like, yes. He's like, holy shit. He was like, man, I can't believe I'm going against this dude is just 39. And you gotta remember, I always faced out. So I stared at whoever I played the whole time.


I never turned into a huddle, so I would be staring at him the entire game. So he is like, this 39-year-old dude looks old as shit is just staring at me all game. Like I would find a way to talk to him. He's like, are you actually 39? Man? Hilarious. Yes, dude, Just never Looked in the huddle. Nope. Time out. Is this a rule or this was just an Andrew Whitworth What I've always Did. The only other guy I had like that. You remember Big Willie Colon? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. But Willie, towards the end of his career, he just didn't want to have to, that extra step he had to take to turn around. And He was always so bad that simple, he Was just trying to limit his footsteps up to the ball. I got a, I got a quick question. You, so obviously you spend most of your career in Cincinnati, St.


Louis, or not St. Louis, Los Angeles Rams, your training camps. I don't know where they were when you were there. It just came out that the Rams are going to Maui. Oh, oh, mini camp. Mini camp. Mini camp there. We were always there. They, they'd been talking because these new partnerships you see the teams having where they're going, you know, trying to get out of the US and develop all these partnerships across the world. Part of theirs is Australia and then obviously Hawaii and so on the way. And so I think this year was like a big emphasis. They want to move mini camp there, so I'd be pretty cool. Like, I mean, that's pretty good. You always hated having to go to mandatory mini camp, but mandatory mini camp in Maui sounds kind of sweet. So I'm actually, I, I'm gonna go with him, so I'll, I'll get a chance to.


I'm team just a great teammate, You guys. You guys need anybody to help out with bags?


Thank you to our partner. Draft KINGS basketball fans. It's crunch time. The NBA playoffs are heating up and every game is do or die. With the finals on the horizon, there's never been a better time to get in on the action. Right now you can play along with DraftKings Pick six, A fresh and exciting way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who play just $5. We'll score $50 in bonus picks to keep you locked in all post-season long. Getting started is simple. Okay, all you're gonna wanna do is download the DraftKings Pick six app now sign up with Code New Heights. It's as simple as that. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like, hey, will they score 20 points or more or less, or have three or more or less assist lock them in and compete against others for a huge shot at huge cast prizes. Download DraftKings. Pick six app now and sign up with Code New Heights only on draft kinks. Pick six, the Crown is yours. Gambling Problem Call one 800 GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six.draftkings.com/promos.


The show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy and it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid iv.com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier and get 20% off your first order with code New Heights at Checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun. Liquid IVs got your back. We've Got your classics like I acai berry and lemon lime. Those are always solid choices, but get this, they even have pina colada. Break The mold and own your ritual. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How about that? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights at Checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code New Heights at liquid iv.com.


I don't know if Matthew, you can figure out how to get on the golf course. I could help him get out there. Hey, I thought Andrew came on this trip. He hasn't been to practice one time Staffer and I'll just go play golf. It's just like When we used to do the Pro Bowl in Hawaii, right guys? Dude, you remember that? Well, never. I never did it. I visited when Andrew and Travis were in it. Yeah, That was epic. I got to hang out in the pool. It was the best old Turtle bay. Oh, forgetting Sarah Marshall. Yeah. Oh, yep. Wow. What was it like going from Cincinnati's offense to the new Sean McVay style, like run, play action heavy? It was beautiful. Makes it, I mean, living in a world with Hugh Jackson and Jay Gruden where it's like, you know, a lot of empty and a lot of stuff where you're just in drop back protection all the time to all of a sudden like, hey, we're gonna run, run, play action.


Only throw, you know, really in situations the team forces to To drop back. Pass, yep. Was absolutely beautiful. Not to mention like small thing being that I was 35 years old, so going from playing on turf every week as a home game to now, I played in a division. When you think about that at that time, it's like a lot of San Francisco, Arizona, and then LA Yeah, all grass. And then Seattle's your only turf field, but it's a pretty nice turf. So really I go to a situation where I'm playing tons of grass games. Like, I was like, dude, I feel totally different. It's warmer. Yeah, obviously that that was, it's crazy. A pretty epic move. I mean, playing West Coast was pretty insane. You don't like turf? I fucking hate it, man. I Hate it. Oh, you feel terrible. Yeah, it the night, it's night and day. As soon as we moved to SoFi, like obviously SoFi is amazing, but just the the feel you have walking in on Monday compared to walking in off that grass on a Sunday.


It's night and day. I can't practice the week after I played at turf. You you like turf. I loved it when I was Young. I Didn't, I never notice a difference. Never noticed it. I don't know what to tell you. Yeah. All right. I didn't really do that much running. You did lead a team in rushing though. I Did. Yeah. That's so insane. How many yards did you have again? Like 236 or something. Big Russian Attack. That's gotta Be, that's gotta be NFL record. What was Y'all's record by chance? You know, you said earlier since he, we started on eight that year we started at least oh and seven. Yeah, I would figure, But, but that year, the last game of the year, we went to Foxborough.


Oh, this is the Tom Brady game And we beat New England. Which games? Somebody Home Field Advantage. And the Super Bowl Is this Tom? You're welcome. Is This Tom New England or is this I think that was the quarterback that Yeah, I think that's who it was. Oh Yeah. Was he mad at you? Shake your hand and tell you. I'm trying to think if he was still there when that Yeah, that was his last regular season game in Foxborough guys. Yeah. Yep. That was the handshake. I remember it. That's great. Kevin Harland. Yeah, Kevin Har Call, dual call there. He was calling our game and the doing game at the same time. Great. It was crazy. You Played in how many different systems? I know he played with nine different teams basically. He didn't know that before this, by the way.


Don't let him fucking lie to you. He did not know it was 19 before this. Yeah, we thought it Was, honestly, we thought it was more. Oh, okay. We were taking the over on it. No, it was nine. I'm just like, Right now we've listed, you should have been a guard If you played for like 20 teams. How do you feel about yourself today? You good Bud? I, you l team in rush Have a guard body. Yeah. Long ago I learned not to really care about what people say about me. So You know, I, the thing is though, I played on nine teams, but it wasn't like collecting three teams in a year. It was all like, I started on nine teams. Right. So like, it was like I, I played first couple years, it was two years, two years, four years.


And then legitimately at the end of my career, it was like either one year or two year moving. Every year. Every other year. Yeah. Which, I mean, as you know, you have the, all the young kids and stuff. It's like, you think about my wife, we have seven kids in seven different cities. And so it's like the amount of moving that we did and they came everywhere I went and then we had to pick up and go, okay, school, sports, you know, regular life. Were they homeschool? Were you homeschooling 'em or No? No, we were just making New Friends. Just making new friends everywhere they went. So That's awesome. Yeah. Now my oldest is getting ready to go to college guys. Yeah. Think about this. He told us this. Cleveland Heights, I think talked about this on one of our first podcast episodes.


His kids, but 17, 15, 13, 11, 9, 7, and five. Oh no, you gotta, they all turned to the next year. Yeah. So now we're even 18, 16, 14, 12, 10, 8 and six there. There you go. Oh my gosh, man, is that crazy? Like, that's nuts. See, he read it off and I go, wait, say that again one more time. You have what, what, eight to 17, 15, 13. I'm like, holy shit. It's a lot. It's a lot of kids. Our first Year in Thursday football, he brought 'em all to Chicago and I'm like, dude, let's get some dinners. Like, like let's go. And he's like, yeah, sure. Call the places that take 10 tops. And I was like, Oh My God. That's right. That's right. We're getting pizza. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah, we eat fast food. It's like, oh, okay. Got it. Yeah. What was your favorite system to play in of all your stuffs?


So Chan Gailey, strangely enough, like he, so he was a head coach in Buffalo for three years when I was there. And then when I got to New York, he was there. And then my second year in Miami, he was there. So I played with him for three different teams. Nice. Kevin Ullo, who's now the coordinator Yes. In Philly. I had him two different places. And he is a Chan disciple and he's obviously done a lot of different things now he is got some Texas a and m stuff. And then obviously being with Siri for a while, but he'll have some wrinkles and you know, as you sit there and watch, I'll be like, okay, I recognize that play. I know that play. Yeah. But Chan was always spread 'em out, a left tackles dream, you know, empty, spread 'em out.


Yeah, baby. You know, spread the ball around. But I, I really liked him and part of the thing for me was just like, he infused a lot of belief into me. And so that was why I liked him the best. For sure. Yeah. I think it's one of the coolest things on Thursday nights before the game, you get those couple hours before the game, like him playing nine different teams. All these coaches that he's been around, I mean, it's constant guys coming up hug like, oh, he was, you know, quality control when I was in this place, he was this, and it's just like you're listing off head coaches, ocs dcs, he's been around him all like Stecco baby. I mean, it's crazy when you're sitting there like, dang, when were you with him? And he starts listening it off. Just the touch, you know, from playing nine different teams that he has across the league as well.


But you guys have seen it. It's funny when you have real young guys that are coaching, whether in Kansas City or Philly, and then they become head guys. And even like Jonathan Gannon, when I was in Tennessee, he was like the lowest of the low defensive assistant. Yeah. But there are those guys that you peg and you go, okay, yeah, he's gonna, he's gonna, he's gonna be something eventually for sure. We actually a, a guy we were with in college. I mean, how old was Jesse when he was at Cincinnati? Jesse Minner was the, I mean, wow. Did she, I don't feel like at the University of Cincinnati. I don't feel like Jesse's even getting older. He still fucking, he still looks, looks like he still looks some looks he guy. But when I was at LSU Sim thing, Adam Gas and Freddie Kitchens were our GA is Wow. Yeah.


When I got to LSU Freddie Kitch. Yeah. Yeah. No, Minner was my, was he was holding up the cards when I was How was the scout team? Qb. Wow. And tight end. I was scouts I was running dual thing on there just doing just an athlete. It, I mean, just ing the pissing off everybody on the defense. I didn't run the route on the card back then. Shocker. Back then. Do you ever Run the route on the card? Well, that's how I knew that. How would you Feel about the That's when I, that's when I figured out, I'm like, oh, they know this play. Yeah. How am I gonna get open if they know I'm gonna run that route? I'm not gonna run that fucking route. Do I wanna get open? But I don't know. I Gotta show these coaches, that guy what it takes. I don't, I don't think people give an idiot.


I don't think people give Patrick enough credit because it's not easy for handling it. It's not easy as a quarterback. And, and you guys obviously have amazing chemistry, like some of the best chem chemistry in NFL history. Yeah. For him to know where you're going to be and anticipate and it, it speaks a lot to probably the way you guys have worked in practice and over the years, obviously playing so much. Yeah. But that is not an easy thing to do as a Quarterback. Well, yeah. I, I'll, I'll try it out in practice and if I, I get either the ball doesn't come my way or Yeah. And then I know not to do it again. Okay. We'll do that one or Yeah, exactly. Or I'm, yeah, I'm getting the ball right in right on time. That's kind of how it, I, and Pat will let me know or he'll let everybody on. This isn't just a me thing anymore.


Everybody, if you're given a specific route versus a certain coverage, you kind of get a little bit of freedom and it's just, it's evolved over that. Well you have, you ever just, somebody just ran the wrong round. You're like, God damnit, he's open. And you threw it All the time Saying, Have You ever seen me play Travis? His eyes were closed most of the time. You kidding? No, I ha I did have, so there was a guy, Stevie Johnson, If you remember that name. I mean Stevie was so sick, baby. Yeah. And we just used to have the, I used used to give him the, the Y signal, which was you, do you, oh, that's, so then it was like, all right, he's out there by himself. You gotta get That. You do. You get the y That's a new one right there. No Route hitch slant, like whatever he wanted to do. Oh, you Had no Idea. Singled up though.


He was singled. So it's easier to do when you're in a three by one and you're the guy on the single side. You Anything else. Yeah. That being said, You know, I, he always got open so it worked well that Boy Stevie, Hey Trav, you're not the only tight end scored a touchdown here. Just in case. All Right. Now know that. Wait, what? Oh yeah, Babe. Little jumbo to end Little one for one babe. All you can be is a hundred percent. Listen, beer Scored on your birthday. No. Damn, we All my birthday. Happy Birthday. 12. That's a huge, that's a huge indicator for defenses. You gotta know tackles The end of your career. Jumbo. If it's the jumbo tiger, if it's His birthday, a alert Even better for be was in Pittsburgh opening drive of the game in the, did you guys win that game two?


You had to have. Oh, but the only, the only thing that is a cool step run, we still haven't ever looked it up, but I was the only offensive touchdown in the game. I don't know how many times has the left Tackle's been the only offensive only in the game. But it was the opening drive of the game. I think Carson Palmer threw, he threw me a touchdown, but he also unfortunately threw two the seat. He was someone to a lot of the wrong positions. Listen, A lot of guys that weren't supposed to catch it were catching in the game. You'll have to ask your buddy Ryan Clarke about that one. Are you sure? He was supposed to be covering me. You he, he was supposed to be. No, he ran up, up on the run. Let's just turn it in. We'll take his height. Yeah. Got Mo Ryan. Sorry Ryan, I gotta tell the truth. Yeah. Never had one. No, But when, when there's something late in your career, they speed Up late my career, they tried to gimme a, like a gimme touchdown by having a tush design where Jergens would come in and I'd take center like quarterback snap.


Yeah. But Yeah, got a report. Gotta remember that. But you, so you had it scheme, but you Never ran it. We were so bad my last year, the second half of the season. Ah. Oh because those plays are plays. It's like, hey, we're up 17 or whatever at the end of the game. Let's get Kelsey touchdown. It's like, yeah, no, I never got that. You didn't, yeah. Damn it. We were getting our asses kicked. Unfortunately. Whit, you played 15 plus years, is that correct? 16. Yeah. That 15 plus. I dunno why you went with 15 Plus's where He's working something in. I understand. How did you know it was time to hang it up? What finally clicked where you're like, you know what? Now that I'm 40, Honestly probably the amount of meetings I would like wake up in, in the sense of not sleeping, but like just be on my phone and realize that everyone's like walking outta the room and I'd be like, oh fuck, good.


I listen to anything Like, Let's practice today. Where are we going? But anyways, literally just, you get to that point where I was sitting in there and I'm like, you know what? I am not actually enjoying being in the building. Like, I love the guys, but I'm like, the whole day, If that's the case, I should have retired like 10 years ago. Then I became a skill player. That's really what happened. I became a skill player. You used to the skill guys falling asleep in meetings and, and being on their phones and everything else. But I would just sit in the old line rooms like so, and like Kromer one of the line, whoever the line coaches telling me, she'd be like, Whitt. And I realized like, oh, she's been saying my name and like, yeah, what, what's up? Like I have no idea what's been happening in here.


And I realized, you know what, man, this is not a good look. Like I'm kind of like, I'm checked out a little bit. I'm tired. Like, it felt like a grind every day to go into work. I loved the games. Like I still, even when I retired was like, I remember going in Sean's office, you know, a month after we'd won it and being like, I think I might, I'm think I might keep playing. And he's like, no. But I was like, okay. He's like, dude, as your friend, like you've done everything you could've possibly accomplished. Right. And you know, he Also won the Super Bowl two months ago. That's what I mean. He's like, two months ago, Walter Pay, you knew you were done. Like you'd, I'd already told him like, this is it. He's like, you, you stick with your decision. Like you're, you're good. And I was like, all right. And then six months after that, when they were three and nine, he was like, why the fuck didn't you keep playing?


We need you please come back. Because they had like, you know, a horrific year with the offensive line injuries and stuff. So it really wasn't about me as much as that. But it was interesting, like, You know, I I, I knew it and then when we went into those playoffs, it actually made it even sweeter because I knew it was it, but I didn't tell anybody 'cause I wanted to just soak it all in. And then things just started happening. And I'll never forget, you know, watching Cincinnati make the kick to win and they're going to the Super Bowl and I'm running out on the field to play the Niners in the NFC championship. I'm like, oh my God. Like going, this is crazy on Super Bowl. There's hell, there's no way in hell if Cincinnati's gonna the Super Bowl, I'm going the fricking Super Bowl. Yeah. So to end your career playing against the only other franchise you played for in a place that, that's crazy.


You know, you obviously were a huge part of, I couldn't have ever dreamed that would be the case For sure. So once that happened, I was like, this is it. Yeah. This Is the story ended. Yeah. This is it. And that's why I had kinda the epic moment with my kids there after the game. Awesome. To sit out on the field and it was like, it wasn't even a celebration almost. It was like a just piece of, man, this was the rod and it's over. Yeah. It was like, sit down with 'em and like, man, this is about to be sick. Well there's, that's there's nothing like telling you how much you're missing and you leave and the team struggles the next year. Yeah. Is that how you, is that how you felt? Yeah, For sure. Week four, I was feeling great. Week four was a great year.


What about you Fey? So I ended up my, my last year I was in Washington and I had a, so 17 years, relatively healthy for 17 years. I broke my tibia, but other than that didn't have a ton of injuries. I hurt my hip like 15 plays in to that game. And like for me at that point, I could have, I could still be playing Right now. Like I could have played forever as a backup and just kind of been and get thrown into a game and, but hurt my hip wasn't a great injury to have. And then it's like my kids are old enough now to where it's fun to be home and be more a part of that as well.


And the Thursday night gig, like having the weekends with the kids and not having to miss all the stuff that I missed over all those years. 'cause you know, my span we're talking about earlier is six to 18. So it's like, the weird part about my kids is my 18-year-old went to 10 different schools and my 6-year-old maybe will be in the same school district his whole life, you know? Which is a crazy thing. Wow. But yeah. That's Crazy. But it was time. It was time. Like I feel like my kids deserved it for me to step away. It feels like you were very much celebrated in every stop you had. What was your favorite stop of the bunch? I, I feel like New York fans Tampa. It definitely feels like Buffalo to this day Can hear it Everywhere.


It's still Buffalo. But Yeah, I, I would say there weren't a whole lot of stops, especially towards the tail end of my career that I didn't love. 'cause we fully just dove in. We embraced the community. Like everybody embraced us. Yeah. I would say certainly Bills mafia and Buffalo is, is probably where I align most. Where I feel the most love. But I had, I love playing for Miami. I love playing for Tampa. I love one of the two years in New York. But there, yeah, some great fan bases and great people that we met. Loved Houston. Like I'm gonna forget some, you know? Yeah. Like we, we had some, we had some great time. What about Tennessee? And You know what was funny Is Tennessee on paper, Nashville should have been the coolest spot and it just, eh, the number didn't Really do it was the number.


Yeah, it was the jersey. I wore number four there. It wasn't real swaggy. You were pretty square. You were pretty square bodied. That was the old number too. It was got Number wasn't tra it wasn't good. Wasn't great. Wasn't You wouldn't have approved of the fashion statement wasn't Good. Long as you got that beard rocking man, you're, you got the chest hair coming out. You're good. Alright, here we Go. Well let's go do we gotta ask. Oh fun. This don't, don't have to ask. This is how we wrap it Up. We don't have to answer, we have to ask. Okay. That's why it's called We gotta ask. You can tell us the fuck off is what he's saying. Oh Cool. Yeah, I mean you can have always done that Or you can just answer the question whit. Is it true that you used to eat five Taco Bell salt tacos and five bean burritos before going on dates in college? That, that is an accurate statement. I did to embarrassed myself in front of my date of how much I like to eat.


'cause I was a big boy. Yeah. Big man. So I would run by Taco Bell's. True. I would go through the drive through crush in the parking lot. Like go in, get some smell good on, you know, like go pick her up, don't smell like beans and then go, go. Yeah. You don't wanna smell like beans. So then I pick her up and like eat a salad, like at dinner, you know, like a salad drink drink. Wow. This guy really takes care of himself. Yeah. Wow. He really, He's really on top of it. That was the goal. I didn't wanna eat. That's amazing. This is great. Jason. Jason, what'd you used to do? Huh? I didn't go on dates. Alright, next question. This dude, did I steal your bit? Taking my shirt off in Buffalo? Is it your bit or is this just a buffalo bit? Ooh it is.


No, I feel like it's been a bit from the beginning of time when it gets cold that men take their Shirts off. You remember in Cleveland happen all the time. There be guys in the dog pound. Oh yeah. Painted up and down. You Know that I, I still feel bad that game we were supposed to get together that game for the tailgate. Oh we were, we were. And I got stuck in traffic. We flew in that day and I got stuck in traffic Bill Mafia over the Place. Yeah. And I was gonna show you around and didn't get a chance to, but I know you had a good time in the parking. The tell is inside. I still wanna go back. I'd love to go back with you. Yeah, I would love to go back just in general. 'cause Bill's mafia was spectacular. Big Tree Inn. Yeah. That place was awesome. Yeah, You hit it up. Yeah, No It was good. Well, but e but even where they're putting the stadium and stuff has kind of been condensed Right now because of the stadium and what they're doing there.


So next year, not just, it's gonna be a Better, Once once that seat, that stadium is done, it's gonna be insane. Nice. So I think filing Cabinet pizza guy is my favorite. Yeah. That pizza was, Yeah. I didn't have the Pizza. You went into the hammer lot, which Yeah. To the bowling ball. Get we were late to get the Bowl ball shot. Right. We were get like we got there pretty much when we were going to the game. Gotcha. So we gotta see Pinto around got get the bowling ball shot. Yeah. I would love to go there though earlier. Yeah. And get the the whole experience. Yeah. The filing cabinet pizza is, that's good. Pretty special. Yeah, it's a special place. It really like just engulfs you. It's a special place and you feel the vibe right away. And that's it. It's called the City of Good Neighbors.


Like for a reason. Right. It felt very, I even flying and I've talked to drafts about this, seeing the lake reminded me of being from Cleveland. Yeah. Even though You're not Leveland Lake. Yeah. Like there's like something where like this like weird ominous vibe is in the air from the way you rust Belt man. The snow. It was, we Got, we had two years in a row. First year was Cleveland Clinching playoff spot and was so cool the fan appreciation, everything. But then last year it was Cleveland. Horrible. Yeah. But the snow game with Jamis, he was doing the Snow Angels. That was insane. Snow Angels. But it, the fans in Cleveland are unbelievable. Yeah. There, there's definitely a tie there between those two cities and how die hard they are.


Yeah. Some in the lake. Alright. Big Whit. You played for Nick Saban at LSU. Can you give us, you got any good Nick Saban stories you can share or, I've got some really good Nick Saban stories. Plenty of them. A lot of them involve him screaming. But I would say probably my favorite, my freshman year, Benny Brazil, one of my best friends in life and I were going, so Nick would do, when the season ended, you would go in and have these one-on-ones with him and everybody had to plan your one-on-one meeting with Coach Saban. And Nick was a sports psychology guy. So his, he had the big huge chair, the little tiny chairs outside his massive desk. So, and the, you know, electronic door, the opens with the button, the whole deal. So you'd go in there and you'd just feel, and he'd temple you the whole time he is talking to you, the whole deal.


He's all into that type stuff. So Benny and I are waiting in the secretary's office, just like waiting for him to put in and we hear him like Nick episode going crazy, losing his mind screaming. We're like, man, what, what freshman's in there Right now? 'cause we're trying to think of who did something recently. Like got in trouble, man, I can't wait. Sue comes outta this office door opens up, he's hit the button. It's Skip Burman, who is the longtime baseball coach who had won like eight national championships or something at LSU. He was the a he was the interim. Or maybe just for a little while there, the athletic director. Oh wow. And he had like booked a game or scheduled a game or something had happened that Nick wasn't cool with. And this guy, I mean this old man, we're like, Ben and I look at each other like, who's going next?


This dude's like watered up. You can tell He's keeping it To hill. Oh dude. We're like, oh no. Like Nick's in one of these modes today. Yeah. Anybody can get it. Yeah. And that's how he was. But the coolest part about Nick is everything was for a reason. Like he was doing it. Yeah. Even press conference, people saw him in Alabama, whatever, like that was a lot of the time he knew he was gonna erupt on that reporter. Right. He knew what he had planned to say or or the speech he had planned to give. It's all thought out. Yeah. And, and it's, there's a reason behind it. And that's who he always was. And so once you kinda got to understand what he was really trying to get you to hear or what the example he was really trying to give you, you realize he's not that mean, he's not that hard on people. He's actually just always trying to teach a lesson every single day. And his sense of urgency is just rare.


Yeah. Like when you're around him, you're like, dude, we're gonna win because this dude's urgency to being great and chasing greatness is like, like nobody else's you've ever been around. So you started to like be less scared of him and more like, all right, what's he really trying to say? I'm just gonna ignore all the like fire and like, you know, he seems like he's trying to bite at you but he's really not. He's really just trying to get you to listen to something he has to say. Yeah. That's awesome. Do you guys have any, welcome to the NFL moments. What is your welcome to the NFL moment? My first two years probably, but go Ahead. Mine. Mine was very, that Might been John Henderson. Yeah. Mine was very wild coming out of Harvard. Yes. I was the NFLA Little bit different Fourth stringer didn't get any reps back then.


You weren't allowed to do OTAs and things until your school graduate. Well graduate. Yeah. Right. Yep. So like I didn't get to do any OTAs. I got to do a rookie mini camp and that was it. That's, that's bullshit. Yeah. So I played, I played a little bit in the preseason. Yeah son, you're Gonna have to Graduate from Harvard before you can join the, Wasn't until it was, it was until your class graduated. Yeah. Yes, I was still there. Yes. Yes. But you don't go there not to graduate. But anyway, I was the fourth stringer. I was going up against the guy Jeff smoker for the third string spot. Yeah. Smoke Michigan State. Right. Michigan State. Yeah. Smoke show. I ended up getting the third string spot. But look, I didn't get any reps ever.


Yeah, well we are like 10, 11 weeks into the season, mark Bulger goes down. So I'm the backup for the game. I get thrown in down 21 to nothing or 24 to three Epic. The first huddle, I'm in Orlando Pace, Isaac, Bruce, Tory Holt, Marshall Falk Shit. My voice is cracking. I love that huddle. I write slot zoom, big pitch left X quick screen. Right. Like oh my Gosh, well we ended up coming back and winning the game. Let's Go. How about it? Magic Style. And then I think I, we like to say I officially ended the greatest show on turf 'cause I started the next weeks I like to say.


But yeah, it didn't go great the next few weeks. But That was my First, that was my first huddle. It was like, am I gonna be able to make it for a year or two? And then I'm in the huddle and those guys are listening to me looking at me and I'm like oh my god. Yeah. I didn't know what to do. Yeah. It was crazy. That's Awesome. You know I had to go in obviously early in my oh six when I got there and got drafted. They had just signed Levi Jones, a left tackle back who had been a pro bowler and Willie Anderson had signed an extension. Yeah. They know arguably one of the best right. Tackles to ever play the game. And so I really thought when I got drafted, like I'm not gonna play at all. Yeah. And sure enough how the NFL works, you know, our left tackle Levi, you know, blows out his knee week four of the season. And I had only been playing like guard 'cause they didn't obviously just pay their tackles.


So they were like, Hey, you're gonna play left guard this season as a backup. And we had Eric Steinbach who ended up going to Cleveland after that year. Yes. So I'm like, I'm not gonna play Levi blows his knee out in the Tampa game. And so our eight got hurt before the Tampa game. So I go in, they're like, Hey, you're gonna have to play some left guard in this game possibly. So sure enough, Levi tries to play, can't do it. He's done. So Steinbo goes in left tackle and I'm left guard. We have a TV timeout and I see our O line coach like pointing down and he's like, I'm like, what's, you know? So I'm just trying to ignore him 'cause I'm like, I think he's pointing at me to go left tackle on. I like, not me, we're playing in Tampa. This is Billy. I've had zero Since Simeon rise like, you know, legendary Tampa game.


This is Paul Allen team. Oh yeah. And Paul's like pointing, you know. And sure enough, finally they go into Carson's headset and they go, Hey, you know, hey, Paul says you, he knows you see him like move you're playing. So I like, he knows you see him. I like move over one spot in the huddle. You know, like just begrudgingly like when you tell your kids to sit down, I like move over one spot and play left. Tackle the rest game. I didn't give with any sax. I'm not gonna say it was pretty, pretty, but I survived. Right. It was Simeon Rights on the road. And then the next week was my first ever start at left tackle. And it was Mike Rucker and Julius Peppers who at that time in the last, their, their two or three years together were leading the league in Sacks. So blanked 'em again, but Nice.


It was one of those things where like all of a sudden you realize this is what the life is, you know, and I think my third or my second start was Terrell Suggs on Thursday Football or something like that in, in at home and Cincinnati. I remember that story. Yeah. You start really realizing like, okay wait a minute. Every week I got one of these guys. Like when do I get the easy guys? When's the LSU welcome to the against the division? A similar, well not at all, A similar story but similar moment of my welcome to the F moment. Nobody really knew it happened, but me and the guy that I was blocking. Yeah. Right. Like oh yeah, there were no sacks. That's how our life is. Right. Nobody knows anything. So I'm going into, I'm, I'm a rookie, I'm playing Dallas, they're running a three four. So a lot of five O calls and they got Jay Ratliff at nose guard. Yeah. Quick little J Buck.


I never played a nose guard head up, didn't know how to pass at it. Howard Muds tried to teach me at midweek and I'm like trying to figure this out. 'cause most of those guys are in a three four. They're just two gap, just, they're not even gonna rush. And I am having a rough one. Like I don't know how, I haven't given up a sack. He's beating me for like four pressures. Who? Who's the quarterback? The quarterback would've been Michael Vick. That's probably how he did that. Okay. There you go. There he's, now we know. So I'm like, the game is three quarters over. I've been having an awful night and I get called for holding and I think it's a bullshit call. I'm yelling at the breath. That's bullshit. That's not holding. And I look over at Jay, I'm like, You know I wasn't holding you.


And he's like, son, I've been whooping your ass all night. I figured I earned one Of those. Like I guess I'm done talking to Jay. Yes. As a young alum, I feel like you get some very welcome to NFL Moments. For sure. There's no doubt hip tosses just completely bold. Run over. Oh Everybody check out the fits and wit pod coming back during the season and we'll see you guys on Christmas in Kansas City baby. Oh Yeah. Oh we'll see you in Tahoe And yeah that Oh nice. The American century. Yes. American At the American Century Championship. So sorry. Yes. American Century. American Century Championship That happens In Tahoe. Yeah, that's right. I forgot. We gotta keep Job Kansas City Brand.


Appreciate you guys doing that. Alrighty. And that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thanks for tuning in. You can subscribe to New Heights to at New Heights Show on YouTube or any place else. You else. You get your podcasts. Yeah. Make sure you're subscribing on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and follow new Heights in the Wondery App or wherever gets a podcast. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and New Heights is brought to you by Allstate. You're in good hands with Allstate. Isn't that right? Jason? Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week and thanks to our production and crew for always making us look better than we are.


92 Percenters. Thank you guys. Fits and wis you guys. God damn it. I got it baby. You did it New York. I am looking at Jason's tits Right now on PGA tour. He's trying to Get. Oh My God. No, no, no. What about the 8:00 AM thing with your beater? Oh, when you had the wife beater on that was your tits. Were hanging. Do you shave your ribs? It just rubs. Do I shave? Do you shave your ribs? Tshirt rub? No, That's friction from the shirt because your Ts are covered with hair and your ribs are nothing.


Listen, it's, I don't know what part of evolution made my hair grow like that, but that's just how it happens. You have hair on your inner thighs or no? Probably not. 'cause of the rub. Mine don't look Like that. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Everyone has that friend who seems kind of perfect for Patty. That friend was test away until one day I texted her and she was not getting the text. So I went to Instagram. She has no Instagram anymore and Facebook. No Facebook anymore. Desiree was gone and there was one person who knew the answer. I am a spiritual person, a magical person, a witch, A gorgeous Brazilian influencer called Cat to but who was hiding a secret from Wondery based on my smash. Hit podcast from Brazil. Comes a new series, don't Cross Cat, about a search that led me to a mystery in a Texas suburb. I'm calling to check on the two missing Brazilian girls. Maybe get some undercover crew there. The Family are freaking out. They are locked. I'm Shiko Ti. You can listen to Don't Cross Cat On the Wonder Rehab or wherever you get your podcasts.