
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today what I do? Suck the head. There you go. Oh. Code four to five. Two exacts, baby. That's all we need. We can go do the bar after dog. Smoke that crawfish head. Nice. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen.


A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go Way back in the BUFFALO WILD WINGS. Order Wings for takeout and delivery today over at Buffalo Wild Wings. Go Ladies and gentlemen.


Hell yeah. We're in New Orleans, Louisiana. If you couldn't tell Jason Fresh off of boy, is it Bourbon Street? Bourbon Street? Yeah. Golly. I think I might've been there once. We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kel. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey at the Super Bowl. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s 92 Percenters. As you know, we are here and the time is now. What are we here for? Well, we're here for a good old rematch. The rematch and Eagles baby. Re the Fuck. Why wasn't I invited? I think that's why you're here. You got the invite. Alright. Should have been. You're playing in the game.


My knees don't work anymore. Drift. That's how it works. Damn it. No, I just, I'm gonna have to just drink hurricanes and hand grenades to forget that I'm not playing the game, so I can't, I won't have to think about it All week. Watch out. That'll get, get you kicked off the team. Why don't you tell the people what we got coming up? Dude. Incredible Episode for you guys. We're gonna eat the Travis's thoughts on the Super Bowl. We're also gonna talk about a little bit of New Orleans food and drinks. We got two incredible guests in Peyton and Elijah Manning. It's gonna be a fun one. Can't wait to get to you guys first, as always. New news. New news. Coming in hot.


That's right. New Heights. Pod one Gold again. Yeah, that's what we do. Ladies and gentlemen, we are just, we're excellent. And when I say we, our production, yeah, They edit this very Well and I don't know how they get good shit outta us, but you, you guys love it. And we appreciate you guys. New Heights took the gold in the best Sports Talk category in 2025 Gold on the Sports podcast awards. Wow. Yeah. Gold medal baby. Are we even sports talk? Huh? Are we even sports talk. I mean we, we talk and we talk about sports sometimes. So yeah, That counts, right? I think that's what sports talk Is. Nice. People listen to us because of sports though, right?


Like half of them. Nice. Well, thank you guys enough to get a gold medal over at the Sports Podcast Awards. We accept your gold. We don't. We could. Do people deny gold medals? I might. I know you would. That's why I'm what was, but this one you accept. Well, that's why I'm asking what this thing looks like and who, who's giving it to us Sports Podcast Awards. That's got insane. Best Sports Talk podcast. New Heights with Jason and Travis. I mean, it seems like a legit award. They have a cool logo sometimes. That's half of the battle right there. I Feel like all this stuff is just like, they're just trying to get us to tweet it so that they can be affirmed as an established Thing. Well, it worked Nice. Thank you guys over at Sports Podcast Awards.


Jason, why don't you tell everybody else what else we got. Travis has won the 2024 Walter Peyton Man of the Year Charity Challenge. Oh yeah. For Those of you that don't know the winner of the Walter Peyton Man, the Year Charity Challenge is decided on a fan vote on x slash Twitter. Congratulations Travis. Oh yeah. Thank you. Thank You very much. This is the second time winning this award. Two time winner. Two time Winner. Who's the first time, the first two time winner? Am I the first two Oh. In the charity challenge. Nice. So in the charity challenge, you're now, she's the first back to back winner in NFL history. The Chiefs are going to try and be the first back to back to back Super Bowl winners. Okay, I see where you're going. Which one is more important? Back-to-back. Charity Award winner or back to back to back Super Bowl winner.


I think the charity will thrive more if I win the Super Bowl. So you're saying the Super Bowl? Yeah. So you're saying the Super Bowl matters more than the kids in your foundation? God damnit. That's tough. I didn't say that. See, I trapped him. I I away from second. He fucking bear trapped me. That's son of a buck. No, and that money will be directly injected into the city of Kansas City. So thank you guys for all voting online. I'll make sure that everybody over 87 and running does some good work with the shout out to everyone Who voted. Shout out to everyone who voted. And all seriousness. Travis and the 87 Running Foundation does a lot of fantastic work. It does. The city of Kansas City. It does. Even in Cleveland. Back in our downtown. Yeah. Yeah.


Absolutely. Yeah. You know it. So shout out Trav, let He go. Let's do it. Let's do it. Nice. Jason on the call with the Pro Bowl. Hey, If You want call that last bit of new news. We got Jason in the booth over there in Orlando for the Pro Bowl watching the Flag Football game, huh? That's right. Yep. How was it man? How was it on the, the other side of the Pro Bowl? I mean, the Pro Bowl is just a blast. It's fun to be down there. You get to see a bunch of the best players in the world kind of being on the same field together, having fun, celebrating the Fact that watching the Avengers Beast like Team up. Yeah, for sure. And Play like superheroes of the NFL. Yeah. And I think that what they're doing now is better than what they did. I mean the football game that they were kind of trying to play was pretty, it was pretty boring to watch.


It was a tough thing to even be part, part of. Here's the problem, to be honest. It's tough to be a part of. Here's The problem. Football is only good if people are trying to kill each other. I've figured that out. You're not lying. It's Not a fun sport if you're not trying to kill each other. That's kind of the Yeah. The intensity and the aggression is what makes it inherently awesome. Yeah, I So when you're not trying to do, it's like, what the fuck are these guys doing playing football for? And that's what it kind of felt like when you were playing it. That's what I like out there. I Like so I'm not, we're just kinda out here slapping hands. What are we? And then there'd be one guy trying to one Guy, there'd be always be one guy. Yeah. And everybody like, why is that guy trying to play football? And you're like, fucking ISS playing Football. What the fuck's wrong with this asshole? We're just trying To have fun.


We're all unioned up with this fucking Guy. Yes. You just trying to win a Toyota. Why Are you trying? I want get, you can buy a Toyota. Want the mvp? I want the MVP to get the free car. It like, yeah. Well I won the MVP. You still have to pay for the car. So anyways, what they're doing now, I feel Like the taxes on a genesis aren't as low as you think they are. So Shout out to Genesis. Yeah. Shout out. Shout. Shout out to the red rocking man out and Dalton shout me a deep cross. Yeah. Shout out to the 60% Touchdown. Alright, so we got what they're doing now with flag football. People will try for flag. That's a more like they'll have Fun with it.


Go lucky. Lucky. Let's go have fun. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not here to kill anybody. And Then you got the skill event. So now it's settled into something that is more, you know, appropriate to Yeah. Kind of be in. And you still get to see some highly skilled people do flips into foam pits. I feel like they should do dodge ball with footballs. Mm. Dodge ball with footballs. It's not a bad idea. With Nerf balls. Yeah, No. Like a full on Like Duke. The Duke. You go with the Duke that would hurt. Hit you in the face. Oh You, how bad do you wanna win? Yeah. It's a lot of guys that can't throw a football. Surprisingly it would expose. I can't throw anymore. It would expose some guys I can't throw Anymore. There's some players in the NFL that I've seen Try and throw Football you to all the way back there and just, yeah, Just Come down.


No, you can do It. You can still get one in. That elbow is tight then It's gonna get tight. Yeah, It's bad. But no, the Pro Bowl was awesome. Being up in the booth was great. I got a good bit of advice from Dan KY. Shout out to Dan. I was going to Nice. Danielle. I went To Orlando. I went to Disney the following day with the fam. Nice. And Dan gave me the shout out, said, Hey, go to the Daah bar Animal Kingdom two Jungle juice. Ooh. It was perfect. Alright. Damn. It tasted great. Perfect level for walking around with a bunch of kids. It's ideal. It really made the safari 10 times better. Did You, did you, did you know where was that? Rhinos Are moving. I don't give a fuck.


This Is great. I love it. Shout out to Dan for the secret to the secret to animal candle. Yeah. It was the best. Was it cold around the park? The last time that I went down to Orlando for the Pro Bowl, it was actually freezing. Yeah, it was Like that last year too. It was cold. But this year it was like 80. Nice. It was perfect. Sun was hidden behind clouds. What you want at 80? You don't want sun out with 80. That's things are little, little dicey. Real Swampy down there. But no, it was good. It was good. Temperature. Found out. Scott Van Pelt doesn't like rollercoasters. What? Yep. SVPI Found a lot of times with taller people. Now you're pretty tall. You like rollercoasters. I'm in. I was not in when we were kids though.


Took me to become a Man. I feel like there's something to do with like height, Millennium, Dude. The millennium force. Creamer, the Millennium. I used to have nightmares about the millennium. I think that's, maybe that's why when I, And and I always, you always loved going on it. It's the best I would. It's the best ride still to this day I've ever been on Millennium Force. Cedar Point, Sandusky, Ohio. Best rollercoaster there is on the planet. I don't care what anybody Says. I mean, it's hard to argue that one. Yeah, well you Can't, 'cause I just said I don't care what, what you said. When I, I finally went on it, it, I went on all the rollercoasters and then finally was like, all right, I'm gonna do Millennium Forces. This is like when I'm like in high school or maybe even when I was in college. But yeah, I When you get to the top of that thing. Yeah, because it's right on the lake. It's, it's on Lake Erie and Sandusky, Ohio.


It's beautiful, Picturesque. By the time I got on there, the sun was going down. Mm. And it, the, everything was kind of shining off of the water and I felt like the whole thing was just gonna fall into the water. When I got up there. I about blacked out. Yeah. It was terrifying. That's a bad feeling. And then I overcame my fear. Yeah. And I didn't black out. That's why I keep trying to get my kids to just go and do stuff. 'cause I feel like that's how I overcame. You just go do it. Yeah. And they're like, oh, that wasn't that Bad dude. That's how hockey was for me too. My kids will not do it. They won't do It. I didn't ice skate. And then, I Mean, they can't go on anything that extreme Right Now. Dad literally just threw me out there and then pushed it always worked for came at me. It's like pushed like a walker at me. Yeah. Like an old person's walker That always worked for us. I like used it to like get up and then he was like, do a lap.


Yeah. I was like, all right. And then by the time I was, By the time you go the lap feeling great, I don't need this thing came over there. I was flying around. Couldn't stop though. Couldn't stop it. Doesn work. I figure That out. My kids though, they just act like I'm being like a bad dad by forcing him to do stuff they don't wanna do. That's part being dead. Yeah. Yeah. I respect it. It's, well, not Kylie doesn't, she's like, I have to deal with this. Like, they'll be fine. Trust me. Trust Kylie And Kelsey did this to me. We'll Be good from experience. I'm just gonna spin this little teapot around. Don't trust me. Yeah. Don't trust me either. It didn't work.


Look at this guy. They don't. You're gonna, you're not gonna trust this guy. Look at him trusting this guy on. Who doesn't trust Somebody with ask. Alrighty. We're done talking about the Pro Bowl. We do wanna talk about what everybody wants to talk about in New Orleans, which is a little bit of food. Ooh. And a little bit of drinks. That's right. All right man. As with a lot of the shows where we are remote, we like to do some things that are culturally specific and nothing says New Orleans. Like alcoholic beverages and weird foods. So we're gonna eat some Right now. First up we got fried alligator and a hurricane. Just been sitting. We got gated nuggets.


We do. Travis, I'll get in on some gator nuggets. You'll eat Alligator. Yeah. Travis, you won't eat alligator. Eat. I'll eat all All You won't eat Rabbit? Nope. You Won't eat Too Gamey. Duck Gamey. How Do you know? You just, If you, I had it. So you'll try meats. You just don't like white sauces. I'm not trying that white sauce. That's won't tartar sauce. Yeah, I'm not, that's tartar sauce. How do you know that's tartar sauce? I Think it seed from here. It's pickle on it. It's got pickles in it. It's tart sauce. Yeah, you're observing. Alright, I'll try the, the, the half may we'll go. I'll try the half May. It's alright. Let's go. I'll try. I'll, I'll try the tartar. I'm, I'm not afraid to tartar up. These are pretty good. They're a little gamey little game, but I'm not gonna lie.


But I'm, it always tastes so similar like chicken. It's the fried that They did have a smoked alligator. That yum. Yum. Sauce isn't as yum. Yum as I thought it was gonna be. Oh, try the tartar. No it's real. Yum. Yum. No, you got it. You got it. The Gimme some of that, that gator. It is damn good. Gator don't play that Shit. I had some smoked alligator at Eagles tailgate because it's very traditional cuisine of Philadelphia as well. And it tastes a lot like lobster. They, they catch those fresh every day. Right outta Delaware. Nice. You're gonna clean that whole plate, aren't you? No, I'm done after this.


'cause we got more food to review. But I'm gonna get to this hurricane. You got, you got the hurricane. It can't be, can't Be out here Drinking like that. I know what those things do. Who made this? Technically Hailey made it. Hailey, can we get Hailey in here? What's, what's What, what is name of her name? What the recipe. Where'd you get the recipe from though? I've had these Pat O'Brien's mix. Pat O'Brien's mix. Larry O'Brien's brother Thought that was Pat O'Reilly. Yeah, that too. Chuck. Chuck, Chuck. Oh man. That would've been awesome if he would've just, I forgot to put the mix in.


What is that? It's Fucking rum. It's just straight rum. I think red with some, some red food coloring. Get some Grenadine in that thing. Get an ACCELERATOR. Get a, a cherry ice pop. That always goes well with them. Man. That's really good. I love hurricanes. I'm not gonna lie. Feels like the most significant part of that is cherry. There's a cherry. There's cherry in that thing. I have no idea what. Yeah, cherry. It's Pretty good. It's pretty good. What else is in there? Big guy. Cherry. There's some orange in there. Yes. You can see it. Gimme some, gimme some Outside of that. I don't know. I don't know what else. Orange. Orange. I'm getting a strong cherry and orange flavor. Cherry And orange rum. And an Overwhelming amount of Captain Morgan.


Captain Morgan. Is that It's not Captain Morgan. It's not spiced. It's Unsliced. The old Brent Sellick. I got Brent Sellick out there fucking helping the Eagles defense. I saw you Brent Bear Catt for life. My ass. I saw that shit. Zach Urch was texting me About it. That guy's fucking, he's telling him my moves. He's showing off. Do you Think he knows your moves? Yeah. I'm, I'm not gonna lie, he was pretty spot on. I watched the video brand. That's exactly how I run. I know exactly what you're, Know what you're telling them. Gonna have a few changeups and curve balls and sliders and knuckle curves. I got all types of pitches. So fried alligator. What are you thinking? How are we rating this One out of 10?


One out of 10. Honestly, I'm giving that a six. Six. Nice. Alright. And I don't know what that means, but we both were on the same page. Travis, you have not had this hurricane, but you have had hurricanes. I have had hurricanes in the Grand scheme of drink drinks that you would walk up and down a street with. Where does a hurricane rank? Yeah. I like, I'm, I'm a like Long Island kind of guy. You're gonna walk up and down a street with a Long Island. Yeah, no, you, you, you drink a Long Island at like a clubhouse bar. Like at a, like that's not, you don't walk up another street with a Long Island like a sailor. It's Just like, it's like a, just like jungle juice. It's just like a bunch of shit that you No, it's way different.


Long Island is like a classy jungle juice. It's a Classy jungle Juice. Yes. Long Island is what you get at like a, you get at a bar, you can't walk around with a Long Island. It's not a walking, walking around. I thought it was a walking around and sip kind of drink. I Don't think so. All right, well then what are we, what's a, I mean all I know are just bourbon. Bourbon Street drinks. Bourbon street drinks. Yeah. I mean they are, I learned my lesson Most synonymous with walking around with TI don't do walk around drinks anymore. Jason. Yeah. Remember that time I got an open container in college? Did I ever tell that story on here? No, please. I was, I just turned 21. I just turned 21 and I went to a house party in Cincinnati and the cops come to like, tell us to shut the fuck up.


And the cop walks through the door and he and everybody starts running 'cause there's a bunch of underage, like, I was like barely over 21. Everybody else is like under 21. So they start skidding and I'm like, I'm good. I'm good baby. I'm drinking a, drinking a beer in front of the cop. He's like, do you live here? And I said, I'm 21. He said, I did not ask that. I said, alright. He's like, do you live here? I said, no. He said, I suggest you get the fuck outta here. And I'm like, all right. Yes sir. We start walking to another house, we're like four blocks away and like, I'm, I am not exaggerating.


We are like maybe three houses before I'm in that front door. I reach into the case, take a a can of beer out, crack it. Whoop guy pulls up, rolls his window down. Same cop. Well, well, well, If it isn't Mr 21. Oh, he gave me a ticket so fast. He's like, I'm not, you know If you know this, you're not allowed to have an open container. And I was like, and he left one of his deputies behind to like, give me the ticket. Oh yeah. And the deputy's like, yeah, you can drink the whole thing. I don't care. I'm, he's making me do this. And I was like, yeah, I deserve it. That's what happens. For sure. That's hilarious.


All Right. That's enough food and drink for Right now. Let's toss it to Peyton and Eli. I'm sure they'll be able to give us their ideas of where a hurricane and fried alligator rank and their Oh yeah. They're definitely Pros. Expertise with New Orleans. Ole Miss. Ole, miss New Orleans. Where is Ole Miss? I think it's in Mississippi. Well, I know it's in Mississippi. I didn't Oxford. Thank you. It's in Oxford, Mississippi. Jason, Before we keep going with the show, it's time for Travis to get outta here because he can't be here for this next segment. Joining me now is our good friend intern. Brandon Our good Friend. We've only got one game this weekend.


What game parlays are we gonna build this week? I am looking at Pat Mahomes two plus passing touchdowns. I like That. I think with the game on the line, the chiefs will go to Pat. I think they're Gonna run some of that shit at the goal line again. We're gonna see some corn dog we've never Seen before either. They're gonna leave the ball in Pat's hand. I like That. And then Jalen hurts. And anytime TD score and that is rushing. I think that could be a touch push. It could be maybe some quarterback design runs. Yeah. And I know this is one you have, you have your specialist in this coin. Toss Tales never Fails. Those Are our three picks. Pat Mahomes over two touchdowns. Jalen hurts anytime. TD Scorer and Tales.


Once again, new Heights is brought to you by DraftKings. Those of you who haven't checked out DraftKings yet can get a new customer offer. All new customers who bet $5 will get $200. And bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings app and sign up using promo code New Heights. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio


Every game day needs Wings, especially the big game. Ooh. When you pre-order your Wings for the big game from Buffalo Wild Wings Go, you get six free bonus or traditional Wings your next visit. That's right. So when you're dialed in on fourth down or singing along during halftime, we got you covered. All you have to do is spend $25 or more and be a Blazing Rewards member. Ooh. A Blazing Right now. And while you watch the big game in New Orleans, you can have some Louisiana flavor. When you order your Buffalo Wild Wings. Go new Cajun sauce for a limited time. Jump on that for the Super Bowl. So get your pre-order in for the big game and you can get six free Wings on your next visit to Buffalo Wild Wings. Go Buffalo Wild Wings. Go order Wings for takeout or delivery today.


All right, I think it's time to bring on our guest. This has been long, long waiting. Oh yeah. And we're, we're happy as hell to get you. Jason, why don't you do the honors and give them the intro. You Got it. Trav From Newman High School, New Orleans, Louisiana. Woo-hoo. A combined 18 Pro Bowls, four Super Bowls, three Super Bowl S two Walter Peyton Man of the years. And one of them is still undefeated in the pro ball. Please welcome Peyton and Eli Manning. I like That. There we go. I like That. Jason, we're just gonna bring you with us wherever we go. Give a second dude.


I'll, I will gladly be your your guys' permanent hype man. I think down here he actually comes with a band. I think it's like a whole thing. I want to get one. Do you guys know a good band? That can be, yeah. New Newman High School. Got a good marching band or what? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Solid. Really solid. Solid, Solid. I could, I could think of a few others that might be a little better. We can start with Newman. Let's start off with the, the Pro Bowl. Man. You guys went head to head down at the Pro Bowl? Yep. And yeah, Eli got the Threepeat. Yeah, you got the Threepeat dog I think. I think. How's it feel? How's it feel? Just Peyton's officially on the hot seat. I think as Coach saw some breaking news headlines kinda Adam, She Around social media.


So I mean, if he, if he does get fired, I will, I, I'll probably hire him as my special team coach. Next team quarterback coach or, or you know, water Boy or something. You know, I mean, I mean the problem is, you know, just to be honest, is that there's a lot of pro bowlers every year that are starters that just happen to be on the Chiefs, but they're not eligible to play in the bowl. Very fair. Because they're in the Super Bowl. So, And I'd be a game changer in that game for you, Peyton. I, You know, I would Travis, I I I kind of blame you and Patrick. How's that? The chief's fault. The chief's fault. Yeah. Chief's resent. Eli, I do gotta ask you.


I Was that your idea with Turin? Whose idea was that on defense? Just blitz turpen. Every single snap. I thought that was genius. Yeah. You know, these, there's these, these special teamers, you know, they kind of have rules around we, we want the offensive guys playing offense. Defensive guys playing defense. Yeah. This, we had two special teamers, you know, that we don't have any special teams. We, there's no, there's no kickoff returns or punts. So there's kind of, they can freelance, you can use 'em however. So I said, Hey, I told Larry Foot, I said, you know, Turin's, your your special, your special blitz guy. He, he can, he's fast. He can run, had a couple sacks. He's not gonna get tired. Like you don't have, you know, the first series we were were rushing some outside linebackers.


They, they were kind of rushing in there because they don't wanna drop. These guys are professional rushers. They're not drop guys covers guys. But then Burrows running right by him. So Turpen got the, got the, they got the call pretty quickly. I loved it. I loved it. P we also had your son Marshall out there maybe throwing better than all the quarterbacks there. I mean this was a, I think we got a clip here. Is every, does every like manning get a chance to throw the pill? Are they just like, it's just in them to be able to, to huck it or what? Well it's kinda like, I kind of got told Eli, we were not raised to be kickers. We were raised to be quarterbacks. And so that's kind That commercial by the way. It's, It's kind of all we know.


Can't, can't, can't outrun anybody. Certainly can't kick. But yeah, look, that's kind of why I sort of sort of coached the Pro Bowl Travis. I mean my, my son Marshall for the past three years gets to warm up Joe Burrow, you know the best quarterbacks in the NFL. I don't know how you beat that. He's playing catch with Jamal Chase and you know Pat and go with Justin Jefferson. So what a cool moment for him. The kid in me is so jealous of of Marshall. Man, it's, that is such a cool opportunity for him to go out there and have some fun with the gang. I'm sure he is absolutely living it up, man. Oh no, no doubt. He loved it. And like I said, I'm not happy about losing Eli and I feel like If it has to be like a brother's thing coaching the Pro Bowl and I cost Eli, you know, his job as well.


There's only other two, there's only one other set of brothers that I know of that has A-N-F-C-A-F-C connection. Oh You know, Jason seems eligible. You know Travis, I'd keep playing as long as you can. But I feel like when that time comes, I think, I think my job is definitely a jeopardy. If the Kelsey's wanna take over the Pro Bowl, Tell you what, I can put a mean run game in that flag football outfit. Oh. It'd be lateral Central if I ever got the, got the chance to coach that thing up. Speaking of brothers, we're tied Right now with Super Bowl victories, Kelsey's and Mannings four piece. Does that mean the Mannings are officially pulling for the Eagles?


Huh? I want For me to pull for the Eagles like being in division conference, you know, but it's a little bit easier this year with Saquon being there and, and having been a teammate, so. Oh yeah. You know, I think in these situations you, you really, you root for players, you root for coaches that you know, and, and I mean obviously you know a lot of connections. Travis, you know, rooting for you to win a win a Super Bowl rooting for, I knew he was on my Side on Andy Reed and all the Guys, But you know, it's a little more difficult. Eagles. But with Saquon there, you kinda want, you want all those guys to experience winning a championship. Obviously Travis, you, you've, you've done it many times and to go for a three-peat would be an unbelievable but, but you know that feeling and you never get tired of it.


So do you Jason, you know that feeling of win of, of winning a championship and, and you won all your, all your pals that you've met or played with to have that, that feeling at least one time. I mean, my question would be, Jason would be, if we're even, you know, really with the amount of rings, You know, I, I know certain teams, certain owners when they win, they give rings to alumni who are just integral in oh cow. Kinda creating the culture of the team. I can't think of a guy more, more significant and kind of creating that tough run the ball tough offensive lineman culture than you. So if the, if the Eagles happen to win, do you think you would get a ring?


Do you think you deserve a ring? Let's just, wow. Let's just, let's just settle it right here. 'cause if that's the case, you out are screwing this competition. I mean, I'm getting a ring out of this game. Nor are you, I mean the Broncos at least made the playoffs. The, the Giants were eliminated after like week Eight. Hey, you don't Get rings making the playoffs. You don't get rings. Yeah, I'll, I will gladly decline any charitable ring that they're gonna be trying to give out to me. 'cause I don't deserve any of it. But I had, I did lose my first shoe bowl ring in Nevada Chili. I will take another one of those if they wanna just print that one out again. I can take that one again. Yeah. I Like it. I like it.


You were just talking about the the big field goal kick. Yeah. You guys got coming up here. Gronk has missed it two years in a row, I believe. Are we feeling confident we can at least get one up and over Jason? We actually, we were in Orlando, we watched some film with Gro Gro, drove down from Tampa and brought film of his first two kicks and we were kind of learning what not to do. Right. Grok had his whole family out there. The first kick, he had a full uniform on. He had a helmet. It was windy that day. It was so cold in, in, in Arizona, by the way, I think there's something about grok missing when the chiefs were in the Super Bowl. That seems to be the theme.


So hopefully that doesn't apply to us. Eli pulled a quad in practice. I don't know if he put that out of the injury report, if that should change the odds. But I have a new respect for kickers. I've been so sore every time I've practiced. I really don't know why it goes in and why it doesn't go in. There's no pattern to it. But I haven't pulled a quad. I'm healthy going into Sunday's Kick of destiny three and I think I'm gonna make it. Oh, I like love The confidence. I'm, I'm melting now. This is about six weeks ago. Did, did pull a quad and I've been on You've been Practicing for six weeks. Six weeks. Yeah. Yeah. I, I started six weeks ago, day one.


I mean it's lots on the line. I get it. He's just getting healthy though. He is. Been on the sideline for a little bit. Yeah. No stretch. No stretch, no nothing. I was just like, I'll just kick a 25 yarder. I was like, put it at 25. I kicked one. It, it went in, I kicked the next one and it went four yards with a pulled quad and I limp my next. I'm, I, I kicked, I kicked on Monday this week. It felt good. I didn't get to the, to the full 25 yards, but I just, You know, I kicked about a 20 yarder and I think I'll, I'll be ready for Sunday. The trainer will get you that extra. They said they could gimme a to all shot. Now that I'm not a player anymore. I'm, I'm taking both.


You guys Committed Tor this guy's committed. Yeah. Full throttle. I'm going game day mode. Full warmup, full deal. Super tease shot. Get everything. I cannot, I cannot wait to see this man. Jason actually had a similar experience where he got to respect the kickers a little bit as well. Trying to kick a field goal to college game day in front of Pat McAfee. Man, it was classic. I was On a, I was on a slant. I was on a slight, like a slight angle in boots. Yeah, well you chose to wear the boots. So No, that was part of the sponsorship. I had shout out to Timberland. Timberland, great job. Timberland. We are down in the Super Bowl. We're in New Orleans. Your hometown. Oh yeah. Couple Super Bowl questions.


You guys have both worked with Jalen Hertz and Patrick Mahomes who have both attended Manning Passing Academy as high schoolers. Did you guys both know that they had the opportunity, well, would've the potential to play in the Super Bowl one day? Jason, both those guys actually came to the camp as college players, as counselors. It's a high school football camp that, that we have college players come and serve as counselors and in return, Eli and I will spend time with them in between high school practices on their NFL aspirations. Jaylen came twice and you definitely just saw what a natural leader he was. Quiet confidence, just the way he carries himself. You can see why people wanna follow him. And then Mahome just, yeah, his swagger just jumps out.


I remember it was raining one night and we were like, Hey, I'm not sure you wanna throw tonight. You know, there's people out there watching and Oh man, I'll throw, I'll, I'll rip it Right now. Jesus, He doesn't flinch, he doesn't care. I'll, I'll swing it in anything. Hey, That's exactly what he said. And to me that's just pretty telling as you know, Travis, you know when, when you're in college and people are around watching how, I don't wanna throw today, maybe, you know, maybe there's some coach up there or some GM that happens to have a, a kid at the camp. Maybe they're watching and maybe this hurts. My Patrick was just like, Nope, I'll go out there and throw it. And so those are the two things I took away from having both those guys at the camp and, and you see that has transferred to their NFL careers.


And so I'm proud of both of 'em. They've been fun to watch and I think that's why it'd be a great quarterback matchup on Super Bowl Sunday. Have You talked to either these guys before the big game yet? I texted both of 'em after the NFC and A FC championship congratulating them, wishing 'em luck. You know, both of 'em got back to me. I've kind of stayed in touch with a lot of the quarterbacks that have come through the camp. I think this past year, Jason, we had 26 of the 32 starting. NFL quarterbacks were counselors at the Manning Passing Academy. So it's quite the fraternity. So he and I keep up with 'em, obviously taught to a lot of 'em, you know, getting ready for a manning cast game, but just kind of wish 'em walk throughout their careers.


And so I've kept up with Patrick and Jalen throughout their careers. Jalen reached out a couple years ago about kind of the routine of the Super Bowl and I sort of gave him my tips and pointers. He kind of knows that routine now. Mahome, you know, gets his mail sent to the Super Bowl every year. 'cause he knows He's gonna Beat that. So Travis does as well. So yeah, they don't have to ask me too many questions anymore about the Super Bowl routine. Well you, you always got the best advice, big guy. I remember getting my first shot at SNL and getting the text from you to just enjoy the ride, man, I loved, I appreciated that. That made me feel so much more at home knowing that you believed in me to have fun and, and to do it the right way.


So I appreciate that. And you crushed it. But Eli, you actually had, had you had somebody come up to you at the Pro Bowl and tell you that he was actually in the Manning camp. Yeah, the wide receiver from Atlanta, right? Yeah. Hodge Hodge. Hoge Hodge. There it is. Yeah, He came up and said he was a camper. He, he came his junior year, he was a quarterback and he, he came to the camp and that's crazy obviously. We told him I think he should try receiver. And So we saw, we saw right there, it's like, yeah, seven on seven he was playing receiver some made some plays and now he is, you know, he is making, making the Pro Bowls a special team guy. But you know, you know, he is a receiver also in the NFL and, and so just a great story.


So we've had a couple guys, a couple guys, a couple quarterbacks in the NFL also. I think Russell Wilson was a camper. He, you know, he not as a counselor became as a camper in high school. The, the new coach of the Jaguars, Liam Cohen was a camper. Liam Coen, how About that? Nice move. Oh, So that's how, that's how old we are. We got coaches, we got coaches that were campers now. Yeah, It's crazy man. You guys have been doing it for a while, man. Me and Hodge have a similar story. I was actually recruited at Tennessee. David Kiff was working me out, thought I had some potential to be a football player, not to be a quarterback. So Tennessee never offered me. But yeah, eventually made the transition over Been a camper.


You would've sp his career up quite a bit. Getting him away from the quarterback position. Exactly. No, that's awesome stuff you guys do with the, the young guys man. And always, always paving the way for the future, man. That's always good stuff. Thanks Eli. You were talking about your former teammate Saquon Barkley and when we had Saquon on the show, he took, we, we do a lot of the welcome to your NFL moments and his welcome to the NFL moment was when, or at least he said you shoved grass in his mouth. Oh Yeah. Can we, is this a confirmed story? Yeah, this is a confirmed story. E every, every year before the, before the first preseason game and you know, a lot of these years, you know, kind of the starters aren't playing much and, and they really are going over a little bit that first game, what the routine is before the first preseason game.


Like how do we line up, how do we stretch, like how do you run out of the tunnel, like all the, you know, pat and go. So we're kind of doing those things and You know, I'm kind of sitting on the sideline a long time and I always kind of walk up to the guy to a few of the rookies and I'm kind of holding my mouth and I'm going, man, I gotta get my, my, my mouth, my teeth been bothering me. I gotta get my wisdom teeth pulled after the game. And they're kind of asking question. I ask them if they've ever had their, if they have or had their wisdom teeth pulled, whether to say yes or no. I say, you know, can I see if, can I either see wisdom teeth or do you still have holes in your mouth? And so when they kind of open up and, and look up and open their mouth, I got a big chunk or clump of grass and dirt in my hand and I throw it in there and you know, I've got like three or four guys on that first practice.


I've gotten a few coaches, so good dude, one time the best OSHA O'Hare and I were trying to get a rookie and Amani to came over, Amani is like in his ninth year and he jumped in the conversation like we're not talking to him, you know, we're like trying. And he opened up and O'Hara put the thumb of grass in his mouth. That's So bad. And He said, we weren't trying to get you you, but you offered up this information gonna resist You volunteered yourself. Yes. That's so good man. Since we're on the Super Bowl, do you guys, either of you have a welcome to the Super Bowl moment. I mean I think it's like, it was my ninth year playing in it for the first year and just, you know, down in Miami it was raining that year.


It was only, only Super Bowl that it really had rained. But I think, you know Billy Joel saying the national anthem, I think there's something about being on the sideline Absolutely. When that national anthem plays, you know, watching it all those years as a kid. Thank you. You know, Travis, my, my first Super Bowls as a kid were in New Orleans, obviously I saw the, who's that? I, I saw Montana beat the Broncos in the 89, 89 90 season, whatever that was. That was in New Orleans actually was in college. Came back and saw the Packers, beat the Patriots in the Super Bowl. So there obviously been some great ones there in New Orleans. There'd been another great one with, with your chiefs and the Eagles.


But that national anthem is a, i I still get emotional watching it every time as a fan, you know, as a, as an ex-player sitting at home. But I think when you're on the sidelines knowing this game's about to happen, that's something that kind of kind of jumped out to me that I'm really here and I'm really playing in a Super Bowl. It was a pretty cool moment. Woohoo. You're firing me up. Just thinking, just talking about it man. A hundred percent. You had the worst start to a Super Bowl with at Hester just running back the open and kicking. Yeah, Yeah. It was an emotional Moment. This guy, It was an emotional moment that the kind of, it kind of ended pretty quickly with he, Alright, we gotta lock in boys, we gotta lock in.


That's too good. Eli, you got one for us. You Know, I, yeah, I mean I think it's, it's just for me it was just trying to like get that first completion and I just remember, oh yeah, you know, you're just nervous, I mean, kind of a new nerve and you played a whole season, you played playoff games, you played NFC Champ all of a sudden it's like a Super Bowl. Just all the, all the, you know, the lights and the national anthem and everything going on. And I just remember, You know, I, the coach was kind of going through some of the plays and I was just like, coach, I'm just, I'm a little nervous. I just, I want like a, I need a handoff the first play. Like I don't wanna, you know, I'm just, I don't know, I just gotta get like breathe a little bit. So we got a handoff and I got my first completion next play and, and you know, had a nice kind of 10 play long drive, got a field goal and then, you know, it was, it was kind of back to normal.


But it, it's definitely a different, a different intensity and just, you know, two weeks to to think about it. And there's so much coming on, on this game and, and what it means to your team, your fans, your family, you know, so many people coming in town for it. So it, it's, you know, the heart's pump it a little bit harder, that first series of a Super Bowl for sure. 100%. I I still don't remember the first half of the one that I was in. I don't, I have no idea. I just black out just I remember like we started the game down tens in my mind I'm just like, how did this happen? Where did this, well all pat, I need any more now than ever. Travis, you've been running the wrong plays for the first entire half hour.


I'm locked in coach. I got it, I got it. I gotta ask you guys as a center, Peyton, you brought up Shana Harris, I'm gonna come back to you Eli. 'cause I do know Sha O'Hare very well. I also know Jeff Saturday. Very well. There is a moment on the sideline between you and Jeff, Legendary And you, I think everyone knows which moment I'm talking about. It's one of my favorite interactions of a quarterback center of all time. Just too vocal. How, how quickly did you realize you were micd up the whole time? Or it was just like mid fury of just like, I'm tired of this guy bitching. I need to like go ahead. Alright. I mean, I mean look, when you're micd up, you know, to me, you know the sooner you can forget about it the better. Right? I always for sure kind of knew I was micd up in pregame warmups because they, you know, you put your pads on, you can see the tape over the mics.


Oh yeah. So you're just kind of thinking about it and hopefully once the game goes, but we had run the ball all the way down there. Jason had a good, good run game. We were playing a Monday night game against the Rams, ran it down there and the Rams in inside the five yard line basically said, okay, enough's enough. They loaded the box. We had a run play called First down and second down they were blitzing everybody. Yeah, we AUDIBLE throw, throw incomplete, now it's third and goal throw again. So naturally, Jeff in the offensive line, just like all of you are not happy, like, you know, why do you run it to get down there and now And now we're gonna throw it three times. Times. Yeah. And So we sit on our separate sides of the bench, but I can hear 'em talking, I can hear him go, why are we, why are we throwing it?


Just run the rock. Run the rock. And I just, yeah, I kind of let it breathe, let it breathe and finally I just snap and I go down there and I'm, you know, I'm all fired up and then I realize, Travis, I mean I'm an enemy territory, the entire office mind ready to, you know, support their center and come right to me. I like, okay, lemme kind of back off of this, but hey I'll tell you a good Super Bowl story about Jeff Saturday. Real quick. Every Thursday during our entire career in Indianapolis, Jeff and I played together forever. We always did wet ball drills, right? Where, you know, we're taking snaps before practice and the equipment guy is spraying the water bottle, water bottle on the football, creating the environment.


And Jeff would get so mad Travis 'cause he'd say, Peyton, we're playing in the RCA dome this week. You know, there's no chance of rain. I'm like, you never know. There could be a Lincoln, you never know. We're gonna prepare it's ritual at this point. You're gonna prepare anyway. We do that for eight years, right? And every Thursday, no matter what we get to the Super Bowl, it's raining, like just catching dogs and we have zero fumble snaps. The bears have three fumble snaps. And I say that's why we've been doing the wet ball snap drill all these years. So those little things pay off in the Super Bowl. They fail. I love it When you're a dome team baby. That's good shit right there.


Eli, do you have any of those stories with Sean? Yeah, we Or any of your centers. Well I had wet, wet ball drill with Sean every single day. Day Day. It's a, it would sweat so badly It wouldn't rain. It was just swamp Ass, huh? Yeah, I mean, you know, this is what this is before you're in shotgun every play out we're under center eye formation and we're under center on first and second down every series, even third down, sometimes we were under center like, and and and drop him back and throwing the ball. So I mean it was, I was getting the wet ball. I made him change his pants at halftime, which is a, you know, I've had to do That unfortunately a couple times.


Crazy. That's not easy. That's not, I mean they basically have to cut the pants off because you got your shoes or spa you can just take off your taped up. You're taped up. Yeah, everything up. I mean he's on his back this laying there and people are ripping 'em off. It's not that hard to get the pants on, but putting dry pants on a wet body is not an easy feat, especially over sleeves. So he was not happy about that. He was, he was ready for November to hit the cooler weather. I didn't make him change the pants, but we didn't have any fumbled snaps just 'cause of all the wet ball drill every single day. Just Standard wet ball drill. Good. So good. Alright, let's, let's get off the centers and get on some tight ends baby.


You guys both played with some great ones. Jeremy Shockey, my guy, Dallas Clark. Absolute legends man. I remember coming in and wanting to be like Shockey, he was such an energy, like he looked like a force to be reckoned with every single time he played the game. And Dallas Clark, I mean his fearlessness over the middle Peyton, I don't know how many times I saw you guys throw a bender in cover two and he just went up there and just got smoked for the team. He's just no gloves on just going up, just, just running through a wall for a guy. Just get the lead. Shockey's bender's a little bit different than Dallas Shockey. When you have a bender, that word means nothing different to Shocky. Yes, I was, I had to ask though, what, what do you Think it is about tight end and quarterback like relationship that that that really gets the best out of the offense?


I mean, to me, look, they're closer to the quarterback than, than the Z or the X or the slot. They're right there. Yeah. Just, you know, just kind of three players away, right? Guard, tackle, tight end. So they're kinda one of the last guys that you kinda almost break the huddle with. I feel like Travis, so you can always, I mean I see Travis and Patrick talking as they're breaking the huddle and so you can kind of get the last word in, hey, hey, if they blitz, you know, break hot, Hey look, watch out for cover two man. Give the guy a little stick to the outside before you bend it. And so I think just that little extra conversation, maybe that closer proximity kind of creates that tight end quarterback bond.


And I always felt like I knew where Dallas was gonna be. Look what, you know, Patrick and Travis have created is a whole different level, but it's just a real comfort zone. And You know, I love Dallas, like you said, he was fearless across the middle. We were down there with kiddo. He was talking about tight end you and oh, that's so much fun guys, how Dallas still comes back and works. It's so special. It's a special connection when you have a quarterback and and tight end that had that feel from each other. There's a confidence there. And I felt that way with Dallas and obviously you and Patrick have had that forever. I think the other thing with, with the tight ends and quarterback it, it's harder for a team to, to double a, a tight end.


And you know, you might have a receiver on the outside, Hey, we gotta take away this receiver. We're gonna play two man or we're gonna double him in different ways or play certain zones to take him away. Where you kind of, some of your staple plays on first and second down, you know, hey, you, you're gonna have a a, a matchup in the offensive favor of a tight end on a linebacker possibly where hey, we can run a stick route, we can get a completion. So I think you just have a lot of your, your high percentage completion plays are kind of the tight ends, the number one read. And hey, if they, if they do take him away or they have bad leverage, you should have one-on-one with your receivers and get through your progression. But I just think kind of some of your, your staples and your comfort plays, it starts with a tight end being that first read.


Nice. And we can all confirm that you, you gotta get that bond off the field and have some beers. How many times do you go on a bender with Shockey? I don't, not any benders, you know, no, no beers with Shockey, but definitely, you know, we hit the town in New York, New York City a few times. Those first couple years. He Showed me some spots that I haven't, I definitely haven't been to since let's say that. So I love him man. Shout out to you baby. I gotta Ask this. I don't know if he's going to, but what would you guys, I, I mean you guys know that Travis is kind of known for not running the route on the page, I'd assume. How would you guys have liked playing with a tight end that freelanced like that? Would you Have been a favor of, first of all, I'm not running the wrong route.


I'm running, I didn't say wrong what the quarterback wants me to run. It might not be what's on paper. Yeah. He might not even know He wants you to run. Exactly. See, I would agree with Travis. I feel like Travis keeps, keeps the offensive coordinator from kind of being one play away. Right. You know, I, If you have outside leverage and you have an out route, I see Travis, you know, kind of just curl it in and Mahome sees that and he throws it to him as opposed to saying, man, I wish we would've had the inside curl route on that play. So he's kind of a coordinator's best friend. And look, as long as the quarterback knows that he might do that, I think that's that.


I mean, I mean that makes it okay, right? If all of a sudden you're just gonna surprise the quarterback and just make stuff up, that's one thing. Yeah. But it doesn't look like to me, I, you know, Travis has ever surprised Patrick out there. He is. Just finding those kind of soft spots in the zone. And like I said, the coordinator looks like a genius. Wow. What an unbelievable prank call. You know, created the perfect location for Travis to be open. Meanwhile, Travis should have co offensive coordinator as, as part of his title. Can You believe they called a hook and ladder play right there? I can't believe Exactly Eli. We talked about it Next level right there. Eli, You already told me you chewed me out.


If I, if I turned inside on, on stick on on a Y stick, I would not have, yeah, no, You wouldn't have thrown it. Absolutely. Absolutely. I disagree with Eli. I see teams doubling you all the time. They just don't do it very well. They don't really take you away. They still kind of somehow leave you open. I don't, I don't really know why or how they do that. But I mean, you beat the double teams and like I said, they're doubling you. That means somebody else has gotta be single. That's a good thing. Oh Yeah. We'll, we'll get to our last segment here. It's called, we gotta Ask, but you don't have to answer. You guys can tell us to fuck off If you guys don't want to answer these. But feel free. It's always fun, man.


We close all our convos with this segment and I'll get to the first one who got into the most trouble growing up and you guys can even even throw Cooper into this. Yeah, definitely. Coop definitely Pretty Strong. So one brother that's not able to defend himself is immediately Yeah, co kind of set the tone. And So we kind of knew, you know, maybe to do the same things without getting caught. You know, coop was the one that got caught and so Eli and I could kind of, kind of learn from there. Oh, there's something about them older brothers not knowing how to not get caught. You Gotta flank, you gotta learn the art of Flank. I Got suspended every freaking year of elementary school for getting in a fight.


Travis got into a fight and then went to the principal's office and got tickets to the Cavs game 'cause everybody loved him so Much. That's because I was such a good artist. Jason let's, I won a contest that was besides the fact. But yeah, no, it was cool seeing Cooper up at the Super Bowl opening night last night. Yeah. Was he in the marching band growing up? I mean he wore that outfit pretty goddamn good. Absolutely not. No. I dunno where he got that costume zero band experience. I can probably, That's good. He likes the harmonica though. If you, If you give him the opportunity. Is he harmonica? He won't. I Would love to hear that. That's a talent I find that's a lost talent right there. Yeah. Can he bend the notes? Can he like, do like blues harmonica or he straight in or out?


Okay. You got our band geek all fired up over here. I'd say he's, he's, he's new to it. It's all new. He's Like a Bob Dylan. Just kind of, yeah. Okay. I got What's Travis running All your pops. Archie was also a quarterback in the NR for 13 years. What advice did he give both of you guys? Ooh, slide. Slide. Slide. Yeah, Slide. He also told us we're not very fast, so don't run. And first he could run advice he killed and he said, don't do that. Y'all are not fast. And when you get out there, get down, don't take hits. And ev you know, we, we, we learned that the hard way, you know, it only takes one hit in the NFL and you're like, yeah, I should have listened to dad.


He is definitely right. I'm gonna go back. Yeah, Definitely slide. Have fun. He always kind of, the last thing you used to text or if we talked to him the night before the game was, hey, don't forget to have fun out there. Which, oh yeah. I Think it is a good reminder, especially in a game like this, right? You work so hard, you know, have fun and also just kind of off the field, you know, be sure you have a great relationship and respect with your equipment manager, the video director, the people behind the scenes that you guys know that don't get nearly enough credit or attention on a television broadcast but are are sort of integral to the culture of a team. You know, just little things like that. It was nice having a guy who played in the NFL that could tell you about little things like that.


Did you guys have any pressure to live up to? I guess what Archie did? 'cause Travis and I like we didn't have a lot to live up with Ed Kel. We're just, just winging it. I'm just letting you know like there was a bar was very low for Ed Kelsey. Don't, don't you dare do that Big well For football. For football, Yeah. An athlete. Alright Dad, dad bar set high for Ed Kelsey extremely high. Yeah, You have to, you know, and, and my dad didn't sort, tried to create an environment where he was just trying to raise kids. He wasn't trying to raise NFL quarterbacks. And yes, maybe that's why it ended up happening because you know, he encouraged us to play sports 'cause of the valuable lessons that sports teaches. But, you know, never once did we talk about this is what you have to do If you wanna play in the NFL.


It was, hey, work hard to be the starting quarterback on the jv and after that, you know, maybe see if he can start on the varsity the next year. And his rule, Jason and Travis was if we wanted his help, we had to go and ask him, Hey dad, will you come to the school on Sunday afternoon and throw with our receivers? It wasn't him going, Hey, we're going to run two miles today. And I Think it was a healthy approach 'cause we wanted his help. 'cause he'd played the game and I think that that was a good approach that he took and it, it made it fun growing up and never felt like pressure. Yeah, there's def there's definitely more pressure on me trying to follow in Peyton's footsteps. He was five years older than me. You know, I go into the high school, he is set every record I'm going into college.


He was just up for the Heisman. He was the first pick in the NFL draft and it's, you know, it's like, geez Louise, you feel like, You know, I didn't have to do the best at everything that I enter into and follow your footsteps. So, but he was, he was a great big brother. As I got older, I mean, he definitely picked on me and, and gave me wedgies and noogies and, and all those things, which I think helped me. It toughened me up and, and got me prepared for the NFL. But he always did, like in college, he would come back and teach me the things he was learning in college. Hey, we're we're, we're doing this on the three step drop and hey, this is some of the drills we're doing in college. You should be doing these now. Like get a head start on these things.


So he did look out, you know, look out for me all the time and, and, and, and probably put more pressure on me to to, to do some of these drills than my dad did. Well you, you guys got the formula. You guys gotta figured out Arch Manning is having an unbelievable start to, to his college career. But also I remember I saw you guys playing Knockout on TV when I was a kid and I was like, I'm brother and Right. Because that's exactly how me and Jason played Knockout growing up. Let's keep this thing moving though. Who has the most buns career stat. Eli with the most career fumbles or Peyton with the most interceptions by rookie. Oh wow.


I guess mine sounds worse. It's over career. His is just I would agree. I Would agree. I would agree. It's because Of Sean. Sean Sweaty. We figured this out, Sean. Although my interception record, you know, the 17 games, I thought for sure it would get broken and I mean nobody's, nobody's coming close to it. It I'm disappointed. And they're throwing more now than you were throwing it. Doesn games are throwing more and less interceptions Stuff's not right. They Gotta Get your 10 in the first three games. If they can get 10 in first three games, You gotta get off to a good start. It. That's insane.


You guys have a new documentary coming out? Razor's Edge on Vice. Ooh, Omaha's forthcoming. Follow doc on Coach Kalari. Oh That's Awesome. Arkansas's Man's basketball team. What can you guys tell us about the doc? Yeah, It is just a cool behind the scenes you look, you know, coach Cal's done it a long time and obviously making the big move to Arkansas. Just wanted to kind of document, you know, his first season it's a changing landscape with NIL. You know, coach Cal was kind of known for just sort of coaching, coaching freshmen, right? Kind of the one and done. And you know, now, you know, he's kind of changed his approach where he wants, you know, kind older players. He doesn't have that many players.


He's like, if I'm gonna pay these guys, I'm gonna have a limited amount of players and, and play 'em all. So just to kind of take people behind the scenes of what it's like to be interesting. A SDC head basketball coach, he went back to Kentucky two nights ago and won, which was incredible. Wow. Because of all that he accomplished there. Winning a national championship. Thank got kind of a, you know, some fans were clapping when he came back. Some fans were booing, they hadn't gotten over it, but he went in there and won. So look all these behind the scenes shows just give the audience a different view. So we're excited about it. Razor's Edge coming out on Vice. Hell Yeah. That's awesome man. I'm so intrigued in that. I'm definitely gonna be dialed in. Fuck yeah. If you were both playing college football today, who has the higher NIL deals?


Who, I mean I, you gotta go with Peyton again. I mean the guy's, you know, he is a great spokesman. He's just, he He could sell a product or what? Yeah, He's, I would've, hey, I wouldn't have accepted any of it. I would've given it all to my sinners and my tight hands. There we go. We go, there we go. You can just camera like that. Oh My gosh. So good. How Has the NIL stuff changed the landscape? 'cause you guys both have kids coming up the documentary with Cal party, I'm sure it touches on the NIL. What are your guys' thoughts on NAL just in general? Yeah, I Don't know. I mean, it is probably a better question for Travis.


I mean, Travis, are you seeing any change in the demeanor of college players coming to the NFL? Because I mean, I mean, to me that's the the biggest thing that I was worried about. You know, are guys coming in as hungry, you know, to try to make the team, to try to, you know, yeah, obviously win a championship hopefully, but, you know, make some money as well. Are you seeing that Travis? It probably just depends on the individual. It's, I Think it has a lot to do with the culture in kc. I haven't seen that. Yeah. Our, our number one pick Xavier worthy has been nothing but the hardest worker on the team. He's just spent every single day grinding out, trying to figure out ways to, to implement himself in the offense more and get better at the things that Coach Reed asked him to do.


So I definitely haven't seen it in in the rookies we've got at least. But yeah, who knows. Yeah, I mean, to me that's the thing that, you know, that I wanna keep is keep guys coming in hungry and trying to accomplish new goals and, you know, obviously help teams win. So as long as we got that going, you know, I'm okay. I'm with you. Love it. Nice. Well, last question, hypothetically, if there had been an official Manning Bowl who would've won? Wow. Well, I'll, I'll answer. He doesn't wanna say it. He is too nice. I mean, he, he is he in the, in, in the NFL games? I have not beat him in a real game now, you know, flag football, pro bowl, I got that master, but he, I'm o over three anytime we faced him in a real game.


And so, but You know, I, that's just the way it, just the way it went those years, it would've been, I guess it would've been, I don't know If it would've been fun to play you in a Super Bowl or not. I mean, obviously y'all, y'all did it. It's gotta be awesome. I can tell You Right now, it was not fun at all. E it was fucking terrible. I mean, the one thing I had a pretty good time. I don't know. Yeah, You enjoyed yourself, I'm sure. Yeah. No hypothetical on this end, guys. I hypothetical Hip, hip, hip hop, hip hop. Hey Travis, Jason, the one thing that Eli has no clue and no understanding, and believe me he's proud of it, is what it's like to lose a Super Bowl, right? And it's, it, it it's, it's a horrible feeling.


Obviously winning is as great as you Think it is and losing is as bad as you Think it is. And so I'm kind of glad that it didn't happen because I know that was tough on, on you two, tough on your family and you know, Eli and I played three times in the regular season. My parents were an absolute wreck and just in a regular season game. And, and now you take that to the Super Bowl and knowing, you know, obviously the attention a quarterback's gonna get in a Super Bowl win or lose knowing that, you know, one had to win and one had to lose. I probably wouldn't wish that on my family. So I'm probably glad that it didn't happen. And I think the way y'all handled that several years ago and the way your family handled it was first class.


I know that was not easy. Yeah, well, I mean, I had lost, I had lost one. I hear, I hear what you're saying, Pete. I had lost a Super Bowl going into the game that we, so I just had to make sure that Jason felt that misery before. And so that was just being a good brother. You guys know about being good brothers. If You feel bad going out that night and celebrating, like just knowing that your brother is crying in his hotel room and you're just, you're just fine just going out there and just, well, You know, once you have a few beers, you forget about everything. And I was not, I wasn't crying. I was pulling a Jeremy Shockey is what I was. Eli, you brought up Spags. Eagles are playing one of the best defensive coordinators in the history of the NFL at this point.


Don, it feels like don't answer. I don't answer. What would you do? Don't what what would your game plan be going in up against that blitz packaging and like, everything that he can throw at you. Like what would your game Don't give it, don't give it away. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I don't want, not that I give away, spags spas is the best. And I mean we, we, we saw it, it's the first time I'd ever seen it in the, in our first Super Bowl, going against the Patriots where, you know, e every time he had a, you know, a strong side blitz and Brady made a call, right? Hey, I'm gonna pick it up. He had to defense reverse it and just kind of make a call and it, all of a sudden it came from the weak side and getting them to throw hot, it's getting them, you know, really just kind causing some issues saying, Hey, I can't be right with my protections.


He's all, they're flip-flopping it sometimes. And so you just see it, you know, unbelievable. And, and last week's game, the last play the fourth down against the bills versus empty formation of, of four by one, he brings a wheel corner blitz on the biggest, you know, biggest play of the game and gets, you know, has a free runner going. So, I mean, that's his mentality. He, he wants to blitz, but it's not just, Hey, we're bringing blitz zero. It's gonna be some exotic blitz, some blitz. He hasn't done all game long, all game long, has not shown this blitz. When do you bring it fourth and five on the last drive in the most critical moment of the game. And so that's what makes 'em hard to prepare for is that, hey, how do I prepare for something I haven't seen yet, or something they haven't done this year yet that he's not, you know, draw up for these critical moments and, and just, and then when you think he is in a blitz, he fakes the blitz and going back to coverage.


So Just when you think he got him, He's just a mastermind. He's a, he's a great leader, he's a great human being. Just one of the great, you know, you know people and so happy for him, all his success. And You know, I think Travis, you know how lucky you're to have him on that defensive side, just, you know, being, being the leader over there, One of my favorite coaches of all time, baby. I'm right there with you, brother. Well fellas, thank you guys for your time, man. The mannings that came through, man. One good brother to another man. We love you guys. Thank you guys for leading the way, doing things the right way and always lending a helping hand. Man. We love you guys man. Thank you. Best luck in the field.


Goal kicks. I can't wait to see this field goal kick. Yeah, I don't know what, I'm more fired up, but watch, I've seen enough Super Bowls. I wanna watch this field goal kick. That's what I watch.


Are you one of those people that actually likes your money? Some people end up throwing hundreds of dollars away at traditional big wireless carriers for years, who unfortunately flush it down the drain. So if you're tired of crazy high wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks that cost you more in the long run than Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans as low as 15 bucks a month, Say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you with premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month. There We go. All plans come with high speed data and a limited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with you and the existing contacts. Ditch overpriced wireless and get three months of premium wireless service from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month. If You like your money, Mint Mobile is for you. Shop plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash New Heights. Upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check the tire pressure before hitting the road. Yeah, yeah. Just like, you know, to check you actually made that reservation for date night. That's a good one too. I don't wanna forget that. Like, you know, to check that you packed your lucky yellow cleats for the big game. That's right. Well you better be wearing red like, you know, to check the grills heating up before everyone comes over on the Big game. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliate in Northbrook, Illinois.


Long lived dogs, that's what they say over at the Farmer's dog because they want all dogs to live long healthy lives. I'm a dog person. I want my dog Ballou to live forever. We all want our dogs to live forever. There's no magic way for that to happen. But get this dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. The farmer's dog helps your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight with personalized meal plans of freshly made Food. They calculate your dog's ideal daily calories based on their unique nutritional needs. And the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time The farmer's dog isn't fancy. It's simple real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's a win-win. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. You get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Our second food review was this gumbo or jumbo eye gumbo, gumbo and crawfish or depending on where you're from, crayfish. All right, Jason, dive in. Well there's two spoons. I think there's two for your right and left hand. Are you not gonna eat any gumbo? I'm not eating that. No. What kind of gumbo is this? Chicken And sausage. Chicken and sausage. Another reason why I'm not he it Right there. You don't like chicken and sausage? I'm not a sausage guy. You're not a sa. Oh, that's right. Even when it's cut up. I thought that was just a phallic thing. No, it's it's just a whole, like the way you ate that was disgusting. That's Fucking, oh my God. That sound That's so good.


What the fuck was that? Like sl I could, could use little hot sauce. Hot sauce. Who eats like that? Somebody wearing a white t-shirt. Eating gumbo. Wanna make sure you don't get any extra juice. I mean, you, you didn't hesitate one second. You went back for you went back for like, It's fucking, it's delicious. Re it's chicken and sausage in soup form with rice. Alright. I'm not gonna lie, I don't even know how to fucking attack this. I've never had a crawfish outside of like, what do You mean I got, I cracked that fucker helping But am I eating the Belly? I got Greg. He, this locals helping Pop the tail off.


Tail pop the tail off. Yeah. Other way. That's what the Fuck you mean. Other way. That's his tail. Like that. There it it is. Thank you. And I Off there it is. Of the tail or the body? Tail. Tail. So I'm only eating the tail. I would optional to suck the Head. Optional to suck the head. I'm gonna suck that motherfucker's head if it's optional. How do I get this in? I, man, I have no idea. I'm not even getting any fucking meat out of this thing. Just, you've never ate a shrimp before. I'll tell you what, it's a bad idea to eat fucking crawfish on your goddamn lap. And a white t-shirt is a fucking awful desire. Dude, you look great. I'm struggling.


You gotta put your superhero mask on. That's why Am I fucking doing this right? Yeah. Is somebody telling me how to do this? 100%. You are. You're getting it. There you go. See you did it. It tastes great. But I'm kind of feeling the same thing I feel towards crab, which is just like, it's a lot of work for like, not that much meat. This is better than crab though. I dig that flavor. What I do suck the head. There you go. Otherwise This way I was gonna suck Cold four to five. Two Zs baby. That's all we need. When you go do the bark after dog smoke that, that, that crawfish hair. Nice.


Shout out to aro man. So you, you only eat the fucking tails of this thing. The fuck. That just seems like such a waste look at how small its tail is. You get In a rhythm. Just keep going. Oh yeah. Well I need to see what your rhythm's like man. 'cause I'm getting no rhythm and I feel like this is a lot to throw away. It's just juices in the head. That's why I'm sucking that head. Dog Dogs, that's all. It's all in your beard. This shit's great. I mean on flavors alone, 10 out of 10 Nice.


It is fucking delicious. But on difficulty of obtaining the meat and just pure waste, I'm going like four. But it's, it's absolutely wonderful. If I knew what I was doing, I think it'd be a 10. We are here for a reason. There is the 59th Super Bowl in the history of the NFL being played. 59. Yeah, It's a Lot of Super Bowl. If I'm reading my Roman numerals, correct. That's 59. It is correct? Yes. Continually gets more confusing when they start editing Ls. The Ls always gives, you know the l At what point are we just gonna have to abandon over Nu 'cause nobody's gonna have a fucking clue what the numerable means. It's like cursive. Yeah, they don't even teach the kids anymore.


What is, what's So XX is 5 1 10 10. Yeah, that's right. I is one V is five x is 10 L is 57. What's the most complicated Roman numeral number? You can like long we can come up with. Was it, it would be like so it couldn't be like subtract like 500 is just five Cs or is 500. I don't know if this is the Super Bowl talk. Everyone wants to hear. The largest number that can be represented in Roman numerals is 3,999.


Okay. Which? Which is written MMMC. M-X-C-I-X. Well there you have it. We're gonna have to abandon Roman numerals at Super Bowl 3,999. 'cause good luck selling that merchandise. Alright, with this being your fifth Super Bowl has any change with how you approach this game? Are you gonna abandon all the other things that allowed you to win? No, I'm gonna stay, stay true to those, particularly the second half of those games. Try and start this one nice and fast. I gotta say this 'cause I get, okay, so everybody brings up the halftime being longer whenever somebody goes. So for those of you that don't know, the halftime is longer and Typically it's like 15 minutes.


It's not that much longer. It's 10 minutes more. I don't know if I am just like so anti organized, have me do anything on game day. You're preaching to the choir. I cannot stay like when they're like, okay we need to stretch at this and do this. Like motherfucker, it's 10 more minutes. I'm pretty sure I'm not getting a cold down. I'm gonna eat an uncrustable and get my mind right for the second half. I don't need you to tell me to stretch my quads. I'm gonna make sure everybody knows that is the key at halftime is the Uncrustable get you an uncrustable, a sun and go ahead and enjoy yourself. I think a Lot of the times it gets over. Well I guess I'm one in one. You are clearly a better record. Do you feel like people overthink that portion of the Cere Bowl?


You know what, selfishly thinking, yes. But in the grand scheme of things, people do like structure and people do like to kind of be under, you know, some sort of regimen. I Think it helps guys in their first couple years, or at least it did in my first Super Bowl, to just relax, understand this is how much time's going, going on. And it gave, it gave me something to do. Did I stretch the next time? No, but I, You know, I understood what I was capable of doing at that point. I understood the system. I understood like what was happening. It was, I was more familiar with the, yeah, the, the entire Super Bowl system. So it's just like I didn't do a lot of the stuff I did my first year.


Maybe It's 'cause I played a position that like mentally you were making calls and trying to like discern like what do we do? What's the plan? But I think you're very much wired that same way. I would've much rather taken the more allocated time and be like, Hey, let's talk about what we're gonna do in the second half even more than we get allotted in a regular halftime. Because a regular halftime, you're speeding through. You're like, okay, this is what they're giving us. These are the coverages we're seeing, these are the runs we're getting to, these are the concepts we like on third down, yada yada. Let's go out there and play ball. It's like, no, let's actually talk about like what are the first 10 plays we might run coming outta the second half and like really dial in on this stuff rather than, you know, do a quad stretch.


Somebody might need that quad stretch. You're right. And if Jay z Kel doesn't need it, Jason Kel ain't gonna fucking do it. I just feel like just drink yourself a fucking water and sodium. Get you Some pickle juice. Yeah. Get you, Eat you in Uncrustable, Maybe snag an orange Jog back out to the field. Guess what? You'll be warm again. I'm also just antis stretching in general. So I'm not the person To ask two war wars. Two war wars. I played in fucking world record consecutive games for the Eagles. Maybe I'm onto something. Stretching is overrated. Pushups sit ups granted my back for day. The only two times I pulled a muscle, and I'm not making this up, is when I was doing yoga.


Like I was in a yoga class in college, pulled a muscle, then I started doing some yoga in the NFL one year. I did like a yoga class very same week, pulled a muscle and I'm like, this stretching shit is for the birds dog. It ain't for me. But to answer your question, I think over the last four Super Bowls that I've been to, I am at a completely different place as a leader. Yeah. So I feel like getting everyone comfortable is my biggest thing. And, And this is, I'm, I'm, Because I'm gonna go out there and I'm gonna be, you know, I'm gonna play my style of football because I'm confident in where I've been and how I've gotten here and things like that. But we got a lot of new faces that haven't been in the Super Bowl yet and I'm sure it'll hit them.


Like it hit me my first really two Super Bowls and it'll surprise 'em how emotional it'll be for them. For sure. So trying to weather that storm and make sure they feel comfortable. And the biggest thing man is if adversity hits man band together, man. Yeah. This is a team sport brother. You didn't get here alone and you got guys fighting right there with you. You hit the nail on the head. I think having the structure is nice for the guys that want it there. And then If you don't wanna do it, most of the coaches realize the older guys that want to get something else accomplished Yeah, go do your thing. They're not gonna push back on it. But just making sure everybody feels comfortable and not letting the moment get too big. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna be my biggest like concern is just making sure everybody feels comfortable and playing our style of football.


Man, I'm, I think we're playing the best team that we've played yet and that's, it makes sense going into the Super Bowl. I think offensively, defensively, special teams wise, both teams match up really good. And at the same time, You know, I got all the confidence in the formula that we've had under Coach Reed and just how we do things in KC and I, I just, You know, I believe in the guys next to me and if we play our style of football, man, we're gonna put ourselves in a good situation. That's the biggest thing. The, the emotions of the game can cause people to do uncharacteristic things that they normally wouldn't. Yeah. So how do we avoid, you Can either make it timid or make you way too ballsy. Yeah. Or it can make you just Right. If you weather it right, If you weather it right, it can be perfect.


Yeah. It's like, oh, that's just the biggest game I gotta be great. I gotta go do something Crazy. Or you can way overthink it. Which I've done Both. I've done all of these. Yeah. Yeah. I've done absolutely all of these. A lot of fans are asking if Pat is okay after the Maverick's traded his favorite player, Luca ic. Oh Yeah. Yeah. They trade him to the Lakers in case you live in a sewer. Pat treats almost gave the chiefs a heart attack. He said, I'm sick Right now. And everybody's like, wait, what? Yeah. I knew exactly what it was 'cause yeah, You were probably with him. Well, yeah, I'm in a few different group chats with him and everybody was like, pat, what the fuck is going on in Dallas? He obviously a Dallas Dallas kid and grew up a huge Dallas sports fan.


And to pack any edges, it's been at countless games. We were actually at a game and I gotta say, what's up to Luca? We talked about it on the show and Yeah. Did Pat say what's wrong with the, what, what Happened? I don't, I'm pretty sure nobody knows exactly what happened other than the gm. Even Mark Cuing came out and I, I was listening to my guy Jan Parsons talk about it. He said, yeah, I, I don't have any idea what's going on. Yeah. It's still up in the air on If it was the good move, the right move to make. Did you see what was the, What do you think? What do you think the equivalent, well you don't even watch the NBA so I gotta I watched Some of it. Oh, all right. Nice. Yeah. I I not watched any this year. Who's, Who's in the, who's in the number one seat for the east? I've just told you I've not watched any this year.


I know it's not the Sixers. Yeah, you're right. They are struggling. It's the team that honored you and gave you a jersey that you set courtside at Jason ca. Nice. They're balling like that. I knew they had a good start to the year. I've not followed the dam. It go Cals baby's our year. What up? Let's go. But at the same time, yeah, that tweet and everything kind of got confusing, but Pat's good. Yeah, Pat's all good. He's not actually sick. He's healthy. That'll good. Alright. This fucking go. Yeah. I can't wait for this Sunday, man. I'm so fricking fired up. If it wasn't for the Mannings getting me fired up, talking about the national anthem or Jason talking about how he'll be happy if the Eagles win. I am so fired up for this game. I, I love it.


You know, I just want, want I relish in these moments, man. I've been waiting all year to fast forward to this game, man. And What's the most electric national anthem Show you already know is Chris Staple? Chris Stapleton. God he killed it. There's just no one even close. Fucking killed it. I on I've seen him week on a sad day, I will put that video on. I'll go to YouTube and I just to watch and Siri cry and then Revel in the fact that you beat us. Hmm. I never looked at like that. Chris Jones cried too, to be fair. Chris Jones. I, I cried, but I kept my composure. Yeah, that's, but we tried so more so Chris did his thing in it. One of my favorite performances ever. Yeah. It was very electric. Nice. Well let's get to our last food review, how You make folks feel what you're feeling inside.


Alright, Brandon, bring the king cake and the beignets in. Oh yeah. Trav. Trav. Are you allowed to eat this? No, but I am. What? Wait, are you allowed to eat or are you not allowed to eat it? No, I'm not allowed to eat this Jason. But for the sake of the show, I will eat This. You're willing to do something like that? It would've, Andy came in, right? Because you about to take a bite of chicken. I fucking offer him one and see what happens. Alright, which one are we going at first? King cake. Lets cake Benet Let, let's go Cake. The Benet is gonna be messy. The one, it's the closest one. Alright. Ooh. I love the texture of that cinnamon black.


So what is a king cake? Ooh. Cinnamon roll. Yeah. Glad cinnamon Roll. Glad cinnamon roll. There's a little bit of like a minty frosting in there. It's not your typical frosting. There's something in the frosting for sure. I Think it sprinkles. You think this? It's minty sprinkles. I'm not gonna lie. I'm getting zero mint. It tastes like something from Philly, to be honest. Like something I would get a Wawas. It tastes like a cinnamon roll with frosting and sprinkles on it. I'm giving it a good seven. It's good. Yeah. Mean It's very good. I Eat this Delicious. Yeah. It's almost like a honey bun That's, I was going tasty cake. It's kind of like a tasty cake.


It's kind of like a honey bun frosting. Yeah, it's a good loaf of bread for sure. Delicious. Well bake good bake. Good Bake. Yeah. Good bake. Good rise on it. Where you going? I went seven out of 10. It's no taste cake. What? It's hard to give like a number when you don't even know what, like are we rating it on? Just like a baked goods? Yeah, we're Rating seven out 10. There you go. Beignet. Let's go. How do you spell beignet? B-E-I-G-N-E-T. You just read it Cheater. Alright. Probably there's enough sugar on this Is, this is my grip tonight. I will eat all of those. So what is, are you supposed to do anything with a beignet?


Other than like, I've never, first of all, these fucking beignets are huge. I've never seen benets this big. That's my kinda shit right here. Are you, are you supposed to like dip them in something or just eat it? We eat it. Do you typically have these with coffee in the morning like a donut? Are these good beignets Compared? Like these are fucking, these are good beignets. Oh dude. It's just a, it's a funnel cake in a, in a, like a, in a donut fashion. I can get On with this One more week. Travis. I love funnel cakes. One More week. Get me outta there. Gimme out before it's too late. Beignets are really hard for somebody with facial hair. I don't know if you can tell. I feel like I'm wearing it. You are good. You already have white in your beard though, so you It just blends.


It just Blends in. I can't wait till my beard is fully white, dude. It's almost there. It's Getting there. You can be Tim Allen and Santa Claus in like a year. I mean, I'll be Tim Allen and Santa Claus this year. If Tim Allen, if Santa Claus dies in the front yard. If you guys caught that. That was a good one. Dude. If you become Santa Claus, you gotta invite me to North Pole. I gotta go because, because if iss anything like the movie with the rock. I can't. I gotta uplive. It's gonna be just me and me and Bernard and Kylie's gonna have to raise the kids on our own. Out of 10. Outta 10. We gotta rate it out. 10. I'm gonna put, I'm going nine out of 10.


The bread was a little, but it's probably just 'cause it was baked in the morning and we're eating Them now. So you can tell that thing freshly fried and hot. Ooh. I mean, Not taking dozen Funnel cake. It's basically just a, a funnel cake that's susceptible to eat at any time. Yep. Which I can get on board with New Orleans On baby. Yeah. All right. Well shout out to the beignets. Compared to sucking the backside of a crawfish head, beignet gets a, gets eight out of 10. Nice. No dumb question. Time


No dumb Questions is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Woo. The smart answer to saving money on premium wireless? No, no question.


Did Travis use a DeLorean or a hot tub time machine to travel back in time and invent the Pony Express Alexander major is my ass. You can't convince me that this is not Travis in the top hat. I mean, if I'm looking at myself in the mirror, that's pretty damn good. Yeah, It's pretty, it's pretty solid. I Will say that they couldn't be me 'cause I would never be seen with that fucking hat on Travis. You need to go. This needs to be your pregame Super Bowl fit Top Hat. I remember wearing a top hat not too long ago. Huh? Where'd you wear a top hat? You don't remember that one? When I was in London. Oh, I do remember that.


So I got caught in my own lie. I I enjoy wearing those off, but only it off in front of 80,000 people. You pulled It off. Well, there's a lot more people than 80,000 people that saw that. But that you pulled it off really well. Thanks. It's always scary. Have you ever came across like a really, like Travis? We're the most generic white looking people on the planet? It is. So many people. No. You know what, the 1 25 of them in downtown New Orleans, and you could not pick me out of a fucking lineup. I could. You're Wheres Waldo? Dude? Dude, Have You ever seen our I can take that salt and pepper beard out of fucking anybody? Yeah. I I look Like I could. Yeah, I could take one, one. Good. Look at those tits and know exactly who it's, I Look like 12 former presidents including Grover Cleveland, Theodore Roosevelt, and like any other ones that are white with a beard.


All man. I remember Jonas Valentini. Yeah, I remember you telling me the story From Lithuania. He getting drafted in the NBA. Yeah. And I was like, holy shit. I'm Lithuanian. He, I mean we're not far off. It's close, right? I mean, dude, you can't tell me that. I don't have Lithuania In my Bud. Where's Eastern Europe? I mean, it's definitely in Eastern Europe, but is it Northeastern or is it like Slavic area? It's Slavic for sure. I'm lying. I Have no idea. And for some reason I feel like it's up north. Is it by Serbia? No, it's not that North Poland. Yeah. See that's, that's higher north. That's way up. That's, that's different area than where our ancestors are. Russia. I'm not gonna lie, I feel like our ancestors just fucked their way across Europe.


It feels like we have a little bit of everything. Yeah, it's true American, which is why we look like everybody True American mud. Yeah. I guess I'll pass the to, oh, we Need a little bit of this over here. And we have our Ashkenazi over here. Our Irish over here are Slavic down here are Serbian Here. We actually don't have any clue what we are on dad's side because he's the only one that didn't get the 23 and me or whatever. It's true. It's true. We gotta get that outta him. Yeah. He just always says he is American. I'm American. Doesn't matter. Yeah. We have ancestors in Pennsylvania, in West Virginia. I guess that's accurate. Pop. So yeah.


Solid photo. What was the question there? There was no question If Travis was a time travel. That was a question. Are you a time traveler? I I have some Marty McFly, but that's about as close as I get to time traveling. If you Could time travel, where would you go back to? Ooh, man, I'm trying to see some dinosaurs trying to figure out what the, how the fuck they made those pyramids. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. If I was, if I could time travel, I'd go back to Super Bowl 57 and make sure that we win that fucking game so then I wouldn't be depressed about not having lost that game. Hmm. Yeah. I really don't feel that bad about my Super Bowl.


I lost the Tom Brady. I mean, yeah. I I we won him against Tom Brady. I didn't do much, but it was fun. All right, let's get to this next one from Tati. I need to know the history behind this picture on do we don't, we don't know the fucking history. We just know the, I played football for a living. My memory goes, we Just know that I was strong as fuck as a baby. Look at that dude. Dude. I'm fucking doing Curl Travis Kelce. That's a pro bowl center center. He's Two years younger than me. That's a pro bowl. So Travis Is probably, he's not even a year old in that photo. That means I'm not even three yet. Look at that head of hair. I Have. I'm doing curls with my offhand peanut butter and jelly in my right. I don't know If you saw that. I'm fucking yoked.


Dude. Dude, it's an impress. You gotta, you it Must be the most impressive photo of my life. Dude captured a two and a half years. You Gotta get that outfit, dude. That is your kind of outfit. It's my outfit. Dig the socks. Got a nice bulge going. I hate you for making me look at your hate. You. I didn't wanna do it, man. Alright, Lemme get out of this fucking thing. Thank you for the picture. You guys wanna do a voicemail? Let's just do one voicemail. Alright, let's do one voicemail. You can just press this. Press Hi.


My question is, we, since we know that the winning Super Bowl team gets like a big party after what happens to the losing team? That why you fucking Laugh at that? The fuck is psychopath? These are Fucking like dreams from your childhood that you built up and you Yeah. You lose them. What? That was harsh. Yeah. To answer your question, the losing team, they both have parties and I, I, the one I lost actually was covid year. So we just jumped back on the plane and went the fuck home and I thought about jumping out the plane, honestly.


Yeah, it's very weird. You, you, so they already have the parties set up in advance. So you still have the party. It's just the saddest party I've ever been to picture a birthday party combined with a funeral. And that's what a Super Bowl. Yes. Losing party feels like The funeral always overrides it. For sure. Yeah. No, it's like, well there's like a, 'cause there's a bunch of like happiness that it's themed with, but everybody feels like somebody just died. Yeah. Kind of trying to justify what happened and Oh yeah. Like that was, it was a fun season. And you remember like, we, if we would've done this, oh, if we would've done that and coaches are leaving and you're saying goodbyes to teammates who aren't gonna be there next year, just going on a Jeremy Shockey Shockey man.


Yeah, I was, I'm, I was on a shockey for a good two years. The good thing About the Super Bowl, you're gonna go on a Jeremy Shockey. It's just gonna, you don't know which kind of Jeremy Shockey you're going on. Oh. You know, but If you win, you're going on to Jeremy Shockey and If you lose, you're going on to Jeremy Shockey. Shout out to Jeremy Shockey for being the best of both worlds man. For being the tight end. The Travis Kels who looked up to his Entire, oh my God, I still do. I still do. Jerry. Yeah. I gotta meet you with Shockey. Man. Fuck. You've never met Shockey Dude. He's the all like, literally the only one. I haven't caught him at any of the NFL. What is He doing now? I'm pretty sure he's hanging out around Miami football. He went to the U. So yeah, I think he helps those guys out and just enjoys South Florida.


It's not a bad life. Yeah.


All Right. Now that Does, that's it for no dumb questions. Brought to me. Brought you by Mint Mobile. Yes, sir.


Oh, that does it for this episode of New Heights. Good luck to the Big Yeti and the big game.


Make sure you subscribe on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and follow new Heights in the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can also listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, new Heights of Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go. Oh, let's go Sports Bar.


So We Were supposed to do some harmonies too, but Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thank you guys. The production and crew. Another amazing season complete. And we appreciate the 92 Percenters for always tuning in. You guys are the best. And we'll see you guys after the Super Bowl. Oh yeah. Enjoy Super Bowl Sunday, baby. That's cool, Baby peace. No matter how hard I try. He's in this, he's in the zone. You keep pushing Me inside and I can't break through.


Ooh, I like the hands. No talking to You. Ooh, don't gimme that. Sad. The sleeve. Oh, you gotta sit up. But after all, oh yeah. Sit. You see how You let to build. I'm gonna be the lonely one. Oh, do you after love, never to say. I really don't Think it strong. No, That was beautiful. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast.


You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


On January 5th, 2024, an Alaska Airlines door plug tore away. Mid-flight, leaving a gaping hole in the side of a plane that carried 171 passengers. This heart-stopping incident was just the latest in a string of crises surrounding the aviation manufacturing giant Boeing. In the past decade, Boeing has been involved in a series of damning scandals and deadly crashes that have chipped away at its once Sterling reputation at the center of it all. The 7 37 max, the latest season of business wars explores how Boeing wants the gold standard of aviation. Engineering descended into a nightmare of safety concerns and public mistrust. The decisions, denials and devastating consequences, bringing the titan to its knees and what, if anything, can save the company's reputation. Now, follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the unraveling of Boeing early And ad free Right now on Wondery Plus.