
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid IV dot com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code New Heights at checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun. Liquid IVs got your back. They even have Pina Colada. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How about that? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid IV dot com and use code New Heights at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code New Heights at Liquid IV dot com.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, you know what Makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey, Don't even be started and they're ever roasted chicken, the craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Oh, chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going an extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some Boar head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy than mayonnaise. A healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how, what hot sauce you're working with Boris said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, boars Head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boars Head committed to craft since 1905.


I never got any advice on sex from dad. We never had the bur and the bees talking to No we didn't. No, we didn't. I did not know how to talk to the girls. You were awkward. You were un uncomfortable. Jesus Christ. I wasn't gonna say that. I was uncomfortable. You were a little uncomfortable. Yeah, it was a OL messenger. Who was it? What about it was awkward? Jason? I used to ea drop in on your conversations on the phone. You remember when you told me to? Oh, it's we. You gotta take that Out. We can't do this.


Welcome back to New Heights, ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Zillow. Hey, everyone's favorite real estate app, download the app today.


We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kelce, my big brother, Jason Kelce outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alumni. Shout out to the Cincinnati Bearcats, opening up a new indoor Ooh, Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus wherever You get your podcast. And follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s Jason, tell the lovely 92 percenters what we got coming up. We got another great episode for you guys. First, we're gonna try to decide the next movie for New Heights Film Club. We're also gonna look at some wild fan mentions as well as get some fatherly advice. Ed Vice from The one and only Ed Kelce. That's right. Ed Kelce is joining us for a Little Father's Day special.


Yeah, let's get right to it. Let's start with some of that new news. New news.


New News is brought to you by Nickelodeon's Kid George Awards. What the Party of Summer Slime. Tune in this Saturday, June 21st at eight seven Central Live on NICKELODEON. All Right, now How about That? I'm tuned in. You better have the girls watching. I'm sure they're, they're gonna be pumped to see who the next male athlete of the year is. All righty. You can still vote for New Heights For Favorite Podcast and Travis for a favorite male athlete of the year. We need that blimp. Guys, I don't know if you're aware, I do not have a blimp. Travis has many blimps, but I would love a blimp. Blimps are awesome, especially when they have the word NICKELODEON tattooed across them in their orange. They're gonna be tattooed. Last new news item, weird recording schedule. This month Travis will be at mini camp and Tight end u. I'm gonna be doing stuff down the shore. We got BeerBowl. I have a golf hunting coming up. We got a bunch of things happening going on. We got sick. It's gonna be hard going on. It's gonna be hard to get together. We do have some recorded guests that we think you guys will really look forward to. Oh, you guys are gonna love these guys. That that's Right. That's right. Looking forward to dropping those here in the next coming weeks. And that's it for new news. New news is brought to you by Nickelodeon's Kids Choice Award. The party of Summer slime. Tune in. Yeah, baby. This Saturday, June 21st at eight seventh Central live on NICKELODEON. Yes sir.


Let's move along to some fan mentions. We had some some wild, wild mentions this week, but my favorite mention came with this beautiful tattoo of Jason's bald eagle. This is a wild, this is wild. I don't really, this is Wild. This is, this is, I mean, this is, this is fucking, How does somebody Art right here? How does somebody come up with this? The socks. The socks and cleats into the elbow pads and gloves. What's even hot? Jason, do you wear this for Kylie at home? Is there a picture of you like this?


Because this is, I mean, if there it, if you're ever in this stance, I would imagine this is what you look like. Just so confused on how this is a thing. What do you mean? Okay, let's click this link for the backstory. 'cause I don't know how one ends up with a tattoo like this. Here's the backstory from Erica Smith dot educates. Okay. We have an educator here. Meanwhile, III, want to know what incredible person got this tattoo? Hello? And then my little man. Oh seven. Funny story. I'm a Giants fan. My husband is an Eagles fan. We made a bet I lost.


Welcome to Pin Up Jason Kelce. And we're not gonna go to Joe for this. Oh my gosh. This story makes it even better. Oh my God. From the educator herself. Erica, this is absolutely hilarious. So this is Pin Up Jason. So a woman lost a bet. Yep. Because she's a Giants fan. That's Amazing. Yeah. And she's a woman of her word, I guess. Do we know that it's a woman? How do we know? I thought Kylie told me it was a woman and her name was Lauren. Oh God. Kylie's got Kylie's all over this. She was like, what the fuck is This? This is, yeah, she wants to see Pin Up Jason herself.


You should just, she does not trust me. She does not wanna see Pin Up. Jason One night you should just, Should I roll into the bedroom like this? Throw on the elbow pad, Throw on my, my game socks. My elbow pads. Go to the facilities and get my hands and wrists. Wrist tape. Put the gloves on. Oh, you know what this is probably a reference to is your, your ESPN body mag. Oh, nice. I mean, I didn't look like this there, But you did have the bald eagle over your I did have a bald eagle in that ESPN body mag. I forgot about that. Yeah, Yeah. How could You get, That's very good point. How could anybody forget the entire starting five? Yeah, the whole, the whole, the whole line at it.


Sometimes you block things out that you're not interested in thinking about. Oh, I know. Oh, do I Know? I mean, listen, I love a good bet that is a hell of a payoff. Like she has to walk around with that for the rest of her life. Yeah. I mean, III think it's, I think it's great. I guess it's not that bad. Would you ever get this tattoo? I mean, if I lost a bet, I would have to. What would be the Travis Kelce version of this? What? What Do you mean? Like, if somebody was gonna make a provocative Travis Kelce, what would you, you obviously wouldn't have a bird. What would you have? I Don't know. Let's le let's leave it to the 92 percenters, because I don't wanna talk about that. Pin up Travis. God damnit. Jason, why'd you throw me under the bus?


I don't know. This is, this is your yours. This Is your work. Listen, if I'm, if I'm having pictures made of this, this is your world. If I'm having pictures of me made like this, you need to have pictures of you made like this. It's not fair. Hey, there we go. Oh man, I wish I, There We go. I wish I had shoulders like that. All right. What's his appendage just said a Is it a dream catcher? Is it a, what's my version of, is it a Bald eagle? Arrowhead. Sharp and pointy. Dude, do you hear my kids just losing their mind inground? Of course not. Why would I hear that? I think Elliot needs help.


I'm gonna, can I go help Elliot real quick before she loses her mind? Do your thing, man. Yeah. All Right. Now that about does it for the fan mentions of the week. Yeah. Nice pecker. Jason, moving on to some New Heights Film Club. Hey, back into the film club.


New Heights Film Club is brought to you by Reese's and their new PB and J Cups. Yeah. We're gonna have one last installment of the New Heights Film Club before we wrap up this season. And we will have you guys vote on which of these four films we will be reviewing.


But first we need to pick a genre. That's right. We need to figure out, pick in a genre, pick in a genre, what genre we're we're gonna go for. Do we wanna do summer blockbusters? Maybe just one of our favorite Adam Sandler. Do some Sandler films in honor of Happy Gilmore coming out in July. We can do some summer scaries. You can, you guys want to do some, some scary movies? Get into some horror films or just some movies that give you fucking nightmares. Like Jaws scary Movies. Scary movies are fun to revisit because they're absurd. Like there's, oh Yeah. Especially the older ones. Yeah. Like they don't make any sense. Like why? Like just half of 'em are not even relevant anymore because of the technology.


Like they'd be so easily solved in like today's age with phones and whatnot. I forget what movie this was, man. But it was, it was about a giant like flock of giant mosquitoes. Mm. I know exactly. It's, I forget the name of the movie. Well, the giant mosquitoes was just Jumanji. No, no, no. But there was a, there was a movie Go. This is, this goes way back before Jumanji. Before Jumanji. You talking about Birds? The Al Alfred Hitchcock movie. It might be, I don't know. Because The only other giant insects movie. There was another one that, it was like a giant spider. There was Skeeter. That's a movie Dude. That's a mosquito.


It might be it, dude. Yeah. It was literally the biggest fucking mosquitoes ever. It used to scare the living shit outta me. Like this is it dude. Dude that. But that's the thing. These movies are so fucking ridiculous. This shit used to give me fucking nightmares. Dude. I'm Kind of in on an obscure film that a lot of people haven't seen. I like indie films and like stuff that's just like kind of like off the, You ever seen Bird Box? Bird Box is good. Yeah. Sandra Completely ridiculous. I, there was, so there were like, there were Two. My Dog Kes, my dog Kes is in there. Man. There Were two like movies where like the people couldn't see. Couldn't see.


And I just could not bring myself like Bird Box, which was, it was a fun watch, but like it's so ridiculous. Like you can't see anything and you're gonna get all this like, get the fuck outta here. I'm not buying it. And then the one that was even worse I think was C, I think it was an Apple tv. Tv. Oh, it was still a good watch. It can't be bad. It was Horrendous. They're running through the woods traps. I challenge you Right now. Blindfold yourself and run through the fucking woods. You will not make it further than about 20 feet. All Right. No, I'll figure it out. You are gonna hit something. No. Somebody thought of this idea like it was good and I thought it was the worst fucking thing on the planet. It was the stupid. It was. I couldn't do it. III, don't know why. It was awful. It was a awful show. It was really, really bad. I don't even know which one you're talking about. So talking about C.


Yeah. I don't think that's About where they couldn't see, but they somehow could still run through the forest. Alright, so what do you wanna do? Do you want to go down Scaries? Do you wanna do Sandler Films? Do we wanna just leave it up to the 92 percenters? This Is what I think our most successful and fan appreciated versions of these. Just gonna put it out. There have been either movies that females typically watch or movies that need to be reimagined in like a grownup capacity. Like Sandlot was okay, but we didn't really, it didn't have like a lot of like changes from the last time we've seen it. I think we need to watch something that we haven't, we both have not seen potentially ever. And a movie that is really popular that a lot of other people have seen.


But we need to watch it where most people saw it as a child and we are now seeing it as fully developed adults. So as long as the movie meets that criteria, I'm in on it. Ah, well good luck meeting all that criteria. Does that make sense Brandon? No. It makes all the sense in the world what you're saying definitely makes sense, but I just don't know. Yeah, I don't have that movie off the top of my head. We're gonna have to somehow create a genre. Well let's look at movies that were big in the nineties. Okay, That Travis and I just haven't seen Nineties rated R blockbusters is like kinda the search here. There you Go. That's a start. It's a start. It's a start.


Animal House is one way. Yeah, I think that was more eighties though. I mean, they're throwing us Terminator two Matrix Pretty woman. The Rock is so fucking, I mean III, don't think I've seen Pretty Woman. Ooh, that. Could that be Big? I think that one would be big. Pretty Woman would be big for us. People Would appreciate that review. I think Pretty Woman would be big for us. Us Pretty Woman. I think I actually saw this not too long ago. III. Think I have seen it, but it's III. Can't remember it. It's been a, it's been a minute. Goodfellas is a great one. Goodfellows would be a great recap. Especially being on living on the East coast now. Jerry McGuire. That's kind of interesting as like a professional athlete. The Bodyguard. Eh? Speed is so good.


Speed is ridiculous. Speed Is so good, dude. Honestly, we should review Tremors if we're gonna go with a movie that's like a, like a whore, but I've already seen them. But Total re recall call. Great movie. Fantastic movie. Yeah. Yeah. But we've seen it doesn't meet the criteria. Kind of in on Pretty Woman being one of the Choices. Alright, so Pretty Woman's one. Pretty Woman's one Dude. Nineties teenage movies, Nineties teenage movies. Clueless. Oh no, thank you. I mean, I've seen it. 10 Things I Hate About You. American Pie would be fucking hilarious to American Pie. Would be funny to go back now getting half of the references. Okay. Pretty Woman.


She's all that is. I'd go back to that one. I fucking love that movie. Wild Things. Remember sneaking into that One. I need pictures with these. I don't. I'm the worst. God damnit. I don't remember any of these Faculty's good. All right, we've got one so far. What About Wild Wild West? Ugh. I mean I don't, I don't like that people don't like that movie. I fucking love that movie. I think It's secretly a great movie that people have just decided the shit on. But you Gotta admit it's like such a dud after. I think like the two previous Will Smiths were Men in Black and Independent. Say, you gotta admit that's like a little bit of a drop. Of Course. But it's, here's my thing.


I think If you, If you don't shit on Jim Carrey for making the Mask in fucking Ace Venturas. This Is my only argument. If you remade Wild, wild West and Then go, If you then going Cable guy, If it like Quentin Tarantino remade Wild, wild West, it'd be a fucking banger of a movie. I'm not buying Quentin Tarantino's. Wild, wild West would Be. So I'm not buying this like it's a bad plot. Like robots fucking like III think the whole thing is fucking like is ridiculous. III know there's a guy with no Legs, there's a giant Spider III. Vaguely recall. There's like a A chase in a cornfield. And that's about where III about It mean. It's what I like about movies is it's completely ridiculous. And I feel like, do you wanna Add Wild, wild List? Wild, wild West to the list?


I mean, I'm kind of feeling like it. There's two. It does not meet the criteria I laid out. Oh my. Your criteria. Nobody knows what criteria. Yeah. We're gonna be here for the rest of the night. Thread the needle And man, I kind of Like throwing a bunch of just like randoms in there and like letting the 92 percenters dictate it. Should we just put the tweet out? Let's just put the tweet out. Okay. The criteria is Travis and I can never have seen it. How would they know this? They don't. We're gonna get re replies though. And there's gonna be something we haven't seen. All right. Jake, are you taking notes? It's gotta be a movie that we haven't seen.


Haven't seen. It's gotta be What were the, what was the other criteria? It had to be like from your childhood? So people haven't seen it in a very long time was the other Criteria. It's gotta be like a movie that is child-centric that a lot of people have not seen since they were children. Okay. But all right. Or do you not like that criteria? We can throw that criteria out. Not everybody was a child when we were a child. Those People don't count. Those people don't count. We don't count them. There's movies like Brink that were watched by exclusively children at the time, like grownups were not watching Brink. Brink would probably be a tough watch. Brink's a great movie. It's one of the only Disney movies that has held up. Brink is fantastic.


Okay. That's Up. And S are Are you kidding me? All right. Should we just do Brink? No. It sounds like you probably should. We Just do Disney Made for TV movies from The Nine Could do That. That's gonna get a lot of people going. Where are we netting out here? I don't know. III Don't know. I kind of like the idea of just asking the 92 percenters to submit movies and the, and the rule is we can't have seen it. That leaves it vague enough. Just just give us movies that you think would be funny to have us review. Give Us movies. We will decide on this end and we will let you know which one we pick. And this, do you Do like the idea Travis, or do you not like that idea? Yeah, let's do It. We got Travis in. All right. You guys send us ideas. We'll go through 'em. We'll pick one and we'll let you guys know what the pick is for July Film Club.


Jason, is there any more criteria you want? I don't think so. I think that makes sense. I think the idea of reviewing a movie that was mostly seen as people, as kids, as adults sounds interesting to me. Because you watch it under the DA different lens and most people are gonna remember it from their time as children. Yeah. Could Also just do Brink III. Don't know. I kinda like that idea. Puppet Suds Could Do Brink. We, we mentioned Pretty Woman that's been on me and T's movie list for a while. I'm down to watch that. A movie I think is very underrated. Wild, wild West. I fucking love Wild, wild West and Wild Wild West too. There's Wild Wild West too. Yeah. There's Not a second Wild Wild West.


Fuck yeah. This is real. You kidding me? I think the second one's got Owen Wilson in it or something. I forget what, which one is which Are you thinking of the movie with Jackie Chan where him and Owen Wilson are Shang Nights? Shanghai Nights? I might have been God damnit. I thought there were two Wbo West. Oh shit, there is. Oh wait, no, I think that's just Wbo West. Yeah, you're right. Top question on Reddit. Wasn't there a Wild Wild West Two? Was there not Literal answer is realize we were thinking of Shanghai Noon. Shanghai Noon.


Oh gosh. Oh my gosh. That is fucking, how many people think Shanghai Noon is just a sequel to Wild Wild West Dude. Shanghai Noon. Also a good ass movie. That one I wouldn't mind reviewing Shanghai Noon. I don't remember it as well as I think I just remember he pees on his shirt to bend the bars. Fuck. Oh man. There might might've been two Shanghai Noons. You said this shirt. You said this shirt doesn't break. Not piss shirt. Ben bars. How do you remember this? I'm a big Jackie Chan fan. Dude, we, we could even just do like some Jackie Chan movies.


If you ever, what's the one that's fucking not Escape from New York? There's another one. Rush Hour. What do You mean? No, no, no, no. There's so many good Jackie Chan movies. That is a rookie. Rookie. Jackie Chan. You got Drunken Master. You got, Ooh, you got, oh my gosh. What is the movie where they're running around New York and it's fucking insane. Oh, it is so ridiculous of a movie. Gosh, you're making me one of all right here. Let's just, let's just get out of this Big trouble in Little to Little China. Is that it most absurd Jackie Chan movie. That's what you're typing in Drunken. I do love Drunken Master Drunken Master's. A great one. Rumble in the Bronx. All right. So basically 92 Percenters.


There's really no criteria. We don't necessarily know exactly what we, what you guys want us to review. So we just want a little bit of a reference so we can start to narrow this thing down. Send in all your requests. We'll peek over 'em and and get back to you guys with which movie The New Heights Film Club will review. And that doesn't for New Heights Film Club brought to you by Reese's and their new PB and J Cups All Before we get to Papa Kelce, there's something we need to disclose. He's from a different time and error. People viewer discretion is advised. We don't know what this fucking guy's about to say. It's a wild, I mean, I just gotta be honest with you, He's a whole wild card. He is one of the nicest, most genuine people on the planet.


Not a negative bone in his body, it's just he know anybody with a grandpa knows something. All right, here we go. We're gonna get that Kelce out here. Hope you guys enjoy this.


Thank you to our presenting sponsor, Zillow. Let's be real. Who hasn't lost like an hour or maybe even three dreaming about their future home? I know I've lost countless amount of hours of time doing just that. You know the drill. It's 11:00 PM You're supposedly heading to bed and suddenly you're deep into listings on the internet. Imagine life in that craftsman style home with that perfect porch. But here's the thing. While we all love scrolling through the endless home options on Zillow, they've changed the game. That's right. They've made it simple for you to actually find, buy and sell homes. Plus Zillow always has your back. They'll connect you with a local real estate agent who actually gets what you're after. Maybe you're all about that suburban life with room for the kids to run around. And perhaps you're hunting for that perfect downtown loft. They'll zero in on exactly what matters most to you. Worried about the the money side of things. I mean, who's not right? Especially with homes these days. Check out their buyability feature. How about that? Just punch in the numbers that you can't afford and it'll show you what's within reach. No more guessing games. Gosh, they make it so easy to know exactly what you can get and what you want to work towards. And hey, when it comes to mortgages, Zillow, Home Loans keeps it straightforward with options that actually make sense for you. You can get started Right now by downloading the Zillow app. You're gonna need That Sounds like Home. Just got real with ZILLOW. Zillow Home Loans. LLC is a equal housing lender. And that's NMLS 1 0 2 H seven.


Alright, thank you to our partner Reese's and their new PB and J Cups. It's strawberry. They have grape and they're here for a limited time only. Ooh, man, that sounds like the perfect candy combination. Reese's does PB and J Cups. Some things just sound better together. You know what I mean? They do. Am I right? Do, am I right? Listen, you're right. You are right. The only question is what took 'em so long, better late than never. Reese's pp and J Cups, that's a candy. No brainer. If you ask me. Strawberry or grape, what are you going with? I'm a big grape guy. Gary III can see Gary If it always grape. I'm giving strawberry Right now, but it's always grape. I think Strawberry for these is gonna be better because chocolate and strawberry go to get better than str chocolate and grape. I've heard of chocolate covered strawberries. I've never heard of chocolate covered grapes. Do we just invent something? No. So get in on the greatness of not just one, but two new Reese's PB and J cups in strawberry and grape. Decide which one you love the most or just fall in love with both. It's perfectly okay to do that, but get 'em while you can because they're only here for a limited time. Only Reese's S New PB and J Cups. What's your jam found? Wherever You get your candy.


Thank you to our partner NICKELODEON. The most legendary awards show of all time is back on NICKELODEON baby. That's right. The Kids' Choice Awards is the party of the summer slime. And everyone's invited. I can't wait to see you. Takes home a NICKELODEON blimp. Please be me. Please be me. Please be me. Please be me. Did you know they double as kaleidoscopes? Does your blimp tongue on? Is that real? Yes. III didn't know. You know that's what it was called. But yes. So get ready for an amazing night. That's right. Filled with a musical performance by Kat's Eye. Appearances from Tony Hawk. I Spice Ali Lio, Victoria. Monet, Benny Blanco. And your favorite creators, some of them at least. Gamers, actors, athletes, musical artists. Sounds like it's got everything That's not all. NICKELODEON is honoring Jack Black with the King of Comedy Award, dude. And he's so deserving of it. Very deserving. Tune in to see if your favorites get to take home that iconic blimp. By the way, our show New Heights was nominated, so you know, If you don't mind, go vote. Do It. Jason wants a blimp. Jason wants, he's never gotten one. He hasn't, hasn't been cool enough. He hasn't been cool enough yet. So I was nominated for male athlete. Favorite male athlete. Favorite male athlete. If I'm your favorite, please go nominate me and that'll be my second nomination. You're gonna go and nominate us first, but tune in this Saturday, June 21st at eight Eastern, five Pacific. Only on NICKELODEON. That's right. Don't miss the Kids Choice Awards hosted by the one and only Tyler.


Alright. Father's Day was this past Sunday. Hey, so we're bringing the only man who can help us out with some Heights hotline, father's Day advice. Shout out to Twitter user Eva G for coming up with the name Ed Vice. Eva G on Twitter. Will this be on a regular episode or just a Wondery Plus episode? I would love some advice. Nice. Father Advice from Ed Kelce Live from Not gonna lie studios. We have Ed Kelce joining us. Dad, how we doing? We're doing great. We're doing great. Good shirt choice. Appreciate your and G Studio. Shout. Shout out to Kai for getting us Nice and set up. Dad, you look great. Good.


You got the Wings going? I should Pull my, Take my hat off and put, get my Wings showing a little bit. Jason, you just got the, Talking about the longer hair. These are like the Wings from the Flying Nun. Flying Nun. I don't, I don't get, I don't know that That's a reference we won't get. Must Have been a eighties or seventies reference. Right? What's The Flying Nun? More like 65, 64. Sally Field was a nun and she wore one of those hats with the Wings and the the wind would come by and lift her in the air. Oh wow. Oh, whoa. The flying nun. Now we get it. Wow. Yeah, there you go. Did she invent the cookies? Is that Sally Fields or what? What's the cookie? I'm thinking of Famous Amos.


Not Mrs. Fields. No, she did not make Mrs. Mrs. Fields cookies. Okay. All right. Sorry. All right. We've gone down a rabbit hole already. All right. I guess where, where do we start? Dad? What do you think of Father's Day? Let's start off with there. What do I think of it? Yeah, tough. What are your thoughts on Fathers Day? My thought on Father's Day is a celebration of your kids. Yep. Oh, All right. All Right. And how happy you are. And Nice. I'll celebrate to that. And what a great job you did as a dad. Yeah. There you go. Well, or or doing right. There's still, do you ever stop being a dad? Do you consider yourself dad still? Oh yeah. Yeah. How 100%, Jason, He was his father You two seconds ago into getting your ass in there to see a doctor by your sleep apnea.


Yeah. I'm not going into a doctor. Fuck they, they dunno what they're talking about. What do, what do, how is being a dad different at this stage as opposed to being a dad when you don't know what they're talking? When we were like W Wyatt, Bennett's and Elliot's Age and Finn, sorry. Finn. A lot more relaxing at, at this stage, everything's just a lot of fun. Less work. You're not fre about how they're doing in school, how they're treating teammates, how things are going in the neighborhood with them, how much trouble they got into that can be directly tracked back to you. What do you fret about these days? Between Travis and I? Between Travis and you're not much.


Not much. I think you, I think you're doing great. Okay. I, yes. So you do think that Father's Day is a real holiday. Jason, do you think Father's Day is a real holiday? I think Father's Day is, I think, yes. First of all, it's a real holiday. Anybody, anything that celebrates parents and family and raising children in this world should absolutely be celebrated. Okay. I think that Father's Day and Mother's Day celebrated across every nationality in some way. Actually, there's a really good way that the Germans celebrated. We mentioned this last year on the podcast. I would love to do this with dad one day. You know how Germans celebrate Father's Day Pop? No. Tell me.


The family drops them off at like a woods and they have a, a wagon that is filled with beer and different types of meats and sausages. And the dads just wander up into the mountains with a bunch of beer and sausages and they hang out together for a day and then they come back to meet their families afterwards. I was like, I'll tell you what, that sounds pretty fun. We, we can wander back to the pool and do the same thing. There We go. Perfect. There we go. We gotta go to the, we'll do The, we'll just get a wagon and ceremony and walk out. Backyard. Dad. Mom's in traitors. What? No, we can't say this. Oh, it's already, it's public. It's public. Rumored. Rumored. Rumored. What is it? It's public now. It's public. She's Allegedly.


I was lectured by your mother not to talk about it. Okay. Well, can we record something for when we can say this? What do you think our mom's chances winning Chances are? What? Of winning. Winning. What do You understand? Do you understand what You Know? I have no idea what she's doing. Okay. So this is the premise of this. It's a game show takes place in Scotland. Basically there's a group of people and there's two people in that group or a, a select amount of people are traders, which are people that can eliminate other people week by week. And the group of individuals that aren't the traders need to try and devise who the traders are before the traders eliminate all of the non-trad contestants.


What? I'm sorry. Alright. Perfect. So What Do you think mom's chances are of winning such game show? Haven't got a fucking clue. Don't know. Okay. Alright. If you don't know, I'm not a a reality TV show type person. That's not true. You used to love What's that? What were the history ones? What was the one where they used to bid on the, the freaking. Oh, storage Wars. Storage Wars. You used to, you were big storage wars. Never saw that in my life. I never saw, I mean, I've seen it on tv, but I haven't sat down and watched it. Storage Wars III used to sit there and watch What's the, what's the No, we watched the two guys.


We watched the two guys that went around hunting for junk. Yep. The American. American Pickers. American Pickers. There you go. Then you used to watch the, the Vegas one with the Chumley. What's the Oh, the Vegas. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So don't, don't gimme This ERs don't gimme the shit. Not a reality TV guy Stars. Pawn Stars. Oh, I don't, don't act like you're above reality tv. You used to sit down and watch Jackass with us. Yeah. What, as I recall, I was pretty much, pretty much adamantly opposed to jackass. Yeah. No, I think that's accurate. I'm pretty sure. Oh man. But you were missing out. Yeah. Oh yeah. You're lost. I wanna get Ed Casey's reaction to this photo.


Alright, let's do Brandon. You know exactly what photo I'm talking about. I have no idea what photo, so I'm You're gonna get my reaction too. No. Did somebody actually do that? This is, this is tattooed on a woman. This is, I think her name is Lauren's arm. Yeah, no, this is a bet that somebody lost and they have this tattooed permanently under their permanently. That's not a hena. No. I mean, III think you can take take them off these days. But no, I think that's an actual tattoo. Oh. What do you think? Immediate reactions. Immediate reaction. Yeah. Yeah. Fucking loony.


You know, what else can I say that's, this is, it's provocative. I saw that on, on, on one on social media and that's a cringe-worthy Cringe. Even. Even without, even without it being on somebody's arm. Just the picture itself. I've never heard the word, you use the word cringe. So that's, this is a new territory. I think it's pretty, it's pretty accurate. I've never seen anything that Well, it's made you feel like that, huh? Yeah, that's right. That's right. I think III don't, I don't think I look half bad if I'm being honest. I think it's a pretty, they did me a solid. This Might be the best you've ever looked. You can take that off the screen now, dad.


Fair enough. Have to ask Kai that one though. Alright, let's get to some heights hotline, man. Let's get to the fun stuff, baby. We're gonna listen to some voicemails, dad, that our viewers and listeners have sent us asking for parent advice. And normally Travis and I an answer them, but we always wish you were here to do this 'cause we know you would answer them far better than we can. Yeah. This one is titled Unwritten Rules with Dad. Hey Jason. Hey Travis. Huge fan of the show. My question, my no dumb question is, what was like an unwritten rule you had with your dad growing up? One of my unwritten rule I had always with my dad was when I'd be in the car with him, it would be nothing but his music.


He loved seventies, eighties rock, nineties rock Sounds like a Good dad. And we always watched football games together and that was like our big, like two big unwritten rules was that I hope to have a good day. Ghost sealers. Oh, there we go. Ghost sealers are, yins are actually, we didn't have any un we didn't have any written rules. They were all unwritten III. Only remember one. But it was, it was literally a rule that he, he told me was, but he only told me once it was, you gotta be home before the streetlights come on. That was the only like unwritten rule.


That's a rule That date back dates back to the sixties at least Since streetlights were a thing. Did you write down any rules? I don't remember any written rules. Oh, I don't know about any written. No. No. I think they were all unwritten, but there were tons of rules. Yeah. Don't talk back to your mom. Finish your food at the table. That always finish what you're eating. Yep. They're starving. Kids in China. Don't hit your brother in the face. No punches to the head. Can we still use their starving children in China? Is that still a acceptable way to get children to eat food? I think that's to each his own. Jason. I don't know. I kind of gave up on that one. That's that of the matter is I waited, I waited all these years for you and Travis to come back with.


Then Judy's retort. Which, which which, what was their Judy's? Well, if they were here, they could have my food. That's not Listen, Leave it to Ed Judy. All right. What were some other Ed Kelce rules? If you run, it's only gonna be worse. I remember that one. Yeah. Come here. If you run, it's only gonna be worse. I don't know. I'm I'm, I'm drawing a blank here. Yeah, That's pretty good. I Think it was more situational. The rules came up where there was a situation that demanded it. There was the golden golden rule, which kind of everything else fit within the Golden rule.


Then there was respect your, your teachers, your Yeah. The Elders in the room. Yeah. Well, like, but there was some, there was another level for like either teachers, educators or people that were older than you, which I felt like if we ever Your elders respect your elders. Yeah. Yeah. If we ever came back in like one of the older just parents or anybody was saying something, you were like, all right, that's enough of that. Like I feel like that was a big one. And that wasn't always easy to say. And I, and the reason I mentioned it is, you know how many of those parents or elders were just full of shit. Yeah, I know. You know, but you're just trying to keep your kid quiet and get out of there. Yeah. But the chances are your kid is full of more shit than the, the elders are, right?


No. No. Sadly, no. And that's, that's something you'll come to realize. All right. Fair enough. Fair enough. As the, as the girls get older. Alright. Your time is not so much keeping your kids in line as it is deflecting criticism and you know, rolling your eyes in front of the, the frigging idiots. Okay. Alright. Wonderfully said. Love that. What were your rules as far as like sports went? No, I And team. Yep. You're never as good as they say. You're also never as bad as they say. Yeah. Ignore the, ignore what people say.


Yep. Hardworking hustle beats talent. Always has, always will. I don't know If you did it on purpose or If it was just the athletes that you genuinely appreciated most, but you would always point out the athletes that were besides the ones that were really good and had personalities. I remember you loved Charles Barkley. We've been on that multiple times. Always been a big fan of Chuck. Yeah. You'd always point out like the guys that like ran hard or hustled like Yeah, Pete Rose and like different, sure. We were watching games, it was like, yeah. It was always like athletes that like either were intense or gave above and beyond like effort. I remember that was one thing thing certain to five the odds. Yeah. Yeah.


I've never stopped track of that ball. Things like that. Sure. I think we can hit The next one. Irrational Mad Dad moment is this title. Hey guys, this is Zach. I wanted to talk to you about Father's Day And it coming up soon And it made me think of times that my dad got irrationally mad at us and I wanted to know if there was any time Papa Kelce got irrationally mad over something little. Like I remember our big one at home was Dad got mad at us because the toothpaste was in the downstairs bathroom, not the upstairs bathroom. We got like a five minute lecture about it.


He's yelling and screaming. Anyway, That does feel a little bit irrational. You guys had a similar experience with your dad or maybe Jason. Can you admit you having yourself an irrational Mad Dad moment? Oh, absolutely. Alright, thanks. Bye. I don't ever remember dad being Irration. I'm pretty sure he was rationally mad. You should have been there when Travis put the hand lotion in the shampoo bottle. I mean, that's pretty rationally bad though. Pretty rational. You Put some hand lotion on your hair, you Came down the steps and your hair looked like it was glued together. Like you had just washed your hair. Looked like Cameron Diaz out of, what is that movie?


It was fucking ridiculous. I looked at you, I was like, oh shit, what did I do? Yeah, Travis looked at me and boom, he's out of there. Yeah. Looked like Cameron Diaz from something about Mary surprised you didn't go right through the screen door when he ran away. It's like, oh, I didn't realize that. And you were like, you were late to go to work or you were on your, you were trying to hurry up and get out the door and Yeah. That was a rational, I feel like most of the times I remember it was pretty rational. Yeah. Rationally mad was a big, a big one for Ed Kelce. There was a reason for him to be upset. What was, ah, man, I'm trying to think of an irrational one. I can't really, nothing comes to mind off my head.


What do you think? Pop? Do you remember any? No. I'm drawing a blank. I remember you irrationally You remember when we were on the, we were sledding down the hill. The that at, this was back when we lived in North Ridgeville. It was me, you and oh my gosh. The one neighbor, oh, what was his name? I think it's me and you or us two. And you were on one sled and we were headed for a rock. And I still don't know how this all went down, but you ended up jumping in front of us on the sled and the rock broke your ribs. So you're sitting there. Yeah, I broke a couple of ribs that was You're screaming in, in pain. I tried to angle, yeah, the first name. I remember his name just because I remember this irrational moment from you we're driving in the car and Billy says something.


Billy. Billy, that's right. Billy says something to you about driving and you're like, shut the fuck up, Billy. He asked me if I'm okay to, he saw me wincing in pain. He asked me, can you drive? He said, shut the fuck up. That was one of those things where we, I was trying to avoid the rock and we all went over and to keep from, from hurting one of you guys, I tucked my elbows in so I would roll over and that's how I broke the ribs. Why didn't you just grab us and roll the other way? I'm trying to envision how this rock was so, okay, well, God damnit. That's hilarious.


Would You, would you have one of those moments you could ask yourself, why didn't I go the other way? Fair enough. Fair enough. I get irrationally mad. All the problem with children is they're irrational. So that causes you to be irrational mad sometimes. There's a lot of irrational things happening when you're dealing with little kids. All right. Fictional father, let's go with that one. Shut the fuck up. Fictional fathers. Okay. You should be good. Hi, this is Lacey from Missouri and I was just wondering, Mo Father's Day coming Up. Jason, what fictional father would you say closely, most closely resembles your parenting style?


And I think that's it, actually. Have a good day. Okay. Lacey. Nice. I'll say this, I think my parenting style probably mostly resembles a nonfictional character in my own dad. I think that I definitely am very, I find myself being more and more similar to dad in the way I talk and do things with my children. And I think, dad, I'm trying to think of like, who's the best fictional character that that dad is represented by? Is it red from that seventies show? I feel like he's got a little bit of that. That's but maybe not as like curmudgeonly. He's more supportive of his children. Yeah. Who's a like, who's a rough, rough around the edges, but very supportive Father.


I'm trying to Al Bundy. Al Bundy. Oh my gosh. Oh gosh. That is low key. I mean, he's not supportive of his kids at all. He's, but it's Al Bundy's good. He's got, yeah, it's, you gotta go with the hotspot. It's like, it's got the sense of humor of Al Bundy combined with like, combined with the fatherly, like nurturing of like a huxtable. What's like Bill Cods? Like we can't mention Bill Cosby, unfortunately. But the character was phenomenal. John the show. Mr. Hs. Mr. Huxtables. Yeah. So I think, you know, that's Pretty good. III would say it's kind of like that. What do you think that's accurate, pop? I mean that's, damn You Tell that's pretty good. I Yeah, If you, If you wanna go, what's now I'm, I'm drawing Ed.


What Ed, what's what's the guy's name from, from married with children. Ed what? Al Bundy. Al Bundy. Al No, that was his, no, his real name is his real name. Oh, you're talking about Modern Family? No, I'm thinking what's his real name? Oh, okay. Ed O'Neill from Youngstown, Ohio Baby. Yeah. Played for the Steelers. He played for the Steelers. Yeah, he did III. Think it was only one or two years. Oh shit. If I'm not mistaken, he was a linebacker. I'm not sure. Are you Thinking of Jack Lambert? Look it up dude. Try me. All right. I listen Brandon, Look it up Right now. Had a brief stint with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Holy shit. Well well done. Dad At O'Neill Baby.


And he's from Youngstown. Four touchdowns one game. He's from Young season. No, that was, that was Al Bundy's big game. Yeah. Po High. But He did a movie where he was, went to his girlfriend's house to get her kid who was, who had been disappointed by his real father. Yes. And he had to carry, get him across town or not across town, across the country. Drive to meet his mother. I forget the name of that movie, but I just remember the kid was having such a fit. He, he tied the kid's feet and legs around a hockey stick and carried him out like a suitcase. That's an Kelce move right there.


That's a good one. Ed O'Neill really in any dad. 'cause he was the, he is the grandpa and the dad in modern family and he's very much a similar temperament to him. I didn't know he is from Youngstown, but that makes a ton of sense. Northeast Ohio. It does. Yeah. That's, that's a lot of ties right there. Maybe that's why we got so much of that. One of My favorite things ever in the house, and all my friends still say this to this day, is there was never like any like, come downstairs, talk to the guys, let 'em know you can't do that. It was just a scream from the side floor office. No. Hey, Shut the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah. And immediately everyone froze. It was like, yeah, we can't do that anymore.


All right. Yeah, we're done. Yeah. I do remember one time at, we were at the rink and Travis and a bunch of kids were playing hockey outside the rink While you were skating. Yep. Yeah. And, and and you know, they used to do that in the one corner Oh yeah. Of the rink. And some people, some, some, some grandparents are trying to get by to go up the stairs. And I was on the other side of the rink. I yelled out, yo. Yeah, it's like seven kids dropped the hockey sticks right away. Listen it dude, it it trans it translates, it translates to me. We were at the Phillies game this week and we took the girls and some fa some family friends brought their kids and one of the other ki I don't even realize this is like a thing that just our family does, but one of the other kids was standing like, you don't wanna sweet how like the front, she was like climbing on the front of it and I was like, yo.


And immediately she like gets startled And it starts crying and I'm like, oh fuck, I just fucked this up. Like this kid isn't normally used to get in this kind of treatment. I'll tell you one of the coolest things is, and this was maybe two or three, what are the last few years that Jason played? Were in the downstairs in the family room in that, that lounge. And you know, they've come by four or five times trying to get people to leave. And I walk over by the door and the security guy was be, the security guys were very cool about it. They weren't rushing you, but people were getting Nancy. So I just told the guy, I said, watch this. And I just yell, yo, all of a sudden everybody starts walking out.


Dude. It's a powerful, like, like Kylie's family has the whistle. Ed can do that loud. Like, and that's, I'm jealous of that. So am III. Don't know that there's like the yo is undefeated. You just went about a yo in the middle of a crowd. You could say yo Right now in the middle of a sea of people and be like, whoa, shit that Kelsey's here. Let's get to one more. That was a, that was a dadism if I'd ever heard one. Let's, let's, let's listen to one more of these things. NJ from LA here. I'd like to know what is the best piece of advice your dad gave you about dating sex, marriage and parenting And also what is the worst piece of advice he's ever given you?


Thank you. And love to show. Okay, thank you. That's an awesome question. I never got any advice on sex from dad. We never had the bur and the bees talk. No we didn't. No we didn't. Yeah, no, he left that to the Cleveland Heights public school System. System. Yeah. The health hell class I lives without it. You can too, Mr. Hoon, Mr. Ho. And man. Robowski Coach. Coach Roboski. Coach Robo taught us about sex. Hey man. Coach Jones. Mike Jones was a Man. Coach Jones. That's right. What were the other ones? Dating? I remember I was, I was trying to figure out how to, how to get a girl to, to, you know, think I was funny or cool and in like early middle school, like maybe like sixth, seventh grade.


May might even been younger than that Dad at this funny way of like, hey, you know, just, just be a friend. Just be cool with her. Just be, you know, she doesn't like you. You know, pretty girls all hang around pretty girls. Yeah, That's right. Yes, yes. I was like, alright. Yeah, there you go. Just be friends with him. That's right. And I do remember, I do remember a brief discussion Jason and I had when he was at uc. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. What's this? No, he was telling me that you know how good I was with the women. Yeah. See these girls, but I really don't wanna, he said, I really don't know what to talk about. And I told you that. And it's true for every guy, any guy listening, You know, I know I play football.


I know everybody likes to talk about that. But tell me about you. Oh wow. All you gotta do is shut up and get them to talk about themselves. And you ain't gotta say another word. Nod your head. Oh wow. Yeah. Cool. Oh wow. Oh wow. You know, you had the little comments in there to make her feel good and just perfect. You don't have to say nothing, You know I, there you go. No, this is good. This is, there you go. This is why you remind us a better o meal. This is why you behind us also why I live alone. Hey, I actually don't think he's listening to me. He's just acting like he wants They figured you out When I was on AOL instant messenger and you definitely encouraged me to just talk to girls.


'cause you could tell that I was just Aw, I did not know how to talk to girls. You were awkward. You were un uncomfortable. Jesus Christ. I wasn't gonna say that. I was uncomfortable. You were a little uncomfortable. Yeah. Who was it man? We were fucking, it was a OL messenger. Who was it? What About it was awkward? You just said you are real at ease. Talking to girls. Jason, I used to ea drop in on your conversations on the phone. You remember when you told me to? No, it's, we, You gotta take that out. We can't do this. And that's all the ed advice we got for you. I'll tell you advice I gave you that you didn't, that you didn't pay attention to. Oh gosh. What's that?


Katie would say that she sees you and she says hi to you, but she say nothing back. Oh really? And I tried to tell you, you see Katie talk to her. Not that you have to go out and that you're gonna start dating her. She's a little older than you, yada yada. I did not know how to talk to girls, but every girl in school was watching you talk to this hot older chick. It's this hot older chick. There you go. Alright. Alright. Advice. And that does it. That's for advice. Advice, Advice. That's advice with Ed Kelce. Happy Father's Day everybody. Alright dad, I'll see you for Father's Day Maybe. Love you big guy. Thanks for, thanks for coming on here and having some fun with this. Anytime. You know what? Love You, pop Love you all.


Thank you to our partner, DraftKings basketball fans. The WNBA season is heating up just in time for summer. From buzzer beaters to breakout stars, every game is bringing the energy. Whether you're backing your favorite team or following rising talent, you can play along with our partners at DraftKings. Pick six. A fresh way to experience daily fantasy sports. All new customers who pay just $5 will score $50 in bonus bucks to keep you in the game. Download the DRAFT KINGS Pick six app now and sign up with Code New Heights. Getting started is simple. Just download the DRAFT KINGS Pick six app and sign up a code New Heights. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat. Like will they score, I don't know, 20 or more points, or will they have three or more? Sis, that's kinda how it works. Lock 'em in, compete against others for a huge shot at huge cash prizes. Download the DRAFT KINGS Pick six app now and sign up with Code New Heights only on DRAFT KINGS. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open owner or access an advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK Horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only. Must win to share $1 million. Cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


Thank you to our sponsor, Allstate. Hey yo. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking with Allstate first, like You know, to check if you've got a bug spray first before you go on a major hike. Yeah, like you know, to check If you got a working fan first before the heat wave hits. Like you know to check if you've got waterproof sunscreen first before spending the day at the waterpark. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds, even thousands if you're lucky. Nice. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Booked through Amex travel.com so you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guarantee 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more at American Express dot com slash with Amex CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


Alrighty, folks, that's, that's our dad. That's Ed Kelce. That's Dad With some great fatherly advice. Love you dad. We gotta incorporate Dad more in the show. He's a wealth dude. Come on. Wealth of just like entertainment. Come on. This is my favorite human being, man. BeerBowl submissions are also closing tonight. We'll notify the teams that make it by this Friday, June 20th. Send to at new HUD show with one s and use BeerBowl. We've had a lot of good submissions this year and we're narrowing it down, right? We're gonna shout out Drew Garrison. Drew Garrison from Cincinnati. I believe if I, hopefully that's the right one. Let's take a look at this link from one of the submissions.


You Oh wow. Okay. Play a little BeerBowl, little BeerBowl. Oh has a little team Action. Make beers. Go. Bye. Bye. Oh no. Bad pass takes it serious though. Profanity. That's how you know you serious. Oh No. Oh no. Oh gosh. This is, they have a lot of good, impressive teamwork on the BeerBowl. I will say this is a very long match.


It's gotta be multiple matches. I mean extra points for all the Garage beer merged Drew Garrison out of Ci Naty. That was, that was fun. That was good content, right? That's good. That's good content. Nice. Solid. They're also playing my favorite game, which is BeerBowl Ball. BeerBowl. BeerBowl is my favorite beer drinking game and requires teamwork, athleticism and beer drinking ability, all combined in one sport. He, he had the no look, he had the no look. Pass down. Shut out. To Drew Garrison Sibling Swagger.


Oh, I like this intro already. This intro is amazing. Oh hey. No. Yeah baby. I'm all about this Legend. Hello of the hidden tempo. Fuck Yes. Welcome to New Heights. Intro is epic. I'm getting so excited Right now. The nostalgia Right now is unmatched power Sought the legendary treasure hidden deep within, not gold nor jewels, but their mother's famed Thanksgiving dinner rolls. Legends spoke of their walls. Oh gosh. Oh Gosh. Coveted by all This is so ridiculous. Is this Ai, how did they get this It strength and agility. His movement's like a Jaguar prowling under This is great Jason, the elder.


How fucking long is this? Do they at any point show themselves? Correct? That is correct. What color was the light? Hold up, hold up. Go back to go back to his correct answer. Go back to his correct answer. But the penalty in the warm embrace of family. This is amazing. Next question. How did the legend describe the dinner roll Blue bear? This is incorrect guys. Jim, if they, they have to be in this is, this is legendary, Warm and fluffy.


That is correct. What color was the labyrinth? Blue Barracuda. Pauline, that is not one of our choices. Jaguar. And we're rolling. That dude's correct Dog. They have to. This Is great. I'm I'm They're in just for greatest the creativity. God damnit. My face hurts, man. That was fucking gold. I'm think about taking away points for ai 'cause I'm pretty sure Mack was AIed out the ass, but I don't care. That was so good. You gotta keep it in. Wonderful job. Oh, she was epic. The standing there with the beer Sibling swagger is in.


That was great. That was outstanding. I'm also trying to obtain Korean announcers for BeerBowl. So if there's anybody that has experience being an announcer in the language of Korean, we would love to have you be the host for this year's BeerBowl. Think about how electrical it'd be. You can write a book on how to get canceled. It would. It would. You're gonna write a book on Adam. Get canceled. Be Beautiful III. Don't do that. I mean listen, they're better than us announcers. I'm just saying announcers in English is kind of electric. Fucking Korean announcers. There's just something about it. It's fucking gets the party fucking going. It's gonna be absurd. It's gonna be incredible.


People are gonna be into this fucking thing. Gonna have, have to have translators talking to the teammates. No, that's not, yeah, I mean it's the way they do it in baseball. It's not electric. They do it with Shho, Ani and Major League Baseball. New Heights BeerBowl brought to you and presented in Korean. Alright dude, I think it'd be electric. I'm just saying, I think it'd be pretty fun. We're gonna find out. I guess If you could Find somebody that we might not, I don't know that we're gonna be able to find any green announcers Over there on the Jersey Shore III. Think they might be in Korea. Just a hunch. Yeah, that makes sense. South Korea. Probably Keep sending in those BeerBowl submissions. Guys. That was, that was fucking electric. All right, that wraps up another episode of New Heights.


Thank you to Papa Kelce for joining us on the show next week. Chiefs fans, you're gonna be loving the episode we got for you. We got another great guest for you guys. So make sure you're subscribed on YouTube, the New Heights Channel. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, New Heights of Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Zillow, your favorite real estate and rental app. And just to fucking get on the app and start looking at shit. Yeah, Exactly. It's the best fucking app ever. Download the app today.


Follow the show on all social media at New High Show with one s and thanks to our production and crew for always making us and our dad look way better than we are. And thank you to the 92 percenters. We love you guys. We'll see ya next week. Thanks for tuning In. Oh, did Kylie show you the pinup first? Yeah, actually she Beat me to it. Yeah, I think she saw it on TikTok. She did see it on TikTok. 'cause I then couldn't find it and I was like, where the hell is that thing At? Yeah, I'm pretty sure it was like Artie a thing on TikTok was Pin Up. Jason. I Like the, we're calling it Pin Up Jason. It's Pin Up. Jason, what do you wanna call it?


It's so fucking good. You're a little, little Perverted. No, it's artistic. Yeah, Jason, it's, you gotta celebrate. You're just showing, you're showing. So One of the comments there was, I mean all the, a lot of the comments made me laugh. One of my favorites was, it's got a good pecker on him. The old pecker, the That's great. Old woodpecker, right. Good looking pecker on that guy. Well done. Let's, let's get that thing off our screen. Yeah, let's, let's, let's move on.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here, and I am so excited to tell you all about a podcast from Ballin Studios called Redacted Declassified Mysteries, And it's hosted by the incredible Luke Lamana. From covert government experiments to bizarre assassination attempts redacted dives deep into the astonishing true stories of uncovered secrets, lies, and deception within the world's most powerful institutions. Stories like the Mind-Bending Truth Behind Operation Paperclip were former Nazi scientists were smuggled into America to advance US technology and intelligence during the Cold War, or the shocking story of Charles Manson and the CIA revealing how a notorious cult leader might have been entangled in a web of covert operations. Trust me, when I tell you the stories are real and the secrets are shocking, be sure to follow redacted Declassified Mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever else You get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.