
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Get ready for the A FC Championship game with a Paramount plus subscription on Prime video. Prime video makes it easy to manage your streaming lineup. Prime members can add Paramount Plus and over 100 more premium and specialty subscriptions to unlock a world of movies, TV, and sports all in one app. Experience the convenience of having your favorite subscriptions in your Prime video account with one login and one password. Don't miss the action. Watch the NFL on CBS with a Paramount Plus subscription on Prime Video.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career. Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown SCS, the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


Being in company with a guy like Tony G has gotta be just like surreal. But I gotta say, fuck that dude. You're the fucking receiving touchdown leader in Kansas City Chiefs fucking history. Hey, Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Woo. Happy motherfucking New Year. How About that? That's right. You Too late to say that. No, it's great. It's really good. I haven't seen you guys in so long. Wondery show. That's what this is. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment. If you didn't know.


And a big thanks to our presenting sponsor AUDIBLE, because who doesn't like to listen? AUDIBLE. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial. What? Audible dot com slash New Heights. Check it out.


We're your host. I'm Travis Kel, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio Heights, tigers Till we Die. You Sir. Cincinnati Bearcats as well. Subscribe on YouTube wherever you get your podcast. Wondery Plus is our favorite. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We're back. Yes. Yes. Hope the 92 Percenters have loved the holidays and a happy New Year's, but what's the cutoff for saying Happy New Year? Just whenever you see somebody within the month of January, I think is a good, happy new. Nah, it's maybe two weeks. It's a little far Weeks. I think we're the cusp here. Half weeks. You gotta be within the same week of the Happy New Year. No, no.


I'm a big general like Yeah. Yeah. Happy New Year. Happy New that. That's the 10th. You know, I mean, we still got a good 50 weeks left. We got a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. I don't know what else to go with it for that. All right. Today we are going to talk about what we've been up to wrap up last week of the NF NFL regular season. Look ahead to the Wild Card Drama Playoffs. So much to talk about So much. And also we're gonna try and rank the plays of the year. Ooh. Alright. Blind rank them things. Let's see how that goes. I like That. We did that for the Christmas movies. End up pretty good. All right. All right. All and as always.


And new New news. New news is brought to you by Peloton.


All right. Ooh. Oh, nice. All right. We're dropping some new merch from Homage. Yes, we are. It's our ultimate fan favorites collection. I think we got Jets. Jake here. He's got some of these shirts. He was in town for the first taping of the late night show you as a water boy and now Woulda, He's gonna show us some of these shirts. How about that? Oh, is this Vanna White or is this Jets Jake? I know which one I think is better looking. You got a new house There We go out of the house. Couple options. Couple options for out of the house, Dude, I love those. I love those. What do we got? What do we got? Nice. What else? We got a little New Heights Club 92. Club Club 92. Oh, nice Little Club 92. Shout to all our club. 92 members. We're Bringing back some fan favorites. We got the beard. Ooh. Yes. Is that, that's It's, That's Travis, Or that's me? No, that's you, Jason. Stop. Stop it. My beard isn't that dark. The Tre Reor. And then we got what you're Wearing. Oh, what I'm wearing. Oh. New Heights Film Club. Yes, sir. I like this. Oh, that one's sweet. I want that one. Right. Do I get any of these? They didn't tell me If you were getting 'em or not. I'll check the mail. They're at your House. Oh, nice. Well, As you just said. Yeah. This is our ultimate fan favorites collection. The official shirt of leaving the house. Is this official you did? Do we need a shirt first? Stay in the fuck inside the house. No, as is all of Kansas City Right now because of this crazy snow storm. Yeah, I'm kind of sick of that. I'm already sick of it, so No, I'm gonna say no. We need more out of the, out of the house. More outta the house. More outta the house mentalities. Yeah. To, to keep this city thriving. You know, it's, it's playoff football. We gotta get the fuck outta the house. I'm, I'm with that. I'm with that. You can check out our Ultimate Fan Collection Right now at homage.com/new Heights.


You heard the man? Yeah. Let's, let's catch up on some holiday stuff. Did you guys watch any of the college football playoffs? This is Brandon asking us. Yeah. Jason, did you watch any of the college football Playoffs? I am not gonna lie. I've watched none of the football playoffs for College. Nice. Did you watch any of the holiday football NFL games? I did watch a lot of the holiday football NFL Games. Nice. Including the Kansas City Chiefs. Yes, you did. That was a good one. That was a good one. That was a fun one. Very good one. By the way. You had a new pair of cleats on, we talked about this New pair of cleats. Those was a new pair of cleats. Same pair of cleats.


It was a solid red, no, it was a different pair. Oh, a different colorway. Nice. It looked like same cleats, different color. Yeah. It looked, it looked like a little bit higher top. I I Think it was a different pair of cleats. Little bit more of a boot. Yeah. You're hilarious. I'm pretty sure Jordan makes 'em the exact same when they make 'em. They just switch the color out. But no, I hear what you're saying. Sometimes. Sometimes the color makes A difference. You looked, you think I looked a little lighter, a little quicker. You looked Pretty, looked pretty quick out there. And you had some good agile. I, Somebody said I, it looks like I'm moving in slow motion. That's A different cleat right there. That's The exact same cleat that I've been wearing all year. Nope, That's look, that's shinier. It's got like a leather, it's patent leather plastic Around it. Leather. It's patenting leather baby. Ain't nothing like a Jordan 11 with some patent leather On it.


Let's keep those up. Let's keep wearing those. You don't like the other ones? Yeah. No. Yeah. Well, they didn't like you either. How about those Texas longhorns? We know who put that in the fucking rundown to shout out to the Longhorns. I'm not a Longhorn hater. I got some friends and, and shit. 92 Percenters. Wanna know? Did you watch the Mayo Bowl? Jason, your favorite? I watched the clips of all the ridiculousness from the Mayo Bowl, but I did not watch the Mayo, the Dukes Mayo Bowl itself. I think Interim Brandon has a video, the patented. That's not Bad. Get it out the skate.


Wow. I mean, it's just a waste. Ah, I'm sweating. Get it off the screen. Oh, it's in his hair. What do you think countries that are struggling? Ah, not again. What do you think countries that are, that are like struggling for like food watch, something like that. And it's just like how many eggs went into that water cooler of mayonnaise that we decided to dump all over somebody's head. I mean, just, that's what dad mentioned all our childhood is that there's kids starving Are in China, which I think China is a lot different spot than it was when we were kids.


But I think I, I don't know if that one still works. I Think this kid's starving in every country at some level. I think that's probably true. That's probably Accurate. That's just kind of how Yeah. The world goes, unfortunately. Yeah. But it's, it's our job to help them by eating all our food. At least that's the message dad told us. That's, that was what we were told. At least to be grateful anyways. No, we did not watch the meal bowl. Let's get the fuck outta there. Mean there's a lot of funny bits that they did with mayonnaise though. I gotta admit to that. No, the best was the, the Poptart Bowl. Can we get out of the May? Can we get outta Mayo? God, What the fuck is That? They're like bobbing for something. Oh, what are they bobbing for?


I'm not gonna lie, man. I love mayonnaise. This is fucking gross. Like it is. It's just, it's very hard to Get this shit outta here, man. God damn it. Oh my gosh. It is fucking, you're going in face first. Could you imagine getting that shit up your nose, Man? Oh man. God dammit. I'm gonna shut the fucking computer down If you do anything more with Mayo. I Mean, not, that's not a challenge you want to do. I feel like we got another Mayo thing coming up that's, I don't want to know anymore.


I'm kind of over it too, but now I just kinda wanna see. All right. That's it. All right. That's the last of the mayo. All right, man. What the fuck is that? Those potatoes. They were getting potatoes out of there. It's fascinating. I don't know where to even go. Brandon Said the Poptart Bo Bowl was good Though. I thought they had the coolest mascots. The mascot was fucking around. They had the unveiling of it, like the ripping of the foil. Yeah. Saw that. What was your, what was your favorite poptart growing up? The flavor. My Favorite Poptart. If we're not counting toaster strudel. No, no, no, no, no, no. We're talking, I'm talking flavor of like the out of the wrapper Pop-Tarts Silver wrap. I Mean, listen, it's hard to go wrong with the strawberry, but the brown, the Fuck is so good.


The brown, what was it? The brown sugar one was like nice changeup. I didn't like it all the time, but when I had had strawberry too many times in a row, it was like a good little switch up. It was a nice curve ball. Yeah. Was that what that was? Was a brown sugar? I Think it was brown sugar, Right? It was. There was, there was a brown sugar one. I think there was a s'mores one. I never, I don't fuck with s'mores for some reason. I'm not a big You're not a smores guy. Smores guy. No, not flavored. And really, if I'm being honest, not even like make 'em, it's just the messy, I just get marshmallow over my beard. Yeah, that's fun by a campfire though, dude. There's the sneaky one that came in as we were just like getting too old for to eat Pop-Tarts every day. Did you go the Blueberry one? Which? The Wildberry.


Wildberry. Yeah. It Was the purple with The blue. The purple lacing. Yeah. Dude, It's a good one. It was a very good one. Fucking crack. Couldn't you? Could you imagine a childhood without those? I don't know. By the way, I saw one of the most disturbing videos ever of somebody torching Oreos. Torching I saw that. I saw with where it's just like, dude, it's basically flame retardant. Are you Fucking kidding me? Listen, man. So what happens when you, when you, when you, when you eat heavily processed food, it's, it's pretty resistant. It's a resistant material. It was torching a Oreo for like fucking 30 seconds. And the Oreo did not fucking even catch on fire.


No, it was a, it was like a heat shield, like deflected. It. It looked like the Oreo was, it looked like the Oreo was entering Earth's atmosphere. And it was just like plummets and like, was not disintegrating. It was just fighting Off. Basically. If you, If you, It was a comet. If You, If you threw an Oreo out of the space station, eventually it would, It would land. It would land. It wouldn't burn up in Earth's orbit, which is crazy to think about. They should just cover the space shuttles. I, I don't know why I can't eat 'em now. I can't. I feel like I'm just doing so bad, something so bad to my body. And I used to eat 'em by the fucking sleeve Row. Yeah, Right by the sleeve. Yeah.


Moving on. Jason is officially a late night TV host. That's right. They called it late night. They call it late late night premiered last weekend. Yes, it did. That. It did. How'd it go, dude? How did it feel to, to be live? Oh, I just, you know, didn't look at the camera and played to the audience and did everything that every late night show told me not to do. So that was perfect. No, it was good. I mean, listen, I think we had Charles Barkley. Fuck yeah, you did. Little Dickie. Yeah. And Brian balding the, the crowd was electric. I love that. It was a lot of fun in the venue. And you do that in Philly, right? We Do it in Philly, yep.


Nice Union transfer. Yeah, I mean, we tried some delightfully stupid comedy bits that were fun to try and we did some panel discussions and we had a fan contest for chugging beer to see who won, who got some tickets to the Super Bowl. I love that, man. I dunno. I'm learning. It was a good experience. I talked to my man, Scott Van Pelt, and he was, you know, just like, it's exciting to start something new, right? And you're, you're, you, you've worked a lot to get there. And then you have, you just keep on figuring it out. So it was a, it was a great time. The guests were fantastic. The crowd was into it. So I just wanna thank everybody because I had a blast. As long as you're having fun doing it, man.


That's all time. Listen, all I'm doing, I can't say it on this 'cause the Will Ferrell thing comes out on Friday, but we're going full said, that's all I thought. Oh yeah. Listen, everybody loves him. When Jason goes full said, We got Joe Buck and Michelle Biner buck coming on the show this Week. Oh, it's gonna be awesome. So that'll be fun bucks. Yeah, man, you have to, you have to ask him about what happened at the Super Bowl. Come on in 2019. We're Not getting into this Felt so bad, dude. Get me outta here, man. Sorry about that, Joe. I love you. Yeah. And is this, are we catching up with what are, what did I I went, I didn't do anything for New Year's.


Stuck working on New Year's Eve and New Year's and Yeah. Until I got, well, You went to New York. I did go to New York. I had some delicious food and got to see the big city, which I fucking absolutely love. Love the big city. All right, Well, last bit of new news. We're back with not just one episode this week with two. Oh yeah, that's Right. You're gonna get, get two new episodes of New Heights this week, this Friday. We will drop a guest episode with the One and only Will Ferrell. Ah, favorite part of the combo. I do know. I don't know, Dude. I mean, I think, I think his advice struck both of us, us as like gold.


Yeah. And we'll let you guys, we'll let you guys catch up on that if Nate didn't already just completely delete it outta the scene. It Was so fun to reminisce about all the characters he's played, like, and the hear how he got started in it and, and just advice on, you know, how to be successful and funny. Let's not kid ourselves. The best part of the show was him answering some of our new Heights call-ins voicemails. Yeah, you're right. You're right. It was, and you guys are not gonna wanna, you're not gonna wanna miss that. We got to see Will Ferrell in action in person off the cuff. We got to see, you know, anyways, okay. I don't wanna, Hey. No, no, No, no, No.


Alright, that's it for new news. It's brought to you by Peloton. Find your push, find your power with Peloton.


Hey, whoop. Moving on to Bold Topics. Wrap up week 18 in the NFL. Alrighty. Week 18. The Kansas City Chiefs are in the playoffs. Yeah. So yeah, here's what the chiefs have been up to since we recorded our last episode. Travis is now the all time leader in receiving touchdowns for the Kansas City Chiefs. How's it feel Bubba? Huh? It feels about The same as when I was tied with Tony G when you touchdown. I've been very, You know, I feel like towards the end of your career when you hit these milestones of, you know, anybody playing past 10 years is gonna hit some type of milestone, whether it's games played or whatever it is, statistically.


And, you know, it's, it's cool, but I'm, it's cool, like being recognized for, you know, whether it's just greatness of being out there on the field or touchdowns or something, stats or any, something like that. But I feel like I'm in such a mode of like, trying be, trying to be better than I was yesterday. I've just, I'm always thinking of, I need to be better. I need to be better that when I pass or I do something like this, where I, I hit a, a big milestone in my career. I'm just like, yeah, but I, I need to be better than that. Yeah. I need to be, you know, I'm, I I'm not about to sit here and, and think about, you know, how far I've come when I'm, I'm still striving to go somewhere that's even greater than where I'm at.


Over the past, like when I first got in the league, stats were fucked. I mean, that's everything. That's how I judged somebody's, you know, greatness. And I Think it just goes so much further than that for me now. You know, not necessarily because I'm not putting up the same stats as I used to, but more so is I, I know how to influence a game more than just what the, what the stat book says. Sure. And, and I've kind of pride myself on that now. And it's, it's just, it's when I, when I see that I've achieved stats like this, it's kind of like, yeah, man, it's cool to, it's cool to be in the conversations of the great ones like Tony Gonzalez. And don't get me wrong, I, this is only what Tony accumulated in Kansas City.


This, I'm still like another a hundred or 40 touchdowns away from catching his all time career touchdown record or touchdowns. It's a, it's cool to be in conversations with him knowing that he's been the guy that I've set at the, the top that I've been chasing in terms of his greatness every single day. I remember the legend of Tony when I first got here, just trying to fill his shoes in terms of how hard of a worker he was. Everyone raved about, you know, the time he spent in the building, the time, the focus he had on his nutrition, the, the, the amount of hours and the amount of, the amount of catches that he had on the jugs before practice, after practice when guys weren't in the building and things like that. And it's just the, the legend of him was, was so, you know, unachievable that I, I just started to like, every single day try and become that version of myself.


You know, just spend the time in the building find, find ways to keep getting better and find ways to, you know, be the best version of yourself. And I'm just so fortunate that I had Tony g sitting at, on, on top of the pedestal and trying to fill his shoes my entire career because I think that helped me moti motivate myself and helped me really appreciate the, the situation I was in here in Kansas City. Yeah. I mean, listen, I think, I think you and I are both on the same page with stats. I mean, you, you coined the whole term LeBron stat. I think that they can be very misleading at times and not telling the whole picture. Yeah. You know, being in company with a guy like Tony g has gotta be just like incredibly surreal.


Especially from like watching him play and knowing how dominant he was. But I gotta say, fuck that dude. You're the fucking touchdown receiving touchdown leader in Kansas City Chiefs fucking history. That's fucking crazy. Yeah, there, it's, that's entire franchise's history. You're the number one receiving. And I know that it's been building up, so it's not like, you know, it's come outta nowhere. But I think when you look back to being a third round pick, when you look back to like in college, you know, you know, having struggles or whatever, playing quarterback, then going to tight end. It's just been a crazy career arc. Yeah. And it's something that I think is awesome and I couldn't be more proud of you for having that record.


Shout out to Tony for formerly having it. And obviously he went on to have more successful things and other teams, but I ain't short changing this shit more one goddamn second. This ain't l LeBron stat. This is a Travis Kel stat and it's fucking dope. I appreciate you Brother. Tony G said he'd pay the fine If you did this. You went up and dunked in Tony G fashion on the goalpost, Sort of. Did you get fined? Did did they, did the NIFL Of course. Did, did the NFL determine it to be a dunk? That's the real question. Who cares what anybody else is think? I Think it, did John Runyon say it's a fine? He did. Yeah. They all did. They said, since I touched the goalpost, it just touching.


It was a fine. Yeah. When you were doing it, were you trying to throw it up to avoid the fine or were you trying to dunk it? I Was trying to get my fucking old ass up there, man, shit. Fourth quarter of the game, my fucking legs are tired after like a, like a 10 play drive. I'm over here trying to just like, I'm just like, screw it. I'm just send it one time for old, for old time's sake, man, That, that looked like a Jason Kelsey attempted dunk right there. Yeah. That was me slapping the backboard. That wasn't me actually flushing it, man. It was the, the, your McAfee said it best. It was the angle I gotta come around. I got to hit that thing straight on. It was a funny angle. It Was a funny angle. You went from the baseline. Yeah, It was well back in the day when I actually had, when I had bounce, man, I could some, no matter whats angle it Was, we got some clip.


We got some clips for sure. Yeah. I don't know where they are, but they're out there somewhere. They're on a VHS tape somewhere. Yeah. The NFL has announced that it is a 14,069. Is that in honor of John Runyon? The 69 at the end? 14,000 do $14,069 for unsportsmanlike conduct. I think repeat offender. I think I'm a repeat offender. That's why it's so high. Ah, Yeah. That'll get you in America. That's Where they get you. Yeah. That'll get you, they get you on the repeat offender in America. Oh, and Tony, last thing. You don't have to do that. Dude, it was so cool to hear you even say it, dude. But you don't have to help me pay that. Fine. It's all going to good cause And Jason said you'd pay it.


I did not say that And I won, dude. You literally just said it. No, we've recorded everything, so please, we can definitely please Play it back where I have said that. Alright. Will do. I would love to see it will do. Good thing. There's ai The chiefs also clinched the number one seed in the A FC resting their starters, or the majority of them in week 18. Was there ever a chance you guys are gonna play in the game? I don't know why I'm asking this. Well, Our our offensive line started the first drive and then we kind, we we, The whole offensive line started Just about except for Tooney. No, tooney was not there. The fuck. Why'd they do that? Huh? Why'd they do that? Oh, it's because their Humphreys is back and they wanted them to like get like a, I'm Not sure why they did it.


Listen, I'm not, I'm just, I'm just here. They might have, might Have been. You know why that It happened. Yeah, I was about to say. Yeah, no, I I mean either way it doesn't fucking matter whether they played one snap or no snaps. We got our fucking asses kicked and that wasn't a fun game to be a part of. Well, there's, there's some people alleging that it was a purposeful letting get your ass kicked. I ain't scared Of fucking nobody. I'm not Alleging this. I I wanted him in the fucking playoffs. I'm alleging this. I wanna, I wanna slay every dragon one by one. Like Mortal Kombat. I don't even want this to be like a, we play the lowest seed. Just give me the best teams. I'm not Travis, I'm just telling you what A ffc n ffc per se. I'm gimme all of em. I'm not saying Mortal Kombat style. I'll go through every fucking one of 'em. Just giving 'em my best fucking effort.


Ain't scared of a, a single soul man. You didn't wanna see the Bengals in Borough Head or in Cincinnati. I'll play 'em at the Walmart parking lot. I don't give a shit. We can, we can have our own game in the off season. Well, we really duke it out. Again, I listen, I love competing against the greatest, the Bengals. Were a fun ass fucking team to watch there towards the end of the season. And it's a shame they didn't make it in the playoffs because they would've made the playoffs that much fucking crazier that much more fun. Did you See they fired Lou and Ruo? I don't know what the fuck is going on over there. That is, that was a wild, wild move I did not see coming because I thought that, you know, from the outside, their defense was playing really fucking good towards the end of the year.


They, they Definitely played better. I just think Lou, I don't think they had the horses on defense that they've had in the past and Lou got handcuffed. I don't know that it made sense. He, he's proven how good of a d coordinator he is with good players, but whatever. I'm with you, dude. I'm with you. I've always respected the hell out of him. I've also respected a lot of the, the players on that side of the ball. You know, given who they had this year. I mean, Burrow put up over like, what, like 4,000 something yards. Like it was something crazy. He had a great year, chase and Tee. That was one of the wackiest years of football I've ever seen from a, from a team that I thought was, It Was crazy 10 times better than what their records showed. And that, and I know that just playing against them. But yeah, we, we didn't fucking throw any game.


All right guys were out there competing their ass off trying to get a win. Unfortunately we just, you know, we couldn't, you know, put drives together. We couldn't stop Denver. And it just, it wasn't a, it wasn't a fun game to be a part of. And I'm just sitting here on the sideline like, Hey boys, don't let this shit ruin our fucking mojo. When we got our, when we got, we got everybody rolling and, and you know, it's, it's go time. We gotta flip that switch and, and know we're the biggest, baddest team out there. Well, I mean, you guys won 15 and one, so you guys technically are the biggest, baddest team in the NFL record wise. 15 and two 15. Oh yeah. I forgot. So now you are tied with Detroit 92 Percenters reached out and asked us, please write the script for this week.


A section Travis can talk about being stuck in a plane. I wanna know what it was like. Oh man in there. Grown men. Probably two bathrooms. I guarantee Travis will just say I was asleep. How did You Know? I mean, Jesus Christ. She called, I text you right at the beginning of it. You text me right, right after you guys took off, Dude, I was fucking, when I get on these planes, I eat my Chick-fil-A and I fucking recline my seat. I put on my headphones and I fucking, I'm out. I could sleep at a fucking rock concert. It doesn't matter where I'm at. I don't know how I got this trait, but I am literally, I have the ability to sleep anywhere at any time. Yeah.


As long as, as long as I'm comfortable I can just shut it down. I was out for about three hours on the runway while everybody was kicking it, having a grand old time. I heard some old linemen were wrestling. I heard everybody's telling war stories and having a good old time. And I woke up as the plane was taking off and I was like, what the fuck? It feels like I've been asleep for forever. And I looked at the time and I'm just like, where the fuck what just happened? Yeah. Right. And yeah, I got briefed and I think there's some, there might be some pics and some videos of me just absolutely Just completely knocked out. Yeah. Somebody might've got me, they might've sniped me. I think the, the more frustrating part with not being able to come back to Kansas City, we had to stay in Denver for another night.


Not that Denver isn't a beautiful city and I don't love Denver. 'cause I, I do find that city really cool. Oh. But it's not fun sitting around in a hotel room and you guys Didn't go out and celebrate beat. Dude, if I, if I would've been stuck in Denver, I would vibe. Vibes weren't, vibes weren't real high. We just got waxed like 38, nothing. So, you know, we kind of felt bad for some of the young guys and some of the guys that, You know, I hear we were rooting for to try and have a good game. And Coach Reed doesn't fucking like losing. I know going out and fucking having a grand old time and maybe getting caught on a video doing something stupid wasn't the best idea. So we all just kind of hung out and just grabbed dinner together.


Alright, well congrats. You guys have the buy much needed rest. It's coming at, dude, the buy and the playoffs makes such a big deal. So that's, that's huge. It is huge. It is huge. But it's, it's a lot of time off. I've, I've had already, I think a week and a half, almost two weeks by tomorrow. Yeah. Because of the So it's Wednesday game. Yeah. Yeah. So hopefully we can, we can get into the, in, in, in the shells. Put our, put our helmets and pads on over the weekend. Get some, get some good contact in and, and work our craft and get, find out who we're playing next week. Fuck yeah.


You're ready to rock and roll, baby. Nothing big to play off football, man. It punched our ticket to the dance and now it's time to fucking dance, baby. I love this shit. I fucking love It. Perfect.


Thanks again to our participating sponsor, AUDIBLE. This New year. Let AUDIBLE expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Maybe you want to kick a bad habit or start a good one. Listening to Audible can help you reach the goals you set for yourself. All you have to do is open the app and whatever your focus or interest is, you'll find titles for. That's right. Like Atomic Habits by James Clear or Outlive the Science and Art of Longevity by Peter Attia. Get advice or insight from leading professionals and experts on maybe health, relationships, career finance, investing a whole lot more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you're listening. That's Right. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash new Heights.


Thanks again to our sponsor, Intuit TurboTax. Remember when doing taxes meant sacrificing your weekends to paperwork and crunching numbers? Not anymore. Welcome to 2025 where you can tackle your taxes without leaving your couch. Taxes Meant waiting around for your taxes to be done, which led to worrying about not getting any money back. Now taxes mean matching with a TurboTax Live expert who can file your taxes as soon as today. Picture This, it's playoffs Sunday. You're lounging in your favorite sweats. A bowl of chips within reach in a big game is about to start. Ooh. But instead of stressing about your taxes, you're knocking them out during the commercial breaks with TurboTax. Live experts, TurboTax Live experts are backed by cutting edge technology that helps you get every dollar you deserve. No more wondering If you miss something because wow, you go about your day, you get real time notifications about their progress. It's 2025, 2025 guys. Yep. Why do taxes any other way? Now This is Taxes Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.


Today's sponsor, Peloton has what you need to keep you on track for your fitness goals as you enter the new year. But If you think Peloton is just for New Year's resolution, you're wrong. Pelotons a great tool for use all year because it adapts to where you are no matter this season, no matter What you're looking for. Peloton offers a variety of challenging classes in addition to just running and cycling. Do you take classes on Peloton? Sometimes? I'm kind of just going on my own, but I do like the classes. It feels like having the instructor and the other people doing it with you is extra motivation as well as like kind of competing with people. I'm a, I like doing the hiking classes. I really do for me, like I can do it for a long period of time. So I feel like I get to burn a lot of calories and as low impact for my knees. So I'm a big hiker on the Peloton. It doesn't matter if you're a busy parent, an athlete, or just a couple of of brownies with a podcast. Ooh, Peloton offers flexibility and variety. Go to the Peloton app. It's the cheat code to keeping up with your fitness. Find your push, find your power with Peloton at one Peloton dot com.


Keep this thing moving to the rest of week 18 and action packed week 18 that decided some teams on whether or not they were going to Cancun or fucking going to going to the playoffs. Yeah. Eagles also rested their starters instead of trying to get Saquon to break the NFL season single season rushing record, which somehow created, created some controversy. Barkley only needed 101 yards to break it. I don't think you guys realize how fucking hard it is to get a hundred yards rushing in the NFL. It is not just like, oh, you put him out there, he'll get it. Like that's just not how that happens. Yeah, he would've got it. The New York Giants draft, he would've fucking blew that thing out the door.


Yeah. But instead the Giants came can't Fucking play. Good point. I Think he definitely gets it if he plays, but I, I, I, you can't, I think look at Ball. Did they, did they release what Za Flowers' injury is yet? Did they release whether he's coming back for the First week? They said that it's not season ending, but that it is it it is a serious issue. So they don't know if that he's, they said it's, I think it's a doubt that he'll play this week, but hopes that he'll play next week if they advance. I mean, listen, I think, what did I want Barkley to go for the record. You're God. Right? I Think it would've been awesome to watch it happen because it's a fucking rushing record. Why would I not wanna watch that happen? But I think that it's the right move to not play 'em.


It's Gonna happen. Have an asterisk against why? Why would I have an asterisk? Why? 'cause it's 17 games. He said Less carries. He's got 40 less carries than Dickerson did. See, no, you're right. Yes he does. He got me. Yeah, he got, And he could, if he would've had the same amount of Carries Dickerson would've had through 16 games, he would've set the record there too. And we don't put an asterisk to Dickerson who broke OJ Simpson's record at 14 games or whatever it was. Who broke? I did. Jim Brown's at 12 or I did whatever that was. I just, dude, I think the rushing record's awesome, but I think it's obviously the right call. He gets hurt. You gotta put the O lineman out there. One of those guys get hurt. The aspirations of the team are a Super Bowl. They are not just like sneaky in, they're legit contenders and it's, you know, they needed this buy.


They didn't get it from being the number one seed. If they would've had the buy wrapped up, I could see maybe making the argument to go for it. But because they didn't, they gotta rest. They gotta get healthy and make, they got four games now left to try and go get a Super Bowl. Right? Well, one at a time. But they, they gotta put their best feet forward. They're starting to play great ball Right now. They're rolling. They did put their backups in and still beat the brakes off of the Giants. The other thing that I wanna say about Saquon in this, and I do think the rushing title is the coolest record in football. I don't think there's anything better. And I don't know it's 'cause we grew up in Cleveland with Jim Brown. But like there's something about the rushing title record in the NFL like passing yards leader not, don't give a crap receiving yards leader.


Why? Cool. I don't know. I mean it's cool but it's not cool as rushing yards leader in a season. I don't know why it's not, but it's not. And then maybe it's because of all the alignment You earn, you earn more of every yard. Yeah. Like there's something about it that is cooler. Like you're the baddest dude in the NFL. If you got that sta that stat and Yeah, I hear you. He had a chance to set that record. He had a chance to do it in the city of Philadelphia for the Eagles. And he had a chance to do it against a team that literally did not pay, like, did not value him. They let him walk and a bunch of, against a bunch of fans that were burning his jersey just earlier that year. Like people he's playing in the game before they're burned his jersey in the parking lot. Like this could have been an all time storyline historic moment in the NFL.


So yes, I would've loved to have seen it, but it's the right call. It's the right call. I wanna emphasize That. It, it still is a storyline. And honestly If it, yeah, I Think it, I think it's more, it's the storyline. What's The storyline? I Think it's a slap in the face that he didn't even have to play in the game. What's That's true. It's true. But it's not the storyline. This Is why we should have kept it at 16 games. Looking back at the rushing titles. There's so many guy there. There's a few guys that have broken 2000 yards and you forget that they even like Derrick Henry broke 2000 yards. I knew that. I didn't even remember that Derrick Henry did it until started talking about it this week. You're insane. I'm pretty sure I played 'em, that's why. Yeah. Then freaking the, he almost did it again this year.


I think he's the first back to ever have over like 19 something two. Yeah. Something like that. Did Chris Johnson do it? Yes. Yeah. I mean I remember all of these. Like, I just feel like none of these got, but none of these are like notable. I'm just being honest. Like everybody think Dick Dickon, you're crazy. I'm just being honest. Adrian Peterson's the only one dick because he was like seven yards away. Dude. Chris, when Chris Johnson was, dude that year was insane. You're crazy's Saying it wasn't an insane year. But it's not historic because he didn't break the record. I Think It was more, Unless you get the record, the record, it's just another great year. You get the record, you're the best, you're the baddest dude on the planet ever to play the game.


Regardless of what everybody says about 17 games, 16 games. You get, Hey, I got the all time record brother, but I hear You either way. I hear what you're saying. I think all those years were equally as remember memorable as this one. Yeah. They are equally memorable as in not being historic. What do you think? People are just gonna not remember a saquon story of going to a new team. They're Gonna remember it, but they're not gonna remember it as If it was the record breaking year. Like it's not gonna be, it's not gonna be this heralded season by the entire NFL standard. Yeah. I She's not gonna be that now. Yeah, well that's what The record, which is Whatever. I mean that's, that's the point of the record being the record. Yeah, I Hear you. Yeah. And eventually though the record will get broken and the more important thing for Nick Siri and his entire job, the entire staff's job, the entire organization, the entire city's job is to try and put themselves in the best position to win a Super Bowl.


Because that's the ultimate goal. And I get that. Yeah. I'm not negating that. All I'm saying is it would've been fucking awesome to have that record. That's all I'm saying. And I would've loved to see the Eagles have it, Saquon have it, and Jeff Stalin and the old line have it. That would've been a, something that would've been cool. I don't know. Maybe If you know Jason Kelsey was out there, he would've got it in the seven 16 games he played. Listen, cam Jergens did just fine. A matter of fact Cam J's making Pro Bowl, if we're J Jerky's a fucking doll. Yes he is. I fucking love watching those dudes, man. Three Eagles, cam Jergens, Jalen Carter and Zach Bond also made their first Pro Bowl. Shout out to the boys making their first Yeah, baby. Jason, how does it feel to see the, the Kelsey replacement get his, his recognition?


I don't, I'm not calling him Kelsey replacement. I think it's awesome. Listen, we've known Cam Jergens is a great player in the Eagles organization. He's got all the tools. He's athletic, he's strong, he's, he's got long arms, he's big, he's smart, he's explosive. I fully anticipated Cam having a phenomenal year and now he's been, you know, awarded the Pro Bowl, which is an amazing, it's hard to do that your first year. Like usually it takes you, you know, you usually get on your second year. But he's had that good of a year. The lion has been that good. Saquon was the rushing leader like all of these things. And he's been dominant, like he is a big reason.


This number is where it is at. And I think he's rightfully been awarded the Pro Bowl. So you Ain't lying. Could not be happier for Cam. Listen, there's similar traits, but everybody's gonna be their own unique player and he can't try and be anybody else than Cam Jergens. And that's the way every player's gotta play the game. And you, you, there are things that he is much better at than I ever was at. And like there's always gonna be, every player is unique no matter how similar the traits are. He's the replacement for anybody that ever played center for the Philadelphia Eagles. Like I just don't think that that's the way you look at the job. You look at the job like he's the, he's the starting center for the Philadelphia Eagles this year. Next Man Up.


You know, how does, how are we gonna move forward with a line that operates successfully? And I think Cam's done a phenomenal job of, you know, being Cam Jergens the dog that he is and the tremendous player and teammate that he is. So couldn't be more proud for him. I gotta say very happy for Cam Lane Johnson. Lane Dickerson. It's a fucking joke that Jordan Mulatta didn't get the Pro Bowl. And listen, there's great tackles in this league and I don't know who he would've made it over. I'm not trying to make that statement because there's Lane Tristan Ws and oh my God, the third one's a great player too. Sewell Sewell Pene. Gosh, why did I blank on that?


So like, it's in good company, but I think Jordan Milah has been the best tackle in the NFL this year. He's so freaking good. But anyways, they should have had four guys in there, which is crazy to think about. That's how good these guys have been. Yeah, I hear you man. Everybody that's in it, as far as I'm concerned deserves it because they got voted. That's the way the thing works. It's a, it's in some ways a popularity contest, but it's also reflective on who you are as a player and what your career has been. And season. I don't believe in this like snub, like there's so many snubs every year. Yeah. Because there's so many guys that deserve to go and unfortunately there's only so many slots moving on. It's officially playoff season. Let's talk a little about Wild Card Weekend.


Okay. Playoff picture. Are we gonna display this graphic intern Brandon so that people can see it? So obviously the Chiefs had the buy, Detroit Lions had the Buy dude by the way, I was a little bit, I was kind of questioning Dan Campbell's decision to play his starters verse, the 49 ERs. I'm like, why did he do that? Like they're gonna be on a short week now, they're gonna have to play A like Oh, you're talking about like the Christmas Week Big game. Yeah, like they're gonna be on a short week now, then they're gonna have to play the Vikings who are peaking Right now. And then they might not get a buy and they go out and beat the live-in Donkey dick out of the Minnesota Viking. He's like, just pumble them, Not county dick.


And I'm like, okay, well I should just shut the fuck up. 'cause Dan Campbell's clearly got this shit figured out. He's got figured out. But yeah, he's got the boys rolling Kansas City Chiefs with the buy Detroit Lions, with the buy Eagles, the number two seed in the NFC face, the Green Bay Packers at home. The Buffalo Bills are number two seed in the A FC West face. The Broncos at Home Packers in Washington had some interesting things. Shake out to see who was gonna be the six or the seven seed bucks moved up to the three seed. Yeah. Won because LA loss. Yeah. So there was a little bit of shuffling here. What team are you most surprised? Didn't make it Surprised? I think going into the season, the team I'm most surprised didn't make it is probably the Bengals with Joe Burrow, t Higgins, You know?


Yeah. Chase healthy. You know, you thought maybe you thought they'd probably be in the playoffs. The team I'm most surprised made it in his first year as the coach. I'm the most surprised with the Chargers. Maybe Broncos, I'm not really surprised that, I mean, after playing the Broncos earlier in the year, I'm talking About early in the season From the beginning Because obviously all of these guys aren't surprised that they made it as the course went on. But yeah. Before the season started, which teams has surprised you the most? The most, Actually, I'm gonna take this back. Washington is the most surprising to me. Yeah. I mean Washington, the two rookie quarterbacks. Washington and Denver. Denver. Yep. Honestly, I didn't, I didn't, I don't know why I didn't think Minnesota was gonna be, you know, that that big, that dominant, yeah, that dominant.


Yeah. Aaron, I mean Jones. Jones. Jones playing, playing his tail off. Yeah. Yeah. Just playing Washington over the last few seasons. And I mean this with so much respect for Dan Quinn and even respect, like I think Rivera is a phenomenal coach as well, but that team with like the whole organizational thing happening with Dan Snyder, they felt like it was gonna take some time to rebuild that culture and chemistry there in Washington. And it just goes to show when you hire a great head coach and you get a, you hit on a rookie quarterback like that, who's playing at this level, how fast it can happen. Like they're already in the playoffs.


I do think that they lack some of the pieces to really compete for the Super Bowl this year. That's my own opinion. But I think it's remarkable that they're in the playoffs that quickly. And it's a testament to Dan Quinn Kingsbury and all those players. They went out and hired some, they went out and signed some really good veterans. Bobby Wagner, Zach Ertz, Tz. I, I think that did a good job of getting pieces to re to to help shape that culture with some veteran guys bringing in the right coaches, hitting on draft picks. And it, it is just been a remarkable year for the, for the commanders. 100%. I'm right there with you.


Bigger rookie surprise. I probably say Bo Nicks man. I think Jayden Daniels one. Well, Heisman winner. You kind of saw the flashes. Yeah. You saw the flashes. Not that Bo Nicks didn't have any flashes. I just think No, But there are a lot more to your credit there. Sorry, I did not mean to cut you off. No. There are a lot more people doubting the Bo Nicks pick than the Jayden Daniels pick. So I think that, I mean that's the reality of it. When you look back on it though, man. I mean, you watched Bo Nixon in college, man, that Duke fucking ball. And I'm telling you the moment I saw him fired up on the sideline, throwing it back at Sean Payton. I love that. I mean, in the right amount. Like it can't be all the time.


Yeah. And who Knows, there's something about what Kind of throwing Yeah. Who knows how fiery that even was, but you already know who cares. All I know is that he cares. That's why I like to see it Not give a fuck. Yeah. Because like, you know, not that it's the right way to hand, you gotta be controlled as a quarterback and you gotta be poised. So you can't do it too much. But every once in a while in the right moment to, to do that, it's like, oh, okay. And it's not like over the top, it's not a ridiculous amount. It's just like he, you could tell he wants to win games. He wants to be great. And that's a huge part of it. And, and If it is over the fucking top, realize that in the fucking moment. Talk to the, talk to whoever you just went above and beyond with and fucking get it right. Yeah. And let 'em know, listen man, I just fucking want this shit.


Yeah, I'm with you. I'm with you. But he's A killer man and he, you can tell he is competitive as hell. And dude, when you take great traits and you take a competitive individual, usually that leads to a good football player. I hear you. Okay. Of the teams with home games, what's the toughest place for a playoff game to play at? Ooh, that's a good one. I mean, Listen. Yeah, I think you gotta go Arrowhead. I will say, no, This is, this is wildcard. This is wildcard. Okay. If we're just going this round, Buffalo's obviously got crazy Home Field advantage. One from the fans, but also two from the weather. I'm, I'm a homer, I'm gonna be a Homer. I think the link is a hard place to fucking win a playoff game in. And I Think it's been that way Outta of all these games. The link is probably the one that I think is the most hostile environment.


It's ruckus. It's fucking loud. Yeah. It's cold. 'cause it's in the northeast. So some of these southern teams come up. Although Green Bay's not gonna be dealing with too much, they're not gonna be nervous about the cold. I think the link is hard to win a football game In. Yeah. Especially a playoff game. I Mean, we lost in Tampa Bay last year, but I, I think it's, I'd probably go Buffalo or, or, or the link or my top two. What's harder? The link or Arrowhead, I mean Arrowheads. Move on. Lets move on. Let's move on. Let's move on. Let's Move on. Don't even, you wanna fucking, you wanna step into the loud In the world? I Think it, I Think it, I think it's equal Cut. It's like the loudest, nicest stadium in the world or the almost loudest. And you just got afu. Bunch of fuck People are just gonna tear you apart.


Bunch of motherfuckers. You're gonna throw rocks at the buses. All right. Hypothetical, please don't do that. Philadelphians hypothetical. All the games are on at once. What games are the YouTube TV Quad Box. Okay. Well this is A hypothetical shout out to YouTube TV in the quad box. No Doubt, no doubt. I'm going, I think, I think that Bucks Washington game is gonna be fun to watch. I think that fucking Vikings Rams game is gonna be fun to watch. As much as I think Buffalo is a, you know, is a better team. I think Denver Right now is, is playing really fucking good football. So I'll probably watch that one.


And I think for me, the game that I'll probably end up like playing the winner of is the Chargers versus Houston game. So I'm gonna watch that one. Oh man, I don't even know. I'll probably, so I'll definitely watch Eagles Green Bay. They'll, they're gonna fucking blow 'em out. I'm not gonna watch that game. I mean, dude, green Bay, green Bay's surprise him. Matt LeFlore sometimes can dial up some stuff. Dude, I got all the respect in them. Yeah. I just don't see it. Jordan Love when he is on, he can sling it. I think that game, I don't think it's gonna be a blowout, but I do think the Eagles will win. I'm definitely watching Baltimore versus Steelers 'cause I'm an a FC North kind of guy and I think that that matchup is always intense, even though the Steelers are floundering Right now.


Like they are struggling, they're limping to the finish line. But I can't help myself. Bills Broncos and I'm probably watching Tampa Bay, Washington. Really? Yeah. I mean the Vikings LA one is interesting to me. The one that I'm definitely not watching is Houston versus Charges. I don't know why that one's like, not even that's the least interesting game to me. Is that fair? I I, I, I'm watching it because I think that's, it's probably who you're playing two teams I'm gonna play. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. Well this is assuming Just based off the seating, The reality is I'm watching all of these games because play off football is the fucking best. But if they all played at once and I have to watch only four, that's probably the forum goal. That's probably the best way you can answer that.


Yeah.


Alright. Thank you to our partner, DraftKings. Big week ahead for football fans. And we couldn't be more thrilled to share some exciting news. We're officially teaming up with DraftKings. We're pumped to partner with them because if there's one thing that makes watching games exciting, it's betting on them. Right now DraftKings is offering all new customers $200 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5 win or lose. Celebrate the partnership with us by downloading the DraftKings app now and sign up using Code New Heights. The crown is yours. Stay in on the action and use your $200 in bonus bets on DraftKings. Same game parlays for a shot at an even bigger payout. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can simply join on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six. Download the DraftKings Sports Bet app now. New customers use promo code new Heights and bet just $5 on any wager and get $200 and bonus bets instantly. That's promo code New Heights only at DRAFT KINGS Sportsbook


this new year. Healthy Habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient, and your dog will absolutely Love it. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain their healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now's the time. What Makes them so different is that Food from the Farmer's dog is developed by on staff, board certified vets and veterinary nutritionists to be complete and balanced. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. The Farmer's Dog delivers their freshly made healthy dog food right to your door on a schedule that works for you and can be adjusted at any time. With their 24 hour customer support. The Food is preport specifically for your dog, which makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. It Doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


2025 is here and Mint Mobile has a resolution for you. Skip the gym. Skip the fad diet. Skip the BS resolutions you'll forget about by next month. Instead, make a resolution to save some serious cash by making the switch to Mint Mobile. And Right now you can get half off their three month unlimited plan. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans jaw dropping monthly bills, unexpected overages, and all their other BS in 2024. Mint Mobile is dropping huge savings for the new year by offering any three month plan for only $15. No way. How about that? $15 a Month. Pretty damn good. Pretty damn good. Unbelievable. Even their unlimited plan, unlimited text. Are you kidding me? How about that? All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talking text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. And you can even bring your current phone and your number. Ditch the overpriced wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. Switch to mint and new customers can get half off an unlimited plan until February 2nd. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and get the plan shipped to your door for free, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. $45 upfront payment required equaled to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details,


man. No, I'm done. I'm kidding. I'm back. And we're doing some blind rankings of place of the year. That's right. Already. Yeah.


Let's, let's move on. And we want to take a minute to recognize some of the most incredible moments from the regular season this year. And what better way to do that than our new favorite game blind rankings. Yeah. This Rankings is brought to you by our friends at Intuit TurboTax. Wonderful. Love that. Make sure you do your fucking taxes.


All right, here's, here's how it works. In case you missed us doing this on Christmas episode, we'll blindly rank 10 of the best plays from the NFL season. And this is as about a true blind ranking as possible because I really don't remember a lot of the great plays. Yeah, I We even NFL season, we'll only see one play at a time and place it on the list before seeing the next one. So one by one, we'll just throw it one through 10 on where we Think it resides. And one change, me and Jason will have one veto each. All right. So we can veto each other one time. You can veto the play. Like we can say like, it doesn't B belong in the top 10. I'll give you one veto each.


If this is not a top 10 play, I have backups ready to go. One change is me and Jason will be able to veto one play out of the entire top 10. So if we think this plays is dog shit, and Brandon did a terrible job of bringing 10 plays in. We'll, Wow. I'm here. They can hear me on this recording. Oh, they can. Perfect. Nice. Well, I just really hope I remember these plays. All right. Let's, let's take a look at the first play then. Brandon. First play from week 16. Lions, bears. Ooh. Oh my. The fake stumble. Oh, It's pretty good. It's pretty good. I mean, the only reason I want to, I wanna almost veto this 'cause like, I don't think the stumble affected fucking anything.


Like, I mean, can we rewind it? Let me see what the linebackers do. Does anybody react to this thing? I mean, they definitely don't react. They definitely don't. Just retreat. You Know what? All right, I'll, I'll leave it in there. I mean, it's Ball, the entire sideline was screaming too. I Think it, it deserves to be up there just for the creativity and the amount of like bought in from like everybody, including the sideline. I Like all of that. Jared Jar Goff. That's a great trip. It looks like he's falling. It looked like he was falling. Yeah, it almost looked like the week before where he did fall to to win the game on fourth down. I just think that the lateral to pene is a much better lion's play that never ended up going in the lateral to the tackle.


The hooking lateral to the, to the right tackle play. All right. Anyways, okay, where do we think this is? We can't put it too high. You can throw it at 10. I think 10 is a solid, Right? It's, it didn't determine a game. Like it's a fun trick play, but it wasn't like that. I'm with you. We'll Go 10, 10, throw it in 10 lion, head lion. Lion head at some mo plays. So I think there's gonna be another lion clip up here. It better be pretty soon. Play Number two from week 13. Bills niners. Oh, this is a great one. Lateral. This is a good one. Love this play. Just backyard ball right here, dude. The old snow game. And Josh, this was the first time a player ever threw and ran.


He, what is it? He had a, he had a completion and a receiving touchdown. Yes. All in the same play, right? Yeah. Yeah. And it was the first time that's ever happened. Yep. It has to be. I think, I think you gotta put this High. No, no, no, no, it's not. No it's not. Marcus Mariota did it against the chiefs in the playoffs. He threw a ball to somebody. Darrell Rivas smacked it down and he then caught it and went into the end zone. Yeah, but that's not a thi, this is a res, that's not a rushing touchdown. He smacked it down, right? No, this was a receiving touchdown. I thought this was A receiving touchdown. Oh yeah, either. Okay. Either way. Rare that this Happens. Semantics. Yeah. I think this is awesome play.


I think Can't Go too high. Can't go too high. Can't go too high. I They're Winning 21 to three Is just a heads up, but It's, they're beating piss out Of 'em. Yeah. It's only the first half though. So is a Good play. It says third quarter right there. Third quarter. It's second half. Okay, let's go. What do you think? Three or four? Maybe like maybe Four. What? No, let's throw this at five. Let's not get too bold. Alright, I'll go five. I'll go five. Let's not get too bold. Yeah. Leave Some some space. Leave some space. I Think it a dope. There was some other, there was some other Josh Allen plays this year. I could, I could feel it. Week 10 Broncos chiefs. Oh, that was fucking electric. Yes, it Was. I, I mean, you gotta play that. You didn't even let us watch the entire thing.


One. Kevin Harlan on it too. Dude, shout out to Harlan man. So good. It Is so good. So dude, his voice, he might be one of my fa I mean, he's up there as one of my favorites. He is really good, Dude. Honestly, a little bias, but I think, I think that goes above Josh Allen's lateral. I kind of agree. It's a dude blocking a field goal to win a game. Like as a walk off. And not only like kind of getting lucky, but like they like knew exactly what they were doing. They knew where like it was like thought out. I'm pretty sure Chanel called it like said like, we're gonna go block this. He did so All around.


I think it's just a fucking crazy play. There were a few, there were a few big F block field goals this season though. So I don't know if I'm just being biased, but For some, do you want to go four or three on this? Yeah. Or do you wanna go higher? I think it's either four or six. It's either four or six. I'll let you call it Just because the, it ended up in the only reason the chiefs won the game and the Josh Allen lateral was like up 21 3. I'll put it at four. If we're going four or six, I'll go four. Alright. From week 12. Cowboys commanders 99 yard kick return. Oh my God. I mean, it's a Tering is fast. Woo. Hit that B button.


Hit that B button on them. Shit. Yeah, dude, this was electric. It's A dope play. I play mean this has gotta be up there. This has gotta be up there. Three or two. It's gotta be up there. If, if not one, I don't know. I can't remember what play would be better this season. You think this is Dude Better than that block kick to win the game, Dude. A kick return with three minutes left in the game. Yeah. I mean, it's a dope play. Fumbles the ball. He picks that shit up on the one yard line with everybody. 10 yards from him. All right, I'll go three. I'll go three. Oh my God. I don't think it's as good as the Josh Allen play, if I'm being honest.


Right. I'll go Three. You're insane. Week eights Washington Bears Walk off. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well it's the, oh yeah, it's the fuck up. The only reason I can't give this one that high is 'cause like, it's an insane amount of luck. And the bears fucked it up more than they even got it. Right. So it's like That's that's a good shot taken. Listen, he did his job. He did his job. He was the tip. Everybody did a job. He was the back. He was right where he needed to Be. This is what this is. Teach tape right here. If you're, if you're in a football locker room, you're Getting, he was to win the game. So it's, I mean, yeah. I give it a nice solid seven or eight. Let seven. Seven. Sounds good.


Let seven Sounds good. From week 15. Let's go. I believe this is, You can just put the Saquon hurdle at one already. There it is. That's the what I was thinking of. I do love a big, oh dude, I do love a big man. Oh, that was Electric. Oh. I mean, it's a great play. It is a great play. It's so good. It's so good. Dude. A big man pick. Are you kidding me? Is that a pick or is that a fucking strip? That Was like a fucking strip. Yeah. Oh, that's stiff arm. Do you know how hard it is to stiff arm a 300 pound fucking offensive lineman. I just Love, he hits him with the shush shush. At the beginning of that. Go back to the start of that. Get that shush, shush in there.


Bink. Bink. He goes right here. Set it up. He hits it. He and then right away gets the ball. Oh, she shush. Gets it. Woo woo. Stiffy. Set up the block. Set up the block. Hit the highway. Oh, so good. God damn. That's good. It's a great play. But we, I can, we can't put it up. We gotta Hold, we gotta hold two and six. I think eight is a solid spot for it. I Think it's eight or nine. Play Nice. All right. From week nine Jets. Texans. Week nine. What happened on this play? Oh, this catch was great. That's a great catch. It didn't Count. It wasn't a catch. Jets Jake Jets. Jake Rule. It counted his shingles Down. Yeah. I thought it got overturned, right? It did. It did.


It counted. It counted his, what was it? His shin. His shin was down. They called it, they called it a touchdown. Eventually. I mean, fuck. If that's a catch, that's a two. That's, you gotta throw it at two. That's, That's a fucking insane catch. God damn. That's insane. I mean, if that's in the for touchdown two. God damn. That's nasty. We we're going two. Yeah, We gotta go two. That was a fucking unbelievable. That's yeah, you're right. Yeah. All right. You've been waiting for it from one week nine. Hold on. Eagles Jags Slide number one. There's no, there's no way there's any play.


So fucking crazy. It's so crazy. I could watch this shit all day. This is fucking Jump over somebody backwards. The spin move alone would've been in the top 10 of this list. Oh God. All right. Keep it going. Yeah. Week five. This is Saints Chiefs. Oh, B binky. I'll go nine. I love to play S Get 'em on. Look at it. Yeah. I fucking love that dude. Man. Shout out to Sir Bank top 10. Play of the Top 10 Play of the Year. I go nine on Sir Bank. It's right below the sweat play. I feel like that's a good spot for it. All right. And this will be number six If it holds.


This is from week 16 Chargers, Broncos, Chargers, Broncos, The free kick. Yeah. We'll veto this veto, God Dammit. Genius use of this strategy, but no veto. Okay. It's out. It's out. Who's Using the veto? I'll use it. This shit was buns. All right. Sorry. The guy just did a practice kick that he did. Warmups all frigging Listen, you only see it every 60 years. I was Shot. It was a, it was a, it was a great job by Harbaugh to utilize a stupid rule. But, okay, We are going to our first backup play of the year.


It is from week 16. Bengals Browns. It is the Burrow horizontal td. I mean, that was a fucking hell of a throw. I want to veto this one too. This isn't that like, Yeah, shout out to Joey B. It's A gr I mean, listen, Joe deserves to be up here, but I, I don't know if that's the one That's not better than the Washington Hail Mary. So I got a veto it to hope that something better than these, than these ones are in There. I mean, I know one Bengals play Right now. That's better than, go ahead. Everything. Alright, well let's get through our, our next two alternates. Next two alternates. Gimme, gimme a break here. You Got, how is Lamar Jackson not on here anywhere? It wasn't on the list that I stole from. Dude, you're ridiculous. His fucking touchdown.


Like two weeks. The one That he had where he stiff arm the Beng against the beng. Yes. That one should definitely be on here. And this would be the perfect slot for it. Alright. Do it. We can't, Brandon, that's not how the blind ranking works. It's not how It works. I one, I'll give you one. I'll give you one. I'll give you one. No, give us, let's Here fucking no, let's see what you put up here. Now What are we stuck with From week two? Vikings. Niners 99 yard touchdown reception. Jefferson. I mean, it's electric. Yeah. I think this is good. I'm fine with this. Is it number six? I mean, it can be up there. I don't know if it's, I Don't, I think we're leaving out some other top 10 plays, but We 100% are.


But it's a blind ranking. Ones we presented. I feel very good about this List. I feel better about this list now. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm with you though. The Josh Allen lateral probably could have been a little higher. Very solid. Solid list. Some plays. Some plays that could've probably been up here. We just talked about the Lamar play Bengals cornerback interception week two against us. I don't know how the fuck Brit even caught that fucking ball. I'm still confused on how he caught that fucking ball. That was one of the best interceptions I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. Yeah. Other than that, shout out to everybody. Please send any play that we missed to at J Chatt 85 on Twitter. And who knows This Again.


Good luck with that one. Good Luck, buddy. His dms are open. Guys, get in there. Let him know what he got wrong. They're not open. They're not open.


And that was blind rankings Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. Hey, Now This is Taxes.


Before we get outta here, let's ask some not dumb questions that came in to the New Heights hotline. That's right. No dumb questions is brought to you by Mint Mobile. Shout out to our guy Ryan Reynolds.


All right. Hello brothers. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. I have a very, very important question to ask. I'm here watching some football and hanging out with family and we started talking and I have a very, very important question to ask. Perfect. And I think you two are the only ones that can answer. Okay. What happened to the jock strap? Seriously, I don't think you boys wear 'em anymore. You just see everything hanging and moving and running and Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. What happened to the jock strap all, take care. Not as aware pool Immensely. It's a lot of fun.


Bye. Not as aware as this woman at what's going on with the genitals throughout the game, But yeah. You know, watch the game for wherever you watch the game for, you know? Yeah. I'm not here to judge why someone's watching the game and whether or not they're checking out which guy's got what jockstraps on, or What happened to the jockstrap is they invented compression shorts and they're just way more efficient at holding everything in place and better. And it eliminates the chafing that could possibly go on. Correct. But I, I, I'll be honest. So it's like you knock out two birds with one stone. You gotta fucking gold powder your gooch and your, your thighs every fucking day. You could just throw on some compression shorts. I still wore the jockstrap. I like, there was something I liked about the jockstrap. Nice. I mean, some guys, and I only wore it on game day though.


And I would walk around the locker room making my pre-workout and nothing but my jockstrap. And I thought it was funny. So maybe that's the reason I wore it. But I also thought it like cu my butt cheek nice. And it made my butt look better. I didn't realize you were going for a nice look of Your I needed help 'cause I don't have a great ass. So, All right. There you go. I think, yeah, the, the, the compression shorts came in. Yeah. They a little bit better doing the job kinda idea. Nobody, nobody's, well, it also, the not a lot of guys wear cups anymore. And the jock strap was initially to hold the, the cup. Well, that's how we always used it.


But I do think there, the jock strap was also utilized before compression shorts to hold the junk. But once you have compression shorts, you didn't need that. Yeah, I hear you. All righty. Glad we could help you out By the way. Get your mind outta the, what was that woman's name? Do we remember? No, she just said, Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas to you. Just watch some football. You know, you get a free, she's Jesus. She's acting like she's not happy about it. It's so disturbing seeing everybody's junk. Just jump around on the tv, All of this phallic meat bouncing from thigh to thigh.


I'm gonna throw one at you that I just hate this question and I hate people who ask it, so I wanna see how you guys feel. Perfect. Hey guys, this is William from Montgomery. William Montgomery, Montgomery's Montgomery, where, Know what your opinion is on fall weddings. Fall weddings. Me and my girlfriend have talked about getting married. Talked about it. And she pay, she wants a fall wedding. And I told her good luck with that. Oh gosh. I'm gonna, Oh gosh. Gonna be at a football game. Oh gosh. So I just wanted to know you guys' opinion on that is that's, appreciate it. Ridiculous. Sounds Like this marriage is gonna work out great. I actually don't know people who have gotten married in the fall because the, all the weddings I've been to and all my friends always do it in the summer, I guess.


Yeah, we can't go usually. I think Jason's pretty spot on with you guys. Gotta be more in sync on things. You gotta be willing to, you know, find a weekend where the team isn't playing anybody good. Maybe also, If you really do have a problem with that, maybe it's in her best interest to not have it in the fall so that she knows you're invested in the anniversary every time it comes around. I think you guys should duke that out. I don't think we have any say on what you should be doing here. And yeah, I mean, I've seen weddings in fucking February. I've seen weddings everywhere, but the fall, so I'm not sure if the fall is a good wedding season, brother, I'm gonna tell you Right now, do the fall and the wedding and avoid this frivolous fight.


Do the Wedding in the fall. That means absolutely fucking nothing. You can watch the football game. Another, I like record it and watch it again. Like, I don't know what you want me to say. Like, there's certain things that are more important than football and if the wedding isn't more important than football, we got some bigger issues here. Like, I, I get what you're saying. You can do it another time. Just speaking from A experience. Unless we got a big parlay, unless we got a big parlay and we gotta fucking sweetie, we gotta make this money. That's how we pay for the wedding. Unless that's how you're paying for the wedding. How do we pay for the booze at the wedding if I can't make sure this parlay hits, I Just don't get, there's a lot of days in the fall that there's not football.


We can't find a, Like name one. Well, depending on whether he goes to college and NFL games on Sunday. Like you can go on Friday, you can have a wedding on a Friday. Yeah, but did you It's a weekend thing. Weekend. It's a, It's a little inconsiderate for travel's. Whole weekend thing. Don't make my friends have to not go. They got, everybody's got season tickets. All right. Don't make, my friends have to choose whether or not they have to sell their se their the tickets that week. There's a lot more important things than footballs and weddings happen to be one of 'em. And not arguing with your wife is high up there with more important than football. So I would just do the wedding whenever she wants to because that's kind of your job now.


So Football, football is life. Football is life. All righty. That was no Dumb Questions brought to you by Mid Mobile.


And that wraps up another episode of New Heights. That's right. Make sure it's subscribed on YouTube, the The New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. We will be back Friday with our Will Ferrell episode, so be sure to tune into that. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. That is correct. Once again, new Height's, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by AUDIBLE. Wants to read when you can listen, Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s, and thank you to our production and the crew and the production crew for everything. We appreciate you guys. Except for Brandon. You keep putting us in terrible situations and No, No, no. I don't know. I disagree. I disagree. I disagree. I disagree. Okay. Thank you Brandon. And thank you to all the 92 Percenters for tuning in. We appreciate you guys greatly for enjoying these podcasts with us. See you next week. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


The Grinch is back again to ruin your Christmas season with Tiz. The Grinch Holiday podcast. Listen, as his celebrity guests try to persuade the Grinch that there's more to love about the holiday season. Follow Tiz, the Grinch Holiday Podcast on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.