
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


Today,


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable, but Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Armand Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep, clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and odors. Put Armand hammer deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer, deep clean today, available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


Thanks again to our spots or into a TurboTax. Remember when doing taxes meant sacrificing your weekends to paperwork and crushing numbers. Not us, because we were just kids back then. Welcome To 2025 where you can tackle your taxes without leaving your couch. Taxes was waiting around for your taxes to be done, which just led to worrying about, you know, not getting any money back. Oh man, that'd be the worst. I would hate to worry about that. Now. Taxes is matching with the Turbo Tax Live expert who can file your taxes as soon as today. We all love a cozy Sunday afternoon lounging in your favorite sweat snacks within reach, and now you can feel productive during your chill time. Instead of stressing about your taxes later, you're knocking them out in between your favorite shows with a TurboTax Live expert, TurboTax Live full service experts are backed by cutting edge technology that helps you get every dollar you deserve. No more wondering if you've missed something, because while you go about your day, you can get real-time notifications about their Progress. It's 2025. Guys, why do taxes any other way? Now, this is taxes brought to you by Intuit TurboTax.


It's my favorite scene in the movie. How you doing to, how are you doing? Little Tony bad? Yeah. Why? Why you, why you? Well, everything's falling down around me. There's nothing I can do about, I'm sorry. I don't wanna do your No, no. Do it. Please, please. Yeah, everything's falling down around me. There's nothing I can do about it. Well, well, you know what it, whose fault is it? It's their fault. Right? It's, it's not my, it's not my fault. It's it's their fault, right? That's right. It's their fault. It's their fault. You have failed you. Let's do this thing. Woo. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Wonder Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Nike. When the world says you can't win, Nike says So. Win. We're your hosts. I'm Travis. This is my big brother Jason outta the University of Cincinnati.


Unfortunately, the Naty didn't make it in the fucking bracket, man, but still proud of the gang. Is the other Bracket still a thing? They still do the second tier bracket. The NIT. Yeah. Second. The second tier bracket. You're still fucking hilarious. I'm just, what am I? I'm just being honest. What else is it? I don't know what. Yeah, no, I think they do. I Think they're still doing the loses bracket. I, Dude, I used to hate that when we were little in like baseball. Yeah, like travel baseball. If you didn't make it into like the Final four or something, you went to a loser's bracket just so you can play on Sundays. Exactly. I like, man, I'm not trying to be in this fucking losers bragging fucking losers. Pretty sure that's how everybody feels in the NIT Subscribe on YouTube.


Where Wondery Plus, wherever you get your podcast, Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. Oh, we got an incredible episode for you guys. First of all, Knew It. We're gonna look into some of the biggest news around the NFL, including free agency, which is pretty much the only news happening Right now in the NFL. We're also gonna kick off our first ever new Heights March Madness Bracket Challenge. That's right. You guys will be playing. Oh yeah. For the coveted New HUD's Golden Cup. That's right. The winner is going to receive this 14 karat golden cup. Look at that. That thing's pretty How? Why is Jason the only one that has one of these?


Well, Mean we got a bunch of 'em. Do you want one? Can I fucking have one? Jason, Why are you asking me If you get All sent to your house? I don't control these one. I Want a fucking golden cup. Who's in charge of the Golden Cup? Everybody Ments. Everybody just sends all the trophies to Jason. Do you get the Stanley Cup, the Larry O'Brien, the fucking New Heights Cup? Yeah. I don't know who controls the Golden Cup shipments, but we can get you a Golden Cup. We also are gonna be getting the winner of our March band that's Bracket Challenge. The Gold Cup. I think there's gonna be two Gold Cups. There's gonna be a Gold cup for the men's NCAA bracket and a Gold Cup for the women's NCAA bracket. But we'll get into that in a second. We've also got an amazing conversation with the one, the only, Oh yeah. The Audi of Ben Stiller is coming on our podcast.


That's right. The director of the Hit show Severance is coming on New Heights to talk about that among all of his other career accolades that we enjoyed growing up. And since then we talk about Heavyweights, Tropic Thunder. Pretty much so Good. Everything that you'd wanna know from Ben Sill. We're gonna get into it. Hell Yeah. Also, happy St. Patrick Day. For those of you that weren't here at the top of the show, tune a little bit late. It is Monday. So we are filming this on St. Patrick's Day, although it will be releasing, I guess while you're watching this. It's Wednesday. Yeah, let's get it started. Trev, let's get it going, baby. Time For no news. No news.


No news is brought to you by American Express.


Yeah. Well let's get to the biggest piece of new news, which is that we are once again an award-winning podcast. That's right. We are the iHeartRadio 2025 Best Sports Podcast award winners. Thanks a lot, iHeart. Yeah baby. And most of all, thank you to All United, two Percenters for tuning in each week. 92 Percenters. You guys look us and getting us to win this award. This award is really just representation of all you people that tune in each week to listen to us. Two idiots talk about nonsense, nonsense. So thank you for tuning in. We sure love doing this podcast. And the only reason we're able to do it is because all you guys listen. So very much appreciate it and it's an honor iHeart that to receive this award on behalf of the 92 Percenters to make this podcast happen, as well as our amazing, our amazing production com crew, Wondery wave, everyone involved, and actually making this thing watchable.


Well done guys. So yeah, let's move on to some free agency news. What do you think, Trav? Yeah, let's dive into it. Big dog. Alrighty. First week and NFL Free agency in the books. Again, this is being recorded Monday, so if something were to happen perhaps Tuesday or even Wednesday when the show comes out, we will not be talking about it in this show. And really it's Wednesday at about 1230, so something, 'cause that, or this is Monday, there could be a lot of shit happening. This is Monday at 1230 Eastern, so there could be something that happens later today that we don't wanna know about. But yeah, either way to date, there have been some interesting things. We have a fan question about free agency from Jenna, XKC. I think that's Jenna at kc. Okay. So I've wondered this.


Do players not go to their new teams and tell their old teams plans? Like how does that work actually? Is there a rule or just common knowledge to respect the situation and nothing is discussed? I don't know if there's a rule that you're not allowed to disclose information, but I can tell you that everyone does disclose and this is absolutely something that happens in the NFL Jenna. Yes. Actually a lot of the times you'll see teams sign practice squad players one to two weeks before they play an opponent for this very reason. They wanna get code words, they wanna get information on, know huddle plays, coverage signals, all of these things are being tried to figure out keywords that are set at the line.


There's always information that they're trying to get out of players that have been in other organizations. Yeah, I don't know If it gets to this to the point of like you're sharing all your notes that you took. It probably does. It probably does get to that side. I bet guys will bring in binders. I've never, I've never seen it to that point. Yeah, I've never seen, I've never seen any of it, to be honest with you. Yeah. This all happens behind closed doors or something like that where like a coach or the player is gonna meet with somebody. I, I've talked to certain guys on other teams like, hey, like I noticed that they do this blitz. Like what happens? You know? Is there a tell when you guys are doing this game or there nine times outta 10? It's not that useful. What the defensive player is trying to give me.


I will say this, I was playing, I was playing, I forget who it was and I think Chase Daniel was on the sideline. I Think it was Chicago. We might've been playing in Chicago. Naggy was there. Maybe Tyler Brave might've been on the sideline as well. I'm trying to remember who it was that that called it out. But either Alex Smith or, or, or, or Pat Mahomes was up at the line of scrimmage and he, he signaled a quick route to me, like a hot route to me, essentially, or, or verbally said something to me to, to tell me to like break off my route differently. And on the sideline I see both of the quarterbacks screaming what that route was going to be.


Yeah, Yeah. And I'm just, and I, in my head I'm like, you, You son serve. Fuck No. Yeah, I Think it was pre-season, but at the same time, like you're, you're gonna do whatever you have to do to win in your current situation. And if that's, you know, finding a tick here and there from your previous situation and helping out your teammates in that regard, you're gonna fucking do it, man. And I don't think there's any like Bush leagues. Like I don't think it's like going behind someone's back or doing it like in a, I don't Yeah, I'm with you in a, Like, I don't know, I don't think it's wrong If you hand over the entire playbook. Yeah. That's different.


I think that's a little weird. Yeah. But if you're just talking ball and you're trying to give your guys a heads up on like an audible or something like that, I, I I think that's all fair game. I think stuff that hap I think I'm with you, TRV stuff that happens at the line of scrimmage, verbiage, signals, all of that stuff is usually fair game. That does happen in the NFL. Good question. And glad we got into it. Alright. We also got some cowboys Twitter fighting love when people fight on Twitter just out in the open. It's the best isn't it? Tomar Lawrence signs with Seattle, shit's on Dallas on his way out the door. I Right. He's just kind of being honest, clearly a little bit unhappy with the way things ended.


I believe he was quoted as saying Dallas is my home. I my kids are in Dallas, my family's in Dallas, But I know for sure I'm not gonna win a Super Bowl in Dallas. Yeah. Strong words. Strong words. I mean, I think he's just being honest, But yeah, Micah Parsons clearly didn't appreciate that this what rejection and envy looked like. This is some clown shit. Perfect. Perfect. That's a good way to respond to Marcus Lords calling me a clown. Won't change the fact that I told the truth. Maybe If you spent less time tweeting and more time winning, I wouldn't have left. Oh man. Yeah. That's yield Twitter beef. Lemme get you going.


What Is the point of fighting on Twitter? Like just out in the open for everybody to see? Well, you know, Jason, you're a professional. Nobody Fights on Twitter. Right? It's like when we were in high school and the kids would pull the fire alarm just so they could go out in the street and fight in front of all the students. Do you remember that in front? It was the best in front of, in front of the entire city. Yeah. Cleveland Heights is on Cedar and Lee, two of the base. Okay guys, you can go on the east side of Cleveland, you Guys could just go fight. You don't need to do this. Nah, I need an audience. I need, I want everybody to see me whoop his possess Everybody. And they would do it in the middle of the street.


Not just a street. Cedar, like the biggest, like one of the biggest ways into downtown Cleveland is just completely blocked out. I got so bad they had to put the cops at the intersection. Yeah, no, well it was stopping traffic. Gosh. People were trying to just, you know, do their cars Lined Up, up from their daily errands, Cars lined up, blocks down trying to do things. There's 4,000 kids out front watching a fight unfold in the middle of Cedar Road. Gosh. Gosh, man. And then would just go across the street over to Wendy's and get a frosty and well Then they, then they stopped dug it. Then they had to close Wendy's to, they wouldn't let kids walk into the Wendy. You had to go through the drive through.


Oh, better times. Better times. Love Cleveland Heights. Gotta love the Heights baby. Gotta love the Heights. We got a breaking contract news. We got some news in the contract world. The Bengals have fucking unloaded brink trucks. Love it. And have signed both Jamar Chase and t Higgins to four year deals. Jamar getting 1 61 with 112 guaranteed. Nice. Making him the highest paid non quarterback in NFL history. And then t Higgins getting 115 mil respectfully for in his first two years, guaranteed fully guaranteed. So Good for the Bengals. I mean, I did not think they were gonna be able to keep both these guys and they're paying a hefty price tag to do it For those who are wondering.


Yes. Joe Burrow making $55 million per year. Jamar Chase making just over 40 mil a year in t Higgins making close to 30 mil a year. That's over $125 million per year in new money on just three offensive players. When you say it like that, that is fucking, it's bonkers. It's, I'm not gonna say it's, it shouldn't be done, it's just never been done. Yeah. But all of these things, there's gonna be a never been done in a year or two years after this. The salary cap keeps going up. I think people don't realize often how much these, the contracts continue to go up for players over time.


When I first got into the League League minimum was 375,000. That's still a lot of money. Now it's over 700,000 is league minimum. Yeah, The average per year for the highest paid centers. When I was getting my first deal done, my third year in the league was like $6 million a year. Now the average of all the top centers is over 12. So in 10 years it's doubled. Newsflash, this is gonna get broken in another year or two just on how the salary cap keeps going up. I don't, I've never heard of this much of the salary cap being allocated to three offensive players. The, the Cowboys did it with CD, lamb, Dak Prescott, and they're gonna do it with Micah Parsons.


This is Gonna get, that's not three offensive players. Okay. Three offensive players. Sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. Well the Eagle's gotta be pretty dang close with AJ Brown. Devonte Smith is gonna be up for a contract soon and Jalen Hertz get ready to see that one. Or they're gonna let Devonte Smith go. I don't think that's happening. Yeah. D Devonte Smith isn't making 50 mil. You Don't think Devonte's gonna get close to a t Higgins is making, the only reason AJ isn't making 55 is because AJ got redone a couple years ago or last year. I hear you. All right. He's still only making 30. They're Gonna be up again here in another year or two. And I bet it gets close to this. We'll find out. I Yeah, we're gonna find out. I don't think they stay, but it All, it, it all happens like this.


Dude, I'm telling you, this is only gonna, I bet this, I bet this very metric gets broken within, within three Years. I bet you, I bet you it never gets close that 125 mil per year To three offensive players And to No, and that percentage of what the cap is Right now. Well, we don't know that percentage. Well, and this is another thing Will never be just three players ever. Well, and this is another thing that I would like to stipulate. We don't even know what the percentage is for this year. These are the numbers of this arbitrary tweet that Brandon and Jake have decided to put into average per year. Nobody right here knows what they're actually being accounted for for the cap. Nobody knows what the cash is.


Nobody knows what the guarantee is. Well, Somebody, somebody can figure that out. It's all Be Will. And I think that I but I hear what you're saying. I'm just saying that the, All I'm saying is there's a huge disservice to the NFL free agency. Every I, it, it pisses me off so much listening to all of these people. Just say the average per year is this when all they did is divide the total money by three. Look at this, look at this. By extending Jamar, chase, Stevens, and Bengals Bengals will actually lower both players Cap hits this seasons. Okay, nice. So this is my whole point. People have no fucking clue what these numbers mean and they just want launch into these arbitrary things of like how much money Anyways, just saying don't be misguided people.


You got me. You got me. It sounds pretty ridiculous, but you got me. I really do. And Trav, we talked about this. I think it'd be good to bring on somebody who really understands the salary cap and all because, because I wanna know it. I wanna hear like what all these structures mean. 'cause I, I was talking to somebody the other day and they said it's all about cash and like how much eventually that cash comes due in whatever you're paying, but there's ways to manipulate it and it gets manipulated in signing bonus in roster bonuses. Every team does it. Some teams have more cash to divvy out upfront. I don't really know all the ins and outs of it, but I would love to have somebody on to explain to me, you and the 92 Percenters, what all these numbers mean.


Should we do a NFL salary cap educational episode Or should we go and find somebody else? Or, or should we just have a fun conversation with a former player and just dick around like always. Yeah. Alright, you guys let us know If you guys want to learn this stuff. Alright, Cool. All last bit of new news. Shout out Kyle Frazier, the kid who puked working out with Aaron Donald, but still finished a workout. According to him, he tweeted referencing the social clip that we released about Aaron Donald and him working out. He said, definitely a workout I'll never forget, but you forget the part where I got back and finished.


Ooh. Yeah. Love. That's what I, I'm fucking talking about beef all Years. I fucking love that Kyle. That boy Kyle, Apparently this guy. He's guy freaking plays college football now. Nice. He's Pretty awesome. Where's he at? I Don't know. Brandon, do we have that information? Georgia Southern playing college football down there. That's hot. Tell you what, I don't wanna be in a Georgia Southern training camp. That's damn sure, Sir. I'll be puking a lot. Nice. Well, he had some experience about fighting through the pu of what Kyle. And that does it for new news brought to you by American Express. Yeah, Baby. Alrighty. March Madness is here.


While the men's tournament always draws massive attention to 2025, women's bracket is shaping up to be historic. Yukon's very own Paige Becker's has been crushing in her return to elite form after battling through some serious injuries. Proves why she's one of the most hyped recruits. That's right. Becker's has the Nike mindset with a relentless pursuit. When the world says no, she says yes. What makes Becker so special is her combination of elite skills, incredible resilience. She becomes an inspiration for young players. Everywhere shows that setbacks don't define you, it's how you respond to them that matters. The level Of talent in women's college basketball Right now is unmatched. Not Right now. This Tournament could feature some of the most exciting matchups we've seen in years.


Don't make the mistake of overlooking the women's tournament this year. Stay tuned for what they've got going on. Once March Madness tips


off, No matter what kind of traveler you are, the American Express Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Jason? Yes? What's your least favorite part of traveling? My least favorite part of traveling is probably the flight. Nice. Yeah. Or I mean, I would just say transportation in general. Nice. I would say packing. Well, it's easier to fly now because you can enjoy exclusive access to centurion lounges. Oh, perfect. Yeah. At airports worldwide and when You book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast for two and a guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout for you late risers. Plus, with Global Dining Access by resi, you'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe. Mm. When you add your platinum card to your resi profile, that's The powerful backing of American Express. For Full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex


thanks to our sponsor, audible. Hey, Let Audible expand your life by listening. That's right. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Whether you're Breaking free from old patterns or building better ones, audible puts wisdom in your ears. Just open the app and dive in with thousands of titles covering every goal and interest. Your next listen is at your fingertips, Like the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or 10% Happier Ooh, by Dan Harris. I'll take 10% happier. I'll take Tens. I I'll take a thousand percent happier. I'm gonna one up Dan Harris. Yeah. I'm actually, I'm gonna tenfold, I'm gonna go 10000% Happier than you. I'm, I'm gonna a hundred times. I'm gonna 1000000% Happier. Yeah. Yeah. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing so much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start Listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at audible.com/new Heights.


I think it's time to check out this, this interview you guys have been waiting for. Let's Do it. Just so you know, this interview was taped before episode nine came out of Severance. So yes, we won't have anything from the most recent episode, but we do have some nice talking points and show references as well as a whole lot of other Ben Stiller anecdotes in this episode. So you're gonna wanna watch this? Enjoy it. I have Not. Our guest today is from New York City. He's a 12 time Teen Choice award. 13 time MTV EY Award. MTV generational award. And Emmy winner, you know him from Heavyweight Zoolander or Tropic Thunder Dodge Ball. Ain't the parents And now the executive producer, Director of Apple TV's hit show Severance.


Please welcome to New Heights, Mr. Ben Stiller. Let's go. Thank You. Thank you. Thanks, mark. Welcome to this. So Ben, appreciate you Jumping On with us. It's great to be with you guys. It is so hard to figure out these intros when you have as much of a like Yeah, I don't as much of a inventory of just hit movies. Let's After Hit movies. Well, those are some pretty heavy awards credits there. Pretty, the Big ones Not screwing around there. It's, yeah. You, this, you guys, you guys are doing good with this podcast. You're having fun. Oh, that for sure. Yeah. Yeah. We started this thing up just trying to get our, our brotherhood out there.


A lot of people see us as complete opposites, but you get us in a room, you'll, you'll see we're a lot more similar than what we are. Are and And you're a little bit older. What's The age difference? Two years? Two years. Two years almost. Exactly. Okay. October 5th. November 5th. All right. I'm November 30th. Scorpion right Up there. Yeah. We just talked about, we're big astrology guys. Oh Yeah. No. Okay. No. But yeah, I don't understand the astrology thing because it's like you have your sun sign, but then there's the rising sign and the moon and, and it can, right. So it can cha you got like really three signs or something like that. You could be, And I don't know. And how does it really, I mean, let's not get into it. My sister, my sister is really into it. Oh, Okay. Yeah. I guess we can move on from astrology and move over to, we're gonna give a, at some point we'll talk about Severance.


Yeah, we Got to. So, So we might have some, so if you're, when we get to that section, we'll give you a warning. 'cause we don't wanna ruin anything. The show is absolutely fantastic and there's tons of things going on. We don't wanna spoil anything for anybody who might be just getting into it or isn't all the way caught up. But before we get into that, we're gonna talk about your first bit of cinematic excellence, which maybe it's not, but it's definitely the one that sticks with us, the moats. And we quote nonstop, which is Heavyweights. Yeah. Did, Did you know first of all before I said the movie? Yeah. Did You know I was gonna say Heavyweights. I had seen, I think I saw you had like a Percoco power show. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Shout to Bread Beef, that One. And I, and I, and I'd heard some, you know, rumblings that, that you guys were into it, which was pretty Cool.


Oh, into it. It was my life. It was, listen, I was a heavyweight growing up, Jason. He didn't get fat until he went to Office Line. We switched places. We switched places growing up. So Jason's more newly founded into it. But So seriously, you were dealing with weight issues as A I think he was chubby. I think I was, yeah. I was dealing with my, my love for honey buns. I think that's what I was kind of dealing with more. But no, I saw Heavyweights and was like, oh man, camp hope is like, if there's a camp out there like that, I want to go to it. Just kids that can be fat together and hide candy in their beds and Yeah. You know, they terrorized Yeah. Kids that never like really lived up to the excellence of their brother and just the expectations that their parents set for themselves. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Are you kid The blob?


Was it kart? Yeah. Are like, that was everything. A kid wanted to do it, it Was sort of Yeah. Like a, a dream camp. But then, you know, this guy comes in so good who has never really dealt with children before. Yeah. That's one of the funniest Intros. It was really fun to do. We had a great time. I mean, I remember the summer shooting the movie very well. We shot it down in near Asheville, North Carolina. Okay. I'm still buddies with the guy who's my trainer when I was doing the, the, the movie Mickey Moreno. Shout out to Mickey, you who's down in East Hendersonville. Yeah. It was just, but like yeah. Today, first of all, the fact that that was a Disney movie Is It is It is kind of crazy. Yeah. That, that was, I chuckle at every time I see Disney across the top.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a, it's an edgy Disney movie for Sure. It's not, it's not Little Mermaid, you know, it's, And and I don't even think they were aware of it at the time. It was a different time. Right. It was pre social media. Yeah, it was, I think there was less of a sort of a moment to moment awareness of, you know, if you're doing something right or wrong and all that. So it was, you know, and, and Judd Apatow and was producing it. Judd and I were friends and had been working together on a show we had done, and I had gotten canceled and I had gone and directed a movie, my first movie. And he said, Hey, we're gonna go down. Steve Brills the director of really funny guy.


We're gonna go down to Ash Asheville and do this fun, you know, this camp comedy, you can play this like mean guy who you know is mean to these kids who are overweight. And, and it seemed fun and funny. And In I'm in, yeah, it's right there. And it was like A pitch and it happens to be Disney, whatever. And I think they went off and they made the movie and Disney looked at it and was like, This isn't Quite, you know, Down the middle for the Disney Brand. And they kind of put it out there or whatever. And then that was it. You must've seen it on video, right? Oh, 100%. A Few years after it came out or something. It's 30 years old. Right, exactly. Yeah. Exactly. But then It's Habits life. I saw it later in the nineties For sure. But yeah, it never would've gotten made today. And Why do you say that?


I think just because what serious, because The character is being so mean to these kids who are dealing with weight issues. That, that I don't think, but don't you Think it just don't think that's getting off the drawing Board. I understand. But I feel like the movie also inspired more people that were overweight. Like it really ends up being something that most of the people that I knew that were overweight or it was like a healthy relationship with that at the end of the day. Yeah. I do agree that Tony was not the nicest to the kids. No, I think Tony is dealing with his own weight issues. Oh, for sure. It's very clear. And, and and his own feelings towards his parents. And also that he's a kid who never in, he never interacted with other kids. And you know, he wants to be famous and, You know, I, I feel for Tony, I feel like he's the most sympathetic character in I was say, where did he, where did Tony come?


Like where did you find him? Is there any inspiration? There was a little bit of Tony Robbins in there. Oh, okay. Tony Robbin was the Absolute, the Motivational guy, just in terms of the voice and how he talks and his kind of weird, sort of like, he, you know, Tony Robbins had this thing where he gets sort of like intensely Yeah. He could kind of like hypnotize you with his eyes. Yes, yes. And I don't know, man. And then we just sort of like played around and I, it's funny like, 'cause I look at back at clips, I, I saw a clip like behind the scenes on it and I was like, God, we were so young back then too, just like kind of just doing it, you know what I mean? Yeah. And just kind of going for it's awesome. And you's don't really think about it that much. And the kids were so much fun. And it was, you know, kinda like every day we were just, and my, my folks were in it playing my parents.


That's so cool, man. We had, we had just had had the best time. Don't Let somebody sign you checks. Oh yeah. Don't let it. Best advice I ever got. So I guess how much of that movie was of Tony was being scripted and how much of that is you off the cuff? Just It, yeah. I don't remember. I think like we were, we were improvising all the time. It sort of, I I feel like there were some improv moments there. I think like that little moment where Tony goes and talks to himself when he's weighing the kids and Talks to, well he brought this up. It's my favorite scene in the music Asking question. You do a to Are you doing a little Tony bad? Yeah. Why, why are you, why you Well, everything's falling down around me.


There's nothing I can do about, I'm sorry. I don't wanna do your break. Yeah. There's, everything's falling down around me. There's nothing I can do about it. Well, well, you know what, say whose fault is it? It their fault. It's, it's not my, it's not my fault. It's, it's their fault. Right? That's right. It's their fault. It's their fault. You Failed Fault. Yeah. Yeah. The, the thing that's kind of funny to me about that scene is it was, it was improvised, but You know, I, if you've ever been in therapy or gone to therapy, that's all. You know, a a lot of people talk about talking to your inner child. Oh yeah. You know, and finding your inner child Yeah. And connecting with your inner child. And in, over the years, I have, I, I've been in a therapy session where the therapist says like, you should go, like, let's talk to your inner child. And I literally feel like I'm just doing a scene from Heavyweights In therapy.


So I always feel like it's just, this is kind of silly 'cause I, I've literally done this in a movie where it actually made sense that Tony was able to talk himself into understanding that he's not the problem, they are the problem. And he helped himself. So in a way it's a very healthy connection that he's having, you know, with himself 100% Himself. Percent with himself. Maybe not with the kids, but with himself. Well, no, and, and I Think it, you know, the kids also like, you know, let's face it, the kids were cheating. They should have been following the rules. This is To Reevaluate this movie. They Were Hiding. They were the problems hiding candy. Come on. Yeah. Not hustling. If you Go to a camp where you wanna lose weight, you gotta play by the rules. Right. It's like you guys show up at training camp.


Right. If you're not gonna put the work in That's right. You nobody's gonna be able to force you to do it. Right. You gotta have the mindset. Yeah. I definitely go to Chick-fil-A during camp though. I'm not gonna lie, I don't go to the meal room. I know some guys that probably hidden some stuff in their beds. So it is kind of like being at camp when you go to change. Oh, 100%. It's a little bit like a Hundred percent. Well, when he still goes away for camp. Right? Right. Yeah. Most teams don't go like, you don't go away anymore Home. I'm living in a dorm room. Yeah. Cement wall, white cement brick walls. And You get a single or a double Or you, they actually put the double two together, two singles together to make, and that's why I mean two singles together. So I'm, it's kind of bit, it's a bit of like a, it's an experience like back in time And I'm not like a super football guy, but I know you guys plays, you have to like learn all the plays at training camp and then there's gonna be the plays for the rest of the season For the majority.


For the majority of it. Yeah. Do you learn like the base installs so that everybody can get brought up to speed and from there you still create plays based off of the team that you're playing. Yeah. And what they've been doing, you try and scheme 'em up week by week. Right. So the, the playbook definitely expands after the, after training camp. But for the, for the most part you get all the, the verbiage and all the, you get the understanding of like formations and stuff. And then from there all the plays kind of just get And is it different every year? Like the coach will come in with a new Yeah, I, I joke about Coach Reed coming in with like a, a index like stack, like this big, just like a rubber band around him. And you just see plays drawn up on him and he's just like, I got some good stuff because, But there is, there is a lot of carryover.


Right. The ma the majority of your staples are still say the same. And the way the football coaches do, they have to teach it to all the new guys as well. Right. So especially when you've been there for a long time, you start from square one in the off season and during training camp. So at two different times of the year you'll learn what we call this gap, what we call this technique, what we call this play. And every minor deep. So he's had inside zone installed to him. I could go up there and install over 35 Times. You know, I mean what's What is inside Zone? Inside zone is when you give it to the running back at a more steep angle downhill. He reads the front side B gap to the backside a gap reads the really, they're trying to run it towards the three technique to where we can get a double team up to the mic backer.


Hopefully you're Yeah, No, no, no. I knew that. I was just saying for this kind of inside zone. Okay. Yeah. For me, for me, I'm typically on the backside of the inside zone And you double back. You definitely double back every time to the, there We go. That's always the zone is a double back. There we go. It's incredibly complicated, isn't it? It I Think it's inco. It's, Or is it's Complicated. Mean we're still football players. It's Not Roger, listen to a lot of football players talk. It's not that complicated. Yeah. But yeah. No, no. But honestly I did, I did once when we were doing Zoolander or two, Aaron Rogers came to Italy and that's a complicated man. Yeah. A guy, Guy that knows A lot. But I asked him like, okay, you know, how do you do that on the line when you're having to make those split second decisions?


And he said like, it's really not, it's not as like, complicated as they make it sound on tv. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, but you're Aaron Rogers. So it probably, this is true. It's a little bit, but it sounds like the same thing you're saying, which is kind like you guys just have you for so many years instinctually, you know, it Yeah. You just, There's A a lot of carry over. Yeah. You learn it over and over again. So it becomes second nature, especially the verbiage aspect of it. Right. But it's a Guy like Aaron. Aaron is another level, right. Of the intellectual ability Yeah. For the game. Right. So obviously it's very much easier for him than a lot of other guys. But I do think that at the end of the day, a lot of there, there's carryover, the plays, you've run them a long time now whether you start in college or high school or high school or even before that.


So you, you tend to retain all that knowledge. So it, it sounds complex to somebody who doesn't understand it. But I mean a lot of it's just common sense though. Like, you're run, if you're running a play where there's too many guys to run a play, it's like, yeah, we shouldn't run the ball over here. Right. Right. Let's go run the ball over here. It's like numbers and leverage ultimately come down to like what makes A football and surprise of it. Right? Yeah. I mean that's a huge aspect of it. Catching the defense off guard, not being predictable. Can I ask you one other question about football? Are you kidding me? Keep growing us. I love, I love this. Love this. This is one. No, this is, as a fan, it's the, the pain aspect. Okay. As we watch numbed out watching our TV sets being entertained all across America and the the world, you guys are just like smashing into each other and you just take it for granted as an audience member.


But when you really look at, I enjoy it. But like, what is, I mean like what is the reality of that in a game? Because, you know, you see it when you see the play where a guy gets twisted around and you see God forbid an awful, you know, brave or Yeah. And you're like, oh my God, this is horrific. Yeah. But First of all, like, what does that feel like? And second of all, could a normal human being and you know, guy like me. Yeah. I'm only Way to find out If you could, I dunno If you could been, but Tony pers could definitely get out on there how Tony per Insecurities necessary achieve his football jeans. Yeah. But like, seriously, like what You talk to. What Is the level of like, what's happening there?


Well, I like, like especially when you get the ball, it's like, you're like, you're, you ever seen the bird scooters that go like 15 at 17 miles an hour and you just kind of flying around town? It's like riding one of those and then jumping off and, and it's just like, you take little collisions like that throughout the day and it's just fun. It's fun. And I feel like when you have pads on and you have the excitement of like the team and everything, you don't really think of, of like the camaraderie of the team in doing something for a bigger purpose of other than yourself. Like, you find like fun in competing with guys doing this. And I, I don't know. I think when I, when I, when I was playing quarterback growing up, I didn't really have that much love for it. But once I moved to tight end, obviously my skillset was more suited for that.


But I had more fun catching the ball and like, kind of enjoying those moments where I could be physical. I could, I could kind of like hit a guy. 'cause you don't get to just walk down the street and blindside a guy. Right, right. You get to have fun. You're allowed to just go assaulting somebody. You know? It's like, it's it's encouraged. Yeah. It's encouraged. Yeah. So it's like, you don't really think of it as like pain. Although you do feel the discomfort after a game and after like a a season you feel the wear and tear. For sure. But There's, so the adrenaline is Taking, that's what I'm in the middle of a game. The adrenaline is so intense. You'll feel a little bit of pain, but it's not something that's gonna be like that. But you're kind on the line. You're just every play. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't have any joy.


You see This guy's neck, what's wrong With it? It's pretty thick. It's barely there. There. Oh, I, yeah. That is just, oh, Arthritis. You show you Show you showing off Right now. Well, I, I also think about the concentration that it takes to catch the ball knowing there's a guy coming, You know? I Think that's more intimidating than anything. Have some fun with it. Oh, I do. I like to make them think that. I don't know he's coming. Okay. Interesting. I reverse it on him. Yeah. But I'm also known for like, not even running my round, so I just kind, I always like to keep second guess. Keep the surprise. That's right. Yeah. Keep surprised. The, well, Did you ever wanna play football? You know, I grew up in New York on the upper west side of Manhattan, not in a sports oriented environment.


I used to love to play basketball. Nice. You've had some pretty iconic basketball scenes. Yeah. Yeah. I, I love basketball, but I didn't have the height or the, you know, I'm Jewish. I can't jump. We're Just not allowed. Yeah. I mean, so I wasn't like in that kind of environment. Small upper west side private school, didn't even have a football team, had a basketball team. I didn't make the basketball team. I think 14 kids tried out and they, 12 kids made it and I didn't make it, but I, it's okay. I I've Not, I've been cut before too. Jason's never been cut. He doesn't understand this. I've never been Cut. But then I, you know, Owen Wilson's buddy of mine and he played sports growing up and he always said, I could have been like a little scat back type of Guy. Do you think you'd get a yard in the NFL?


I Could not. No. I, what? I, I, I, I literally wonder what would happen. Like if I could survive a, a Play. Well we, I think we could get you a yard. The only could get you a yard. I think so. My god. Yeah. You got enough athletic. Get a yard. You guys couldn't get judge Yard. Yard after that yard. After that yard. I dunno what's happening If I'm behind you all, man. Tush pushing me. There you go. We'll get we'll, I was about to say that's a for sure yard. It's gotta secure the snap. We Were, you could probably like tush push me, just pick me up and throw me into the end. Drive to Throw, push tush, throw over the top. Just turn Ben into the football. We might've just invented version of the tush. Different Stiller tush push. Okay. So we talk about Heavyweights.


Yeah. You said it couldn't be made today. Well it Could, it it, yeah. I don't Think it would be made by Disney today. You know what I mean? But I Think it could be made independently. Sure. If somebody wanted to go out and do it. Bob Iger is not, not back in that. I don't know man. We should go And see here. We see what he, you know. Yeah. What about Tropic Thunder? Tropic Thunder? Yeah. I, I've been asked this question before, You know, I I Think it would have a tougher time getting made today. For sure. I love for so much. Yeah. Just because first of all, like, you know, big comedies with big budgets like that aren't really being made as much, if at all. And, and Tropic Thunder did, you know, have some pretty edgy elements to it at the time.


It was Gy, it's great word. Edgy is a great one. Did anybody, but did anybody complain? I don't ever remember anybody complaining About Oh really? Yeah. Complaining. You did. Whoa. Nevermind. I'm gonna go back over here. No, no, no, no, no. You didn't Think it was, did a bubble, But in a different way. It was, again, this is, what is it, 15 years ago or something? Yeah, it was 2008 or something. It was like a different sort of reaction to things that wasn't as in the moment and as much of a kind of a waterfall of, you know, reaction immediately. Yeah. No, I mean, my character that I played tug was, you know, playing this character of Simple Jack that was, you know Yeah. That Won't be Tough. That, that, that would got some blowback. Yeah. From, from people.


I, You know, I, I showed the movie to the NAACP in LA before we, we released the movie to because of Robert's character that he was Of course. And to me the, the joke in the movie always was that these actors are trying to do anything they can to win an award and be taken seriously. So that to me, that was why it was always clear to me. That's the joke of the movie. Correct. Yeah. And I think people who get the movie get that, but we, you know, you definitely wanna like get a sense of how people are reacting to it. So, you know, we did, we, but that's what comedy, you gotta take chances. You gotta put it out there and Yeah, we got a little bit of blow back. But as long as you're clear, you know, where the, where the joke is and that you're, you're clear about your intention, you can, you know, then I think you can hear criticism and, and it can be valid.


But you, you know where you're coming from and you can stand by it, which I do. I still stand by the movie. Yeah. And, and I, I would, I would hope that we could make another Tropic Thunder here. Oh gosh. She is so good. I tried to show it to my kids. My oldest is five. Jesus. Sorry, I wasn't trying to show it to him. I was just putting it on the girls walked into the room. What was the review? It was not good. It was during the talking. Just lost his hands and Oh my God. It was early on. Intestines are all over the place. Kylie, I, I forget Kylie's. Exactly. Do you remember what Kylie said other than turn this off Right now, You'll you'll be getting the therapy bill from your kids in about 15 Years.


No doubt. Do you have a favorite comedy movie you've made? Oh, that I've made. I mean, Tropic Thunder for me was like one of the most fun experiences just because we were all together. It was such an amazing cast just to be with those guys. And it was an idea that I had had from back in like 1987. Yeah. Oh, that's so, so cool. And then we finally made the movie in 2007. So Holy God. Literally had, had, had been sort of gestating that long. Yeah. So to actually be making it was sort of surreal that we were finally doing it. Except for me, that experience was one of my favorites. And yeah. But like, you know, do we meet the parents with Robert De Niro is, will always be an incredibly exciting thing that happened, you know, to just, and kind of surreal.


'cause I just love him so much. Yeah. And yeah. And then getting to, yeah. I mean, I don't know. It's, it's, every time you're in it, it's always different. I don't know If you guys are like this when you're, you know, when you're doing your thing, but like, you're in it and it's, sometimes it's hard to appreciate it when you're in it. 'cause you have to be focusing on what you're doing. You're rolling. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm right there with you. I don't Because they always say like, football players, I, or even any athletes say like, go out there and have fun. Is that, is that a real thing? One, I feel like I play my best when I'm out there just enjoying the moments with the guys. Yeah. And it's 100% I don't like to kind of look at things as it's complete or like, I'm, I'm more in the moment trying to think about the next play.


Trying to think about the next like way we're gonna attack 'em, how I'm gonna handle this situation and think about that. Then I am like, man, this is sweet. I do think though, that's why they tell you to have fun because it's so easy to lose track of the fact that we're all playing a game. And this should be fun, right. You get bogged down on where you're at and trying to remember the play or the moment, let's sit down a distance. All these things, you lose track of the fact that like, If you guys are genuinely enjoying being out there and having fun, there's an enthusiasm and an energy that permeates and makes everybody usually perform better. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's one thing that I watched Trav, I've always been like, I, for some reason it always looks like he brings that out on the field.


Yeah. And there's certain guys that have a tendency, you just watch a game and people gravitate towards him. It makes 'em feel like they're kids again. And as a player where for me, I oftentimes wasn't that, I always appreciated playing with those guys because it made me feel like I was playing in the backyard with my buddies again. Right. Yeah. And even though we're in front of this huge stadium or Whatever. Yeah. Right. And you, and you see the joy that you have when like, I mean, obviously end zone celebrations or just when, first down or something like that. But I think, you know, that that en enjoyment of connecting with your teammates and doing, doing the work in, in the moment and like it working when you like, you know, complete a, a play that, that works. I have that same appreciation when I'm working on a movie that, that the enjoyment of the process.


The heck. Yeah. And actually for me, that's my favorite part of all, all of this I'm with is, is the, is being in process with something or sitting in the editing room and cutting together a sequence, putting some music Yeah. On it and feeling it come together. That to me is the best. Yeah. And that, and that is important I think, to have that appreciation of the process because, you know, with a movie or something like that, it, it comes out and then people either like it or they don't like it and you have no control over that. Right? Yeah. It's just going out into the world. But the process is what you, you experienced and what you, you know, what you own. And so you have to enjoy that because the rest of it is sort of, then you're at the whim of like, you know, what people thought. And that's, by the way, that's like trial and error for me over the years.


Oh, 100%. You, I've, I've learned that throughout the course of my career. I came in wanting to have all the stats, wanting to have all the acknowledgement of he's a great player. And, and I mean, I've been fortunate to like, get a lot of those stats and have successful years and win Super Bowls. But at the same time when I'm like, kind of like in it, like I find more love building that piece than I am just kind of looking back like, oh man, that's awesome. Like, it was more just like the, the feeling of doing it with them in the moment that just like, really, that's where it's most enjoyable for me. I Actually remember when we were doing Tropic Thunder, talking to Robert Downey about it. 'cause at that point he, I think he had just done Ironman, but he, it hadn't come out yet.


You know, and he had this interesting trajectory to his career where, you know, he had a lot of acclaim and he went through a lot of challenges and then, you know, and then Ironman came out and kinda like revitalized his career. Yeah. Yeah. But as a actor, he's always been like one of the best actors ever. And I remember talking to him when we were doing the movie about this sense of sort of like, we've worked, you and I, you, you and I, we've all worked really hard over the years. 'cause this is, you know, we'd already been doing it for whatever, like 25 years probably. Yeah. Or whatever. And so the enjoyment of knowing that you've put in a lot of work and then having a freedom to then go and put something out there and try things and do your thing with a sense of, oh Man, that had to be such a relief to just be able to cut it loose like that.


Yeah. An appreciation of that. Say like, yeah, I have put this work in. And it's not like an ego thing. It's more like, Hey, okay, we're here and we've done this a lot. And it's what you were saying about putting those work in on those plays your whole life. Then you kind of can go out there and let go in a way and appreciate the fun of that too. Right. While you still are locked in and trying to do something new and hit the next, you know, level. And I think that's an important thing in, in the process to appreciate You fucking hit it, dude. 'cause that movie is classic. How did you get Tom Cruise to jump in on this dude? I mean, then the Star started Yeah, like lineup. This is a crazy one. I mean, Tom and I knew each other a little bit 'cause we had done, You know, I been a fan my whole life.


Yeah. And you know, just watching his movies forever. And I'd met him a few times over the years and we did a little short for MTV movie awards. This is like 25 years ago, I think, because I was on my honeymoon. We came back from our honeymoon in Australia to do this thing with Tom, where I was a stunt man. I pretended I Was a stunt man. Oh yeah. I remember. Yeah. It was So good submission possible too. And we had so much fun doing that. And then a few years finish Your own sentences. S Right. Yeah. It was so fun and weird doing that. And then, you know, we stayed in touch and this was, again, few years go by and actually I, I, we'd been talking about trying to figure out something to do, but, You know, I hadn't figured it out.


And then I was working on the Tropic Thunder script and I had actually done a home movie for my wife for her birthday that was a takeoff on the show. 24. Okay. And it was called 17 or 17 minutes long. And it started my brother-in-law, Brian Taylor, who happens to be here today, who's not an Actor, out to Brian. Shout out to Brian. Yeah. Brian is the worst actor ever. He, he, which can also be really good at times. Right. It's tool. They have an alarm company in Allentown, Pennsylvania. He's not a professional actor. So the fun of the joke was, let's put him in a movie with like real actors. And he was obsessed with Tom's speech from a Few Good Men. Oh yeah. You know, or the, or the, the Jack Nicholson speech from a Few Good Men that he gives to Tom Cruise where he says, you know, you can't handle the truth.


Right. I, I said, Tom, we're doing this home movie for Christine. Would you maybe come and do like a scene in it where my brother-in-law's gonna recite the Jack Nicholson Speech? Oh my. And, and He said, yes. And there's, there's video evidence of This. Yes. There is video evidence. And he came down and he was so professional and like, it blew my mind. He was so good. And Brian did the speech to him, and That's amazing. We had so much fun doing that, that the Tropic Thunder came up. I, I called him, I said, look, let's maybe, are you interested in this movie? And he looked at me, he said, you know the, you ha you make fun of the actors. You make fun of, you know, everybody and the agents and all that.


But you don't make fun of the studio heads. You should have, have a studio head. So his, it was his idea. Oh my gosh. That character, what that character did not exist before he suggested it. I feel like it is such a, It's a, and then it became such an important part of the story. And this was three months before we started shooting the movie. And we rewrote Justin Throw and I were working on it, Itan Cohen. And, and Justin and I rewrote these scenes and, and put them in. And then Tom said, also, I feel like I want to dance in the movie. I just wanna dance. So this was purely like, Have a body suit on. Yeah. And then, and, and then we did a makeup test And go crazy. Yeah. And we put him in the makeup and we, and he started dancing in the makeup test and we gave him some diet Cokes to crush.


And then we put, and then I think I put Get back by Ludicrous In the makeup Test. And I was like, this could be really fun. So good. So Good. And yeah, he came in and just, yeah. So it was, it was pretty, pretty crazy how that Happened. That's awesome. That is crazy. How did, how did Brian do in his speech, Brian? Well, he was perfectly bad as he should have been. That what Brian? God damn. Those good stuff. I, I could ask you more about the, your basketball level, your sports love. So you were at the Oscars not too long ago, getting the hype about the Knicks win. Yeah. Let's go. Not sure If it was even an important game. It was just like, are you, you watch every game like That? I do watch every game. Nice. I do.


Yeah. I'm, I'm, you know, the last few years, look, I've, I've, my whole life I've been a Knicks fan last few years have been pretty exciting. Heck yeah. So many years in the wilderness, especially like the, the last, like 10 years before this. Yeah. Yeah. I, I watch, I try to watch every game and I now have realized I have to actually put the games into my schedule even I'm not going to them just to watch them on just to catch 'em. Yeah. To not like plan a dinner Because I start to resent them. I'm dinner. Yeah. So I knew that the game was happening during the Oscars and then I, but I was focused on doing the thing at the Oscars and then like, once it was done, I, I was leaving and after I'd done my thing, I was going back to my hotel and I realized, oh my God, the Knicks game is on.


So then I like checked it. 'cause I hadn't checked it the whole day or been aware of it as much, to be honest. I wasn't, I, but I knew it was happening and then I saw the Knicks had won and I was like, oh, this is great. I just finished my, the Oscars and the Knicks won. I'm happy. Nicks win. Heck Yeah. Yeah. And then I guess somebody picked up the fact that I had been like At throw your backstage. Right. But I mean, I genuinely do. You know, I, I went to the Lakers game where Brunson got injured and You know, I genuinely love going to the games. I feel like I've always told myself I want to go to a game in Madison Square Garden. It was actually a big reason why we went to, or I went to Cincinnati, was 'cause the Big East championship is in the garden. Yeah. I've always imagined the garden as like, obviously the Mecca, but it is like the top of like the basketball culture.


You came to a game right where it gets Roddy? No, I haven't been to a game yet. Oh, okay. And I've been telling myself I'm gonna go when the Knicks are good and it's rocking and it's just been like, You have to come to a game. I Have to. I Know. I, why, why don't you come to a game? I'm going to, I'll tell you what, the Cavs meet the Nicks and the playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. And I, because that thing, I want it to be like a, the Nick, I don't know if it's like that every single game, but I know when it's an important game. That thing is like mad It madness, honestly. Like you can see it on TV when it Yeah. Honestly, when a any game, If it's a good game, it goes crazy. Yeah. Like, it's just so intense. Yeah. But you know, the playoffs, there's like nothing like, like when they beat Philadelphia in the playoffs last season. Oh yeah. And Dante Dito hit that shot. I dunno if you've remember that play, but like, it was just, it was, I never felt anything like it.


Yeah. Heck yeah. Yeah. Me and Jason talk about it all the time. There's no better take it in sports than Courtside at a NBA game. There's nothing better. Right. Because you're so close To it. You're so, yeah, you're right. That was the first time I ever, I went back, Travis had courtside tickets to the Cavs for the second half of the season. Yeah. Every year When Brown was there. Yeah. When the Browns, so I haven't been able to get back. Let's Borrow a couple of tickets. I go there. And that was my first time realizing, oh my God, these guys are like so much better athletes than football players. Like, they're moving so fast, so Coordinated. It had have springs on their feet. Right. Yeah. It was just in the size. Yeah. Like, I, I think it's easy, it's harder when you're brought back from it to really realize how big an athletic are.


You Don't Yeah, for sure. For sure. But when you're on the court, it's like, oh, that guy is high. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. For sure. I mean, even just seeing LeBron in person, you know, like I was watching the other night. I mean, it's just, he's just so big. Yeah. And he's so strong and, you know, he gets the ball And all of a Sudden it's just like the tension level goes up And the defender gets up on whoever it is Because it's like LeBron's got the ball and he's like, he can impose his will Still. That's, and he's 40 years old doing it. Yeah. Which is insane. So he did a spin move and a dunk and I was like, I've never seen that ball. Yeah. It's like, whoa. Yeah. It's very impressive. Would you rather win an Academy Award Ornick win the championship?


I don't know. I mean, I think the Knicks, I, I, you know, realistically I think the Knicks winning a championship Is in the cards. Alright. Alright. So I I'm definitely down for that. Yeah. But if I was for like, if I was forced, like, I definitely, and I've heard John Stewart was asked this question and he said, Nicks too. So I'm not gonna not say Nicks. Alright. But I also feel like I, I really think, like, at the end of the day, if I knew that I had the choice, I would give it to the Knicks because I knew at least I had the choice. Yeah. In this weird, This weird, this Weird hypothetical Real situation. It means a lot to a lot of people too. No, it's like, it's, you're, you're, it's Like I don Yeah. The Nick's winning a champion.


Like it's so, it's still a little bit like, it seems a little bit like, oh my God, I can't imagine that. But yeah, we're just starting to feel like it, but then always something happens where Yeah. You know. Yeah. I mean, I mean Cleveland was there for forever too, so I get it. Cleveland is having an incredible Year. Oh, I'm fired up. Yeah, we're just talking about it. Jason's kind of like here Right now with basketball. Yeah. And I'm just like, dude just wants To catch, he keeps telling me I gotta back. And Donovan Mitchell is a New York guy too. Yeah. And he's just incredible Stu But yeah, so, and they, they've got a great thing going on. So we kind of got on the basketball kick. I gotta talk about one of my favorite scenes that you directed in cable guy with Jim Carrey, him coming into the gym.


The basketball, yeah, the basketball scene with him coming into the gym. I want, I, I don't know If you understand, you had everybody trying to jump off of their friend's back to Dunk the basketball. And I, I just remember it never worked. It's not like in the movie he was like a trampoline. Like, I was like, oh my gosh, if I could do that. Like I was, I told you I was a little bit heavier. Right. I was always like twice the size of all my friends and I was like, dude, just get on all fours. I'm gonna jump off your Back. Yeah. It really, it really makes no sense at all that, that move. Yeah. But it was so funny. I remember we, I don't, we had, well we were like, you know, like Jim, we wanted to come up with like, some insane set piece where Jim would just be, you know, the, the, just the biggest kind of asshole guy who comes in to play a pickup basketball game.


Yeah. And Jack Black, I guess is like, he's like, he runs up on Jack Black, but I remember we put like an Apple box or something next to Jack. It was very low tech. There was no like, Like We did it today. There would be like CG and it would be like it. Oh yeah. It probably, it was just a very like, kind of like simplistic way of doing where he is like on an Apple box right behind him when he jumps up. But then Yeah. And then he shatters the backboard. Oh my. I remember that. Oh gosh. But we had such a good time making that movie and Matthew Broder is so funny in it and Yeah. Yeah. And Jim is just insane. Have you ever had him on the podcast? He's So, You, he's dude, no, he's, He's so funny. I mean, he's like one of those guys who'll just do something to make you laugh and then he'll just keep doing it until you stop laughing.


You know? It was fun to just be working with him at that moment where he was just sort of like willing to like take, you know, any chance and just do whatever, you know, he thought could be funny. And we were just having a great time together. Hell yeah. We kind of touched on it before in terms of writing for, for yourself or for guys that kind of just have like those instincts of like improv, how much of it is hard as a director to control that? To try and keep, keep the script, the script, you know? Yeah. How much, like how much do you juggle with that as a Director? I did a movie once, mystery Men and Dude, Are you kidding? Oh, I just did a yeah, just one time about that movie.


It was not a, it was not a blow at the time. Yeah. But one of the actors was not as into improv and a lot of the other actors were, and we were kind of figuring it as we went along. And that ended up sometimes being a thing. Oh, Okay. Gotcha. Yeah. Where that actor would want to just like, Hey, can we just, can We just do planned? And By the way, a great actor just, it wasn't his process as much, so You'd be surprised. You do what on the football field too? Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. This is a king improv. All improv. Does The coach get mad or not? Oh yeah, Sometimes you get that, you get that look, he gives you the eyebrow look, But Then he gets happy sometimes. Never do that again. When it Works, when It works, he's happy when it works. Right. I'll come to the side On The side.


Oh yeah. Don't ever do that again. Travis. Got it. He's got a good commercial career going too. Yes, he does. He he has a Hollywood guy right there. You know what I mean? He gets it. He gets the entertainment aspect of it. N sure. Yeah. Nugg man. No, he's killing it. Speaking of Severance, it is time that we put this disclaimer out. All right. Okay. We're at the point of the show where we're gonna talk about Severance folks. We're going to do it in a segment called We gotta Ask, you don't have to answer. Okay. Which I think there's gonna be a lot of these you probably aren't gonna answer. Basically we're gonna ask you a bunch of questions You tell us to whether what you think of it. Okay. You can tell us the fuck off. Whatever you want. Okay. And since you've been a great guest, we're gonna to this section while having our very own waffle party. Oh yeah.


So Waffle Party, the Inspiration behind the Waffle Party. This is a Dan Erickson who wrote the pilot and is the creator of the show. And we've been working on it together over the years. He has a brilliant mind and waffle party being some, I don't know where that came from in his mind as the, you know, the celebration, reward when you, the reward when you get to a certain point. It's not a pizza party, it's a waffle party. He might be a little Raspberry for A long time in season one. You know, we didn't know what, what the Waffle Party actually was. Eventually we defined it in the like, I guess like the second to last episode. But it was fun to think about like, what is a waffle party? What's the metaphor? What is the, you know? Yeah.


What for sure. What does that mean? What does it mean? Well, I mean I think it's more than just waffles. Yeah. Is what I, I feel. Okay. It's like what would be the best reward you could have if you're working in this place every day and you don't get to leave and you know, you're a human being. And so somewhat party aspect. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I love it. I'm about to start having waffle parties all the time now. Wow. Alright. With no underlining. Great. Wow. It was just so funny 'cause it felt like childlike. Yes. A waffle Party. Yeah. And these are grown adults who are subjected to, in some ways slave labor as anys. Well, they're kind of like kids because they've only had consciousness for a short amount of time.


Right. And they don't have really have any freedom and they're told Yeah. A waffle party's like the best thing. This Is it. These are good though. I'm just gonna butter it up just a little bit. Are Waffles on your training camp menu? I'll tell you what, there was A awful house training camp next to Lehigh Valley where we had training camp back when it was remote. That was our Chick-fil-A. That's where we would go. Now, a lot of the shots in s we're talking about symmetry. That's, I mean, the opening episode, everything is just so, like, I just feel like it was so thought out in the colors that you chose the building. Blows my mind. Yeah.


Is that a real, how much was? It was of, of, it was like a studio set and how much of it was like an actual building that you guys found because the inside of that building was so big. The shots Yeah. Seemed so massive and it seemed so epic. Yeah. It's very, that that building is a real building. It's, and it is huge. It even is bigger in real life when you go there than it feels on, I think when you see it on the show because it's, it's just Ceilings are so freaking Tall. It's in New Jersey, it's in Homedale, New Jersey. And it's, it was, it's now like, kind of like an office complex in a mall, but it used to be the head of Bell with the, the headquarters of Bell Labs. Okay. And they, they developed a transistor chip there, I think in the sixties.


So it's pretty, that's why the water tower there has that interesting shape where it kind of looks like a transistor. Yeah. And when we found it, Jessica Lee, who's our cinematographer, we were Googling stuff and she found this place and we looked at it from above and it looked like this giant sort of like, almost like an egg shape with this, or the building was there. And then the, the parking lot was like an egg shape bubble around it. And we're like, this is so crazy, this view and this shape. And then we went there and it was just gigantic and kind of empty. So, and nobody had filmed anything there. That was the, that's so when you're making movies never seen, and you find a location, you get so excited when you find a really cool location that nobody's ever filmed at because you don't want to have something that's been in another movie.


Yeah. Yeah. And so when we found that, that was the first thing we found. And then we designed the sets and all the interiors and everything are on sound stages that we shot up in the Bronx. But, but that was like the design sort of the first sort of inspiration for the rest of the show. Yeah. And yeah, it was, it was a, a guy named Aero Sarin who's an architect in the fifties who made that building. Did you always imagine the, the characters having that fun kind of comedy banter or like, 'cause it's such a, it's a very serious show, or at least it feels very like No, you're right though. Like in the, the, when I read the script that Dan wrote, it was a pilot. He wrote a spec pilot on his own that he brought to our company. When I read that banter, it, it reminded me of shows I love, like The Office or Parks and Rec, this back and forth thing that they had.


And what was so fascinating to me was, oh, these guys are like doing this kind of funny office humor, but yet they don't know who they are, why they're there, what they're Doing. It's so good. Yeah. Yeah. They don't know anything. It's like, so that's like this weird sort of Twilight Zone aspect to it. And it's very surreal and kind of abstract in a way of like, well what, what is going on here? So that humor and that office workplace thing has actually, for me, always been sort of the core of what the show is. And then it's definitely developed into Oh yeah. Into what it is. That's awesome. Are you surprised by the fan base? The show has built up, sorry, I do not wanna take away from the waffles. Yeah, no. That raspberry butter whatever. Sweet delicious strawberry butter.


I Haven't had a waffle in, I think since we shot the Waffle Party. I was about to say. Yeah. You had to jump in there and leave. When we shot the Waffle Party, we had these waffles And I was like, I gotta have A taste in one of those waffle waffles. And that was like three years ago. Whole time sake. Yeah. It's crazy because we were off the, the air for three years. Oh, I Remember. Yeah. And It was incredibly infuriating as a fan of the show. Well, I appreciate that you were a fan from the first season. 'cause a lot of people didn't discover it until now. I told so many people, have you guys seen this show on Apple tv? Sever? Like, it was like all I could think about. Thanks. And you did a great job of leaving on that cliffhanger with Mark at the birthing cabin. Or He is, he is at De and Rick. He is like, she's alive. Yeah, That's right. And the, and I'm like, when is this next episode gonna come out?


When it's the Next season? I know, I know, I know. When We got hit with the, the, the strike, there was a writer and actors strike. And it took us a little bit while a, a while to kind of like regroup after that. And the show, which I think we shot for 186 days on season two. Yes. There's a lot of shooting and editing and editing Takes a while. But thank goodness that the audience was like, was there when we came back on. And I mean, it almost Built the suspense up even more. Yeah. Because everybody just kept talking about it and, But Yeah. Yeah. And the challenge was just to get people who hadn't seen the show to watch the first season. So Apple did a really good job, I think, of getting the word out. And we, you know, did as much press as we could. But also three years later, apple TV Plus is actually a different, it's a different situation there now because they have more viewers too.


'cause when we started out, we were one of the first shows. That's A good point. You know, I didn't even think about that. That's pretty cool. Talking about kind of doing some promo for, it was the, the art museum set up, was it even at an art museum? It was like a popup like office Oh yeah. Set up. Oh yeah. Was that like the weirdest promo you've ever done for a show? Yeah. For A movie. That was really crazy. We, we set up the office cubicle in a glass cube in Grand Central Station. That's Where it was. Yeah. Grand Central Station. And it was an idea that, that they had, and Adam Scott said, well if the actors, the real actors can go in there and do it. And the fact that they were willing to go in there. So Cool. And I said they have to do it for like, at least three hours. 'cause like, it just has to be enough time that people can be walking by and just go, what's that? Yeah. Oh my God.


People going home from work. Like, wait a minute, what? Like, people who knew the show, people who didn't know the show. And Of course people started filming with their phones and stuff and it became, it did become a viral thing. And that I think ended up probably getting more attention than if we had just done a premier press run or something. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. So cool. Because it was so organic and it was so much fun to watch them just in this cube. 'cause the actors just started improvising and doing stuff. I was Gonna say, was there a script? What were they, were they even told to talk about? Or even could they even be heard? They couldn't be heard. So they knew that. So they had that freedom and they knew that they were gonna be in character. So they were actually doing, you know, Dylan and Mark. Yes. And, and Patricia came in as Ms. Cobell and she started throwing stuff at Adam and made him stand in the corner.


And there was just like, so many funny moments, but I knew as actors, I knew they were just gonna sort of fall into it because it's like what you do. Yeah. So like, it's like, for them it's like, okay, this is like a performance art piece. And, and they had so much fun with it. And I was just like watching, taking pictures and yeah, it was, it was awesome. What's It like directing something as complicated in some ways meticulous as Severance? I mean, it, it just becomes, you know, I've been directing for like, a lot, for most of my life, I guess. Yeah. And I love it so much. It's such a collaborative experience. You're working with cinematographers, you know, the production designer, costume designer, actors, editor, all these people.


It's a, it's a group effort. And I, I, I just, I love the process, what we were talking about earlier. So for something like this, when you have everybody who's sort of like, focused on this vision that Dan laid out in his script, everybody's working sort of like towards the same goal. And, and you want to get people to just be as creative as possible and work with people who you want to bring as much of their own personal sort of inspiration to it. Sure. So I think that's like a big part of it. And then it's become, it's basically been my full-time job for the last five years. And I've loved it. It's just, you go to work every day, you know, and you have your, you know, whatever scene you're gonna approach. I think acting is, is harder, honestly.


You know, when you have to get in front of a camera and like show up in the morning and do an emotional scene where you're gonna break down crying in your car or whatever it is that's, you know, that's Challenging. Heck Yeah. As a director, you can come set up the camera, try to help the actor as much as possible, create an environment, but they have to do that thing. And so for me, using that part of my brain as a director, I really enjoy. Yeah. Because in a way I feel like, you know, every day I kind of know what I'm, I'm I'm gonna be doing acting stresses me out a little more. 'cause you know, it's like, oh shit, I have that scene today where I have to pull that up and that Sure. And I really admire it made me, it is made me admire actors so much more as a director just working with them, you know, because I, I just see when you're doing both.


'cause a lot of over the years I did it, I acted and directed in, in a lot of movies I made. When you're really just directing, I think you can just focus on what you're doing, be there for the other actors more and be connected to the crew and sort of adjust things. And I, I, I love the process of it. And by the way, I just have to say we have other great directors, Jessica Lee Guney, our cinematographer directed the, our episode seven that just came Out. There's so many cool shots in this. Like, I'm just blown away by some of this. We have amazing people working on the show and come Back to Harmony Bel Yeah. Patricia Shark. That was, oh my gosh, that was, I, I don't even know if anybody saw that portion of it coming. 'cause there wasn't a lot of hints to that. I like Oh, to her going back to Elastic. Yeah. To, to, yeah. Yeah. I don't know what we, But yeah.


Yeah. What is, I don't know. I like more questions now than there were before. Exactly. But that's how, that's kind of the fun of, and I can only imagine how fun that is trying to keep that question in the air. Like the underlying meaning of everything and the theories. Have you heard of any like, fan theories that you're like, Ooh, that's a good one. Didn't even think of that. Yeah, there are, there's so many on the show. Yeah. People and people put out, there's so much fan art and fan edits and, and and theorizing and podcasts about it that I don't, I try not to get into it. I Consume a lot of that. Yeah. Yeah. I try, I try not to because we have to focus on what we want it to be. But Of course you hear ideas that are like really interesting. Yeah. Yeah. And you go, oh yeah, that could actually be something. Yeah. But you don't want it to really influence like what we're doing.


But yet you are aware of the audience. You want the audience to enjoy the show. But everybody seems to have a different way into the show too, and different things that they, they love the Mark Kelly relationship. They love the Mark Gem relationship. They love Ms. Cabbel or milkshake, you know? Yes. So it, it, what's interesting is you make the show, we made the season. We've, we basically locked the season finished in I'd say like September, October. And I was doing some mixing and visual effects stuff through the fall, but it's done. So, you know, as you're watching people react in real time. It's not like, you know, like, oh, you're watching a sports team where you go, you know, they really should have this guy play that position or Yeah. You can't make any changes. It's all, it's all Set in stone. It's Done. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm watching people react and they go, oh, this episode was the best episode, or I really didn't like that episode, or I wonder what's gonna happen, you know, or they should do this or that.


I'm like, well, it's just, it is what it's gonna Be. Yeah. Next week is gonna come out. You're Gonna find out. I mean, that has been something like, especially you, you go knee deep in the theories each week. Yeah. And it's fun to watch, oh, well that didn't end up panning out. Now we're onto the next theory. Right? Yeah. And, and So we know what it is and like what we've done for the season and I'm just watching in real time because it's not binge show too. It's coming out week, week to week. So that's very different too, as opposed to, you know, if you're watching something where you can watch every single episode Yeah. People can then go like, oh, that frustrated me. I'm gonna watch the ne next episode and I get the answer I wanted. But here you get people for like a whole week going like, oh, you know, that's is gonna go this way. Is it gonna go that way? Or that frustrated me.


So it plays out differently than I think once the show's out in a couple weeks, then people will be able to binge the whole thing. And that'll be a different experience for them watching it too. Yeah. I have two people, three people who I show the show to when we're in process, which is my wife, my son, and my daughter. Nice. So they get the family. Yeah. So they, they have all the answers. Well, they see It as like, I'll show them a rough cut. Oh, Brian too, Brian. I showed, right. Yeah. And so I'll get feedback from them, but you can't show ev everybody the whole series. So you can only pick a few people who you go. Okay. Do you wanna watch cuts as we go along? Yeah. Oh, awesome. That's be exciting. Yeah. Talking about some characters, Adam Scott. Yes. Absolutely. Kills It. He's amazing.


Was He always kind of the first choice? I don't wanna Yeah. Bring that like, he was always the first choice for you, or He was always the first choice for me from the second I read the, the pilot script that Dan gave me. And, and I think Dan had been thinking about him too. And I reached out to him immediately and then Apple had some other ideas about, about, about casting it. And I was very firm. Like I really felt Adam was the guy, and Adam luckily stuck with it and stuck through with me and, and ended up doing it. Yeah. And I'm so happy 'cause I again, for that same reason of like the office workplace comedy vibe that he brings, but I also know he has this deeper thing underneath.


Oh yeah. And to watch him really embrace that over the course of making the show and even just the way he approached playing Audi Mark and in Mark his voice, his physicality, it's all so different, you know? And he, he really works so hard to do that. And he is also like this crazy like robot actor guy who can do anything like he, and I mean that in a good way. 'cause I guess you say robot actor. No. But like, he is so specific and so precision in terms of being able to make an adjustment. Yeah. You know, like he can make an adjustment that's sort of just like a, you know, a thing where like, you know, If you could just like lean a little to the right, 'cause the camera sees this behind you and still do the moment, or, you know, just, he's, he's amazing. Well, yeah.


That's Awesome. All of the actors are fantastic. Yeah. And John Ro and Irv Yeah. Never worked with him before and he's just an intense great guy. This The outdoor episode. Oh yeah, the Catskills. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That moment with he. Yeah. And speaking of like, even Heli and Helena Yeah. The facial expression change. No, Brit this year, like, Oh my gosh. Yeah. This year Brit having to play Helena and Heli. Yeah. And again, the same thing Adam has been doing, but these actors are thinking about the characters so deeply that they, they always come in with so many great ideas and I, I really listen to them even in, in just on, on story level, you know, just tone everything.


They, they, they understand it so well. So, you know, we'll be talking about an idea for a scene and Adam will say like, You know, I don't know if that really feels like Severance to me. You know? Yeah. And it's hard to define it sometimes, but it's that kind of thing also when you're trying to push the boundary a little bit and take some chances like we've done in season two. Yeah. You know, you're trying to define like, okay, does this still feel like the show? And I think when you trust your actors and you know, that they have a sense of, of who they are in the show. Yeah. You know, I, I really rely on that a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, let's ask the biggest question, maybe would you get severed? Would I get severed you Have potentially more information for where this goes than we do? I personally Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The idea of it does not seem like a great idea. No.


It's a lot of control you're giving out. Yeah. I feel like, you know. Yeah. So for me it's no, because like, I want to rem I wanna experience my life Yeah. The life that I have left live Right. Because like, we're here for not so long. Like, I want to feel it all. Yeah. I feel like there's so many metaphors for Severance in life though, right. In terms of how we suppress or cut off, you know? Yeah, yeah. Alize things. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And I feel like, you know, people do that in all different sorts of ways and I, You know, I probably do that in my life in a lot of different ways. I, I had a great text from a really good buddy of mine who played in the NFL, also served the United States Army. He said, you won't accomplish anything worth having in life unless it was hard getting it.


And it's basically, it's kind of like, You know, I feel like Severance, a lot of the themes are like, and it seems where it's going is being severed from all of these painful, traumatic things, but you lose sight of the fact that these painful, traumatic things are part of living life and they're necessary to have. And it's, it's a undoubtedly no answer for that reason, But Yeah. Yeah. I think that's very much about what the, the show is. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like this, it's this life, I, I, you know, pain is such a, a big part of our experience. And Of course there's that duality thing of like, well, you can't have, you know, pain and, and, and, and enjoying life, you know, these things are separate. Right? Yeah. Pleasure and pain, but like, you can't have pleasure without pain.


What Is pleasure without pain. Yeah. What is it, Jason? I don't know. Please tell me. I believed you when you said that though. Is, is Cobell officially a character we're rooting for now? Or is this still a part of the people? I mean, That's the fun. Again, I think that's the fun of the show is that you have people like Milick and Cobel For sure. And, and Helena and you know, all these people that you don't quite know. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I like That she's always kind of had her own severed version of, even though she's not severed that she, you know, that she's Ms. Selvi and playing his, you know, she's kind of imagining a life as a normal person too, when she's living next door to Yeah. To Mark. Yeah. So yeah, the, the duality thing is, is a big part of the, of the, the characters.


And I think that's fun for the audience to sit in, you know? Okay. Can I ask you one more? Is, is Irv, is there more to the Irv and Burt relationship? That hasn't been, I'm assuming. Yes. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry. I don't wanna push, I don't wanna push you. I don't wanna push you. I really don't because You, when is This thing gonna Be on? It'll be on the day, the last or the week the last episode comes up. Oh Yeah. Okay. We will have answers by Wednesday. Yeah. You'll, yes. All all shall be revealed. Okay. Fair enough. Nice. Is that good? That is good. That is good. Yeah. I, because it feels, I mean the, well, I feel Like where we are now, The elevator painting with the Gemma episode all of a sudden reveals more like, oh yes, there's another floor to this that Alright, alright.


I'll stop. I'll stop. Stop. I'll stop. I it, I'll stop. Listen, I'm telling you, I'm all over the city. I can't tell you I have the spoiler thing, but I, it'd be Yeah, I have, I just had an idea, but I'll tell you about it later. Okay. Okay, perfect. I will tune in regardless. Okay, Good. Yeah. Are we gonna have to wait for a three years for season three to come out, or No? No, the plan is not, definitely not. Let's go. Yeah. No, the plan is not, and hopefully we'll be announcing what the plan is very soon. That will not be that. All Right. Well, I'll be at Grand Central Station for it. Let's go sit in a cube together and see what happens. Don't you threaten me with a good time. You're just gonna have a court side at the, at the next game.


Just as, by The way, I went to a Nick's game with Taylor. She was there like, this was like 10 years ago. And I was there with my son and she literally, we FaceTimed my daughter who's a huge Swifty Oh. The time Who's, she's 23 now. And we had the best time. She was incredible. Oh yeah. I appreciate that. I, I think the same thing. So it's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe we can get Taylor to another Knick game. Yeah. Well this is the time. You should definitely come though If you want to. I mean, I can hook that up. Say no, say no more. Say no more. You're the man. I'm sure you need help getting, I mean, I mean, it's always a little smoother. You Get, you wanna do that? Alright, well let's do it. Come on for, alright. I'm in, dude. Okay, dude. Thank you so much. Coming. Thanks man.


Great Talking to you guys, bro. I am. This is a dream come true, man. Dude, you've been one of the idols of everyone from the nineties growing up and, and all the amazing movies you did. But now it's just so cool to, you know, see that you're every bit of a great dude as you are a Great actor and director, man. Thanks man. Well, it's fun for us. You know, I like talking like I was talking like the Sandler like we were working on Oh yeah. Happy Gilmore. And you know, it's crazy man. It's a kick because like you guys, like when you were kids watching this stuff and that it resonated and, and we enjoy watching you guys do your thing. Heck yeah. Super Cool. I can't wait to see what how's got in store for us. Have you go more little. It's a little insane. Have you more too Again. Yeah. It's insane. Ha ha. I can't wait, dude. Well, thanks again, brother, man. Thanks Ben.


Yeah, great talking to you. Great talking To you. And thanks For the waffles. Nice, Great waffle Party. My first one. Look forward to that. Next time we'll have a cantaloupe with your face on it. Okay. Exactly. Some watermelon. Yeah.


Long lived dogs. Yeah. Yeah. That's what they say over at the Farmer's dog because they want all dogs to live a long, healthy life. Why should Highly processed food be the standard for dogs? Dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. What? Yeah. The farmer's dog helps your dog reach and maintain healthy weight with a personalized meal plan of freshly made food. That's right. They calculate your dog's ideal Daily calories based off their unique nutritional needs in the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time The farmer's dog isn't fancy. It's simply real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's what we call a win-win. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you will get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on their car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check you took the gas pump out before driving away. I feel Like sometimes I don't, Dude, I just kind of like, dude, I can. That's why you went electric. It's 'cause you kept doing that. Like, You know, to check you have your keys before getting in The car, like, you know, to check the tickets were downloaded before you lost reception at the venue. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's a tough one that's for sure. Happened. Like, you know how to check the finale of your favorite show is being recorded. Yeah. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with ALL STATE. Okay. Savings vary subject to terms and conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook Illinois.


Alrighty. Thank you to our partner DraftKings Hoops fans the most exciting month in college basketball this year with underdogs ready to fight their way to the top and establish teams defending their title, this is the time to lock in your picks at DRAFT KINGS. Right now they're offering all new customers $200 in bonus bets instantly after betting just $5. Download the DraftKings app now. Sign up using promo code new Heights and bet the unexpected the crown is yours. Stay in on the action and use your $200 and bonus bets on DraftKings same game parlays for a shot at an even bigger payout. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. Love the thrill of live betting DraftKings as you covered bet. Live on in progress games right as they happen. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the Draftking Sports book app now. New customers use promo code new Heights and bet just $5 on any wager and get 200 bucks and bonus bets instantly. That's promo code New Heights only at Draftking Sportsbook GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets Expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Yeah. Thanks for stopping by Ben Stiller. How about that? Man? What a guy, man. There's just some people that it's just, it's fun as hell to talk to and the whole time you're talking to 'em, you're like, I can't believe I'm talking to fucking Yeah, Ben. It's amazing, dude. I love how you brought up Mystery Men right at the end there. I I forgot all about that movie. I even told him I like, I forgot you did that. Like, but that was a funny movie I enjoyed. That one was actually on, it's on cable TV a lot more than, than you would expect. I really, I'll, I'll just be searching the guide on like a, a cable network and I'll come across Mystery Men every now and then. It just fucking press press. I'll just click on it. You Know, what was, this isn't a Ben Stiller movie, but I, whenever I think of like the superhero movies, the ones that are like off the Beaten trail, like, it's like clearly they were like kind of poking fun at the superhero movies.


What's the one? Is it Mr. Blank Man? What's the one with Doug? Do you know what I'm talking about? That's my favorite superhero movie of all time. I'm sorry To like of Yeah, the Waynes brother dude. Yeah. I'm Sorry to segue out of Blank Man was fucking hilarious. Dude. That movie is fucking amazing. Now. That's one, that's one I'd have to rewatch. I know We're on Ben Steeler. I know we're on Ben Steeler. No, I'd have to, I'd have to rewatch blank man. I haven't seen that one in fucking forever. What's Blank Man on Rotten Tomatoes. Oh, it's gotta be through the roof. 12% critic review. I'm, it's only funny because I didn't expect it to have a high like Rotten Tomato review, but still a classic.


I don't care what the critics say. That movie's fucking great. Undeniable classic. Anyways. Mystery Men. Great movie Ben Steeler's the best.


All right, let's get in some March Madness. The March Madness brackets brought to you by Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Woo. That's a Kelsey favorite right there. I definitely did get my Reese's Backpacks and my Reese's Varsity jacket. I am not in Kansas City though Right now. I really like the, the, the seasonal Reese's Cups that are the egg version. The white. Yeah. Oh, I don't like white chocolate. These. Oh no, these, There they are. There they are. Yeah. Any of the, they're a little bit thicker. A little bit more protein. A little more peanut butter to chocolate ratio If you tried these. Have you tried these? The Sprinkles? I have not. I haven't. I didn't see that one in there. Ooh, I gotta try that one out. All Right. If there was a bracket of Reese's, Jason, what's in your final four? Final four of Reese's. Everybody keeps saying like, why do they say Reese's? That's like, I don't know guys. That's why we, that's how we fucking say it. I don't know what y'all say. This is how I've always said it. Everybody knows what we're talking about. So can we stop like acting like it's that big of a deal? Yes. Just 'cause we have an Accent. Reese's that I'm saying it Encourag. I'm not sorry. I'm not sorry at all. Obviously original Reese's Peanut Butter Cups has to be in it. Yeah, I think they're the number one and they win it. I Don't think they win at Reese's Pieces or as we would call it, Reese's PCs. The Reese's PCs. Reese's so good. Reese Do not sleep on Reese's. P I like Reese's PCs better. I love Reese's Pieces. I like Reese's PCs. Didn't like ice cream and shit. I can't just do 'em just straight up. You're Fucking outta your mind. Go eat some Reese's PCs. You'll fucking be able to I know exact. I know exactly. I'm in my mind and my mind is telling me that's not how I want to enjoy my, my Reese's Pieces. I mean it's great as an additive as well, but it's also great on its own. They're fantastic. Reese's PCs Fast break. Are you putting that up there? No, No. Take five. It's take five of Reese's I Think it is, right? Yeah, But I was just not up there. Take Five is great. You guys are outta your mind If you're not putting Take five. I'm not saying I'm It's not. It's not a Reese's Product. I Think it got switched. I think Reese's bought it. Yeah, Reese's bought bought it re But it's not a Reese's Think it five now, But yeah, now but that's just because they own the market. It Literally says Reese's take five. Yeah, I'm putting Reese's take five in my top four. 'cause the take five is fantastic. You're outta your mind If you don't have it up there. You put Reese's. Alright so Reese's take five. You're right, you're correct. I'm just going off what the nice people at Reese's sent me as a document. God dammit. Jesus today. I know my Reese's. I know my Reese's. Have you said eggs yet? Have you said eggs yet? Not yet. That's gonna be my fourth question. It's all right. All right. I was gonna say Reese's eggs not like the a actual egg. I'm talking about like the, see this is Where you're Reese's Cup, but It's like the one, the one thing you ate the most of Reese's was Reese's Puffs. So you have to put Ooh, Reese's Puffs. I wasn't in there. Yeah, you ate you. That was the only cereal you ate, Jason. No, you're right. I did not. In my brain, I did not equate Reese's peanut butter puffs as the candy bracket. But I think you are right. We Didn't say it was a candy Bracket. You're right. We said it's a Reese's bracket, so I think you're right. Alright, so I got Reese's original Reese's peas take five and Reese's Peanut butter puffs. Dang. But I like the specialty holiday. Reese's The egg is, is nostalgic and it's the best. The Egg or the Christmas tree, any of that stuff where it's like a new, because it becomes a little bit thicker and I just like the ratio better, but I can't take out the original and I'm definitely not taking out, I guess I'll take out take five. Gosh, I like to take five though. Back to basketball. March Madness is coming up. And man us sports fans, we love filling out these brackets baby. Yeah. And as we said last week, we're doing it for the first time ever. New Heights bracket challenge. That's right. And it is brought to you by Reese's or Reese's. Reese's for those who wanna fucking get mad at us. The men's bracket deadline is this Thursday, March 20th at noon eastern. And the women's bracket deadline is Friday, March 21st at 1130 Eastern. I don't know why we didn't just make 'em both the same time on two different days, but fill those fuckers out. Yeah. Have some fun ladies and gents. I think we've limited it to one person per bracket or one bracket per person. So it's, this isn't just a, you fill out a hundred brackets and Yeah, I improve your odds. Yeah, yeah. Improve the odds. Yeah. Just put in fucking one bracket guys, don't be weirdos. Jason, have you filled out your bracket yet? I have Not yet. Good. Well you have till Thursday. Yeah, I got time. But I would like to go over it. Do we have a bracket? Yeah, we got some brackets. How do you make your picks since you don't watch any college basketball? Well, as you know, playoffs always come down to the same things. Like it's all, you know, taking care of the, the basketball, you gotta like, you know, how well do you, do you operate end of game situation, two minute drill. Like this is what it comes down to in playoff basketball. So you're go, you're going turnover margin. I go physicality, Toughness, height and weight. Physicality, Toughness. You look at the height, you look at the height of the roster. Like I already know where's Michigan State at? Where's Michigan State? I'm putting them all the way through to the Final four. I don't even need to see where they're at. I don't even need to see, I know because I know Tom Isso is gonna have those guys playing hard and physical. I saw that they aren't the best three point shooting team, so I was like, they're in 'cause every, all, all college basketball wants now is to fucking shoot these three pointers and to Tommy is gonna come. They're gonna be undercutting their legs. Like, dude, you know how you stop at three point shooting team, you file the fuck out of them on that first report. Let yeah, give 'em a couple free throws. It's gonna throw off the rhythm and it's gonna make them nervous every time you come out there. Right. It's a good, yeah, it's a good, yeah, You gotta make these guys paid. You Used to impose your will people you gotta impose your will on finesse players. This is true, Don. Don't let these small shooting guards beat you in the tournament out physical. The fuck outta these dudes. Jason, you're the, you're the three point equivalent to an offensive lineman though. Yeah. That's what you might think. I'm not though. I am the, I am the undersized center. I'm the Dennis Rodman of offensive line football. That's right. I'm the, I'm the Draymond Green of Offensive Line. Ooh, nice. Michigan State. Yeah, that's right. I'm not the biggest guy. Michigan State. I'm a fucking, I'm gonna men, I'm gonna get in a mental, That's gold. Nice. I Like That capacity and I'm gonna impose my will on you in a weird way. Jamon Green. Who Else we Got? We got a bunch. We Got, alright, so this is the East. East, okay. So obviously Duke. Yeah. I mean, Well you got the four playing games too, so can't, can't forget about those. Yeah. I never, I never worry about the playing games. If you, If you gotta make it into the tournament on a play game, I'm not interested. Go back up Brandon. You know, it's, go back up. We're we start in the east, it's The do you got coming out east are like 11 seeds. They're like, I'm out, I'm Out. The worst seeds, If you gotta be a play in, you're out. I'm not talking to you. There shouldn't even be playin games. All of the play-in get eliminated in my bracket. Round one after they get in. Well, Texas and Xavier might have something to say about that. Dam it Texas is in there. I like Texas a lot. Fuck. Well, rules are rules. Rules are rules. I don't make 'em, they just are what they are. Texas is out in round one. All right, nice. So we got Duke against American.


Doesn't even have a logo in there. It's just a ncaa This is a playing game. That's why there's a playing game, Jason. All right. I don't even need to see who they're playing in Duke's. Advancing. All right. It's all mashups. I gonna, I'm gonna have to fill out a bracket and figure it out, but I will make sure that you guys know I'm a big fan of the SEC games or SEC teams. We're Doing it Right now, Travis. No, We're not. That's what this is. No, this is us just kind of going over our bracket from here. I, I'm telling you who I like in these. I'm not gonna tell you exactly who I having coming out though. Okay, Fine. Alright. I'm not gonna let you fucking just copy my bracket, Jason. 'cause you know nothing. It's good. I don't want to copy your bracket. I'm not, I I know more about mentality and physicality and that's all that comes down.


Basketball is all about physicality. Whoa. Just Physicality. Florida is one of the most, is one of the biggest teams. All right. In Terms of, I we're picking Florida. Floridas making out The worst. Yeah, Florida's back. The Gators are back. We got Memphis, Colorado State. Memphis is solid. I I think the TURPs. Ooh, Maryland. So this is the West has one of my favorite teams in the NCAA Right now. And that's Drake. Drake. Drake University. Yeah. Drake is, where's Drake? They have a fun story. Their, their coach is, and really four or at least four of their players are from division two. I Think it was Northwest Missouri. Oh, I have heard. Good story. Yeah. I noticed Northwest Missouri State, The coach, the coach brought 'em all with them.


Yeah. They, they had a lot of transfers when the Drake coach from last year went to West Virginia. A lot of the players that were on that team kind of went on their own or did their own thing. And then the new head coach was looking for players to, to bring in, so he brought in his D two guys and a couple guys from Wyoming. They got some guys that could play. Although I think Missouri is a really good team. That's gonna be a tough game for 'em. I mean, I got a lot of, that's like my Cinderella team Year that Sure. You're Yeah. They're also older, right? I'm, I'm root for them. They're Also older for a lot of the better teams in ncaa. Is that correct? Yeah. Yeah. And then on top, Go age Watching Texas Tech. I know Patty Mahomes is gonna love hearing this if they can stay healthy and they, if they can.


I think they got a fucking great coach. They got great players. A lot of athletes. They can make a run at it. What About them Jayhawks down there? They're usually pretty good. Yeah. Hunter Dickinson, I think, you know, Kansas Bill self, they're always gonna be a team that you gotta, you gotta account for man. They could, they can, they could pull it together and make a run against anybody. So you gotta keep them in mind. Illinois, Kentucky versus Troy, UCLA, Utah State, Tennessee. Wooed. Wooer. Yeah. Dude, you'd love this. Wooed has a guy that shoots the ball, shoots free, throws under hand. No way. I knew you were gonna love this. I mean, I love that. But for that alone, I'm picking Tennessee, they're getting too cr They're being too, they're going against the trend.


Too hard for me to go with them. They've gone, they're, they're a little bit too gimmicky. Gotta pick Tennessee in that matchup. Ah, man. You're hilarious dude. Texas a and vers Yale. Listen, as a rule, I, I might almost fill out my bracket based on GPA. If a team has a higher GPA I'm picking them to lose. And I might do that all the way through to the championship Game. Jason, we know that GPA don't reflect actual intelligence. Oh No, I Think it, I think GPA reflect athleticism and typically speaking you, it takes Listen, if you're too smart, you're, you're too hesitant to do stupid things.


And you have to be willing to do stupid things. You have to be willing, you gotta be, you gotta be willing to take a risk and take a chance and do something. Like you gotta be stupid enough. Believe that guy's doing that. There's no way that guy's stupid Enough to Believe. There's no way that guy's gonna try that move. Oh my God, that shit just worked. What the fuck? And that's, I mean, that's how I got through the NFL. So, yeah. Well I'm picking Texas a and m versus them silver spoon fucks at Yale. That was so Uncom. What is Yale's, what is, what is their mascot? Is it just like a pencil? The Yale? I think So. The Yale 2%.


The, the Yale Bears. I think it's a bulldog. What is the Yale? It's a Bulldog. Bulldog Handsome Dan. That's a Georgia handsome Dan. All right. Texas a m. That's enough shit on Yale. All right. Texas a and m. What's Sun called? Hey, they're gonna be just fine. I think those Yale people are gonna be just fine. Yeah. Oh, okay. Ole Miss Iowa State. Lipscomb. I'm gonna go with Iowa State. Lipscomb baby. Lipscomb, Iowa. Iowa State is sneaky. They be, they're the ones that kick the Bearcats out of the big 12 turn. I Tell you what, I always fill up my bracket based on what school I think would win in a fight. Like if I think Iowa State would beat Lipscomb, I'm gonna go Iowa State In a fight.


Yeah. I just think at the end of the day, the like mentality of the university rubs off on the mentality of the team a lot of the times. And I just like the mentality approach. 'cause I don't know shit about basketball. So that's my only thing. I can go off of Marquette versus New Mexico. New Mexico is, that's a tough one. 'cause New Mexico is probably pretty squirrely. Strikes me as a squirrely group. Marquette strikes me as Marquette's got one of the best basketball players in the country. Marquette strikes me as a little bit of the silver spoon ness. Where's Marquette at? What's, what's Chicago? I believe Chicago. No, no, no. Is it, it's outside of Chicago, right?


Wisconsin. There. It's Wisconsin. It's Close. Wisconsin. It's Close. It's close. I don't know why I said Chicago. All right. I kind of, I respect Marquette if they're outta Wisconsin. One of our favorite actors ever went to Marquette, played rugby there. Denzel Washington.


Oh God. What? No, the answer is Chris Farley went, oh Shit. I should have known that one. I should have known that one. It was, now I gotta know where Denzel go. Where? I don't think he Played rugby though. I'm pretty sure, Man. Denzel went to Fordham. Fordham Fordham. Fordham is Patriot league. Ah, man. That's fucking, I almost went to Fordham. Hilarious. I know. This is so fucking funny. Ah, plays a hooper at Fordham. He was a hooper. He didn't play rugby.


He was a hooper. He's a Basketball player. I don't, that pinky says he played football. Yeah, you, you've seen that Pinky. Wait, so Jason, we've only talked about the men's bracket. Do you use the, the same metric system to figure out who's gonna win the women's bracket? Like do you just look at who, who would win the brawl? Oh wow. I haven't thought about it that way. No, I don't use the same metric. Women's, I just go with, I just put Yukon as the winner every single year. I don't know who they're the same anybody. I put Yukon as the winner every single year and that'll be until Gino retires. And then I just go based on overall team height, average, whoever's the taller team. Then I just fill it out that way.


You're fucking hilarious. I haven't even, I haven't peaked at the women's as much. Where's K State? I know they won the big 12. Nice. They're up there. Five seed solid. Solid five seed. We do know that Juju Watkins is at the top of, of her game. Texas is god damn. They're, yeah, they're number one seed. I think it's kind of fair to say they're the number one seeds are, I Feel like there's less upsets in the women's bracket usually than there are in like the men's bracket. Is that fair to say? I think it's fair to say, at least for the number one seeds, you don't see the number one seeds get kicked as much as you do in the men's brackets. In my extensive knowledge of both men's basketball and women's NCAA brackets, I like to make broad sweeping generalizations.


Yeah. Can't forget South Carolina, they've been at the top for quite a while now. They're kind of like the Yukon of, of the modern day. They have a lot of talent there. Year in, year out. Who's the tallest team? Women's college basketball. Jason, is this supposed to be 45 minutes? He did 45 minutes. Well, there's no single team in women's college basketball. Duke and Florida State are often set as having some of the tallest players, both teams Average. The article isn't even Six, seven and a half. While there is no definitive tallest team in women's college basketball, duke and Florida State are often cited as having some of the tallest players, both teams averaging around seven, six and seven.


Six foot seven and a half per player putting Duke and Florida State. Where are they at? Those are my top two teams in women's college basketball outside of Yukon. Where the fuck is Duke? I think there are two seed. Yeah. Duke's two seed. No, South Carolina bracket. One seed in my bracket. Okay, great. Who's your other team? Florida State. Florida State six. Dude, I, I feel really good about this. Ooh Mm. I don't know. Jason's going with height. I'm gonna pick the stars. I'm putting in The final four. I'm gonna pick the stars as well. I'm picking the stars. There's, there's like five or six real bonafide stars in that woman's bracket. I'm gonna go Ahead and and slide them on forward. They're gonna be a start till they meet that height. Let you know that Right now. Get that shot. Swatted.


No, my girl you's just gonna go over for that. Lay. Yeah, it's Gonna be just fine. Paige's gonna be just fine. No, No.


Alright. Right now that does it for March. Madis Bracket Challenge brought you by Reese's or Reese's, whatever one you wanna call it. Winning never tasted so good. Whether you're watching the games or filling out your brackets, feed your fandom with Reese's this March Madness. Hey You Again to enter, go to the link in the description of the episode, fill out your bracket and you can win a new Heights Golden Cup. Man, who knows, maybe I can fucking win one or get one one of these days and it will be filled with Reese's Peanut butter cups. Mine's filled with, mine's filled with playing cards. I think they threw in some Reese's eggs too. Who knows? Maybe you'll get some puffs, some Reese's pieces. But yeah, make sure you guys fill those brackets out. Men's bracket again, Thursday by noon. Women's bracket, Friday by 1130 all Eastern time. Yeah. Good luck to the crew, to the 92 Percenters.


That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Thank you to Ben Stiller. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube through New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. Please go check out our incredible guest episodes from last week, Matthew Stafford and Jason Sudeikis. You can also listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights are Wondery show produced by way of sports and entertainment, and brought to you by Nike when the world says you can't win. Nike says So Win. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one F for fun clips throughout the week. Ben Stiller. Thank you, dude. That was a fucking blast. Thanks to our production and crew for making us all look great, like we actually know what we're doing until the 92 Percenters.


We'll see you guys next week. Appreciate you tuning in. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Long Live Dogs, that's what they say over at the Farmer's Dog because they want all dogs to live a long, healthy life. Imagine Eating highly processed foods for every meal and expecting to stay healthy. For humans, that would just not cut it, so why should it be the standard for dogs and dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. The Farmer's dog helps your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight with personalized meal plans of freshly made food. They calculate your dog's ideal daily calories based on their unique nutritional needs, and the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time. Ooh, the Farmer's Dog isn't fancy. It's simple. Real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's what I like to call a win-win. Give 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. You get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/new Heights.