
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to NewHeights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's dog. Hey, You know what time it is, Dog time. It's time for fresh approach to dog food, and that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These Guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's Be honest, traditional pet food is super processed, and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They Handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and bow. Your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and happy. The best part, they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus, they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. It's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights.


Thank you to our partner. Boris said, You know what makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey Don't even be started on their ever roasted chicken, the craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going to extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some boar's head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy. Then mayonnaise, a healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard, but it depends on how what hot sauce you're working with Boar said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, Boar's Head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind every bite. Boars Head committed to craft since 1905.


Travis Kelsey also famously slid from character concerns. So Shado looked no further. This could be you. Major Jason Kelsey. Character concerns major fell all the way to the six major Character concerns and size concerns. What do you think about that? Jason Kelsey guy? Well, I've heard he's an asshole. He's a fucking lunatic. Loses his temper all the time, and on top of that, he's too small. Ah, let's pick him in the six round. Hey, welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment


and brought to you by Dunking Donuts. No way. What a great sponsor. They Sent me Munchkins the wonderful delight that just, it doesn't make you feel like you're eating too bad until the entire box is gone and you're like, oh shit. That was a lot of donuts I just ate. I mean, that's the trick of it, right? Just make them smaller. You gonna eat more? I'm definitely gonna go breakfast sandwich. Ooh, what you got there? Sausage, sausage, chicken and cheese. English muffin. Pretty damn good.


We're your host. I'm m Travis Guzzy, my big brother, Jason Kelsey, you outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Shout out to the calves baby. The old coliseum on Ridgefield calves swept the heat, looking to advance already. Get some rest days. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcast. And follow the show on social media at NewHeights Show with one s. Jason, let the people know what we got coming up. Oh, you're gonna wanna stay tuned. We are going to recap everything that happened in the NFL draft. Well, not everything, we're gonna cut the hotspots like usual, answer some of your no dumb questions, and we're gonna get to a great convo with the one and only Mr. Ben Aflac.


Okay, time out. Is it B Is it Ale or Aflac? It's Aflac. I believe I Always call him Ben Aflac. It's not it. You gotta say it right? I probably just said Ben Affleck as well. I mean, it's definitely ECK, but I I feel like everybody pronounces it. Ben Affleck. No, no, I don't think anybody does. I've never heard anybody call Ben Ben Affleck. Never heard that. I think I hear it every single time I hear somebody say his name. Brandon said, Ben's name Ben Affleck. You're only saying it because we just went over. That's how Ben Affleck. How fast was that? How quick on the draw was I at that Ben Affleck? That was quick. That was quick. Am I just in a, like a Black Mirror episode Right now? I feel like that the whole, there's like a whole time conundrum thing of multi universities.


I think you've been saying Aflac your entire life, but anybody that actually sees how his name is like rote and written are like spelled, they're going to say it correctly. It's like people calling us Kel our entire lives. No, this, that's where you're wrong. Before we get any of that, we're gonna get to that thing. We always get to n No news. All righty. New news is brought to you by American Express.


Let's start with some homage promo. That's right. We're gonna sell you some shit. What New news From our friends at Homage from now until May 4th, we're offering 25% off New Heights apparel. So it's the perfect time to, to treat yourself as, oh my God. What? What was the name from Parks and Rec? Tom h Haver. Haverford Haverford. You guys know what I'm talking about? Anyways, go treat yourself. Go to homage.com/ NewHeights and use promo code NewHeights 25.


All right, guest episode announcement. We're gonna be back next week with another episode 90 Percenters are going to want to see and Tune in for Oh yeah, We can say who it is that we really want to Do. We wanna say No? I think we should keep it on ice for a second. Let, should We get teasers? Let let, let's get some teasers. Ooh. All right. All right. Alright. We can't say, we can't say this person's name, gender, where they're from or where they live currently. Okay. She is somebody's mother. Travis, you can't say what gender. It's Ah, you're right. Alright. You won that one. God Dammit. Travis, our Mom is joining us. Yep.


Donna Kelsey's joining us. Alright. Couldn't keep it together. Yeah, no, we clearly could not. It's Mother's Day special. Everybody knew who was coming on. We're getting Donna Kelsey on the show. It's gonna be a fucking blast because that's what Donna is. She's an absolute blast of a human being. It's gonna be great. Haven't had Mama Kelsey on in a while, so you guys will get caught up with how Mommy's doing. Travis, You're a grown man. Stop calling. Mom, mommy, Mommy, Stop it. Nope. Stop that Right now. We're gonna keep doing it. God, I'm so comfortable with my manhood. Jason. It's not about a manhood, Travis. It's about being, I don't know, but it seems it's, it's about being not weird is what it is.


Okay. Mommy. I mean, If you say it like that when you're around her, not weird, but when you say having mommy on, that's weird. No, it's not. Daddy. Yes. Girly. Ja. Oh No, Jason, you need to correct her Right now. She either calls you dad or dad. Travis. Travis. She does not call you daddy. She does not call you daddy if she calls you daddy. That's just weird. No, Travis. She's a toddler. All right, we got our mom coming on special episode. That's it for new news. Brought to you by Merit Express. All Right. Now we've actually got some NFL news. Last week was the NFL draft and apparently everyone tuned in.


Why is the NFL draft so much better than the other drafts besides the NFL? Just being more watched, I think. What's the turnover in the NFL? I think there's like a, there's always like at least like 300 to 400 new players every single year. I don't think it's like that in any other sport. Yeah, maybe baseball. The chances of the players you're watching get picked in the NBA actually making a difference outside of like the top Yeah. You know what five picks like every year. It's like kind of a crapshoot a little bit. Is that what you're saying? I think so. And I think the, the entire Like, I don't know. That's a great question. I'm trying to like compare it to other sports, but college basketball I would assume is just as exciting as college football and you know, the, the anticipation of the greatest players in that league going to the next level.


I don't know. It's a great question. Alright, well I think this is why football is king. Yeah. Alright. And let's look at the, let's look at the Chiefs picked. Sure, yeah, let's look at it. Ground number one 32nd overall pick Josh Simmons offensive tackle out of Ohio State. 6 5 3 17. That's a big old boy right there. Big boy. How big of a boy are, So one of the guys I actually watched a little bit, I like absolutely love this guy on tape. The way he moves reminds me a lot of, some high level players. The way he bends plays with his ass low to the ground. His arms only say 33, but they, it feels like he's got much bigger length than that.


He is big, he's strong, he moves people. He's an outstanding pest blocker. This and the Eagles first round picks were two of the biggest steals in the draft. I'm not just saying that because, huh? They're both our teams. I, I really think if Josh Simmons doesn't tear his patella attendant, he's the first tackle off the board. Most likely the fact that the chiefs got him at 32 could be like unbelievable value if he comes back from the knee and injury at a boy Beach. Now we're talking about beach. We're gonna have to wait and see how this kid comes back from this injury. No, They Have to wait and if he comes back, I Think it iss, I think it's a side seal delivered. God, this guy's gonna be a hall of famer. I mean if he comes back from the knee, there is a very good chance.


This guy was very impressive. If something tells me he is already, he's already there. He's already There. Round two. Number 63. Omar Norman lot. How about it? D Tackle out of Tennessee. First defensive tackle to be selected by the chiefs in the second round since defensive tackle Chris Jones. Oh, hey you, God, I love being in the same conversations as Chris Jones saw the, I've, I've only seen highlights of these guys and absolute stud, absolute stud got revamped offensive line, defensive line with our first two to three picks. We went with Ashton, God, I don't know how to say his last name. OT. Gel Gelati.


You sure? It's Definitely not it. No, it's not. It, it's not it. It might be it actually. I have no idea. Played in Louisville though. Yeah. Tells me he's got a blue collar kid. Hard worker. Yeah. If you're going to the third round with the Chiefs, you're gonna be just fine. I know, I know one or two guys that are still on the team 13 years down the road. It got picked in the third round. Same defensive line. Coach's George car, Loftus. I mean, I'm a big fan of these top three picks. I think the Chiefs clearly last year obviously struggled with the tackle position. They answered that right away with Josh Simmons. A kid that could have incredible upside and then really they bolstered the defensive line with the next two picks, which, you know, they needed to do.


I think that the, the defense is very close to being unbelievable and because of Spags and some of the pieces, it was unbelievable last year. But they've needed to revamp a little bit of that, that size and athleticism upfront. And hopefully these two kids can do that. You know it well, we did leave the third round without attacking the, the DB room. Got a cornerback outta Cal Noel Williams led the FBS with seven interceptions. So, hey Ball, I guess when we ball, you already know we can love a good ball in the secondary nap. It's got some accolades and I mean seven picks. That's, I mean, you gotta love a db. You can catch the fucking ball.


Jaylen Royal's wide receiver outta Utah state. This, I, I didn't Count you that On you dude. Fourth round, getting a guy that runs a 4, 4 2 that just takes shit to the house. I saw that he had like 15 touchdowns this year or something like that. He Runs a 4, 4 2. Yeah, he's a, he's a strong, he's a strong wide receiver now. Round Five. Jeffrey Bassa, linebacker Oregon tallied at least 45 tackles in each of his first four seasons with the ducks. Again, not that impressive. He served his Oregon's green.in 2024. God, David meaning he helped just bad. This is 45 tackles in each of his first four seasons. Like this special team was able to get 45 tackles branded.


He served as Oregon's green.in 2024, meaning he called the defensive plays on field. That is what that means. You wanna say the last guy, Bro Smith running back. SMU heard through the grapevine through my guy Gary Dieter and his SMU Connects. Yep. Shout out to Dietz. He was saying that this guy is a baller. He's just an all around baller. He had 1,977 all-purpose yards, which is pretty fucking ridiculous. He ran the third fastest 40 yard dash of any running back at the combine. Oh. So yes. Really, really excited about this guy. He's a wide receiver, I believe turned running back and yeah, excited to get a athlete like that and a guy that could just, you know, get the ball in his hands and do something with it.


Sounds like a dual threat, multiple purpose type. Running back, use him in a lot of different ways. Yeah. You guys had your, your back that did that a lot last year was P Ryan, which I loved. I loved Je p Ryan third down back, could do a lot of Stuff. Back to Cincy, man, God damnit, that guy was good man. Awesome, awesome teammate too. I, I dug his overall vibe. Rashard, maybe he can fill in that role. That's a crucial role. We lost our guy there. Kenny Gain, well he was a big third down back for us for a long time. Moved on this off season. It's an important piece that a lot of times gets overlooked. Who's that back that is kind of that jack of all trades. Third down, very reliable.


So they'll have a chance to compete round seven. I love, I love what we did in the draft though, handled some, we lost some guys on the, on the defensive line field, those roles. Got a big old tackle to protect Pat and, and and move some bodies in the run game. And then on top of that, just add pieces left and right in the secondary and on the offensive weapon side, man, it's, I'm pumped man. I'm pumped to get these guys in the building and who knows what else Vi just cooking up with all the undrafted free agents that we're gonna see in rookie mini camp next week. It's an exciting time of year, man. You get to, Yes sir. For those of you that don't know, we're, we're going through all these drafts. I, I don't think Travis or I put a lot of stock into pre-draft analysis.


Yeah, I'm, the reason for that is like, you never know you, I mean, sometimes you have a really good feeling about a guy. A lot of the times teams will feel really good about a number of their guys, but at the end of the day, once the guy gets out there, once he gets in the building, that's when you really get to start to know who's who and what guys, you know, kind of have it. Whether it's all the physical stature stuff, the mental acuity, the, the competitive nature, none of that stuff is really gonna fully be transparent until you start seeing them in person against NFL guys out on the field. So it's an exciting time to be in the NFL. Like I think for all the fans, the exciting thing just happened, the draft, right.


For players and teammates. Now's the exciting time. Now we're going to get to see all these guys and all these new pieces and actually see, you know, who can play and who can compete And who's gonna make the building fun, man who's gonna come in and, and juice us up and, and help the culture be even more exciting than what it is. Hell Yeah. Let's, let's look at these Eagles picks man. What'd you guys go with Eagles? First round we trade with you guys. How about that Go from competing in the Super Bowl to trading draft picks. Let me tell you about my best friend, the one who let me trade up to stop somebody else from taking him. Yeah. So we traded with the Kansas City Chiefs from 32 to 31, just one spot to get Jihad Campbell from Alabama.


Love this pick. I love this pick because I think the Eagles, what they've done really well, the last few drafts that have panned out for them is they've gotten amazing value at different spots where guys start to slide and like they're regarded by everybody out there as being players that are really, really talented. That should have been taken higher. But for whatever reason, whether there's an injury like what happened with Josh Simmons or maybe it's a position that doesn't necessarily get rated as highly or there's times that are caused from of concern. The Eagles have done a great job but just picking really good players for value picks where that guy should have gone before that based on how he was as a college player.


And I think they got that with J John Campbell. He's a linebacker for some reason. Off ball linebacker is a position that's been a little bit devalued in the NFL recently. Everybody tends to have gone defensive line or DBS with these picks early. I think the Eagle saw last year how much Zach Bond made a difference to the overall defense for Philadelphia. He was in for defensive player of the year. The Eagles have great coaches. They have and they probably have a lot of confidence in their ability to, of these coaches to scout different players. So they end up getting a guy that they really feel really highly about. Yeah. Now they're gonna pair him with Zach Bond and I mean this is an amazingly talented second level now in the Philadelphia Eagles with this guy.


He can also brush the passer I guess. But no, I'm excited. I'm excited to watch him play Route two, pick 64 Safety Andrew Uba out of Texas. Don't know much about him to be honest with you. Haven't watched a lot of college football. But Brandon Borders our resident Texas expert says he's a little guy that hits really hard. Dog. Dog. You got a dog, you got a Dog. I gotta hype with my guy. I gotta hype with my guy. I love it. I love it. I love it. A lot of hype coming outta Andrew Uba and I, I feel like another one, it's another similar pick where it feels like he was slated higher and the Eagles ended up getting him in the second round of pick 64. Round four.


They go deep at the tackle Ty Robinson. And not only are they getting guys of great value, they're getting guys of positions that they need. Right. Linebacker, they lost a couple linebackers in the off season. The Kobe dean's coming off of injury. They need to continue to upgrade that position. They get safety. Andrew MCC Cobe after letting CJ DJ J go last year. Darius slay my man. Big play Slay has gone. So there's some secondary things that they need to shore up. And then obviously defensive line was their big need. I think a lot of people were talking about going into the draft and they finally get to that in round four with Ty Robinson, teammate of Cam Jergens at Nebraska. He's, I don't know If you saw this, Travis, he has a pet camel.


Take a look at this tweet. Yeah, I'm looking at it Right now. I don't know about the pet came. He's pretty fucking pumped on the pet camel. Is that, I mean, listen, where does he get, where does he keep that thing? Where does He keep it? I don't know. I mean it at his barn, his farm, it's a camel farm. It's got a camel farm. Maybe Are are camel suited for every climate? They're Suited for Nebraska. Apparently there's actually, I mean Omaha, Nebraska does have one of the finest zoos in the state of America. All right. There's actually a camel, there's a little like petting zoo type farm thing that we took the girls to around our house one time and they had a camel. Do think this guy spits camels are known for spitting. It's got a big spitting people's faces, little Bill romanowski into him.


That ain't right. I hope not. We gotta play with a little bit more class, but same, same time, whatever you gotta do, get the job done, Ty don't you don't worry about it. And then the rest of the draft we continue to fill out needs on the defensive side of the ball as well as shore up the offensive line. The offensive line was the position of felt like offensively that the Eagles wanted to continue to fill out the depth. I do think it's interesting they didn't pick an offensive lineman until round five with Drew Kendall. And that tells me that they're pretty confident with who they have rolling into this. They got Tyler Stein at Wright Guard who has been competing for the starting job for at least one year. Really played a lot my last year too. He's got a lot of upside, especially if you can improve the consistency.


Has done a lot of good things with the Eagles. And then on top of that, signed Matt Pryor this off season, they trained it for Kenon Green from Houston. So they, there's a lot of competition here. They drafted Drew Kendall Center outta Boston College. They drafted a couple tackles late and Miles Hinton and Cameron Williams. So there's a lot of competition that stout's gonna be able to work with in that room. I'm excited to see what these guys got, man. I think when you get into these later rounds, it's kind of a crap shoot. You know, you, you're waiting to see everybody once you're outside of the first round, second round, especially the third round. All these guys have some type of weakness, have something that's holding them back that's causing them to go outside of the top three rounds and you get to see what their strengths are, where they can improve at, you know, which guys are gonna pan out.


And it's just, it's, it's fun to, to watch these guys compete and get better. And especially watching Jeff Stalin work with them. I'm excited to see each and every one of Them. You know it well you guys also got a QB and Kyle McCord in the six round outta Syracuse. I actually remember watching this, this dude play a little bit in the A CC and it looks like he's a lifelong Eagles fan from up there in the New Jersey area. Little Mount Laurel, Who's, who's not these days. Am I right? Big fan base. Big fan base. I saw like a locker room video of him singing a rap song. Look like he's got some swag to him. Which listen, we we already know. Sounds like it's, if you're a quarterback locker room guy. Exactly. If you're a quarterback and you got some swagger to you, you got a little Baker Mayfield to your ass or some like just some shit to you.


That's a plus. That's a major plus. It's, it's always a plus. A Lot of times quarterbacks are very can, can kind of be beaten to their own drum. It's a, it's a position that gets pandered to a lot and a lot of the guys that are really good in college, you know, they're sometimes, you know, not as connected to their teammates as you need to be. And I was talking to Marcus Spears during the season and he said something that I think is just so true. If you wanna be the quarterback, you wanna be like one of the great ones. You gotta be the guy that everybody has gravitated to that everybody wants to talk to. You don't gotta be everybody's friend, but you have to have this personality that is like magnetic and drives people and you're a focal point of the locker room.


Yeah. Those are what the great ones do, right? Yeah. And if you're not gonna be that guy, you can have all the talent in the world and you might have success because you're on great teams. But it's gonna be hard, especially when times aren't going well to be somebody that galvanizes people to play well around you and you're gonna have to do that to be one of the best. Yeah, this is all saying I like That he acted like he had a gun and he was doing his cool thing in the locker room. I Think it shows that he's got some swag to him. You know, pew pew, pew pew. Biggest story out of the draft was obviously Shado Sanders sliding to the fifth round. Many people projected him to be a first round top. Some people had him be like top 10 picks, right? And some of these mock drafts, he was, he was high up there now, well He's selected by the Cleveland Browns or brownies.


I love this for Cleveland. God I love this for Cleveland. I really do. Man, the the Browns fan deep down in my heart is just like, fuck yeah you get a, you get a swag champ that works his ass off. That has something to prove Now, you know, not that he didn't before but you know, he is got that chip on his shoulder I'm sure because of how much he's I'm sure he's dropped and yeah. And how could you not? Yeah, If you're at all a self-confident person who believes in themselves and you're touted by a lot of people and you had the college career that he had, how could you not be upset that you fell out of fell this far? You know what I mean? Still should be happier in the NFL but I mean there's a lot of quarterbacks that are taken above him.


There's a quarterback that the Brown selected above him. Yeah. Who was the quarter? Dylan Gabriel was selected in the third round. A lot of anonymous reports prior to the draft that his team interviews went poorly. What do you think Trav, why do you think should or Sanders, I think Whoever's the fucking anonymous person that's fucking saying this should fucking come out and say who they were and what say what your chest, like, what the fuck is that about? Like if you're gonna fucking leak that type of shit, fucking be the one that says that. Yeah, it just didn't go well for us. You know, don't fucking say that we're anonymous. You know, that's so fucking lame. Like, Like, I don't know. I just feel like there's no validity to it. I'm not sure why he dropped. I, I'm not sure, you know, whether it was the interviews or whether it was stuff that they saw on film, what I saw on film.


I thought he was a way higher pick and I think that's all that should matter. And I mean, it doesn't seem like he's a terrible person. You know, he seems like he's just a, a motivated football player that is a part of a, a big football family and him and his father have like kind of taken over the NCAA football for the past three to four years. And whether that's something that NFL teams quote unquote didn't want to deal with, I feel like this is gonna be such a fresh start for him and, and now it's, it's gonna feel, i i I can see him working his ass off and becoming the, the starting quarterback in in Cleveland at some point. For sure.


Personally, I think a lot of these interviews went poorly or the off the field antics between Dionne and whatever media stuff chador has got going on. I think all that is getting blown way out of proportion as a factor for this. Yeah, I think the reality is to me and the way I look at it is it's hard to find a great quarterback in this league. If these teams really felt that Shado Sanders was a top first round talent, they would've picked him. That's what I think. I think If you, you you mean to tell me if Michael Vick was had these same exact off field things happening or you know, his, if, if Mike, if he was Michael Vick's exact talent, he wouldn't have been taken to the first round.


Of course he would've team said on draft day they don't think Shado Sanders potential warrants being drafted that high at the next level. Okay, now for whatever reason that is, I don't know why that is. I don't even barely watch Shado Sanders, but I ain't gonna sit here and tell you that like there's too many players with character issues, with concerns every year coming out about criminal behavior, off field antics and other things that get drafted in the first round and they get drafted in the first round because they are ballers and the NFL wants great players. The fact that he got drafted at 1 44 in the fifth round tells me that a, maybe these off field things mattered a little bit.


But the bottom line is teams just do not think the potential of Shado Sanders pan out the next level is high enough to warrant an earlier pick. And teams get this wrong all the time. They got it wrong with Brock Purdy. They got it wrong with Tom Brady. This is not like an exact science. And I hope that guy, and I'm happy Shado Sanders is gonna get an opportunity to go to Cleveland. 'cause clearly Cleveland watched him replace their starting quarterback. They picked two of them in the draft. So now you're gonna get him a competitive person motivated to prove a bunch of motherfuckers wrong up in Cleveland, Ohio on a team that clearly wants a new quarterback. Yeah. Otherwise they wouldn't have taken Dylan Gabriel in the third round and then picked another one in the fifth.


And When it comes to the potential of a player, I think, you know, it's, I think the higher up you go is you're ready Now it might not be that the potential isn't there that you will one day be ready. I Think it said there's Just more questions. There's more questions of what's the maximum potential, where is this player at currently? There's a ton of opportunity and potential that the kid has and there's been tons of players that have been drafted in the later rounds who teams have questions about that end up panning out. And a lot of that comes down to the intangibles. A lot of that comes down to, you know, does he just have this it factor everybody. And that's what everybody's kind of waiting to see. See like at the end of the day he's been successful everywhere he is been. He's had throwing accuracy like n none of that stuff.


Teams can avoid accepting, but they will find all these other little things to say like, oh, you know, he doesn't have this, he doesn't have that. There's guys, Tim Tebow had a lot of stuff in college too and he didn't pan out in the NFL. I'm like, they're looking to find these little things that cause them to have concern about why you might not pan out the next level. Yeah. And all I'm saying is if this kid is the dog and the motivated individual, he's got a lot of attributes that that lead themselves to being great at the next level. Yeah. And he's in a situation now that you know, he's gonna get a chance to compete. All Right now, yeah. Shoot. Hit us up If you need any food recommendations out there at Cleveland.


Big dog. Good luck. Good luck becoming the starting quarterback for the Cleveland Browns brother. I'm rooting for him. I fucking hope. I mean, talk about a great story. Are you kidding me? How can he not root for the guy Right Now? That's, I hope he makes it and he brings his, all of the people that he brought to him to the meetings, to the contract that he signs after he fucking leads him to some playoff game. You know what I mean? Like just, I hope this just happens in the biggest fuck you to everybody around their question and that side of things. But Anyway, let's fucking go. Travis Kelsey also famously slid from character concerns, arguably was the best tight end on tape. So Shado looked no further major. This could be you.


That's Jason Kelsey. Character concerns major fell all the way to the six round major, major, Major character concerns and size concerns. What do you think about that Jason Kelsey guy? Well he Is a, he's a fucking lunatic guy. I've heard he's an asshole, loses his temper all the time and on top of that he's too small. Oh yeah, let's, he ran a good 40 that's pick him in the six round Travis Kelsey. The funny thing about Trav is that like there was nothing el outside of the injuries. I guess you had two things. You had, you had had a few injuries and then you obviously had the marijuana thing stemming from your sophomore year. But outside of that, like I only remember people you Saying marijuana makes it sound so more intense.


Why does that word sound so intense? And maybe it's just like, Is it just funny that, do you ever stop the thing you probably got drafted an entire round later than you should have? Maybe even, I mean you could have the, the tape that you had your senior year was incredible. So I had only had two years at tight end. Well you really only had one year of playing fully healthy the whole year. I just think it's funny sometimes looking back and like there are all these concerns about Travis Kelce and like everybody, whoever knew you, knew you were a great kid, you just had like a mess up with mar like weed. Sorry. And then all of a sudden like teams aren't picking you for it. Like think about that today.


Like even back then, 75% NFL players were smoking weed. What the fuck are we talking about? We're gonna like act like this is a death sentence. Yeah, we are Just blows my mind. No, it's crazy man. Everybody's all good though. Shout Out to to the grid. It all worked out great. Worked out perfect. I just want everybody that drops in the draft for like whatever character concerns or whatever. If it ever pans out, they should just do that exact same character concern. Like you should have just walked into signing your second deal with a blunt in your hand smoking as a sign of the paper. So what do I, where do I sign this? I'm not condoning smoking weed, but unless you sign a multimillion year deal and you wanna say fuck you to all the people that doubted you because you did smoke weed.


I'm just signing the wrong parts of the contract. Just like Travis, you didn't sign a single line correctly, Travis. We said side here. What? Alright, well either way the draft is in the books. 2025 draft is officially over. Now we get to see if these guys are actually any good and it's gonna be a lot of fun. Alright, I, I'd say we get out of this draft and toss it to the old Ben Affleck interview. Yep. Ben Affleck, let's go. Come on now.


Alrighty. And now a moment brought to you by American Express. Jason, what's the most memorable meal you've ever had? Weenies and beans from Dad. That's the most memorable. Yeah, I think it's maybe Try one that you've gone out to eat with for and used an Amex for Uncrustables. Ooh, nice. They're that memorable. They really are. With Amex Platinum, you get access to global Dining access by resi. When you add your platinum card to your resi profile, You can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations open up. That's the powerful backing by American Express. For full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking ALL STATE first. Like, you know, to check the weather first before planning a picnic. Yeah. Like, you know, to check If you put your phone on silent before entering a movie theater or a church Like you know, to check If you packed your sunglasses first before heading to the beach. That's a big one. Like, you Know to check if you've secured your coffee lid first before taking the first sip. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're In good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company in a Phillies, north Bookie Illinois


With Amex Gold. You can make Dining Out before the big event, a big event. Hey, you made it, it's been so long. And earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year. And if you're running late, no problem. Oh, we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in Tide to catch the big win. That's the powerful backing of American Express card number entrance access, not limited to Amex Gold Card terms apply. Learn more at AMERICAN EXPRESS dot com slash with amex.


All righty. Thank you to our partner DraftKings. The Kentucky Derby is this Saturday May 3rd. Jason here is how Yeah, we are going to make the official NewHeights Kentucky Derby pick. We are gonna pick blind based on only the name of the horse. So here's those horses I'm gonna just pull up on screen. Oh, I'm looking at 'em. What are you thinking? What are you feeling? What are the vibes? Man, there's some really good names. Favorite name right off the jump right there. What sticks out to you? Probably tastic. Tiz. I don't even know what that means. I don't even know what that means, but I like it. It's got a Z in it. I like render judgment. Render Judgment. Sounds Like a dickhead horse. Flying Mohawk's not bad. Flying Mohawk's pretty good. Chunk Of gold would be fun to have win. What is the number two one? Neo equi. Neo equi. What does that mean? It sounds pretentious and I don't like it. I'll go with Citizen Bowl. You're gonna go with Citizen Bowl. Okay. Is that's, you're Well, you wanna lock that in as the official new hikes pick Serious enough. It almost sounds like, sounds like it's like Native American, which it probably isn't, but there's something about it that I like. Okay. All right folks. Citizen Bowl. That is the official NewHeights Pick. I like citizens, I like bulls. Okay, you put 'em together in a horse and you've got a winner. You all had To get into the action. We have teamed up with DraftKings to bring you the ultimate Derby experience. That's right. DraftKings is turning up the thrill with their king of the Track promotion. Ooh. Ooh. Here's how to get in. Okay. Head to DraftKings horse app, Opt in and bet $5 or more on a single horse to win the Kentucky Derby Citizen Bowl Citizen Bowl. You heard it here. If your pick Crosses the finish line first, you'll win a share of a $1 million prize pool in addition to your wagers winnings. The reward is issued via click to claim. So saddle up this race season, download DK Horse that stands for DraftKings, but it looks like it's a DK horse. Use promo code NewHeights and get in on the derby excitement Gambling Problem called one 800 GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open own or access an advance deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK Horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only must win to share $1 million Cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends May 3rd. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


This is fucking badass, dude. It's awesome man. It's so, it's more fun now. Like you can do stuff where, because like stuff like this ha like people I listen to, people walk, people care about, it's really fun to like talk to somebody, You know, I admire and like I like, this is So great. It's hell so much more interesting and no wonder why that's the shit that people actually wanna see instead of the kind of same recycle bullshit that, you know, just gets old. I hear you man. Thanks For having me. I appreciate you guys. No Complete honor, man. This is incredible. We are to brother. Before we get started, I just gotta let you know this is not a professional deal here. We we're just gonna kick it. We're just gonna fucking kick It. Good man. Yeah, yeah, believe you. That's great.


I love it. Jason, do the honors. My brother, Our guest today is writer director, actor producer from Berkeley, California. Woohoo. He's got three times Golden Globes. Gotcha. Two time baf, two time SAG awards and is a two time Academy Award winner. You know him from Goodwill Hunting, Armageddon, Argo Gone Girl, the Town Justice League. Even Dunking Donuts, super Bowl commercials. That's Right Now. Oh yeah. The accountant two. That's right. Yes sir. 92% is, please welcome Mr. Ben Affleck up Fucking introduction.


I know half that shit. Of course, man. It's good to be here, man. It's really good to be here. The first accountant. Fucking amazing. Absolutely amazing. Jason. Jason, you can go ahead and tell him about, about how you're connected in that world and, and everything. But I, I was blown away by the, by the messages sent by just how cool everything came together and you just felt how it ended that you had to do another one, right? It was just so fast. Yeah. I wanted to thank, first of all, thank you very much. I I really liked the first one and it, it kind of like, it did well and then it like built up, it kind of came out right as streaming started growing and then over time, like, you know, more and more people watching stuff and so I was really excited to do another one.


I I love the new version. I think it's even better than the first movie and hell yeah. I appreciate it, man. It's a lot of fucking, lot of fun and it's good to be here to talk about it. Well, I know you've been told this before from the first one and it, it, the second one is, is very, very similar. You do such a great job of portraying somebody on the spectrum. You can tell that you guys put so much time and effort into doing that properly. Show showcasing tools for how people that are on the spectrum deal with too much stimulus going on. What are different traits? How do they communicate, what is, you know, what is the social interaction like the dating scene from this second movie right off the gate? Oh my gosh, So good. But my wife works with kids on the spectrum.


She was in structural aid for a long time. We do a lot of stuff in the autism community. So I'd be remiss if I did not say how awesome you do at, at and how you, how much you guys have nailed it in both films. So well done. Thank You very, very much, man. I really, that's obviously the most important thing. It's like, look, this movie is, is fun, it's tense, it's serious, it's funny. But obviously kind of starts with like, when you're taking a role on like this and, and you're, you're gonna kind of talk about like, people about whom in particular there's been some like misunderstandings or judgments or whatever. Like the goal is to, for authenticity and respect and empathy and understanding. And I, I did a lot of research for the first one and I got, I got really lucky in my life in the years between, because I, I got to develop some very close relationships with, with people very much like my character.


And I, that's where I got like, just people that enriched my life and I just got to know and, and then I was like, there's so much joy and humor and rye humor and wisdom and so much beauty in in these these folks. And, and it's like, yeah, it was a great, I really felt like that was the most important thing to, to bring that humanity up because yeah, sometimes If you have a more like neutral effect, people might just assume, okay, well they're very serious or there's not, you know, there's not as much going on or they don't have the same feelings. And I have not found that at all to be true. It's just a, a slightly different way of, of seeing the world and approaching it. And I really wanted to, to bring that to this role both. 'cause I thought, You know, I hadn't really been done in that way and, and because I just came to to love, you know, in effect this, this, this character through the people that I knew.


So it was like that when I, by the time I got into this one, I was like, no, no, no, I really understand this guy now I kind of guessed and fooled around and researched before and now I have it and I wanted people to, to feel it, you know? And so thank you very much and it means the world to me. And it's a very interesting experience because like, like you're talking about like, you know, dealing with social cues, like in some ways it's just a slightly more elevated version of what we all kind of experience, but hide more. Like for sure people thinks about people in spectrum is like they're honest with you. Yeah. Shoot You straight. We all talk about how we want honesty. Truth is people want it if it's what they wanna hear. You know, I, somebody tell us you the truth, they don't really want the truth. Truth.


There's something wonderful about somebody who, I'm just gonna tell you the truth about it. So don't ask something. You don't want an honest answer. Exactly. And, and who kava. That's like, we all kind of find like, look, you know, the whole situa trying to date somebody and figure out like meet people, flirt with them to kind of like cues and indications that people get. Like I think a lot of people have a little bit of difficulty trying to figure that out. I say the right thing, like, come off stupid. This is just a more kind of in plain sight version of that. And what's beautiful about, it's like the vulnerability guy's, like trying to have a connection with his brother, really. That's the heart of it. He, he loves his brother, but drives him fucking crazy, you know?


And so it's about how do I figure that out, you know? Yeah. And same with the relationships. Yeah. Yeah. And it's awesome seeing that side of it with like the social interaction and, and things where a lot of times people on the spectrum kind of struggle with, but then you also see the strengths of the character and obviously the ability to like process numbers and like, make connections that nobody else is gonna be able to do. So it's just so well done. Have you, have you ever embodied a, a character as much as this? I mean, you've, I mean, not really. There's Been a lot of characters. You, You've gathered so many, I mean, you've had, you've had so many unbelievable movies, but hearing you talk about this, it sounds like you really, like, it was almost like a passion project this second time around. It was, it was a very different thing the second time around because just because of my life and what I, and, and the, the love I had developed and I was like, so I was like dying to get going.


You know? I was like, I remember the director like sat down with me and he was like, someone talk. And I like, no, no, this is what this scene's about. No, this is how he's feeling. No, he, he's not mad about that. You know, I, I just started to know kind of much more deeply about the guy and that's like, look, as a, as an actor, you try to do as much research as you can, but you just, it's like cheating almost. When you have real experience with something, you just bring a whole other level of, of stuff to it. And, and that's what happened with this movie. And, and it was fun. And also like, honestly, John Bernthal is so genius. The guy, I love this guy. He's a good man. He's a great actor. He's like good father. He's just, he's a guy that I became a very close friend of mine, love the guy and getting to play the scenes with him.


And maybe that's analogous to like, you know, another great player on the team. Like we for sure, somebody at a super high level. Oh yeah. It just changes everything where you're like, oh, he already knows where I'm gonna be. He already can see where I'm, what I'm doing and he's there and you know what I mean? And, and it just makes you so much better. And that was a joy every day. Well, And is there, it feels like a lot of the movies you're in, there's this incorporation of brotherhood, obviously that's a literal brother in this movie, but I mean, goodwill hunting, like, like the town, like there's like this, this idea of friendship and brotherhood, that's something that Yeah. Encompasses so well in a lot of the films you do. But Bernthal is phenomenal in this one as well. Yeah. He he is, he's great. And, and yeah.


Yeah, that's a theme that's like really meaningful to me. And certainly when like, look, you know, when I was young and, and I like a lot of young guys before you, you get older and have other kinds of responsibilities to get married, that kind of thing. Like your, oftentimes your male friends are your whole world, like your guys, your crew. That's a big deal. And and it really means a lot to, particularly to men and to how we kind of grow into real men and, and those guys that were around shape and dictate that. I mean, I assume on a, like, you know, a football team, it's, it's even more kind of profound. And so for me it was like, I've always been interested in these like very close male friendships and how they can be fucking, they can define us how they can be hard when it becomes like a conflict or when, when part of what's going on with another guy like, you know, is a, is a problem.


But like for a lot of us, you know, particularly If you, whether or not you had like a dad who was as president around like that, the period of time where that's the center of your life and you're socializing yourself in that way. And, and so that was a, a big frame of reference for me. And I think there's a lot, there's like vulnerability in it and there's strength and it's, it's a big way that oftentimes I think, you know, kind of men learn to, to grow into who, who they're gonna be. And so it's a theme that I, that I keep on coming back to. It's also very, you know, very powerful. It's like, especially when you have like a, a group of guys like that and like, when somebody is wanna tell you the truth or branch the way that things have been going Oh yeah. And go like, no, this is fucked up. Like that can be, I think especially for men, those kinds of relationships, like, he's hugely powerful moment.


This is the kind of the things that we remember and oftentimes that like define us in my experience. You Ain't lying, man. There's been so many, like, iconic, like right, I don't even want to go, I, I hate listing like lines to guys who literally did this, but like the town, like when you go in there and you're like, I'm not telling you where or what we're going for, why we're going there, I just need you to know we're, it's like deal. We're going, we're going Right now. It's just like every, every guy that has any close friends can relate to that story where it's like, dude, I got my boys back. No matter what is the case. You don't need to explain. Gonna, you don't need to tell me. Yeah man. It's like, we're gonna do something really hard and be s right. You dunno what it's, and I need your help. Yes.


That's all I tell. Okay, who's car we gonna take? It's like, that's the only, You know, I was trying to find, I remember I shot to that movie, I was, I like, I need really get a moment where we understand what kind of friendship he has with this guy so that when, you know, when, when it starts to like, get a lot of tension applied to it, you understand how strong it's, because it's an internal thing, the bond we feel. Right. The connection and that, that was like, IIII was like, he's gotta sit, You know, I wanted something kind of, you know, extreme for that. So you go like, oh, these guys will follow each other anywhere. Yeah. You Know? Absolutely. And you're dealing with something really powerful. Like this is the most important relationship in both of their lives. Yep. And that was, You know, I kind of lucked into that line. It was, and because kind of funny, you know, and extreme, but So damn good.


It does Represent, I think that a lot of, you know, you see it, you see it in sports, you see it in the military, you see, like, you see it represented in some way like, Hey, I'll go fight and die. Like, I remember I did a training thing for a movie with the Army for two weeks, which probably was the hardest experience of my life. Two weeks is a long time training. Dude. If I wasn't like so embarrassed about this bootcamp, I would've quit for sure. I'd be like, I'm gonna look terrible. You're ringing the bell. It's So, yeah, totally. It was no joke, but I learned a lot of respect for it. And I remember the guys were like, one of the things these guys would say is like, you don't die for a flag. You don't die for, you die for your friend. You a guy next to you.


And that really stayed with me of like, oh yeah, I, I get that. I get that. That's how these bonds get shaped and how you get these like teams and units to function this way, you know, it's, it's very powerful. We have one last question for you before we move on. Yeah. Could you actually file your own taxes? Do you file your own taxes? Just, just go into, If you go into a glass room and just start writing on the walls or what? Yeah, I mean, I, yeah, I could file them. I, I might get arrested for I do that. I'm tempted to do that. Write a down. It's not the right answer though. Oh God.


So good man. Check out accountant two in theaters Right now, Ladies and gentlemen. 92 Percenters my dog, Ben. I like fucking killed it. We gotta get into this sports fandom though, man. Ben Does the chair, does the chair you're sitting in kinda lock like, so it doesn't swivel. Oh, you don't want me doing this type of thing. We're kind of, You're moving kind of in and out of frame. Oh. 'cause it's a third, a third, a third. Lemme just try to fucking sit still. Like, You know, I mean, I can probably manage that. You can lock me in the, You know, I, hopefully I can manage that. Try help you out. Oh Gosh. That's how you handle most of your guests. Can we tie him down? Says a about going this fucking guy in the You lock it in.


Oh, man. All right. Alright, let's get to some sports fan, man. Boston's sports fan for life, I'm assuming man, you've, and it's all the sports up there, man. You got baseball, basketball, football, hockey, all of them. Boston's been spectacular, especially through the nineties, two thousands. And Right now, this is a sports podcast, so let's jump into some NFL draft will happen by the time this airs. Do you have like a favorite in this draft? Are you that in tuned with like, the guys coming out Where I'm like, I could tell a fucking guy's combine numbers and shit, you know what I mean? Yeah. I just hear about like, who looks like I'm not that into, especially kind of like when Tom left New England and that whole thing, I was like, I had to step back from, I was kinda like, I stopped, shit started, stopped making sense to me and I kind of didn't know who, but kind of like start watch the NFL like more casually.


I used to be more into like, who we gonna get? Who's the draft pick? And now I kind of find myself a little conflicted. So I, I can't give you certainly any, any great detail on the draft though. Although I bet you guys, Ken, I'm curious to know, like, do you think there's a, there's like more insight that you have in terms of like upcoming players. Like, do you think there really is a skill and an expertise to be like seeing how a guy will develop? Or is everybody based just looking at the same fucking numbers? Stat sheets, combine, you know, numbers and that kind of thing? There's, there's definitely a, a process and some guys hit it out, hit like they, like hit home runs during the interview process. Like, If you can't show the teams that you're gonna be like a great teammate, a great professional, like you're just kind of like a guy that likes to just play football.


Like, but if you can go in there and show that you're gonna be professional, you're gonna have a, like a routine, you're gonna be, you know, how Important is that really? Like, I know you, they said that shit all the time. He's a good clubhouse guy, all that stuff. But like, have you seen it make a real difference and does it make a difference to somebody who's looking at player? I go, this guy's for real. You know, his commitment, all that stuff. I think the guys that we brought in in Kansas City, you know, have been those guys, the guys that have had immediate success and found a way to get a second contract here. Those are the guys that they want. It's the build the building. I've been here from the jump like 13 years ago before Coach Reed even got here. They didn't have that kind of chemistry and kind of like culture in the building. It kind of took like five or six years for them to bring in the guys they wanted that had that professionalism and that like enjoyment in the building coming into work every single day.


And once we finally got that, it just, it, it's changed the trajectory of the program. And winning helps that too. When you, the more success you have and the more wins, the more people genuinely buy in. I mean, that's one of the things that Bill and Tom did so well for so long in new, like, nobody's gonna come in there questioning how stuff's done when you got that type of success. So it affords you a great culture. Even with guys that might not, maybe if they were at some another situation, they wouldn't be the same type of guy. But I think for me, I started to look at guys coming out more. 'cause now that I'm done, I try to help out or that's my way to kind of stay involved. I never looked at a lot of college guys. It's hard, man. It's hard to evaluate and see guys and tell which guys are gonna be the ones that pan out as a player.


You, you, you watch it and you can't help but think of guys that they remind you of and the way they move and the, the the times and like the measurables, those are all parameters that you kind of take into account. Like, you know, if there's a center with less than 32 inch arms, that's a red flag. If there's a tackle with less than 34 inch arms, you're like, there's a certain, like minimum amount that you want. But then after that, I like watching the tape and seeing like, how does the guy bend? How does, what is his quickness? What, what are his moves? What is, how does the offensive lineman use his hands? And then you're trying to think of like, you know, what is coachable and correctable? There's some of guys that you watch, you can almost tell that they're smart players by the angles that they take.


Like, oh, this guy gets football, he knows where the ball's going, and he's advanced. And other guys are just, they look like they're running in the middle of the field. Like, dude, do you have any idea, like what's happening Right now? Like you're, it's Really interesting to hear you guys talk about it because it actually does remind me because I thought completely different and it reminds me a lot of, of, of directing movies actually, which seems weird, maybe. But like, like when you said a yes, establishing some success goes a long way towards buy-in where like, it was more difficult for me to convince people like, Hey, come on down this road. I, early on, I know what I'm doing because I could see you guys kind like, fuck, you know what you're doing. You know, I mean, Like, I don Know what you mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


And you might be leading me down the wrong road, You know, I, and, and kind of get us all fucked up. And I kind of like, I noticed that as a, you know, movie come out and people would like it and stuff. It was, people came to me with more openness, You know, I don't know if Randy Moss would show up with the same openness that he showed up With. Yeah. But He started to get towards that. And the other thing is that, that thing of like, I really do believe that there's a kind of a flow state with act with with sports, all that stuff. And a part of it's that thing of like, am I comfortable? Am I at ease? Do I feel like, like I can kind of do my thing? It kind of basically that kind of buy-in that you talked about, you know, in Kansas City about creating a culture. Yeah. I do think that that makes a huge difference.


And sometimes I see people looking at me like I'm crazy if I'll say like, you gotta have not just a great cameraman, like great Dolly. You gotta have an environment where all the people there are kind of filmmakers and they understand what's important and everybody feels like they're, they share a culture of valuing like certain things about what we're trying to do. And I, I guess it's interesting because I often thought those things were kind of cliches that guys said when they had to talk to the media or whatever, but to hear it articulated by the two professional guys who've done it actually made a lot more sense. I'm like, oh, this is the same thing. Like, you want people to share certain values, unrecognized what's important here, how we do this here. You know, I, I get that. And I, I wonder though about like with, with football or, you know, even other sports.


It seems to me that part of the trick is figuring out who's gonna keep growing and developing. Yeah. And who's gonna stay kind of static. You know what I mean? No question. I've not noticed any particular attributes that, is it people who can, like, who, who can tolerate, like, can't tolerate failure, but can get back up when they fail and go get after it again? Is it, yeah. Like, is resilience the, the principle thing, is it just like, some people are lucky and they just keep getting better? Like, have you found any common Traits? I I feel like you just, you, I think a lot of that is, is dealt with when you have great culture, great coaches in, in hand because then you got somebody that they respect the person that's, that that needs to like, grow as a player. They, they have somebody that they respect that is challenging them.


Like a guy like me, I had Coach Reed since the beginning of my career sitting there just kind of hitting me on the head, telling me don't do this, don't do this. Keep doing that, keep doing that. And you've, you slowly start to like find your own professionalism inside of the culture, right? And then now you know how to add to that culture and you know how, and you know how to like build that culture even, even more once you start to figure out, you know, the rights and the wrongs and what you should and shouldn't be doing. But at, at the same time, coach Reid has also grown a lot since, since I've been there in terms of letting the players kind of be more of themselves off the field. He would've never let me fucking do this podcast in the beginning of my career.


You afford that? He would've told that. Yeah. No. How about, no, how about you focus on football bud? Yeah, but it's, it's definitely, I, I feel like, I feel like a lot of that is you, you have to have that drive and that love for the game to want to keep getting better and, and that goes along with the guy guys that are coming into the building or, or guys in the draft. You gotta, you gotta see it on the field, you gotta see 'em love to compete. And then you have to see them love to work for the on their craft throughout. And that ki that's kind of where it comes more of like a juggling matches. Like you, you only know that word of mouth. You don't really know what they're doing behind the scenes. So How much of a hardcore fucking like coach you, like do you respond to?


Because I like, Like I don Coach me up Man, obviously I like you want a guy who's like, fuck, get right in your face. Like, what the fuck is wrong with you, don't you? You know? Or do you want somebody that's giving you that like, Hey, you know, you can get better here. Like, where do you think that sweet spot is for you? I can respond to either one of those. I think coaches should be genuinely who their personalities are. Like if you're a fired up dude and you kind of motherfuck and that's kind of how you do it. And I, I can respond great to that if you're like very reserved, but you're honest and articulate and you communicate really well, I can respond more to that. The big thing is like, I wanna be coached, like I wanna be told when I'm doing things like what can I do to get better? And I think to your point of like, how do some guys improve?


How do you know? Some guys a master potential. Like Kobe Bryant came and talked to the Eagles one time and one of the things he said was like, one of his notes to all the young guys was be curious, keep asking questions, keep trying to get better like this. There's some guys that come in was just like this insatiable appetite to become better, even though they might have downturns and they might have to like have that resiliency and like, we've all dealt with that in our careers and it sucks in the moment, but you realize at the end it makes you so much better because you learn from it and you learn like, dude, why was I using my hands that way if I just would've done this this way? Like, and now I'm doing it and it's leading to more success. And Of course there needs to be great coaching and potential there to begin with, but that trait of like just this, this insatiable desire to like be the best version of a football player you can be is like the biggest thing to me.


And I That's hard. Yeah. It's hard to pick of guys coming out. Like, who knows? Those are those intangibles where it's like you kind of lean on coaches that you know, that know them. Like there's, you talk to people in the in in the, in the, in the, in the universities that they're at. Like, Hey, I know this coach there and I know he will be honest with me about this guy's temperament. But that's a, that's a tough one to gauge. That's A hard thing too. 'cause you're calling somebody up, they're in the spot where like what they're gonna tell you is gonna dictate somebody's future. It's like, you know, been experienced where somebody calls you about a job recommendation for somebody. Even If you're Like, I don't know if he's but you, it feels bad to say that. Like I, what I used to do is like say good things about everybody because I felt bad.


Yeah. And then I have people come back to me, man, you told me this guy was, I know goes, oh shit, I know Now I'm not doing you a service. You know what I mean? So you like had to learn that that lesson. One of the things I see like in our line of work is the people who I really respect the most, who I think are the best have this combination of the wanting to be great, which is a sense of like, yeah, I can be great, but also a certain humility that's like, I gotta keep looking at my mistakes. Dude, if you're not willing to look at, I've so much you Can do better Self eval baby. I, I have said this so much. Every great player that I know is the right amount of insecure, like they aren't happy with like, who, it's not like they're not happy with who there, but they're like, I don't like, I need to improve this.


I don't like me this version of me here. I Don't know if I've ever watched the game where I'm just like, nice. I'm satisfied. I've always watched a game like, you fucking Idiot. Yeah. Why didn't I just do this better? You fucking suck. Yeah. That's the biggest thing is like, there's people who are cool with good enough and people who didn't make the choice. I like me, it just drives me crazy. Yeah. People like, oh we're good. I'm like, it's not good. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's not, it just makes me feel No. And then when you get next to somebody else who also has that kind of demand, you know, and maybe it's coach or it's another person that you're working with, you kind of feel like, okay, this person's gonna go on this ride with me. And, and I do think it's just some personality. Some people are like, I checked the box, I did what I had to do.


And there's a kind of, I like in the great athletes that I've had a chance opportunity to know, like sometimes I feel like it's a little bit of a curse because they know they still don't feel happy. Like they are always guys who feel like whatever it is isn't enough enough. And they kind of like, they don't seem like the most comfortable, happy people to me. Yeah. And so I like, I love the idea of being great and I admire, I wish I was like this guy whatcha Talking about? Good one. I Wish I could Wish I fair enough. Alright. I wish I could do though. That looks awesome. Right? Yeah. I like anybody who watches sports, part of that's like, it would be awesome if I could do that. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that's at the root of it. You've done something, you know how hard it's Yeah.


You see guys doing at that level of excellence and really appreciate it. I'm, I'm with And for me, I've, you know that that's the thrill of it. You know, why you wanna see the top level performance, why are people obsessed with winning? Because it, it represents who the very best are. And I think that goes to the root of our like evolutionary nature. Like, you gonna go hunt for your food, you wanna, you know, like you gotta find the best hunter because that's survival. Absolutely. Next to that person. You tribe your village, you know, it's, it's tied to whether you're on live or Not. Yeah. And the great ones, they, they, they're like unhappy with where they're at or a little bit insecure with where they're at, but they also have the confidence that they're, that they can achieve it. You know what I mean? Like there's this like level of like, If you think you suck but you don't think you have the confidence to get there, you're never gonna make it.


And If you think you're great but you don't really know where you're at, you're gonna get your ass kicked eventually. Like I'm a genius I nothing to learn. Right? Yes. Get annihilated. Yes. But also, so I like, okay, it's Like I don dunno If you guys drive a a motorcycle when I was, I was doing this like motorcycle school, they taught me this thing about you ripping it, you gotta, you, you sit back on the Harley or what? Dude mostly like race bikes, you know what I mean? Oh yeah. And it teach you like, as you're in a turn, you have to look through the turn. In other words, you can't look at what's in front of you. You have to look where you're, where you're gonna go. And If you, If you actually, the way guys get into accents a lot of time is they get into a turn.


It's steeper than they thought. You get scared you're gonna hit the wall. So you look at the wall and then you do hit. Got it. You know I'm saying, so to have that confidence to like look all the way through, even when you get halfway there and you're like, they're like, the bike can do more than you Think it can trust it and look all the way through it. There's always that moment like you say of like, I believe I can get there even if it's really hard. You know? I mean Right. Fuck. Absolutely. That, that is I think a key part of it. And you probably experience or develop that belief because you've, you have to have done it a few times. Oh, I can get better or I can, and maybe that's rooted in talent or whatever, but there's definitely that those, I I I find it fascinating those kind of intangibles and, and I think there's, you know, you gotta ask the guys who are great themselves because I think those are the people who really understand it.


I was Gonna say, speaking of the great ones, getting back to some of this Boston fandom baby. The Celtics are are, you know, defending their title. Obviously Boston Sports Everywhere is amazing and has been amazing. Who's your favorite athlete? Boston athlete of all time? Of all time. Of All time. Not as hard man. Like I get, you know, Brady is definitely, might it have to He'd have to be, I don't know how you do a list that he's not at the top of, But Yeah, yeah. Also when I was younger, you know, when I was a kid, like that's when you're like, I mean you I was live or die. Oh Yeah. Hell yeah. You know, crying If they lost a game and that was like Larry Bird, Larry Legend. Larry Legend.


And my son's always like, man, Larry Bird suck. Whatcha talking about Put Highlights lights on, put the highlights on. Listen, I'm, I'm with it turning on some film back in like all these, all the, Hey they, these old guys are looking at what the new basketball looks like. I'm Like, I don't know if son of 'em could play, Larry could play, Larry could easily have made the transition into today's basketball For Boston. That was such a big deal. 'cause they were, they, it's like this basically like a small town with a kind of a small town mindset as for the Celtics to be, and that, you know, going back obviously like Bill Russell days and all that, like the Celtics were the, the Boston's original entrance into like the national conversation that, You know, I mean the Red Sox always lost. The Patriots were fucking terrible.


My father like basically was a football bookie at a bar and used to come my first VCR washing machine. He was like England, England. That Was a, in days when I grew up, they blacked the games out on tv. Yeah. Because They yeah, to get, to get people to go to the stadium. Stadium. Yep. They were like, fuck, you can't watch it on TV If you don't go down there. So you couldn't even watch the games. It was that like, it was a grind of an era for football, you know, but it was, but but so those, that's the era that I really, you know, with all these like childhood sports memories were kind of formed and, and I love those Celtics scenes, but I also love that like, you know, that that that Celtics team that came out won the, the championship out here and obviously Tatum and his team incredible.


Yeah, man, you know, red Sox oh four, that was a big, big Oh, because they had won, you know what I mean? And, and that was a Huge curse Yeah. Moment. Especially after oh three, they got, they got, they lost to New York and the playoffs and it was humiliating. And, and that was a great team. And that was right at the time where I was still young enough, I was like going out. I knew some of those guys, You know, I hung out with them a little bit. Yeah. So We dope that experience. So I being like, oh, this is what's really going on. Big poppy. Yeah. Big, big Cincinnati Bear camp baby. There you Go. Cle. Yeah, Kevin cle. Yeah. Yeah. All. And they were great guys. And so it was like, oh, I, I know some of these guys, you know, it was always at a distance. And it's a great sports town.


I mean, it's probably tough to play in because they'll, you know, they turn on you in a minute. There's always somebody, you know, complaining about a game if they lost. But I feel like the guys that really wanna play and win are like, okay, you know, hold me to that standard. That's the standard I hold myself to. You know, at least they, that's what I tell myself. I dunno. Alright, there we go. Boston, do they live and die by the Celtics? Like what's their biggest fandom of all the major sports? If you could get one championship for one organization and but the next three don't win for a decade, which one are you going? Damn, that's a good one. Or which one would make Boston happiest? That's tough. I mean, it's different. It's interesting because there are fans that, first of all, since the Patriots became so successful, they became like more than what like Dallas was in the nineties.


Like, oh, they win and they all were killing teens. It was like they got a little spoiled because the thing that I thought built character about New England was that like, it felt like they're always lost. You know? I mean, so If you were a fan, you were a real fan because Bobby Absolutely. They'd have these heartbreaking losses. Yeah. And you had like a few, Like growing up a brown fan, real Scrappy fucking teams like Bobby War, you Know? Hell yeah, baby fuck yeah. And it was like, that was back in the played, you know, hockey with no helmets and just fought half the game. Like slap Missing all their teeth. Exactly. The fucking best. And so there's different parts of the city and the state and stuff that, that kind of go towards different, that like, like hockey fans are kind of a certain sort of group.


And then football is kind of every, I mean the Red Sox were the original one, but I definitely, what's happened now I think in the last, in my lifetime is that for better or for worse, I, I mean I think this is true. I don't wanna like, you know, but baseball is not the national pastime anymore. It's the NFL like that has displaced it Right now. I mean you could don't have to look any further than the football team. Like what do the team sell for? What are the t the TV rights, the NFL Now everything. If you were, it's crazy a television network and you don't have the NFL, you don't even really have a tv, you're missing out. Yeah. Because you have no reason to watch, you know, your like appointments fucking television. That's why they're spending all this money on. And yeah, the college, college basketball and football contracts and stuff like sports have become more important in a way.


And I think football, the NFL is, I think without question like America's sport and it, and it's, and it, I mean that basketball's huge too. And, and is really like the nba, We were Ty we were trying to tell LeBron this during the Christmas games. We were like, the NFL fucker took that shit over. Yeah, right. You know what though? Because they have 82 games. That's, It's a big thing. That's the other thing. It's like it become baseball 162 games. It was the first time we had played all on Christmas. So everybody was kind of excited to watch the NFL on Christmas. No, but I think you're right. I mean the, the, the N-B-A-N-H-L, major League baseball, they all came up when the ma the way to make money was having more games.


'cause you increased ticket sales and now all the money is who's tuning in. And If you want people to tune in, You can sell no tickets to NFL if that makes this, you know, it's minuse it's not that meaningful because now baseball teams, you talking about like a lot of these baseball teams in local markets, like even like Kansas City, you know, their rights that they're selling their games to television networks has shrunk to like pretty surprisingly low Right numbers. So they're making all their money at the gate. Yeah. That's it. That's that. I think, you know, it's part of it's 'cause the fan base has grown older for baseball and football and basketball, you know, really attract and new and younger fans. And I think they've displaced it. And I think New England's no different. I think the Patriots probably became certainly with, you know, Tom and Bill and that team.


They, they were the, the dominant sports and the Red Sox right there because they won the World Series in 4 0 7 and stuff. But, and I don't know, I think this, I think basketball, I basketball probably like a very close second,


Did all my 92 Percenters get their hands on cotton candy? Yet accelerators just doesn't miss every single flavor is arguably my favorite. And it's a good problem to have because they all get me accelerated. And whether it's in season, out of season, doesn't matter. You can always find me with one of these energy drinks in my hand. I have four little ones running and crawling around and I always need my ACCELERATOR. It's a perfect pick me up, but without the jitters. Ooh, to all of you listeners, you can go get this delicious beverage that me and my brother are always drinking a QuickTrip giant eagle Hy-Vee and HEB. That's right. Go stock up on the clinically proven energy drink that uses a hundred percent natural caffeine and accelerates your metabolism without the sugar crash. And Of course you can always get a case from Amazon.


Thank you to our partner Reese's and their new peanut butter and jelly cups, which we are really looking forward to trying out In strawberry and grape. Now for a limited time, only the iconic pb and j taste we all grew up with plus Reese's Cups the greatest candy in the world. That's an instant must have right there. And They're only for a limited time. That's right. You gotta go now. Go fast because they're going fast. That's right. Reese's peanut butter and jelly. A complete candy. No Brainer. No brainer. Indeed. Reese's is always trying new combinations. Could this be the best one yet, Jason? I'm probably gonna lean towards grape every time. It's Interesting 'cause I feel like strawberry pears better with chocolate. Like chocolate covered strawberries is the thing. Chocolate covered grapes isn't so like peanut butter and jelly to me is always peanut butter and grape jelly. Strawberry might be something that would taste good with a Reese's peanut butter Jelly Cup. So get into the greatness of not just one but two new Reese's peanut butter and jelly cups and strawberry and grape. Decide which one you love most or just fall in love with both of them. Get 'em while you can because they're here for a limited time. Only Reese's new peanut butter and jelly cups. That's right. What's your jam Found? Wherever candy is sold,


Thank you to our partner, the farmer's dog. Hey, You know what time it is? Dog time. It's time for a fresh approach to dog food. And that's exactly where the farmer's dog comes in. These Guys have created human grade dog food developed by board certified nutritionists. We're talking real meat and veggies gently cooked to keep all those nutrients intact. Let's be honest, traditional pet food is super processed and who knows if you're serving the right amount. Right? True. The farmer's dog has totally changed the game with their freshly made food. They handle all the guesswork by portioning your dog's meals based on the specific nutritional needs. Just grab a pre-portioned pack, serve and boom, your dog gets exactly what they need to stay healthy and Happy. The best part they deliver straight to your door and automatically send new food when you're running low. Plus they got real people available 24 7 for customer support because sometimes you've got burning dog food questions at 2:00 AM in the morning. That's true. You get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/ NewHeights.


Alright, well we're gonna get to this. We got an ask section we're gonna do here. We just kind of rapid fire questions at you Uhoh. You are not, I mean you can, you don't have to answer. You can tell us to fuck off. We kind of appreciate it. You famously refused to wear a Yankee hat in the movie Gong Girl. Is this still something that you refuse to do on screen? Like will you, what what is it gonna take to get you In? Yeah, I, I would've, I would not be interested in doing that. Like I don do that. You know what I mean? Like I love it. I mean also to, to be fair, I was, I was explaining to David like, it just, it's gonna become like he's a big football fan. He's not as tuned into baseball. Right. He's obsessed with football and Madden and like the dude's the greatest Madden player David Fincher I've ever seen, which is fucking weird to me.


But I was like, okay, I guess he's created everything. That's amazing. But He, he, I was like, it's gonna be a distraction that you don't want like a side story about wearing Yankees hat, like, trust me. And he was, he kind of, I think he got, he was kind of fucked with me. I Be, that's fucking hilarious. Well, all right, well If you were to wear maybe a Chiefs or Eagles hat, which one would you wear? Ooh, well put me in the spot like that. I'll say, I have to say, because my Billy Goldberg upstairs is who is my, the editor that I along Chris Ross that I've worked with my whole career and is probably responsible for a large part of my career is the biggest Philadelphia fan. Yeah, Baby, You Must Be at a Philly football game.


It's, I have to say Philly has the, at least Boston, like it's, for me, Philly has like the, the intense fucking tradition where I'm like, I like Bradley Cooper's. A friend of mine loves the Phil, so I like, I'd have to go with the, with the Phil on that. Hell yeah. Go birds. Go Birds baby. Also the Philly fans will kick your ass If you don't wear it. You know what I mean? In Kansas City, they're like, that's cool, You know? I mean You Gotta kind of stick together. They're Way out there in the middle of this, the country. Like, Don, come on out here, have some good, You wanna see some, I Like, Oh gosh, we heard that you once got to run routes with Tom Brady.


All right. What was it like, what was that like? Did you, how many completions did we give? What were you running? What kind of routes were you running? I won't lie to you. I don't know if they have a name. Not that I, I'm sure I disgrace every receiver that's ever run a around, but to this day, aside from the birth of my children, that was the greatest thing. I was like, dude, are you, he was like, I need someone to play catch with, happen to be on vacation at the same place with him. And he was like, you wanna come down? And I was like, Oh, this was so, this was legit. This was as legit as it gets. That's man, you were getting, you Were helping Tom get ready for the season. I was Like, I don dunno how much I was helping him.


I think he was like, he was like, I'm gonna fucking blow. This dude's gonna out work. We literally got down there and first he's like, you know, I'm gonna, he's like, okay, go out here, turn around, turn around. And and I'm like, run fast as I can turn around. I so look at him, look, he's been waiting 45 minutes, You know, I fucking guns me. I'm like, I cut it because I was afraid of breaking my nose more than anything else. And then after a few of those he's like, alright, I'm put some hair on it. I was like, no, no, no, it's already, it's already playing fast. Yeah, that was the what I was about to ask you. That's what I was about to ask you. Did he actually spin it? Like he ripped you a couple? He hum Him. Now, You know, I found was that like, in a way you catch it out?


Self-defense. I didn't even think I was, you know, and I found myself with the just like, Yes Fight or flight reflexes. But the greatest moment of that experience was he was like, after we played, you know, he had me running around. I'm, you know, he threw me the ball and, and it was amazing, right? It was like a, like, I like a 10-year-old kid. He's like, okay, come here. And I get to him and he's like, it's Super Bowl fourth quarter. He got 23 seconds. It's fourth and 18. I Like, I love this. Tom knows what he's doing man. I like, he's like, you just run dude. This is, this is why he's the best. This is why he is the best. This is a mindset dude. So It was amazing, dude.


He, he goes and just run straight, don't turn around. And I was like, he's like, and I'm gonna get you the ball in the end zone. I was like, don't turn around. He was like, don't look back. So I, I'm like, and I like, he told me, I was like, I'm in the Super Bowl now. So he's like, look, look. Calls it out. I, You know, I, he was, and I start running. I don't look back, I'm sure to him it seemed like this. He's like, I've never seen somebody running slow motion. But like to me, I was going as fast as you can go. Yeah. And I keep going. I'm like wondering when's this ball gonna show up? And I look, I just feel it like right out in front of me. And it was a little far for me. I think he was like, he probably back the, You know, I reach out and I have have to fucking, I like, I won the fucking, he's Running at me like this.


It was incredible. I called Everybody I knew for two days I was on the me I think they thought I was lying to, but it was like the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me. And I lived a full life of dreams right. In that whatever it was an hour of playing catch you Have a real life that's, you have a real life sandlot Bob, you were smalls dude, The jet glove. So It get it to you in the end zone. I mean, and it's like when the, it felt like this is exactly what he looks like when it really is the super well, you know what I mean? Like, and he's one of those guys.


Going back to that thing I like, I've often wondered because he seems so relaxed, like oddly relaxed. I've, I've often wondered if that's part of it. Like just not, you know, when everyone else has that anxiety 'cause it's, you know, whatever, 20 seconds to go in the fourth quarter. If you can have that like calm and that awareness, I think it's a huge, huge advantage. There. There's a story, I don't know if it's true about Joe Montana that the Super Bowl through the cashier White Clark and the, the play before that, he got into the huddle and he was looking into the stands and they, and the team came back and they were like, what? And he goes, you look over there, is that John Candy? No.


And they just like turned back. But he was like looking over and be like, oh shit, that's John Candy. Alright, fuck it, let's go. Like, You Know, I mean like he was, he was just casual and I feel like that always made sense. If you've ever met Joe Montana, that's a smooth son of a buck right there. He is a cool CAD man. He is, he is a laid back dude. I believe it. Are you, are you sick and tired of having to look at bat Damon's abs? I like damn every, I just ended went to the premier. Every interviewer like they were giving me something like they, they found the secret of life. Like whips out eight by 10, Matt with his Zab. He was Like, this dude is out there one time he got in shape, worked out one time, he's out there flexing his nuts off his, you know.


But You know, I listen, it looks good. It ain't easy. If you touch 50, you boys will see. I hear you man. He's calling Everybody telling him where he is going. I'm gonna be on this beach at this time. I'm about Have a Big Mac. You Know, I so Good. Dude, you guys, you guys lived together in Boston your first year or, or growing up I should say. I say first year but growing. Yep. We, we were friends of the same pop. We lived together in LA We, we've been friends since we were little kids. Yeah, Dude, that's so fucking cool. Me and me and Jason we're living together at Cincinnati and obviously we grew up together. I under, I know what it's like to like hang out with your homies and like be in the same houses you like how fucking cool were you guys just fucking throwing cool ass ideas back and forth to each other.


Like, I don know how cool they were, you know, I dunno how Cool we were just like fucking dumb enough to Think it would work out for us. You know? That's that kind of like belief that like yeah, that's part of the gift of being young is you don't really see that. Like, this could end bad. No one hires we have like, we, it might not work. We always kind of had a certain like, hey, we go out there. I don't know. It was a combination of not knowing anyone who had done it or it seemed very far away and, and also going like, yeah, fuck it, we're gonna move out to LA and this, we're gonna try this thing and we're gonna go after it. But I I I was, I'm curious because for, for me, I found that I see a lot of other people who, who've had success and you know, the kind of sort of light turns on you and all of a sudden it's a very different experience day to day and people act different and shit is weird.


Especially like, I, you know, when people this, that first or the beginning of that transition and I really credit, you know, my ability to kind of stay sane to, to having like my best friend who was doing it too and being able to be like, is this fucking bananas or what man, like this fucking man, someone would be like, what the fuck are you talking about? Like, why are you acting like that? Or whatever it is, you know? 'cause every other people wanna, might wanna kiss your ass or whatever it is. I wonder If you have the same thing you guys like, you know, NFL guys and you're like, but you know, you're not the only one in your town that you know that that's that one kid who becomes a big star and everyone, you know, like you had each other did that. Yeah. Was that I was, I was lucky. I just got to follow this guy's footsteps. I was just doing whatever the fuck he did and I was, I was benefiting from the guy.


I already paving the way for me. But it was definitely cool once we got to the league how we could bounce things off of each other. Especially 'cause we were in two different cities, two different buildings, and it's Like, I don't know, I I, we also had Coach Reed. He got drafted by Coach Reed in Philly than I did in Kansas City. So it was really me just like confirming that what I was doing was the right thing to do to Jason. Jason was kind of just, you know, figuring it out as he went. Did You think that because he did it made it easier for you because you were like, oh, if my brother can do it 1000%. Jason came in and was like one of the most professional guys in Philly. I've heard the stories through everybody in that building because half of them came to Kansas City and they were like, man, If you just lock in and do what your brother did, you'll be just fine.


I think that's a big deal, Man. Oh no. Are you kidding me guys? A fucking, But I Just gotta follow his footsteps. Stop. All right. I, I but I, I, I really do think you're onto something with like you, you and Matt do going through it together and like Travis and I like, you know, as you know, as you have more success, there's more people that come around you that don't really know you and they just wanna like tell you how great you are or whatever. And yeah. Because you represent like a job or some status to somebody or whatever it is. So they're gonna tune into that because they want it, you know, Or they see you on camera or they see Travis and I doing this or on, on TV and they think they know us, but like to have these relationships that predate all of that other stuff is like, it's hard to like replicate that with like, whether it's friends, family members and you end up really holding onto those and they, and they end up meaning a lot more and it helps you kind of keep your sense of self for sure.


Undoubtedly. Absolutely. Man, it's, that is true. Words were never spoken. Like it's very hard to have the same quality relationship in a way with somebody and trust, like, because it's a big difference. Like the people that I grew up with, who their relationship, I know those relationships were based on me and that person. They didn't have to do with anything else. And that's never a thing that you can take for granted after that point. Which isn't to say I think everybody's trying to, but it changes things and, and part of it may maybe it makes us wonder more like, okay, why does this person, you know, wanna be like, I remember I had, the best thing that ever happened to me was I got successful and then I hit a really like, bad patch.


Like I had a bunch of movies that didn't work. I was in a bunch of tablets and I was like, it was always I thought, okay, this may be over for me. Yeah. And what happened was a lot of that shit went away. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I'm not that funny. I don't have that many friends actually. Like, you know, it was a whole, I used to say this like this and people would laugh like it, the world changed and I could feel I didn't represent the same thing to people and I, I recalibrated and was like, okay, I get it. These relationships are largely what they are. You know, they're not really authentically based on the, you know, me and this person. And that's okay. You can, you don't need that many friends. You just need a few really good friends. And not every relationship is gonna be really authentic close friendships.


Some things are just like work relationships or whatever it may be. Yeah. Yeah. That helped me kind of get it, you know, and it was a really, it was just a really helpful moment. And I, and I think sometimes people, like in sports, you look at, you tend to have this, this career trajectory. Like, come in, it goes great, everything's amazing. And like the last couple years, okay, all Right, now I'm gonna retire. And then after that, like, some guys, I come across you and more maybe you can tell me If it is true or not. Like have a hard time adjusting after that because they're like, wait a second, you know, this life is so different now. A hundred percent. That's legit. A lot of guys, you gotta try and find a a, a career after sports while you're still doing it, man. But speaking of work relationships, we got some Dunkin Donuts here, man.


Here baby now. God, dude, that's the, the Super Bowl commercial was fucking legendary, dude. Yes. Thanks dude. So good. That thick ass Boston accent. That shit was fucking gold. If I go to Duncan and say I want the Affleck, what's the order? They get the fuck outta here. No, my order is the iced coffee. My lot. I like the chocolate glazed donut, but You know, I don't think we Think it memorialized it as my order, You know, I mean I, it's, you know, but it was fun. It was like, nice thing about that with Dunking was like, they let us and we, our our company, our secretary became the ad agency and started building commercial stuff and now we kind of broadened it out to a couple other brands as well.


And we, they kind of were like, okay, you know, because my belief is like, you wanna get the connection with whatever the culture or the person is like, and this is in theory not having to do with me. Like, but let them have a voice in what they're creating. So like, let them participate. So, you know, when we had like Ice Spice or Kristen Wig or, or Tom Brady, like only come at them with a script and lines was like, you know what your fans want, you know what people connect to about you, like bring that to this thing. And people are so much more comfortable and better because they, like, you don't lock people into some stupid line and posing with the product and it just, and now people know that shit is just artificial and it doesn't work, you know? So Yeah. Could not agree more. That's awesome, man. Excuse For letting us fuck around and act stupid and No, but you're right, it comes across so much more authentic and like, even like, you know, when when we've done advertisements it, when when you as the person behind it and the face a part of it, when you're actually contributing to like what the thing ends up being, it feels more real to you.


So Of course it's gonna feel more real to the people watching it. So hell yeah. I think that makes a Lot of sense. It's your taste, like that's infor athletes, whatever. It's like your persona yourself. Like that's the thing that, that means something to people. They're connecting to you in that way and like, you kind of wanna be like, if you're not consistent with it, because brand is trying to voice something on you people vibe, but they're like, that's not why I like this, this guy or this woman. I don't, You know? I mean, and so it, it doesn't even work, but it's fun when you, when you get it right and you have a good time. Hell yeah. Fuck yeah. Well it fucking killed it. And I'm not gonna lie, I'm fucking smacking some munch. Every time they got those new blueberry ones or the dude, they're new To me, the blueberry, they're new to me. I didn't even know that was thing those, they a fucking game changer. Kylie Had a box of 'em, the Kylie had a box of 'em the other week and I was like, you know what, I've been on this diet, I've been trying to slim down, but I couldn't resist.


I reached tiny, I took a bite. I like, they make you feel good about eating. I took a bite. I didn't even know that blueberry existed. I was like, what the, what the fuck is this? It's funny, I just about first one the other day and I like, damn, this is fucking good. I thought I knew all the shit that was, you know, but They got that shit figured out. New discovery. Yeah, too. They'll probably be like, it's been there for years or I'm just a dumbs that hasn't had it, but anyways. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Me too. They're like, well, you make commercials for them. Didn't know about the blue man. Hey Ben, thank you so much for joining us, man. This has been awesome, my bro. I know you got stuff to do. God's such a pleasure man. I'm such a big fan. You guys are the best and, and it's, it's really a pleasure and honor so much fun.


Like, I, I can't say how much I'd rather be like hanging out and talking with you guys than, you know, kind of doing the same old thing. This is great, man. That's awesome, man. Thank you so much. Let's, Let's do it again. When you, when you have another one that's hitting the Gators, man, we got so many more questions. We don't even have to do it on camera, It was just, Just chopping out with you, man. I get Better answers off. Awesome. You're The Later In Affleck, dude. What a legend, man. You ain't lying. I mean, I've always been a fan of him as an actor, but then you get to talk to the guy, you get to see how driven he's, you can tell just talking to him how much he cares about just everything he does, how much he's always trying to figure out how other people have success.


It was just an all time combo. And his mind works so much faster than mine. Yeah. His neurons are fucking no, they're firing, Connecting. They're firing quick. Dude is, he is a special human being. Man, that show is awesome. Make Sure you go check out Captain two. It's a pretty damn good movie. You'll enjoy it. Yes you will. All Right, now let's get out of the house, man. We haven't hit this segment in a while because Jason just had his fourth child this first time. He, he got out of the house in a, in a long time. This is all true. Jason, how was it? What'd you do Travis? I was with you. Whatcha talking about? We both went to Oh, we're talking about, about that. Oh yeah. Well we, we headed over to one of my favorite golf tournaments of all time at the Justin Timberlake 8:00 AM golf tournament in Viva.


That was Vegas, dude. Where I just can't seem to lose. I just never lose in Vegas, man. There's something about Las Vegas. It's just, you know, it's kind of where I feel at home. It's been good to you, Especially at the wind, especially at the win. More so at the wind than anywhere else in, oh my gosh, look at those jugs. You gotta show that. Wow. I didn't know. I didn't know that's what it looked like. Oh my God. It's a solid, solid Sea Ds, maybe those my nipples are my nipples hard.


Oh my God. Why are my nipples hard, Dude? Oh my goodness. Oh my gosh. Dude, those are your nips. In fairness. I Think it was a little cold. Those are just the thermostats working. It was a little breezy that day. That's why I said Tino's got the sweater on. Dude. You might need to go get some tit reduction, dude. No, no, no. I'm, I'm a fan of them. I've always Ah man, dude, that is hilarious. That's aggressive. That's What he is. God damn. That just made my day. What was your favorite part of the weekend, Jason? My favorite part of the weekend. I don't know. I mean, getting to hang out with my brother, a bunch of awesome people.


No, it's, it was a fun event. I mean, listen, you're at the win in Las Vegas at like this unbelievable golf course playing with a bunch of the coolest people on the planet. It was freaking awesome. And You know, I got to meet Justin Timberlake, 18 a million other people that were there to all yeah, be together and have a good time. And it was just, it was done right. I always loved going to these golf outings where 8:00 AM in particular for this outing. The people at the Tahoe outing, they just do such a great job at organizing it, getting everything set up. Oh yeah. It was just really well run combined with great people. So yeah. I had a blast, Dude.


So much fun. You got thrown into a group with one two of my favorite human beings on the face of this earth. Taylor Parsons and Blake Griffin. And I was with another one of my favorite people on this earth, Andrew Santino. And I'm not gonna lie, man, Santino was, he is a stick dude. He is good. I haven't seen him play this good in a, in a while, man. There was, there was a, there was a few shots where he was just absolutely dialed in. He Was sinking putts. Yeah. It's fun to watch. Dude. He was sinking putts. I was not sinking putts. Me, Blake and Chandler had great vibes. I was really struggling. My first putt, I think was like a 10 foot putt that I put legitimately five feet to the point that everyone audibly laughed behind me.


You got like, somebody legitimately said, that can't be serious. It was like, it was straight from happy Gil. Like, I hid it and I was like, oh no, that thing is going nowhere. And it doesn't help it out that you have that putter. What are you talking about? It's a Scotty Cameron freaking, it's some un like he's the best putter on the planet. I'm not trying, trying to hear this. That putter is from the beginning of golf. Okay. That's how you know it's good. It's made, it's survived for a very long time. It's a great putter. It survived. Why just be, just because nobody lost it. No, people have been playing it and, and it's, it's a putter that's stood the test of time. It's classic. Yeah. It'll only gets you halfway to the hole though.


Well, that's if you're a jamoke like myself and you haven't ever, you didn't practice any putts before the hook. You high round. There you go. One of my favorite experiences from the weekend is always the karaoke night. They always do a great job of getting everybody to go up on stage and sing a great tune and, and do we all know your karaoke song? Yeah. We didn't execute it as well as I thought we were going to Turn around. Turn around. It was tough on stage hearing the audio and the words weren't synced up as perfectly as I thought.


This is after, also after a full day of garage beer on the course. So it was not the best performance, but it Was Oh, it an A for effort and entertainment value. Listen, the first like, probably like 10 to 15, maybe even 20 seconds, was you guys were far the most entertaining crew up there and then outta nowhere. It was just like a scream off Yeah. Of you and, and and the other two just Yeah. Absolutely. Trying to like get the wheels back on the track. We tried Ali. That was, that was fun. Absolutely hilarious. Shout out to jt. Shout out to Jessica. Shout out to everybody over at 8:00 AM and the win.


It's one of my favorites, if not my favorite casino out there, man. They always do it right and, and, and hook it up during the 8:00 AM and that is, that's one of my favorite golf courses out there. Let's get onto one of our favorite segments each week and that is no dumb questions.


No dumb questions is brought to you by perplexity. For those of you that don't know, that is an AI search engine. We will use occasionally to help us answer some of these nom questions or questions that arise from the nom questions or any type of questions we have during the show. The entire internet has been debating a nom question and we have been asked to weigh in from at B-D-F-G-H-K-L-N-P-Q-U-V-W-X-Y Guarantee a bot. This is a bot At Brandon. Board is at Jake Chasky. I'm gonna need Jason, Kelsey and Travis's opinion on this. He quote tweeted, I think 100 guys could beat one gorilla. Everybody just gotta be dedicated to the shit. Shout out to dream chasing Mike. We gotta answer some questions first. Are we allowed to use tools? 'cause I could be the griller by myself. I got the biggest gun. Be over real quick. Right. So I think we're talking about hand hand cop, I'm guessing. Yeah. I think we're just talking to hands Gorilla. Don't scare me if I got a big ass Magnum fucking whatever. But what are we talking here? We Like all the guns. Exactly. Do we, do we, are we talking like what's a win is a win like death. Yeah. You're fighting to the death. That's what a wind is when you're fighting a gorilla. How do you, How do you kill it? That's what I'm saying. That's my thing. How do you kill a gorilla? You're gonna need a tool. You can't kill a gorilla with your hands. No. Yeah. I don't know. You Can you choke it out? I mean, It's gonna be tough. I Yeah, that's gonna be a tough sell right there. I think A hundred guys could do it. 'cause the gorilla would get tired, but he is gonna go through about 98 of 'em if He's gonna go. Somebody's getting fucked up. Yeah, and I don't know if I wanted, that's why you're saying I think a hundred guys would be one gorilla. Everybody just gotta be dedicated to the shit. The shit is, you're going to get fucked up if you're one of the first people to go at this gorilla. I think One of the reasons these questions are terrible is because humans don't fight hand to hand even. I mean, you go back to looking at, you know, people back in the day, you're u everybody's using tools. I'm gonna pick up a big ass rock. I'm not gonna go fight this gorilla at my hands. I'm gonna let you distract him. I'm gonna stand in the tree and then when he is not looking, I'm gonna drop a boulder on his head. Yeah, but we're not fighting fair. That's why human beings fight. Right. And you're smart If you wanna survive. That's how now that's dedicated to the shits. I'm gonna sharpen a stick and then poke that big motherfucker in and not have to go and fight it with my hands. And in which case it does. It's gonna be a lot less than a hundred guys. Might be one guy If you got the right tool, But yeah, If you try and go fight a gorilla with your bare hands, you will die. I'm not fucking with that. Yeah, I mean, it's too strong. It's too powerful. I don't even know how you would kill it. How would you kill a gorilla? Dude, that what? I dunno. No, you're not choking it out. You like try and hold it down. I I just would like, like 20 people jump on it. Just the whole pin it down. I don't, but even that, I don't think that's gonna work. That's, yeah. I think they're 20 strong. They're 20 times stronger than us. That's why it's a dumb question. All righty. That's no dumb questions brought to you by perplexity.


That wraps up another episode of NewHeights. Thank you to Ben Affleck for joining us. Make sure you subscribe to on YouTube to the NewHeights channel and follow NewHeights in the Wonder app or wherever each podcast special announcement. We'll be back next week with a special Mother's Day episode. Yeah. I wonder who's gonna be, who's gonna be a part of that one? It's Gonna be Mommy God once again, NewHeights of Wonder Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Duncan. Oh, these little munchkins We're put 'em Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show for with one nice for fun clips throughout the week. And thanks to our production and crew, you guys are gonna have your hands full this time until the 92 Percenters.


Please keep tuning in. I We'll get good at this one day. Hey, when I'm confused about a name, I just try to go as fast as possible. I think everybody in their right mind says Aflac. Jake, put a poll up. Put a poll up. Put a Poll Up. Jake, just take it to the audience. Put a poll up. I've never heard one person in ordinary conversations. How often does it come Up for you? How often does Ben come, come up? Not often. Not often, but it's, it's always been Affleck never been Affleck. Is that just like the Philly accent getting in there? No, it's just You're You're overdoing it. You're overdoing it with the You are overdoing It.


You're overdoing It. Ben Affleck. Ben, you're either ale. You're either saying Affleck or Affleck. Affleck is an a Done with It's your ale Is You're saying the same Affleck, you're saying like a affect. No, I'm not. I'm saying it's either Affleck or Affleck. You Added a T on all those. I swear to God I heard a TII definitely add T sometimes and that's for sure wrong. Listen, If it wasn't for football, I'd be just like Ben Affleck and Goodwill Hunting. You know what I mean? I'd be just working the docks. What docs? Docs Construction. He was what Docs? What docs are you With? Been a while since I've seen that movie.


Where Do you Danny Green working the fucking docs at Lake Erie. It's a major shipping hub. Travis.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to NewHeights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Whole Foods started in the counterculture city of Austin, Texas, and it took pride in being anti-corporate and outside the mainstream. But like the city itself, whole Foods has morphed over the years for better and perhaps for worse, and is now a multi-billion dollar brand. The latest season of business Wars, we explore the meteoric rise of the Whole Foods brand on its surface. It's a story of how an idealistic founder made good on his dream of changing American food culture, but it's also a case study in the conflict between ambition and idealism. How lofty goals can wilt under the harsh light of financial realities and what gets lost on the way to the top. Follow business wars on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge business wars, the Whole Foods Rebellion early And ad free Right now on Wondery Plus.