
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Thank you to our partner, DraftKings. There's nothing like the thrill of watching sports. You know what takes us to a whole nother level. Have a little skin in the game. That's right. Download the DraftKings app now and use promo code new Heights when signing up. Only at Draftking Sports book. Wondering what the Draftking Sports Book app offers. Check out DraftKings live betting same game parlays and more to build your same game. Parlay or same game. Parlay extra. Combine multiple bets together from the same game. That's called a parlay. Different games also a parlay and even different sports. Yeah, this all works together. It will be a bigger payout. I think that comes at a bigger cost of it. Also not paying out just a little forewarning. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have a shot to win cash prizes. They've got something for every sports fan. A crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction.


Boy in Ontario. Lemme call a golf shot Real quick. All right, here we go. Oh, this is awesome. To 14. Oh, that was good. That's it. Travis, Give us your best of 14 Right now. All Right, now here we go. Now over to 14. I'm changing the channel. If somebody gives me a 14 call like that immediately, That was poor. That was poor to poor to bad is what that was. Hey, Welcome back Ladies and gentlemen, boys and Girls, to New Heights, A Wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by hbos, THE LAST OF US.


Ooh, season two premieres. April 13th on Max. Looking forward to that. We're your hosts. I'm Travis Kelce, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland, Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alums. And yeah, subscribe on YouTube one through Plus, wherever you get your podcasts. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We got another great episode for you guys. We're gonna break down everything that's happening in the NFL owners meetings. We've also got some huge baseball news, huge barrels, some we call torpedoes coming out. We also have a, have an incredible conversation with my co, well with my coworker and host of Monday Night Countdown.


Scott Van Pelt, SVP, Marilyn's Finest. SVP coming on the show. You're knocking. Wanna miss that. He brings it. As always. As always. He just has so many good stories and he is such a storyteller. The best pros pro. The absolute Best. Well, let's start with with the baseball news. Let's start with a little Oh yeah, Of course. New news. New news. New News. News coming in. High news brought to you by American Express. Yeah, here you go. Shout out to American Express and yeah, the Yankees. The Yankees have been doing a little research and development into what can make a baseball bat better and they have introduced the Torpedo Bat to the world.


That's right. That's correct. First of all, love the name. I mean, that's a great name for anything. Torpedo Bat. Yeah, I think sounds lethal. It sounds like, it sounds like a Nerf bat that we had when we were kids. It does sound like a toy. It is definitely sounds like something that would be really marketable to children. It sounds, it sounds something you tell your kids and they're like, I want it. I would buy it immediately. Well, Kevin Smith at kjs four. Yes. The Yankees have a literal genius. MIT physicist, Lenny. I mean, I don't know any physicist that goes by Lenny, The one person. Sure. Yeah. Alright. Lenny on payroll, he invented the torpedo barrel. It brings more wood and mass to where you most often make contact as a hitter.


The idea is to increase the number of barrels and increase and decrease misses. Yeah. We have a nice little picture of this to demonstrate how much bigger that sweet spot and how much further down the bat it has moved. I'm really intrigued about it. I mean, obviously they jumped out to some pretty crazy success. It's are all of them. I don't think all of them are using this bat, I don't think, although I don't think the, the main one judge, he's not using it. But the guys that did use it, I think had a number of home runs this last week. If I'm not mistaken. 15 home runs to be exact. Well, I guess it's just Yankees. So which one of the Yankees are using them? That's what I'm saying. I don't know if we don't have That information.


Yeah, we don't. I don't think we have that. I'm not sure. I th they were playing the brewers and they were smoking the brewers. I think that's what happened. Yeah. Which apparently, according to baseball experts, not that hard to smoke the brewers. A lot of brewer hate going on these days, but there Is a lot of brewer hate. It's unfortunate. I'm intrigued by though. I mean, the science adds up. I mean, Lenny, Dr. Lenny might be onto something. We'll, we'll see what's in the future for the Torpedo Bat ongoing investigation. It is a legal bat. It does adhere to the parameters of major league baseball. And what is the determined to be a legal bat. I'm really interested in seeing how this pan plays out. Yeah. I would love to see a list of the guys using it versus the guys that aren't.


And maybe like a spreadsheet of how they did last year versus this Year. Alright, Jake, we're gonna put task that with you because Good luck, Jake. I feel like you'd be able to figure that information out. Nate, Could you imagine Barry Bonds with a Torpedo Bat? I mean, we don't even know if it's good yet or not, But Yeah, I mean, I think the, the bat Barry used was, was fine. What's Better? Regular bat with copious amounts of steroids or no steroids in his Torpedo Bat. I'm taking steroids. See, these are the answers. What Lenny? You're an MIT guy. Dr. Lenny. We want the, Could you figure this one out please? What's a bigger advantage, Anna Ball?


I don't even know what a real sters name is. Like the Tor. PED. Oh god. There you go. I just missed opening day at the park. I might have to catch. I mean, listen, we just had a baby. Yeah. Are you trying to show Denise? Are you, do you wanna show, you wanna see your new niece? Yes. I wanna see my new niece. Jason, you only sent one picture. Come On, Kai. You didn't even tell me one name you picked yet. Look at that. Oh. Oh, hey little muffin.


Look at you. He is hanging out with mom. Tell Kai I said hello. I'm glad everything's went great. Travis says Hi. Hi Chad. Do you want something? I gotta, I gotta go next to, well, You Hey Kai. Jason hasn't told me you, If you guys picked a name yet. Are you, is this still a nameless baby? No. She has a name. We had to fill out a birth certificate, paperwork. I think that, I thought that's how that worked. Well, we, you can technically leave without it, but we wouldn't remember to fill out the fucking paperwork after that. So we have to do it when we, when we know. Is that a beer bat? That's what I'm saying. That's all we're focused on too.


That's impressive. Isn't it cool? They might sell mething to And you're impressive, Kai. Thanks Trav. You're impressive. It's really, wouldn't, wouldn't have been possible without your brother, you know. Is This Finney? Yeah. Finn. Finn Finnley And Kelsey we're calling her. Finn. Finn Anne. That's Adorable. Jason refused to. Let me just go, Finn. So I'm deadass. I Love her. What? Congrats Guys. What should we ask Finn a question? Finn. Finn, come Here. She said sneeze All. Go ahead. What do you wanna ask? Hey, Finn, That's so mean. If you just look adorable. I don't even have anything to say to you. You happy to be out? Huh? How was, how was Kylie's uterus Too comfy.


That's why I went to Victor. Get this guy outta here. Oh man. I'm sorry. Your father's a weirdo. All right, we're going next door to record. All right. Enjoy. Love you. Love You Too. That was lovely. Thank you for that. Well, she said believe. Oh, she said she wanted to stay and see Uncle Trav not gonna lie. Listen, babies are awesome, but they don't do a whole lot for like the first six months. Six months. You would know you have four of them. It Really doesn't get that exciting until they start smiling and like giving you something. I mean, it's amazing. Watching a birth is still one of like the most crazy things that you can ever witness. And there's a moment, right when you see any baby.


I feel like that. It's just like overwhelming. I love it, man. There's not, there's, there's a just can't really do much. Right around the six month mark. That's when it's like Benny Right now. Benny's right? A little bit over two. She is a lot of fun. I mean, she is a spitfire. Doesn't even know when she's being offensive. It's the best. I love it. I'll get up there. So I'll All right, I'll see you in like six months. Six Months, perfect. To meet the baby. Yeah. That'll be good. That's, that'll be good timing for you. Let's move on to some football news. Football news. An annual NFL owners meeting are happening in Florida Right now. Florea and Flo. Of course. Flo, as we always talk about the, the coach's photo got revamped a little bit.


They Did this on like a stage. Yeah, they got a, they got some lighting. Was it too hot to go outside? Everybody taking the photo like this? 'cause the light is just, the sun is just burning their face off. I don't like this. They're taking this way Too serious now. I mean that's a lot of coaches. It's like Professional grade. All right. Oh, there was a storm. There we go. I gotta keep reading. So it's raining. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. Good choice guys. Good choice. Good choice. Nice. All right, so instead of naming all the coaches this year, we are gonna be tasked with naming the one coach missing. The one coach missing. Alright. Who is missing from this photo? I feel like we're playing like, where's Waldo?


Alright, so I guess I'll start. Do how do you, how do you wanna do this? You wanna do conferences? I think whoever gets their first wins, that's all I hear. That's all I know. Oh, okay. Name people as you're seeing 'em. It's just dead silence. God. Damnit. We got the NFC East. We got day ball. Ani. Dan Quinn, A FC West is there. God damnit Schottenheimer's there. Gosh, this is Ter. This is, this is the hardest thing Dude. Who is this guy? I have no idea who that guy is. Sorry. Duval's there. Is he? Taylor's there? KO's there. Gosh dang it.


Todd IRAs. I don't know who's in Seattle now. Who the fuck is this guy Shanahan's there? I don't man. Every year. I feel like there's another guy added that. I'm just Like, I don't remember. Who's the Seattle coach now? McDonald. He's upper left. It's next to the day ball. I think I might know who it is. Nope. There he is. Fuck. And we're positive. There's somebody missing. There's one coach not there. Could not make it due to the storm. Storm due To the storm. Was that a hint? No, that was, that was just the weather. That was just the weather. So This was in Florida Somewhere? No, I'm not that clever.


Are all the Florida coaches here? Yes. Lana, who's God Damnit. Who's Aaron Glenn coaching for Now. Aaron Glenn is coaching the Jets. Who's, who's Atlanta's head coach. You should know this. Jason. You're so co Jason, come on. To be fair, I, I don't know anybody in that division. Oh my Gosh. Raheem Morris. There it, It's Jason. You won it. You won. Oh my gosh, that was tough. Maybe the most pointless game we've ever played. Congrats Jason. What a big, what a big weekend for you. New baby. Oh yeah. Great Winner of guests. The coach game. The NFL competition Committee met to vote on banning the Tush Push.


But discussions were tabled. That's right. It may be tabled. Nice. Yeah. It may be discussed again in the May meeting that they have as a committee and could be pushed forward once more to support the more that is gathered. So what are your thoughts, Jason? I get it. I get why certain teams wanna ban it for competitive reasons. I get why some people think that it's potentially unsafe. I think optically it looks unsafe. It's football man. For me personally, I never felt like there's that much of, more of a risk of injuring somebody on the play. And I don't think there's any statistics to back that up. So anybody saying that it's gonna lead to more injuries is pure conjecture not rooted.


In fact, I think the only argument I see for potentially banning it is, is there a competitive advantage? Is it unfair that players can push and should we allow players to push rather than ball carriers or anybody to have to do things on their own? Yeah. But You know, I think that that's gonna be a hard rule to enforce. Like when is that enforced? Like are game tackles outlawed? Are, you know, open field? Like when, that's what I'm saying, big Creed Humphrey gets behind a running back and he's pushing the pile forward. Do we not want that? 'cause I like That. No. 'cause that's football. I don't, Yeah, I think it's, it's hard to know like where do you, where do you stop this from occurring?


You can't just say like, Hey, you can't do the Tush Push. That feels like a hard rule. Like it needs to be a, a rule that's enforceable throughout football. Although they do let defensive players push D lineman on the Tush Push, but they don't let that happen on field goal. They did outlaw that because that was leading to an increase of injury. So Man, listen, there are four downs that a team gets to get a first down or get in the end zone. If the T Tush Push is just one play that you run when you have a short guarded situation. Yeah. Those may come up a handful of times throughout a game. Yep. And it's like you can't get upset at that one play. You know what I mean? And like I understand the whole, If you want to say it's not safe, football isn't a safe game to play.


So I know we're trying to make it safer or whatever. Like it is what it is. I think it's a football type of play. It's a toughness play that you need to be Yeah. In sync with the guys next to you and the guys around you. And that's on both sides of the ball. I don't think we, I don't think we need to be banning this or, or like you said, how far down the line does it go? Are players on the defense not allowed to hold guys up now to try and have somebody come in and, and get a strip like that? How Yeah. At what point are we just gonna let football be football? Just from like the health aspect is like people see people misusing my quotes. Like the place sucks to run, but it sucks because of like an exertion, like an energy level. It takes so much to try and get a yard.


Yeah. It's not a high impact collision. There's not, for the most part, people don't even get rolled up on because you're keeping your feet moving. It's not gonna be a play, in my opinion, where you're gonna see this huge increase in chance of risk of injury. It's just not So, I don't think it's really that dangerous from a health perspective. And I don't listen, I've done no studies other than anecdotally what I've been through. But typically injuries happen when guys get rolled up on, 'cause they're locked out in blocks or there's a high impact collision that occurs. And neither of those happens on a play like this. It's, it's so tight quarters. It just ends up being like you're just pushing against each other. Yeah. You know? I get it. I mean it's, it's a play that some people don't think represents football.


I disagree. I Think it represents football really well. Some people think it's more of a rugby play. But when we have like a guy who played rugby like Jordan Milot, he's like, it doesn't have anything to do with rugby. It's physicality, it's intensity. I Think it perfectly represents football that I like, you know? But at this point I, I mean I'm tired of the back and forth with it. If you're gonna ban it, just ban it. It ends up being a topic every single year before the Tush Push was allowed and we started doing it, we just used to do regular quarterback sneaks and was still a high rate. So I don't think it's gonna really change the Eagles approach that much. They are gonna keep doing this 'cause it is a higher percentage with the push. But it isn't that much more like the Eagles just generally are good at quarterback sneak.


That's why they execute this play at a high level. It's 'cause they're good at that first if they take this play out. I still think the Eagles would be really good at quarterback sneaks. 'cause I think Jeff Stalin coaches it well and I think they have good players to execute it. So I'm kind of over the back and forth of it. Do whatever you're gonna do with it. I think the health thing is kind of a bogus claim that people are using that just wanna get it banned. I Can see that for sure. The fairness and competitive fairness to the defensive side. I get the argument. I just don't know where you draw that line at. One of the quotes I saw was like, I'm, I'm most concerned for the center. I was like, yeah, I get it. Yeah. I mean it sucks. It is a, it is a grueling play because of the amount of exertion.


It's less of like a grueling play of like being blindsided, like cold cocked and it's more of a grueling play of like, you gotta take a shit and it just won't come out and you're just squeezing forever until that thing comes. That's what it's like, that's what's grueling about it. It's like, Ah. I mean I think everybody's been there. That's more of the grueling nature behind it. The exertion that I'm talking about. I don't think I've ever done that taking a shit. But I, I know I get what you're saying though, saying Jeff Staler did it one time and it was the funniest fucking thing I've ever seen a coach do. It was so funny.


Alright. One of my former teammates, good friends, and the last of the core four remaining with the Philadelphia Eagles Lane Johnson had this to say on Twitter, hate us. 'cause they ain't us. There we go. Talk your shit player. All Right now, player. All right. That does it for little Tush Push and new news.


New news is brought to you by American Express. Yes. Yes it is. And let's move on into some fan mentions of the week.


Some Trav fan mentions. Yeah. Yeah. This is, I love this. This is pretty crazy. Yeah, there are a, there are a few people that, that when I look at them, it's like, damn, that's, that's my cousin. This is one of 'em right here from Skydog at on on X at new high show at me. Travis, when did you start playing baseball? Well, I've been playing for a long, long time. But the brewers Bryce to rang, hopefully I'm saying that correctly. Bryce. Yes. Where there's some, there's gotta be some lineage down the line. He's got a little bit of the Jonas Valentinos look to him to, yeah, I Think it might some lit, there might be some Lithuanian in there.


I mean, I see it, I see it a little bit, but I don't think it's like that. It's, I think Croatian Think it's more so just the, the red beer. The he's got that, that as it grows out, mine gets like more red. Okay. So I'm gonna let you know what it's, here's what happened. I've never done a 23 and me, but I can virtually guarantee there is somebody in a lot of people's, like, you know, Genis Khan, have you ever heard of this like Genis Kahan? There's like a Heard about him 10% chance or something ridiculous that anybody is related to Genis Kahan. It's something absurd. Like this dude just like was banging women nonstop. Just being honest. I forget what the can Brandon, can we find that stat about people being related to Genis kahan or having like Genis Khan's jeans. It's, it's, it's absurd when you look into it.


Can we get you, Dunno, anything Stat? Can we get the gang Kahan stat? The gang Quit yelling at me. I'm not yelling at you. You're yelling. Genis Kahan is estimated to have over 16 million male descendants alive today. That's crazy. How crazy is that? Approximately one in 200 men globally sharing his y chromosome. Fuck. That's insane, man. 0.5% of the global population has Genghis Khan's y chromosome. I wanna see if I'm related to Genghis Khan. And I believe that goes up. If you're of Mongolian descent, historical accounts suggest he fathered many children, both thoughts.


His marriage, both through his marriages and concubines sons grandsons continued the trend further spreading his genetic lineage. The claim that so many people are related to getting kind, supported by a 2003 genetic study, which identified a unique y chromosome haplo group. Haplo group. Yeah. Whatever that means. Okay. Shared about 8% of men in regions once part of the MGO Emper empire. These cons are getting after it, man. Yeah. So I think that there's somebody, there's somebody with one of these y chromosomes in all the, all the basic white bearded guys that we kind of embody. I think that that is, there's some guy that just had a half red, half brown beard and was just running around with an ax up there going through Europe.


Well, shout out, shout out to Bryce. And finally he had to show some brew. Had just had to show some brewer love today. So shout out to Bryce. We also got this from the New Heights page of Reddit from Adam Baum 6 6 1. An interesting name bud. Dude, this this church mural in my neighborhood looks oddly familiar. Why? Trev? I've never seen Jesus look like this. What? Like you, I've never seen this. How did they do this? Somebody painted this in your image. This looks like Travis Kelce. No it's not. If you had long, wavy hair, this would be exactly what this picture would, would look like.


You're hilarious. I love So you're Jesus Christ. There's no way this is, I've never seen Jay Jesus painted like this though. Travis, would you ever do your hair like this? This is a good look. This is a this is like an eighties Travis Kelsey right here. That is, that is like, that's like me if I was in the Bee Gees. Well, I could tell you almost assuredly someone who dude you do. I I don't wanna gloss over that. The Bee Gees is such a good fucking reference. You look just like that one motherfucker. It's so good. That's great. Living Gibbs. All right. That doesn for fan mentions.


Yeah, it does. Let's, let's, let's see what SV P's talking about. Huh? Maybe get this oh man episode back on the Rails. Guys are, you guys are in for a treat. Let's send it to him.


Thanks to our presenting sponsor, HBO's THE LAST OF US HBO's biggest series. THE LAST OF US Returns with a new season on Max Heck. Yeah. Five years after the events of the first season, Joel and Ellie are drawn into conflict with each other and a world even more dangerous than the one they left behind. Ooh, CNN calls THE LAST OF US Exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype. I do enjoy it based on the groundbreaking video game, The Emmy award, winning HBO original series. THE LAST OF US premiers April 13th on Max. You can listen to the official, THE LAST OF US podcast wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you to our partner ACCELERATOR. Oh yeah. That time of the episode where we get to tell you how to get on the same energy level that we're on. You know exactly what we're talking about though. And that's ACCELERATOR Active Energy. That's Right. Trav ain't Wrong. I will need a Can of ACCELERATOR even more because the baby's here. Trav. We're not gonna be sleeping too much and this is gonna get me through It. I mean, that's a good way to, that's a good parenting actually. So for parents out there, ACCELERATOR does make you a better parent to all of you listeners, you can go get what Jason sip on Right now at Hy-Vee Giant Eagle, HEB or even Quake Drip. Go stock up on the clinically proven energy drink that uses 100% natural caffeine, accelerate your metabolism without the sugar crash. And Of course you can always go get a case from amazon.com.


Thank you to our partner, the Farmer's dog. Good dog Health starts with good, healthy food. And that's what the Farmer's dog is all About. That's right. The Farmer's dog is real food made from whole meats and veggies. The recipes are developed by board certified nutritionists approved by vets and built on decades of research to make dog food that's complete balance and full of healthy benefits. Let me tell you something about keeping your dog healthy. It starts with what's going down in their system, If you know what I mean. All Right. Now the farmer's dog is the real deal. The food is highly digestible, which means your dog absorbs more nutrients. They portion everything perfectly for your dog. They do all the math based on your dog's, age, weight, breed, all of it. Each Pack comes with their names right on the bag, which is extremely convenient. If you have multiple dogs, Give 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/new heist to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Our guest today is from the University of Maryland. He is also the host of Monday Night Countdown, SportsCenter and the SVP or SV pod. He's an eight time sports Emmy nominee and the voice of the first two days of the Masters. Please welcome Mr. Scott Van Pelt. Thank you. Yeah, baby. Thank you. Welcome On B Guy. Thanks for doing this, man. Nice to be here. It Also, As a member of the 2023 class of Montgomery County Sports Hall of Fame. What's that? What's Montgomery County Sports Hall of Fame? You know, we're an area where not a ton of people have made it to the big time as evidenced by the fact that they were like, who can we put in? Like Van Pelt? Yeah.


He, he threw what he threw like 75 when he was in high school. We don't have a ton of people from around here that have made it. But that you, what what makes it cool is the people that have, that have made it to the league where wherever Sure. Those folks are a big deal. And it was really, it was, it was an honor that they would thought it's, this is all just the broadcasting piece of it. And it was, it's flattering. It was not from my sports Prowess. Yeah. I mean I was a, You know, I was like the classic high school guy. I was a good basketball player. I was a good pitcher. But that was, that was the extent of it. Were you better basketball or better pitcher? I'd say hoops before the age when people started redshirting their children in elementary school. I would've really benefited from one more year. I'm not kidding.


I'm not kidding. Like in the area where I'm at, like there's like 20-year-old high school seniors that have been like, held back a few years and then they ended getting for sure scholarships to go play lacrosse at an Ivy league. And you're like, you know, there was a, there was a method to the madness, but I was, I was like a 17-year-old high school senior. My nickname was Fungo. I was six four, a hundred seventy. And By my freshman year in Maryland, I'm 6 6 2 0 5. Like I'd have been, I'd have probably had a chance somewhere just 'cause my, I was just physically completely different size Wise. Yeah. You know what I mean? For sure. But whatever, I was a decent hoop player. So, I mean, at Maryland, like there were a, a bunch of people in like the intramural system that were like, could have played college somewhere, but just, you know, whatever. But I was, that's it.


I was, you know, frustrated thought I, when I was little I thought I would be the guy people were talking about. But as it works out, I get to be the person talking about the people and that, that career lasts a hell of a lot longer, thankfully. As, as we sit here now Much longer. Dude, you're one of the best man. You're one of the best one of the icons. I appreciate that. Speaking of hoops, before we get into your heralded career as an analyst, we do gotta ask couple days removed from the Terrapins exit in March Madness. Yeah. How we feeling? What Was a big bummer? They Looked good. They were looking. Yeah. They had a chance. Yeah. But Florida's really good. They are. Yeah. And then the end coincided with the coach leaving. And, and we talked about that on, on the pod just because Kevin Willard went to go to Villanova, which is a great job.


And I think totally get why that job would be appealing. It's just the way it ended. Like there's a way to go and it, it got, it got really sticky. And so the Maryland folks were, were, were really bummed about that. But the good news, the really good news in our household is my wife is a gator. Ooh. And it was, this was the coolest thing on Sports Center. We had Coach Golden on in advance of it. And I'm like, look, I got a problem in my house If, if Marilyn plays Florida, my kids are just, they're really stuck. 'cause they love the Gators and they love the TURPs. What do I do? And he had this great answer about being a supportive husband and tell him that it's, you know, you support mom and you're just gonna be happy for the Gators and, and it if, if Marilyn loses its fine, blah, blah, blah.


And I'm like, that's a bullshit. That's wrong. That's not true. What you just said, It was a lie to my kids. Right. It Was a great answer. It was a great answer, but it was wrong. And then we had just gone on a trip. We come home and the Gators, they sent a box, fellas. And I believe that my name, image and leg this of my children belongs to the Gators because they got more swag from Gainesville than they knew what to do with. And so I believe that the combination of Florida winning that game and the swag that was sent from, from down in Gainesville to my kiddos, I believe they belong to the Gators. So that's, we're all good, man. It was, it was a fun run. The end got real bumpy and that's How the SEC gets you, that's how they gift boxes.


So you're telling me Charlie can be bought, Charlie can be bought. Oh, hell yeah. He bro, he had on, he had on a gator headband. He's like, dad, look at this man. I like headband. That's exactly, I'm like, you wanna go to the closet? We got plenty of TURPs gear. But yeah, we can find, but the Gators represented in a SEC level. Trav, you called it man. They, they, they do it different down there. We Do it different man. It just is what it is. It's why they thrive. Yeah. Shout out to the TURPs. Hopefully you guys can get it back to the old, the Juan Dixon days, man. Back when, back in oh two when the turfs were on top, baby, My man. Let's, let's move this topic to what really a lot of the fans wanna know about on this show. And I am, I desperately want to know more, but how was it working with Jason on live television?


Oh, Well we started off with a bang, I believe the first on camera. He said his tits were out. Something like that. It was, it was either first or second. Yeah, it was that first show. Yeah. It was early. Just Forgot. Yeah. He forgot to pack his clothes. Talked about how his, his tits within the first five minutes, it was Glorious, immediate, just set the, set the expectation I think in life most of life is managing expectations. No, listen, the, it was, I'm interested in, in his perspective because, you know, when, when it was right around now last, it was last spring when you had made the, you know, official decision that you were gonna head into our world on the TV side. And, you know, you were coveted by any, everybody.


And I mean, I've sort of shared this backstory. I I, I reached out and I was like, look man, I I appreciate your space. I'm not trying to get in it and, and try to bother you, but I also wanted to represent that I knew ESPN was interested in and having your brother and, and, and whatever capacity was gonna be. And so I tried to be as honest as I could about what I thought our place was. And now he comes in and the thing about the business is there's a million things about, this is where I'm gonna talk about you, Jay. Like you're not there. Okay. Okay, cool. I like there's a million things about your brother that make him perfect for now. You can keep the keep keep the cans on perfect for tv. But the, you still, there's a process of learning the mechanics of TV that it, it's not innate.


He's innately entertaining and engaging and people love him, but learning how to, okay, when's it my turn? And what I would try to tell 'em is, look man, your mic's always on. You don't need me to ask you to go when you're ready to go. Go. But there's a couple of guys in swag and RC that, that we have a built-in kind of chemistry. We know how it goes. And swag can get going on a tangent and like, you just gotta let 'em go. Oh yeah. And so it's a, it's a challenge when it's four people that are talking to figure out, you know, how to get in where you fit in. And it was a blast because the things about, you know, the stories and what's genuine about 'em, what's authentic about 'em is all right in front of you. And then seeing it get better and better where you're like, okay, you can tell that, that he's more comfortable and, and by the way, you're more comfortable by the end of the year than you are at the beginning, obviously.


And he'll get only more and more comfortable as time goes on. So I had a blast. We blew out a port. My guy dump blew his ACL out week, week two in Philadelphia. Mcl, acls intact. ACL was intact, just mcl. We Were sure that his need A-C-L-P-C-L, mcl L all blown out the whole thing. Somehow he, they, they were intact. No, we, we had, we had fun. And I mean it's, but it's a, the TV piece is a, it's a different kind of grind, man. You don't gotta get a to it all to be on, but you're on planes and you know, you're trying to figure out how to, to bring entertainment to the masses. But again, what he's innately great at that you can't learn how to do. And So we were, we were thrilled with it all. I just, I I'm curious what, what your assessment of it was, Man. It was, it was a lot to learn and take in.


I think it's so much different. Obviously we have this podcast trail, but live TV is so much different. We cut so much of this stuff out and have so much leeway to just say whatever we want. Yeah. When you're on live tv you gotta be concise to the point. You gotta make space for people to talk and have Oh yeah. A conversation. And part of it is getting to know everybody. Like that's a huge part of it. I really feel like after the first year is just like having a, a knack for, you know, what the other person likes to hear, what gets them revved up, how to like throw things back and forth. And for me, I just was trying to learn as much. I mean, I reached out to Scott early on, we went golfing. You're trying to get a lay of the land.


Like, you know, what, what do I expect? How do I prepare? And I'm still learning all that. Like, I watch more football this year than I've watched legitimately in my 13 years playing. Yeah. It's f in in in terms of league wide. Yeah. You know, I mean you're your, You're focused on your own team when you're in the building, but you gotta know everything, Your team and the team you're playing and you're getting really hyper-focused on those. And I still like watching the game and that hyper-focused game plan oriented focus. It's not feasible to do that. Really in the same way, in the same depth when you're trying to watch all 17 games that happen within, You can't watch the all 22 of every game by, by, by the time you get to the Monday.


'cause we're, 'cause we're not gonna break. It's, although like, we're not gonna break down all of it, but if there's something, 'cause what we try to do is talk ball. Yes. And Trav, you've been kind about that, that like that what's the role of a show? And I think if you can educate and entertain, I mean everyone's gonna say some version of that, but I think that's really the, the core of what we're trying to do. And I think like what we had Jason do is break stuff down. Like you don't wanna limit it to just tackle the tackle, but I think you can help people understand why something works, why a team's really good at it. And I I thought that was, I thought that you brought a lot of that to the table and the personality as well. But it's interesting to hear you talk about it. 'cause it's probably not unlike learning a teammate. Right. For sure. If you've got, you know, a guard to your left that you know is really good at this, but maybe not as good at that.


You gotta figure out how to help him be good at the thing he is not as good at. And that's really what the, what the TV piece is about. Like, just figuring out how to make, put everybody my job, try to put everybody in the best lane to do what they're great at. Even better. You know what I mean? Yeah. And for sure it's, I don't know, it's, we, we had a blast doing it for sure. 'cause it's it's big man Monday night Football. I mean it's a, it feels like a thing. Get Big. Yeah. Yeah. It Doesn A bigger Than that baby. A big. And you hear that thing in your mu in your ear and like, I mean, you guys lived it where you were the guys in the arena. I, I wasn't, but for me, Monday night Football was your watching back in the day. Howard Cosell, whatever. There was nothing bigger than that. And like, you hear that music and you're the one sitting there, you're gonna talk and you're like, you know, this is an event, man.


It's, it's, it's a blast. I love it, man. We grew up, it was, it was the pinnacle of football growing up. It's still right there. We're in the league. Guys are looking forward to like, man, we're playing on Monday night this week. You better get ready boys Prime time. Everybody's watching. Right? Not everybody gets to play on Monday night. That's true. One of the things I really just, I consider myself really lucky is not only was I with you, Scott, I was with Swag, I was with Ryan rc. Everybody was more than willing to help and just like a teammate, they were the veterans. And I could tell like, you know, we're on the middle of the desk, we're in the middle of the show and Ryan's like, yeah, what do you think about that? Like, he's like, all right, it's your turn to talk idiot. Like, get going here. I'm like, all right, I got you. Let. So it's, I don't know, it's, it, it's really fun looking back and seeing how everything evolved over the course of the year, how much closer everything got.


And looking forward to this next year for sure. I think it's gonna be awesome. Oh Yeah, for sure. SVP how did, how did you get into the Monday Night Countdown stuff? Did, was it always, 'cause you were originally just like in, I Think it was 2001 you started with ESPN doing Sports Center. Yep. And how did you gravitate, I, like you said you're a hoops guy. How did they get to the NFL biggest stage on the NFL? I think the one thing that has happened for me, triv throughout my career and I'm grateful, grateful, grateful, grateful is I've never been a guy that was playing chess. I was never planning three or four moves ahead.


I didn't have my eye on anything as much as my eye on Right now. Hmm. I think I've been really good at that, being present in my present, appreciative of this moment. Try to be as good as I can be at what I do and trust that If you do that, then you'll get another shot at, at it tomorrow in some other role. Yeah. I've told the story before, but it's true. I, I have a, I have a post-it note that's in a little window box frame that sits at my desk and it says I will never work at ESPN. And when I was at the golf channel, which is where I started, way back in the day, I had a producer that's like, ma, I man, you're gonna go to ESPN someday.


I said, man, I'll never work at ES espn. He said, oh wow. Oh really? I'll, he wrote it down. I signed it and he said, I'll bet you a hundred bucks. I said, fine. I saved it. 'cause it was a great reminder even to this day to me, don't say the thing you won't do. Right. Because look at me, it's damn near 30 years. Well now it's 25 years of me being at ESPN and I came there to be one thing. And then I moved up there and then I started doing SportsCenter and then I worked with some of the all time greats, you know, the late great Stuart Scott who, you know, we'd do the show and he'd say, Stuart Scott Van Pelt, which was this really cool thing he did where he made us a team and he made me his e his equal.


And he was a star who was willing to share his shine with me. 'cause he wanted us, like you were just talking about Jay to be great together. Right. So cool. And I did that and then I started to do radio and I was like, holy shit, this is so difficult to do radio. I, I thought it would be easy. And I learned how hard that was. And then I took a little bite of the apple with game day. I spent a year doing college game day. And I guess what I'm saying is that I just kept trying things that were put in front of me. And then around 10 years ago, they said, we want you to do your own version of SportsCenter, which no one had ever done before. And that was obviously a lot of fun. It was a huge challenge, but it was fun. But there's nothing at our place that's bigger than the NFL. And so when, when they asked me, Hey, is this something you would consider doing?


I'm like, absolutely. It's the NFL. There's nothing bigger. We want you to go to the games I'm, I'm in. And so it wasn't anything that I pursue, I guess this is a long-winded answer of saying I didn't pursue it, but the, the way the path goes, there's things that, that are sometimes pop up or the, the opportunity arises. And when it did, I was, I was up for it and I did it for one year. And then last year was when your, when your brother joined. And so it's only been a couple of years, but I looked at it like the, there is nothing bigger than that night. And if there's something that has to do with college football down the road, I don't know what it would be. But I mean, I went to the national championship game this year and we did our show from there. I just think being at the biggest events, covering the biggest events, being in, in the arena, nothing substitutes the juice You feel when you're there and you feel a connectedness to the fans and the moment, that's my favorite.


And, and being face to face like you and I this year Trav, I like, what, what game was it? Maybe it was the Saints, I can't recall, but you came out and you, it, it might've been a playoff game. You came out and you were with me after, afterwards might've been Houston. It's like it all kind of becomes a blur. But when you're face to face, like with Ryan Day and, and Will Howard after they win the national championship, the conversations you have the intimacy of that moment. Man. Coach Tomlin said it the other day at the coaches meeting, there's no substitute for intimacy. That man has a great way of saying just one sentence better than I'm saying all of this. I love that being face-to-face with the people that have just been in those moments. So, Cool man. Well that I met you on the biggest stage back in I think 2016, maybe it was 14, 15, 16 at the national championship.


I see the, the man himself, SVP the guy that drove our, we talk about this all the time on here that those ES espn SportsCenter days growing up with, you know, Stuart Scott, yourself, rich Eisen, Steve Levy, the whole gang. It was just so much you guys drove our love for sports. That's so cool To hear him. You know, Dude, I'm telling you, I loved every single sport because, and it was the only channel that I went to. Jason, he would go to what he would watch Dragon Ball ZI would go straight to cartoon BN sometimes Cartoon N That's, That's fine. Dad would've law and order on every once in a while. We'd have to There you gog him to turn It off. But no, I I I saw you at the, the National Championship, Ohio State versus Oregon.


And we, I was at, in Dallas. I was, I was kind of in that underground bar area and it was when you had just started doing bad beats and you came up and you and you, you were the nicest guy in the world. I'm shaking because I'm actually meeting the, the man himself. Good luck. And you were just so cool, so calm and, and we're talking about how you I opened the, the bad beats. That's a legendary moment by the way, bowl. Belk Bowl is all time. All time. And the, the, that, that montage is some of the legendary moments in, in hi the gambling history where something went completely sideways. Oh yeah. But the belt bowl against Duke. Yeah. And you're right there in the middle of it because you take it to the, take it to the house and then, then we, it went sideways.


But you're in there. That'll never change. We may change certain things to that montage. Belk Bowl will never not be in the bad. I love Yeah baby, I'm honored. I'm honored forever, man. You, you've, you've done okay since then. You're going, you're gonna have a gold jacket like your brother someday. It's gonna be all right. You, you've, you've elevated beyond being in the bad beats montage. If, If only I wouldn't have lost the, the helmet right after he scored that Touchdown. Oh yeah. That helmet that I scored Immediately after he scores that touchdown. Scott m in the students, I'll be, I'm in the end zone stance. He runs over and gives me his helmet and tells me, don't give this to anybody. We're partying afterwards at the bar. I'm letting everybody wear it. I look back, it's gone. So Hold, wait, wait.


Yeah. Wait. You go out and get wrecked after the belt pole lost your brother's helmet. Yeah, It's a bad story. It's not a great story. We, we could laugh about it now, But yeah, it's, it was not, you Know, it's an incredible story. It's made its way back. Oh, Okay. University wasn't allowing me to, they, they told me if I didn't pay all my parking tickets on campus, that I couldn't have the, I couldn't have the helmet because there was like the bowl game helmet. It was like the special helmet. The seniors gotta keep their bowl game helmet. So I like So wait, but so the but it made its way back to you. It made its way. It's did it it we found it. We Do know where It's at. We found it somebody, somebody who came. So we me it on the pod like a year ago or two years ago. This Yeah, it, they had like a sticker, like a circle sticker of 18 on it or like, this is gotta be his.


That's incredible. I was just picturing like some guy in like Lima, Ohio in his living room and that helmet just watching games in the dark wearing a belt bowl helmet. That was Travis. He was, he Was doing it for a good decade. We just Got it back last year. Oh, that's beautiful. The universe, the universe bends to the Kelsey Brothers. All we needed was this show to tell the story. No, but I remember that day, like it was yesterday meeting a big guy. It was, it, it made me feel like, ah, man, I want to be that cool of a dude doing that to, to somebody that may have looked up to me at some point in football. Man, you were just so, so down to earth and so like welcoming and stuff, man.


It was just, it was just awesome man. So I appreciate that. I appreciate that dude. Well likewise, I, I've said this a quite a bit about like my dad had this line that I recite often, norm. Oh yeah. Treat normal people like superstars. Treat superstars like normal people and that's the best man. And just a quick story about a guy that was a legend in broadcasting named Dick Enberg, who called everything back in the day, he called anything that's big in sports, Dick Berg called National Title Hoops, super Bowls, the whole bit. When I was a little kid, I was went to a Maryland basketball game. Shocker. And I met Dick Enberg and he could not have been kinder and more present and, and just made me feel like holy smokes, like this is, this is a guy.


But he was, he was asking me questions and he was interested and he was present. Fast forward a zillion years and now we're working together. I, I believe it was the US Open in Philly, in Marion. And we're out and we're at dinner and it's a small group and I tell him the story about the way, the reason I act to people, the way I act is, is because of how I'll never forget how kind and how present. And, and just you made me feel like a big deal even though you were the big deal. So Cool. Like, I'm telling Dick this story and he gets like a, he's teary-eyed and he's like, thank you so much for, for letting me know that something I did, you know, mattered to you. I was like, Are you kidding me? Like, this is a legendary guy. So I don't know.


I think, well, all I'm trying to say is it's, it's, it's real easy to be decent to people. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. And look, you guys operate in a different place. I mean I, I've done this a long time. I'm six six baldheaded People recognize me where I go. But like you guys have to deal with a whole different level of what that is. And I just try to be a mirror, you know, reflect what you get and, and so that to what I'd say to the people is give, give something good and you probably get it back. You know what I'm saying? There you go. Yeah. I dunno if that makes sense. I don't, I remember that moment we had a blast and we keep on trucking and the lanes we're in and, and I'm sure we'll keep trying best to stay happy and present in 'em as long as we can. I I sure as hell am. I did want to ask you one question before we get out of this Monday night gig.


Have you ever considered actually calling games? I mean we, we do Pro Bowl, we call the Pro Bowl. We do the Pro Bowl, which yeah, in the flag space is among the most pro, really prominent flag games. Trav but's, I don't know of a bigger one. There's foam pits. People do flips in 'em. It's a, it's quite a lot. No, I, I never have. And I watch people like the Bucks and the to Ricos and the Ns and the Michaels and the whatever. And I, and I, it's a skillset set. I, I don't have, I don't know. I I don't want do it. I've never wanted to do it. I get to do golf, which Is Yeah, I was gonna say you do that live, But Yeah, but that's, here let you, lemme call a golf shot real quick.


Alright, Here we go. Oh, this is awesome. To 14. Oh, that was good. That's it. Like, like to 14. It's, there's, there's very little to say or do I don't need to set up the down in distance. I don't need to know. Did he catch it? Is he inbounds? Is he outbounds That look like a face mask? Calling golf is stealing money. Okay. Stealing money. But I Think you're, you're, you're really underestimate you're under rating that to 14. Call Travis. Give us your best to 14 Right now. What is it? Let me get your to 14. All Right, now here we go. Now over to 14.


I'm changing the channel. If somebody gives me a 14 call like that immediately. That was poor. That was poor to poor to bad is what that was. No, it's very, very, very understood. Think, think. You know, think Jim Nance. Hello friends. Think Oh, nice guy To 14. See that? God, that's a lecture. Well, let's, let's go, let's keep going over to golf. We got the masters coming up. Yeah, baby. Yep. We got the masters coming up. You and you're you're supposed to be doing the, the first two days of it, right? Yep. Thursday, Friday. It's by far and away my favorite week of the year professionally.


It's just so cool. Have you, have you been? Yes. Yes. I got lucky. I went during the covid year where there was no stands. Wow. There were no grandstand. So I just got to see how beautiful that course was. Oh my gosh. So cool. It's impossible to try to, to convey to people. It's, and it's an impossible place to exist like it seems. Every Single blade of grass is thought about there. There you go. Every plant, Every tree. Ridiculous. It's perfection. It's Insane. Is Amazing. It, it is. It's all these things. And the week is, as I say, it's my favorite week. It's, it's, I've done it for a long time, which is hard to process. The first year I went was 1997 when Tiger Woods was, you know, a kid, and he laid waist to every record there was lowest score, youngest winner, biggest margin of victory, the whole bit.


And that was when I started, and now it's all these years later. And, and I'm the guy in the Butler cabin on Thursday and Friday that, that brings this on the air. And so Cool. Man, believe me, that is so cool. I, I, I'm talking earlier about being present, being grateful. Like, all the stuff I get to do is, is a blast. I mean, I'm, I'll go in tonight and We'll, you know, ha we'll do a show. You know, we followed the women's tournament. You talk to Gino, REM after he goes to his 24th, final four, he is got confetti in his hair. Like, that's an amazing thing to get to share with somebody. I, I love what I get to do. It's, it's all of, it's insane. The masters is a completely different level of lunacy.


Like when, you know that the, the, it comes on the air and it's a picture and it's whatever it is, it's the Hogan Bridge, or it's, it's the 13th and it's that, that like, the iconic, it's insane. Oh my gosh. Corner that corner. Oh, Right. You can close your eyes and see him in corner, and you hear that, that that sort of melodic piano, and you are the voice that says whatever it is that you have to say, and the masters begins and you are the one doing it. There's no way I can explain the depth of appreciation for the fact that I'm the person sitting in that chair. Yeah. It, it's something I share with my pop. My, my pop died when I was in college. And I'm gonna tell you a quick one about like, so it'll be Thur Thursday at three Eastern.


We'll come on the air. Yeah. You know, you start, you rehearse a little bit. All right. We're gonna show these highlights. Chef Lauren on six and Rory on 10. Okay. We just make, alright. I know how we're gonna come on the air here and at some point in the last minute, all right, I'm sitting there and I'm getting ready. And then there'll be about a 32nd bit where I just sort of get into this zen sort of place where I'm just, my mind is still, my heart is grateful. And I think of my father and I think pop I, it's like, I don't say it out loud, I just think, let me be calm. Let me do my job. Well, let me speak slowly and clearly and let me do my job well.


And I think of him and I think, man, if my father were here, they say a young man that loses his dad early in life spends the rest of his life trying to make him proud. And I know damn sure sitting in that chair that my pop is, is proud of his boy hell. And then we come on the Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Hell yeah. And that last little five seconds, it's like, I swear to God, it's like, time stops for just a second. And I'm like, we good. Here we go. Here we go. And then off you go and you do your job. But I give, I give myself like that very focused attention to that feeling, like what you feel in that moment. And it's just gratitude, just exploding in your soul.


I, and I don't mean for this to sound over, it's be fired up Right now, man. I don't mean for it to sound too goofy or heavy, but it's sincere. It's sincere. It's awesome. And so I'm here and you know, Jim Nance is there, and you know, Jim, it's his show. I'm just there to sort of welcome people on. I, I don't do a hell of a lot of heavy lifting, but that's, that's the gig for the week. That's the main focus of it. Wednesday's my favorite day. I'm doing the par three, the contest this year, which is a blast. It's like, you know, the kids are caddying for their, for their dad. And it's just, yeah, this beautiful day. And it's this minute. The, the this par three course is sort of a miniature version of the big course. It's incredible. The whole thing's incredible.


But there's a lot wrapped up into that week, as you can tell from what I'm sort of saying here. Heck yeah, Man. That's awesome. Getting a lot of knowledge dropped on us Right now. I love it. Yeah. And the masters, all these majors are so, they're so much more, I feel like ramped up because of the split. You get to see these guys coming from all over the world, all over the world, different leagues. If you're the top of the top, you're in these majors, Right? Yeah. So we get to see the guys that were, you know, how we, I mean, don't get me wrong, it's always been like that, but I feel like there's a little bit more excitement when you don't, 'cause you don't get to see, you know, Bryson every single week on the PGA Right Over cap.


Good. Yeah. There's A lot, a lot of big time guys. I think. I think Travis, that, that, I don't know. I don't know what the timeframe is. I think that they'll sort that out. I think we'll get back to a little bit. We've been trying to figure it out for what, two years now, basically. But, Yeah. Well, I mean, the whole thing got real sideways where dudes took money and the PGA tours like that's don't do that. And then the PG tour was like, well, maybe we'll do that too. That's a funny game we play. Oh, well, we got, we gotta compete. Yeah. Yeah. That's an interesting trick. We're we're, I mean, If you imagine being like Rory and you passed on, God only knows how many hundred millions dollars and Then it's a tiger too, right? Didn't Tiger pass on? Yeah. Right. Yeah, I heard numbers. I don't know what the truth is, but I, I'm certain that there were, that there were nine figures involved that much.


I know. Gosh. But the point you make about just not seeing them compete that often, that does make the majors feel a little bit different. But honestly, like, we'll, we do the PGA championship on, on ESPN, we'll be down at Quail Hollow in Charlotte in in May, and that's a great field too. But to me, the star of of the Masters week is not even the players. It's the stage. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's, it's the venue and the feelings associated with the venue. It's going back there every spring. It's the friendships that, that get rekindled, like among, you know, patrons and people that work there. And, you know, it's just the, the whole week is so, so special. So you're right that, that those events have, have added significance, but the masters is just, feels like what it feels like because of the place more than, than who who's competing in it.


Thousand percent. I think golf in general, it's, it's such a sport that's rooted in history. And when you go to a lot of these older venues that have so much history to 'em, that is there in the back of your mind in itself, It almost takes you back in time. What the masters has at the same time is, not only does it have that history, but it's every little meticulous thing is just done in a way that, I don't know, makes it feel just ridiculously special. Sure. To every single person. No, and even like the person serving you beer to the, the, to the, the person you walk by in the clubhouse or whatever. They all just make hospitality. Every single person feel so special that they're at an, an unbelievable place.


And we're all taking this in together. No doubt. And it's, it's, it's just such an awesome place because of that feeling. I feel like. Agreed. And I'm, I've been so lucky going there through, through the years that the, the people that you walk past, well, You know, I, I talk about my, my friend Miss Nadine, she's, she's a security. And years ago I walked past her in her station by the par three course, and I hear this voice say, you look nice. And I stop and I look, and that's Miss Nadine. And so I walk her to Miss Na Nadine, and she, she said, lemme see that tie. And I looked at it, I'm like, okay. And she said, I'm Nadine, I'm Scott. I walked by the next day. She said, come over here. Okay. She's Like, I don't like that tie. Like, Who, Who asked you love?


And she's like, okay. So like, it became love that week. Love every day, love, love. I go by love. And by the end of that week, me and Na, miss Nadine, were like this. Yes. Awesome. I get Christmas cards from her. She gets Christmas cards from Me's Funny. We see each other and we hug. Like every single day I give her a hug. That's my girl, miss Nadine. Like, we've love we've been friends for 20 years. Yes. And that's, so this is a place where there's the, there's this grill where we're allowed to eat this room that, you know, it's the greatest sandwich and fries on a China plate you've ever had in your life. Okay. That's amazing. And years ago, I, you know, is it pimento cheese or what? Well, the Yes, that, that is part of the lore of the place, for sure.


Yeah. But one year I ordered a grilled cheese and bacon with tomato wasn't on the, they just made it. And if I walk in there now, my guy Tony will just gimme a nod and they'll just bring it to me. They know I'm not a member at Augusta National. I'm just some bozo that that's been coming for a few years, but these are my friends. And so that's So awesome, man. They know what to bring me and, you know what I'm saying? Like Yes. That's so cool. That's the level of attention to detail and, and the, the friendships that you, that you revisit every year. And my wife may come down this year or, and I said, I don't care If you see the golf course, I just want you to get, get to hug Miss Nadine. I just, you know, because she knows my family.


Like seriously again, like Christmas cards with, with each other every year. This is so funny. Those are the people that are part of it. And then as you say that the history of a, the actual golf every hole, right? Like 13, you remember when Phil hit it off, the pine straw passed a tree and Yeah. You know, 16, you remember Tiger hits it up and it rolls down the hill and Verne, have you ever in your life in 17 again, Vern, Jack Lau maybe? Yes, sir. I mean, every hole has a picture in a moment in time. I mean, I could keep going. The 10th hole Bubba and a playoff Bubba Watson, dude, that is still the, the most iconic shot I've ever seen in my life. There you go. I have no idea how that lefty hooked that thing that much. Well, BB Bubba's not Bubba can't see a straight shot in his mind.


Like That's Right. Prefer He prefers to have an angle on it. It's actually, it's actually better for him to be in there in a tree and go, all right, if I hook this some bitch 90 yards around a tree, I can, you know what I mean? And so everybody has their shots and their moments, and that to me is what makes, you know, that's what makes it what it is. That's awesome. So you've been working the event for a long time. The first time you were at the Masters, were you a patron or were you working It? Oh, no, I went 97. I was covering it for, I worked for the golf channel at the time, and, you know, you'd never see, and it's amazing, it's amazing Trav how much it's changed. I mean, and, and yet it has this incredible ability to evolve and that, and yet stay timeless.


It's, it's impossible. It's a trick you can't pull off. And yet they do, where everything about it every year feels like it's been this way forever. And yet so much of it has changed in terms of the golf course, how they stretched it out, made holes longer, tougher, ch change this undulation that undulation, whatever. So I mean, like the snapshot of 97, in my mind it feels like the same place. And yet it's, it's so very different. Wow. But they get, they get everything exactly right. Right. Exact every detail is just, is perfect. And I haven't been to everyone since 97. But I mean, there's similarities for you guys maybe with, with with seasons, with football, right?


When, when you are in a sport and you do something every year, and then like you, there's a, there's a pace to the season, and then there's your off season, and then the next thing you know, it's like, all right, we're back in OTAs, and then we're in camp, and then the season starts again. And it's like, it feels like time's not passing in some ways. And so, like, I was just at Augusta in my mind only I wasn't, I mean, it was a year ago, and I'll be back there and the, it'll be master's week. And you think to yourself, oh, it's probably been three or four years since that. And then you go, oh, shit, that was 15 years ago. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, it can't possibly be almost 30 years since I was there with Tiger in 97. Holy cow. But we're damn near there. And that's where I, that's where I just look at myself and go, good lord.


Like how, how lucky are you to be able to keep doing this? And so cool. So it's, it's crazy how, again, how time passes and yet when you're there, it feels like time hasn't moved. We're all fricking excited for this year's, and I know you'll kick it off. Right? Big guy, Jason, man, I know you got a newborn, but I might slide down there for a Sunday finish. Don't do it without me. I don't, I might just, I wanna go screw Wander Right now. Come on now. Come on now. I, I know some people that know some people. There we go. If you left your boy at home, would he, he would, he would not be pleased with that, would he? Jason, just bring the, bring the baby. Come On, Travis. That baby is surviving off of mom.


I cannot offer anything to that baby. How's that go? How's that? Let's, let's just, just, let's workshop this, let's workshop this conversation, boys. We're three semis, smartt people. Okay? How do we tell, how do we, how do we play that? How do we say, Hey, listen, we're just gonna gonna leave you alone with, with Mosey down there. I I, I've tried and I've, and I've failed Mosey. I think Moeys the key. I Think it's not, I'm not going. I'm just gonna mosey on. No, I'm just, just gimme, just gimme a Day and then I'll zip zip right back. Mosey and zip. It's a mosey and zip scenario. Just go down right back. You know, I back. Yeah. I mean, do you Know, we know folks Mentos. Yeah. Few Eagle Nest. What are they? The the beers? Are they Eagle Nest? What? I forget what It was. Good Little azalea.


People enjoying Azalea. There You go. Aza. I Already tried float. I already tried floating. And I was like, You know, I, You know, I like, you know, a lot of, a lot of dads, you know, they, they got jobs, they gotta work and they can't, You know, I feel like I'm just gonna be one day and then I'm right back. Yeah. And then I'm, now I have anything else. You know, I, Scott Needs help for the par three. Scott's doing the par three. He can't do it by himself. That's Right. That's Right. You've seen him on tv. He can barely form a sentence. He can Barely speak coherently. We need him. Come on. It's not, it is not going well. It is not going well so far. I'm sweating just thinking about this conversation again. Yeah, that's sometimes you gotta just know it's that what you can and can't pull off. Hey, by the way, he mentioned just this in passing, we play golf, your brother, his practice swing, like the divot pattern that, are you familiar with the flank steak size divot?


This man takes out of the earth. Ridiculous. Right? Why are You doing that? On the tee box swing on a par five, Jason. And we played, we played on a day where it rained really heavily. And so the ground was super sort of Oh yeah. It was not firm. And so those practice swings. You'd look up and be like, this is like a full yard of sod in the air, and that's just a practice swing. I'm like, well, you're gonna have to hit the ball here. We're gonna have a trench here where we can carry a squirrel. Man. Big fa, he's got a nice, nice swing though, obviously a lot of power involved. Big, big dude. Big dude. These, the line details, he has a better swing for a lot of the old linemen that I've come across, the shoulders and the neck and the torso area.


They're just, they're meant to be right here. They're not meant to, they're not meant to turn as much that Well, that's, that's I'm saying Well, that sh that left shoulder behind the ball, that's important. And he's Exactly. It's hard when you have like that sort of, it's all fused together. Yeah. Your tempo though. Your depo is, I I mean, you can really swing at it. Trav, you can swing At, you can. Oh No, Trav, he's got a Great swing. I can get, I can get it going a little bit. I I'll be, I'm trying to get a little bit more 'cause I get outta whack. So I'm trying to, you know what the key for eliminating variables agreed. And the key for the big guy is to recognize that if, if, like, If you draw, If you drew a line from the ball back to the top, back to the bottom, for a tall guy, it's a mile long.


Yeah. So I think the, I always think John Rom, and it doesn't need to be as abbreviated as John Rom, but you also don't need to wrap that son of a gun around your neck because Yeah. Like Chance Daley Square, we Don't gotta do the John Daley. Yeah. Really difficult. But If you just turn to the point, if your should's behind it, you all you gotta do is get back to the bottom and you're gonna be, you're gonna knock it a long way. Your swing's really good though. I appreciate that. What's your handicap? Come On, Trev. I shoot in the, I shoot in the, probably low to mid eighties, but you can, so I'm like A 10. If you got a cooking, you're like, you're thinking I might, maybe I might could shoot something that started with a seven, right? Yeah. Right. That's, that's what I thought. You're Good if you're, if you're shooting something that starts with a seven, you're a good golfer. No, you're beyond, you're 99th percentile.


Right? Seriously. Yeah. I'm dead serious. I always get a kick outta people that like, like reverse sandbaggers. Like, people that sandbag that say, oh, I'm probably like a 12. And then they shoot 75. You're like, that's bullshit. Yeah. But people that say, oh no, I'm, I'm like a nine. And then they go shoot a hundred, you're like a nine. What, What would you rather have? Would you rather have the guy sandbagging it or the undershooting it? That's a good Question. That's actually a really good question. But I, the guy that says he's at 14, that goes to some member guest and shoots 75, that's very, very poorly looked upon. So I'd say so I think, I think, I think the person that says that they're a 12, that shoots 108, like that, you can live with that.


Like, oh, I just had a bad day. Well, no, you actually, you have a bullshit 12 is what you, that's, and there are a lot of those. But don't be, I don't be the sandbag. Don't be a sandbagger. That's funny. That's bad, bad. Look, man, let's Go back to when you started ESPN. How about that? I'm happy to do it. Joined In 2001. How old were you when you first joined at ESPN? Well, let's do the math. I'm, I'm, I'm 58, so what did that put me in 2001? I was, I'm not good at math. I was 20, 35. Five ish. Yeah. 35 ish something. 35 thirties. Yeah. Nice. And you were with Golf Channel up until then? I was, I was, I mean, I told you the story about like having the note, I wouldn't work in s pn, but it was kind of, I, a lot of life is this right?


Sort of serendipitous, like a guy named Jimmy Roberts, who actually is a Maryland guy and was at ESPN covering golf, left to go to NBC and that was in the middle of Tiger woods's com. Just laying waste to all humanity in the game. I mean, he was breaking records, you know, winning every major and ESPN really kind of needed a guy that had an in with Tiger. Sure I was that guy. There we go. Yeah, I mean, literally Ty, my entire career exists because of Tiger Woods. That is a fact. And, and maybe I could have found some of this without him, but I almost certainly not. And so I went in 2001 because ESPN really kind of needed a golf guy.


And I lived down in Orlando at the time, and I stayed in Orlando and I was covering golf and a little bit of this, that, and the other thing. So that, that was when it started. That's so cool. What was your first day at ESPN? Like, do you remember? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I, I, I remember it vividly because I was, we were in Australia to cover a golf tournament. It was the mat world match play, and we're in Australia. This is actually cool, I'm, I can picture it, it as clear as day we were gonna follow a Syracuse basketball game and we're just waiting for it to end. And I'm sitting in like this, it's like a tent. When you cover, when you're doing a golf event, you know, they build these little, you've seen 'em, If you go to a, like a major or whatever, like a, it's a TV compound with, you know, your, you're outdoors, but there's a tent over the top of it.


And I'm sitting there with my guy Andy North, and when the game ends, there used to be this like, and you guys are ESPN heads. Like there was this animation that like, it was like sort of a circle and it says ESPN and there's this, there's this voice that says, this is a presentation of ESPN, the worldwide leader in sports. And that's like I told you about the master's moment where I'm waiting to talk. Yeah. Well this is 2001 and I've never done it. And I'm like, oh shit, I have to talk and it's me and I'm on espn. You know what I'm saying? It's, that's, it got as real as it could get. And I'm just like, don't talk fast. Don't freak out.


This is what you do. You can do it. Only I got news for boys. Yes. I kind of couldn't do it like that at that point. Ooh. And yeah, so I'm, I'm in a tent in Australia with Andy North at the, at the World Match play. And that's the first event I did. And then the next, it was a two week thing. 'cause we went from there to KAA to do what used to be the Mercedes. And I'm doing a two week junket in Australia and Hawaii, and I'm like, bro, your boy's on ES espn and I am living Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, this is a good introduction. It's Australia, it's Maui. And, and it's like, life is good. I'm way Deep, bro, and this is real, real good. Look at your boy. Then that's how, that's how it started.


And then it was actually a really unfortunately sobering moment because I, it's, I come home and I'm sitting in my house one day, it's February and it was the Daytona 500. And I get a phone call from ESPN that says, Hey Scott, we we're, we're getting word that, that Dale Earnhardt might've died in this crash. And I'm like, oh, that's awful. Yeah. Holy cow. And then they said, I'm, I'm not processing this right. And there's, we need you to go there. And I'm thinking, wow. I mean, I had only done golf, right? And so I had just done these golf events, which was a very familiar space for me. And now all of a sudden I'm hopping in the car, driving up to Daytona to cover as big a story as there could be in the sports world.


And that's where it was a real reality check of the, like you're in the deep end of the pool, man. And yeah. And, and I, I re I remember vividly SportsCenter started that night with a report from me at Daytona, given the news that, that Dale Earnhardt had died. And it was, it went from like everything's whatever to the reality of what the stage you were on and, and the fact that you were covering everything. And then, you know, obviously from there there's, there's far less serious stories, but you added more to the plate as as time went on. Yeah. Holy cow. I mean, that's a heck of a switch up. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Australia, Maui, and now I'm Dale Earnhardt.


Yeah. Is is gone. But yeah, from my perspective as, alright, can I do this? It was, you're not gonna be asked to, to cover something more significant than that. And I was able to do it and then it was just a recognition of, alright, you're, you're in a different place now than at the golf channel where you just go on to the next, you know, tour stop. And, you know, that was all that we were gonna do. And then, you know, as I say, it was more you do some NBA things like Tracy McGrady and Shaq and people like that were where the magic at the time you'd do some of that. And it was just around that summer was when they said, Hey, we want you to come up and maybe do some SportsCenter. Yeah. And I was like, all right, I can do that. And then I went, get, then, then the next thing you know, it's like, Hey, we want you to move up here and do it.


And I'm, yeah, I mean, leaving Orlando where it was 75 and sunny every day for Bristol was, that was, that was a different kind of reality check. Like, who, what am I doing? Sure, sure. That was a rough adjustment initially. Speaking of an adjustment, like going from the golf channel where you're obviously just doing golf, then all of a sudden you're doing all this stuff. Was there anybody at ESPN that kind of you, the ropes and taught you, I don't know how to now cover everything. I mean, I, I don't think I had as much of a sort of a, of a guide as much as I just, there's, there's a person and, and you would know this name 'cause you know him. And he is the guy that's now in charge of, of all things at ESPN, a guy named Mike McQuaid.


He's a behind the scenes guy who's just been as instrumental in, in helping me get where I am as anyone. Just what he did, what he did, Jason, was he basically just said, you know what to do, just go do it. And Yeah. And was great with feedback. We don't, you told me something when we played golf that day. You said, I I like being coached. Yes. And I thought, that's great news because not everybody does. Everyone says they want feedback. You know what feedback they want. They want grab ass, you're awesome attaboy. Yeah. They don't want, Hey, that's bullshit. That what? That you can't do this. That was bad. Here's why this sucked, but that's what you need. And, and having a guy like that, that was really helpful in just trusting, trusted that I would do the work and put in the work and wherever the bumpy spots were, I'd figure him out.


He was great from a behind the scenes standpoint. But then, you know, as I mentioned, you know, Stuart Scott was awesome and we had this, we had this kind of admiration from afar because he, he and Tiger were boys and I was as well. And So we had kind of seen each other from across the aisle. And then when I came, I had kind of the, the endorsement from Tiger with Stewart and then I, I was an a CC guy from Maryland. He was a Carolina guy, and we had that kind of common thing. And then he and I just found this rhythm with one another that was really helpful from a SportsCenter standpoint. But I mean, I've been so lucky with people that I worked with from like, and if I start naming people, I'll leave him off. But like Stewart was big, Neil Everett was a partner of mine that I worked with a ton.


And he's just like, that's my brother forever. So I've, I've just been so lucky that the people that I've sort of shared the set with and you know, traveled with and worked with were all great teammates that helped, helped elevate me that hopefully I helped make them the best version of them. And you kind of ham and egg it, but, you know, it wasn't like we had a, you know, sit, sit down and here's, here's this and here's that and here's the other. They just kind of trust you to figure stuff out. And what you don't, you know, they're gonna help nudge you back towards the center. Well, the, I'll tell you what man, the, the ESPN commercials alone, come on now, made that place seem like the coolest workplace of all time. Outside of the, the cameos of the superstars that were, you know, in the NFL, the NBA and all that, the cast of SportsCenter men and women, I mean, we talked about 'em already.


Rich Eyes and Dan Patrick, the Swami, Chris Berman, yeah. Yes. Linda Cohen, Steve Levy, Stewart Scott, you, like you said, we're leaving off way too many, but how fun was that to go into work? Like, did you guys actually have cubicles? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So so this was actually like, you guys were just hanging out with each other and just talking sports, I would assume. Yeah, I mean the, the, and creating the show before, Right, and I mean, I, you know, Dan and Keith made SportsCenter something different. They took it to a different place. I think Berman's the godfather Bob Lee as well, obviously. But then Dan and Keith took it to a thing where it was different.


And then Stewart and and Rich were a, a big time team and you know, they had a lot of us that kinda worked together and you, you'd team up with different people at different times. But then the idea was If you could create, you know, people that work together quite a bit, then you create chemistry, which makes a ton of sense, right? Like right, yeah. You, you become like an O line. There's a synergy you got to, yeah. And hey, I could slide out the tackle if I need to, but if, if we can get some reps together, we can make this a thing. And so honestly, I mean, and it's still like that and it's different. I'm down in DC and I'm not in a cubicle and, you know, sitting next to, you know, rich or Stewart or whomever back in the day. But it's the same idea. Like, I'm gonna go in and watch games and then I do a show.


It's a joke. My dad was, my dad worked for a plumbing company. I always say this, he wore boots to work. You know, I, I wear Far Gamos and a little light dusting of powder on the head. I mean, that's what I wear to work. And I just watch games all night. It's absurd. And so I think what the, what the genius of those ads kind of captured was that it like people, like this is what it's like, like well yeah, I'm not actually sitting in LeBron's chair and a throne, but it's like that. And you know, the cool thing about like that spot is it's, and he was only recently, it's like still a joke that we go back to. Yeah. Like I saw when he was on with you about, you know, the, the, he's about when he, this, this fuckery won't continue and then, and now he's 40 and he is like, yeah, when I'm, when I'm 50, like, I mean I saw him reference that, like the idea that holy smokes, like he's still doing this at that age.


He was a baby when he did that ad with me. And so now we can kind of still reference it and, You know, I got a note from his folks like, you know, clutch folk. Like I was texting back and forth with, with Rich Paul about, I said, you know, what's cool is like, we've both been doing this for 20 some odd years and can still kind of do it. I'm not comparing myself as an anchor to LeBron James, but we're, But but, but we're still in, we're still in that respective place and we can still, you know, play at a certain level. You're still in the biggest spots. And that's kind of, of TV of the, that's kind of cool going back to who he was as a 21 2-year-old, maybe at the time when we did it might've been, he might've just been 20 when we did that spot.


'cause I joked with him, I said, You know, I, I think when you and I did that ad I might've been around 40 and I, that was right around the, the age when I realized there was stuff physically I kind of couldn't do. And you're 40 and there's nothing like, what is it you're doing? You know what I mean? Like, how are you still this guy? He's not human. He's a freaking nature. My favorite one other than the LeBron one was me and Stewart we're with Arnold Palmer. And all the, the ad is 15 seconds and it's Arnold in the cafeteria and Arnold Palmer makes an Arnold Palmer, a little ice tea, a little splash of lemonade, no words are said. Then he walks off and it's me and Stuart Scott. And all we say is, that was awesome. Yeah. And Stuart's like, I know.


Yeah, it's perfect. And it's a 15 second spot. And that was, that's it. And so it's like, is this whats ESPN is like, I like, yeah, kind of. We just kind of sit in our cubes, go to the cafeteria again, Arnold's not there making an Arnold Palmer, but that, that ad was just, well, I thought was just genius. Yeah, that was, that's probably my favorite one. So simple. Yep. So you just talked about LeBron has obviously changed or still in the same space with you. You've been in the sports world for a long time. How have you seen athletes change? Has interviewing athletes gotten better or worse? It's interesting the you guys doing this and, and you know, you were straddling the back end of your career.


Jason Trav, thankfully, run it back. I like That. That's great news. Still, still in it. Let's do it. There's a clear understanding among athletes that you own your voice and you are in charge of your voice and you have agency over yourselves to, to share that voice the way you want to. And I think it's been great for people to learn about athletes in a different way. Share your lives as much as you're willing to share, share your lives with the public. And that's tricky, right? You gotta pick how much of it for sure. How much, how much of them do you want to know about your new baby, by the way, I didn't say congrats and I didn't thank you. Thank God bless you. That's awesome. But that, that, that's a tricky thing. And it's, it's up to you to decide how much you wanna share it with people because athletes have a space that, that they control the, not the narrative, but what it is, the narrative.


It's their narrative. It's, it's very different. And you guys joked about it a couple years ago, Jason, you're still playing for Philly. And we'd, I thought, we're gonna talk to you. And then you had cramps and they sent somebody else out. And I think I said on SportsCenter, I thought we were talking to Kelsey, but I guess he wants to save the content for the podcast. And I, I was just joking. I was, but then you guys, you know, you guys covered it. Yeah. Drive had my back. Like, how you gonna blow off SVP like that? Which you didn't, You don't, you don't ever Do that, which you didn't. But I think what I'm saying is, I think that it is interesting that If you have something impactful and important that you wanna say, you wanna say it on your platform the way you wanna say it.


But I do think what I have with, with athletes is a, a, a trust. I think people respect that. I respect them and know that I'm not trying to, you know, you're not gonna get got, like, it's not what that's about. I'm trying to have a genuine conversation and I'm interested in, in the things that are related to the competition. And I think I'm good at having con conversations that can pull out the, the emotions and, and the answers that are related to that, that are interesting to me and the audience. I still think we can have those conversations, even If you have a lane that you want to be the driver of that content.


I get it. So it's different, but I also think it's made guys and, and men and women more comfortable in talking about themselves in a way that it's maybe less guarded when you do have the conversations. Does that make sense? For sure. There's just, there's a tonage of of voices and content out there these days. And so I've done it long enough that I don't, I don't meet strangers. If that makes sense. Even if we haven't talked, I've done it long enough that I'm not saying this to be an asked, but I mean, you probably have some idea who I am and I know who you are. So we're not, even if we've never talked, we're, we're familiar with each other. And hopefully you're familiar with the way I approach things.


Absolutely. Always a pros pro. How many, I gotta ask you though, of the four major sports that you typically cover, even though it, it goes far beyond that, which athletes give you the best post game answers? I think hockey guys, there's a, there's, there's a sincerity to hockey guys and I and I, they fascinate me 'cause I've, I can't skate. I, these guys will play through like a severed limb. Yeah. What they're willing to go through is beyond my comprehension. Like I get, you know, dude's gotta take a shot to be available in your availability, your best abilities. I appreciate what you guys put through yourselves, through rather, but hockey guys just totally fascinate me.


Like, there's guys whose mouths their teeth, it looks look like they ate a fucking grenade and they're still playing. Like, So what a passage. They brag about it, Right? How did, what are you doing? If that happened to me, I'd be incapacitated for a week. And they're like out there for the next shift. Yeah. So there's a, a curiosity I have about them and I I I'm not talking about them. I like they're zoo animals. Like what are you? But it's a little No, they are, they are, they're zoo animals for sure. They're zoo animals. They just, I I played golf once with, with Oshi and Carlson, a couple of capitals here in Town. Oh my. Yeah. And Oshi blame man had literally, he had literally just had surgery on, on like a sports hernia a week before, before.


And him and Carlson are talking about that moment when you're passing out from the, from the anesthesia about like that, that last couple of seconds. And they were talking about it with joy in their eyes before they go under for surgery. And I, I, I couldn't get over just how those dudes are wired, man. So I different breed man. Hockey guys fascinate me. Those are the guys I enjoy the most. 'cause I have the least understanding of them. There's a whole way they talk too that's like mesmerized. Like the, the verbiage they use and there's like, half of them are aren't even Americans, right? They, they're Canadians or they're from overseas and Russia, whatnot. Right. There's like, there's slang to it and, And everybody's got a nick, you know, everybody's, it's, no one's just Jason or Travis.


It's, you know, it's Jbo and Jen. You know, everyone's, you gotta, I'm I'm doing a shitty job of what the nick gets. No, that's good. Like they call Wayne gr Oh, Wao. That's me and Steve. Every time we bring up Wao, like this is is the greatest player that's ever played. And the Canadian guys talk about skating down the ice side by each like side, by each o Okay, I get it. You're you're next to each other. There's it is, there's a different language. And the boys and the room, the way they talk about the room, I, that's my favorite thing. The, the, it's the locker room, but the room, the way they talk about it, it's like a sacred place. Oh yeah. And you guys know it 'cause you live it. But the hockey guy's room is a whole other level and there's nothing like it.


You know, last year I talked to Paul Maurice after they won the, the Florida Panthers won. Yep. And he gave the greatest answer I asked, you know, you've spent your life in pursuit of, of this thing and now you've done it. And in what way does that change your life? He took this really deep pause and then he gave this sincere thing. He said, I hope it doesn't, I hope I've lived my life in a way where it won't change me. And, and then he says, but next year when we go to camp, I'm gonna skate the hell out of the boys. 'cause I got carte blanche. You know, it was like, yeah, it was, it was this surreal, sincere moment. But then right back to the way that he's gonna give the boys a hard time. I don't know, hockey guys, again, I'm being redundant, but they, they're mind boggling. Different breed, Man. No, I'm right with you.


And I think anybody who's been in a ice rink or you know, a hockey locker room, you know, the, the culture of hockey, especially in the, in the good spots is, you know, nobody's, nobody's put on a pedestal. Everybody is like, the moment you think you're gonna be like a pretentious or like prima donna, you can't survive in that sport. Right? No. Like, it's all about doing stuff for your team. We had the K Chuck brothers on their dad obviously played. I saw that in, in the league for a number of years. And there's one rule, there's two rules. Were be a good teammate and work hard. Right. That and that's like sums up who these guys are life. Yeah. Right? Yeah. That's, but that's life. Like whoever's listening, the 92 Percenters, that's it.


Be a good teammate and work hard. Yeah. But then I'm just trying to imagine what it is to be a guy and, and to understand that there's gonna come a time when you gotta go out there in the ice and you skate up to that dude next to you and you just look at the guy and you go, you want to go? Yeah. And, And you gotta say Yep. Down, Down and then down, go down, go the gloves and like you wanna go. I mean, it's like an invitation. It's like, Hey, you wanna go get some lunch? And I like, no, you want me to punch you in the head and that, but there's an invite and then you gotta, and If you don't accept that invite, you know? Yeah. And then even If you can't fight, even If you get mopped, the boys are gonna give you a stick tap because you know it was your turn to go.


I, again, that's, that's not, it's not a space I'm, I'm familiar with. It's so epic. Steve Levy never once came up to me and asked me to fight. That never, never happened. There's a, there's a weird thing in like a lot of hockey players' eyes where I feel like If you punch most people in the face Yep. They'd get pissed. Like they're gonna look at you and they're gonna like, there's gonna be a look of anger. I feel like If you punch a hockey guy in the face, they would smile. Which I like, it's almost like this like weird mentality with some of these sports. Like hockey, I think rugby players are similar there and there's certainly some football players like this where it's like, it it, it's almost like you wanna get punched in the face. It's weird. But I, I've seen like when, when DBA DBS and wide receivers get at it and you grab the, you grab the face mask and dudes are swinging and then it's more like lunchroom.


Like, like let's separate me and then let's get mad. Yeah. Where like if, but like you punched Sean Carlson in the head and he would be like, come on. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like all you did was light that fuse buddy and you're not It's what I wanted. Exactly. You're Not ready for what's coming. You're Not ready. Nobody's pulling us back. Yeah. You guys are getting me fired up for some playoff hockey here. Hell Yeah. I love it. That, that time of year is great. Like postmasters. And I get like, then it gets back into a great flow of you got, you know, one night you follow the Stanley Cup, the next night you follow, you know, NBA playoffs and it's just, there's a, there's a great cadence to this time of the year as we get to the, to the spring. You ain't lying.


Now a moment brought to you by American Express, What's your favorite type of cuisine? Travis Cuisine? I'm a, I'm like an American cuisine kind of guy. Yep, Yep, yep. Okay. There's certain cities that you think the food is better in New York. Way to be super creative with your answer. I mean, Jason, you can get anything you want in the world in New York. I Mean, it's good. I'm not gonna lie. New York's very good. I think Philly's got good food too. Philly's got great food. You know, it's a really good food town, especially for anybody born in the Midwest. Chicago. Chi's got great food. It does. Here's some good news for the foodies out there with amax Platinum, you get access to global dining access by resi when you add your platinum card to your resi profile So you can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations come up. There You go. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with amex.


Thank you to our partner Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. That's right. Like, you know, to check expiration dates before cooking, Like, you know, to, you know, check If you have your keys before closing the Door, like, you know, to check the weather before heading to the beach. That'd be a good idea. Good idea. Like, like how you have to check If you have your wallet before heading out to dinner. Mm, sometimes yeah. Sometimes you check to make sure you didn't bring it. It's a vet move. Ah, this one's on you. I'll get you back next time. Well, Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds of dollars. That's right. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Thank you Intuit TurboTax for sponsoring today's Episode. Hey Trav, do you remember when you told people to do their taxes? Mm. No, but I can, I can see myself saying that. Well, here's A clip. Why don't we play this for everyone to see? Make Sure you do your taxes. Yeah. And we still mean it because April 15th is coming up fast. You need to get your taxes done by then. So listen, we all know taxes can be complicated, especially when you're trying to handle them yourself. But With TurboTax full service, you get an actual expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention while you focus on what matters to you. So while your tax expert crunches numbers, you can be living your PE life on a beach somewhere sipping a drink with one of those tiny umbrellas, a hole, while getting a real time update on their progress. And These experts are on it. They'll find every possible deduction and handle every form, every investment, literally everything. Get a TURBO TAX live expert who can file your taxes for you as soon as today and get you the biggest possible refund because that's the reward of doing this the right way. Now This is Taxes Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. Now do your taxes.


Well let's keep this cadence in in the show going. We got one last segment for you. Big guy. We call this one, we gotta ask, we close every convo out with a little, we gotta ask and you don't have to answer and you can basically either answer the question or tell me and Jason to go fuck off. First one off the board. What is your greatest personal athletic achievement? I play a par three tournament every summer at the beach. It's a little course called Some Bethany. Well, this, this Yes. We're I that's where our family's been for years. Sorry, I don't know if we wanna That's Quite Alright. Disclose this. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody in town knows where we live. Come by and say hi, you happy. Look forward to seeing you. It's, it's north of there.


There's Dewey Beach and then there's a little town called Lewis Delaware. And Lewis Delaware has a par three course called the Midway Par three. Me and my boys have been playing a tournament there every year forever. I'm proud to tell you, last year your boy won it in a playoff over a guy that actually over Thank you. Thank you. Over, yes. Over a guy who actually playoff man, actually his at the University of Maryland beat him in a playoff with a birdie. And then I sent a pic. I'm not trying to name drop or whatever, this is just actually me making fun of what an idiot I am. I sent a pic, I sent a picture to Scotty Scheffler, who has won some tournaments. I'm like, you know what buddy? You never won this. And it's a picture of me holding up the trophy.


Oh My gosh. Our buddy runs a bar down there called the Starboard. It's our guy Monte. And like every year the winner of this tournament gets put up on this. On the, on the, oh yeah. The video board outside the starboard. And so seeing my, my smiling face holding that trophy, that's, that's as good as it's gonna get boys. It's pretty much down here hill from there. But I did win in midway last summer. Defending champ. Actually, you know what? Not defending 'cause no one can take it away from me. I'm the reigning champ, bitch. Reigning champ. What? Yeah, baby. Come get it. The reign That's right in you. Another one ing midway Dingle champion. Bad. That's it. Thrown this man. Alright, you tweeted this at the New Heights account. Please elaborate. How close did you or Mark Schlareth come to shitting your pants on air?


Okay, so, alright, let's just say Mark sch lath. Shout to stink. My guy. Yes. I, I taught him how to, to tie his tie and, and like it should have been a, a sports commercial. I taught him how to get that great dimple in the middle of his tie. And he, to this day, we, we love laughing about that. But this was a, this was a story. Show me a man who says he has to shit his pants. I'll show you a liar. Has it happened on air? I explained Mark Schlareth is familiar with it. So there was a day where I was having a rough day, had a little, had a little bubble, a little gurgle in the belly. A little bad tummy. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm said to stink, buddy, there's a decent chance that while we're sitting out here, I might shit my pants and stink says to me, oh, it's fine.


It's fine. You just need to put some leaves in the gutter. I'm like, excuse me, I like what you don't know leaves in the gutter. I'm like, what's leaves in the gutter? He's like, you just take a big giant ball of toilet paper and you ball it up and you put it in your ass crack. And then while you're sitting, and then while you're sitting there, you know, in your boxers you just, you got, it's basically like a, like a diaper of sorts because you're making a, a grown, grown man's diaper. I wasn't get a full on shit, my pants. There's gonna be just a short leakage kind of a moment. Just that, that, is this a fart? Oh, it's hot. No, that wasn't a fart. And so I had leaves in the gutter and then that night this gets better. It's a provo we we're doing, he's there to do analysis on say, the Thursday night game for arguments sake.


It's the Steelers and the Bengals. I don't remember, but I say it because a lot of what we do are inside jokes. I said, you know, stink tonight, the Steelers defense, man, they, they bo they really, they they bottled up that run for the Bengals, like leaves in the gutter and, and stink barely can get through the segment because I'm talking about the ball up toilet paper and my butt crack that he shared with me. And I'm happy to say I did not need the leaves in the gutter. But fellas, safety first, maybe Ladies, when in doubt If you need to go leaves in the gutter, there's a pro tip from Mark Schlareth to me to You. And That's the story of how Scott Van Pelt almost shit his pants on tv.


That's cool. Wow. I didn't know If you were gonna That's great that I didn't know if we were gonna get into that, but that's, that's a true story. There we go. I'm stealing that too. Too gutter. I'm saying everybody that leaves in the gutter. Hey, it's shout out to stink. It Happens. And if you're, If you got a little gurgly belly, you wanna make sure that would be a real bad problem If it, If it happened without the leaves in the gutter. Yeah, for sure. What do you watch outside of sports Scott? This is a Bone of contention with Stanford, Steve. Nothing. I have so many shows I know I'm supposed to watch. He's like, you gotta watch. And Steve is a, is a consumer of content. He is. He's up on all the great shows.


And then he says, he's like, bro, white Lotus. And then he shows me the White Lotus scene where Goggins characters talking to the dude about Lady Boys. And I'm Like, this shit's so crazy. I'm like, this is the show I'm supposed to watch. Like my man's going through it. Oh yeah. And yeah, like that, that's a, that's a tough on-ramp for a show if like, well this is, what's this? He's like, oh, it's a resort. Like what kind of resort is, is it? So I really, I have, I have three young kids. Maybe this, this is sad, but it's true. I just really love sports. And if I have free time and there's a game on, I find myself watching it A 'cause I like it. And B, 'cause it's my job to kind of be aware of what's going on.


And so I largely, I don't think I've watched anything like immersed in it since Breaking Bad. And that hasn't been on the air in years. Ooh. Yeah. It's been a while. That's a good One though. I'm really, really bad at this. 'cause I know what I'm supposed to know and I can kind of passively bullshit my way through a white lotus or a severance conversation. Like I saw you talking to, to, to ban about waffles and all this stuff. And I know what it's about, but only vaguely. And that's always bad. It's like If you only speak like a little bit of Spanish and people are talking Spanish and you're just nodding and you're like, Biblioteca. Yeah. CTOs, that's shoes, right?


I I I'm that guy that knows like eight words in Spanish. That's what I, that's what I'm able to do when it comes to TV shows. Yeah. And I always say I'm gonna do it, but I'm not gonna lie to anybody anymore. I'm probably not gonna watch any of this. And that's, that's my own fault. But that's where I'm at. Well, what about TV shows about sports? What about like Ted Lasso? I was in that No big deal. Yeah, Yeah, definitely. There We go. No, that, that was actually really cool. This is this and you had Jason on and he broke the news about that, which was cool. Yeah. I was told, Hey, Jason Sudeikis wants to talk to you. I said, what about I like, well, he wants, they they want, they're gonna do this show and they, he wants to talk to you about it. I said, well, just tell him. I'll just, I'll just do it. Whatever it is, it's fine. It's a cameo. No big deal. Yeah, no, he really wants to talk to you. Okay.


So I end up on the phone with Sudeikis and we end up talking for like an hour about life and how we had, we held a lot of similar views about gratitude and all the stuff I was kind of talking about. Yeah. Jason is awesome and what a cool man. What a great dude. What a fun guy to talk to. Yeah. And he just wanted me, it was really important to him that I understood what this guy was about and then how much they wanted me to be sort of the guy that set the tone in that very first episode with the sports center thing about this coach that's gonna go over. And I'm like, sure, Of course. But what I got out of it was this really, really meaningful conversation with this guy right before this thing became this phenomenon.


And so, yeah, it was really neat because Jason, you mentioned when you brought me on, it was nice. Like I've been nominated a lot. I've been nominated like eight times for an Emmy. I have never won one. Well, when they won, everything come, I'm like, Hey man, I was in an episode. Do I get a, do I get a a trophy? I like, how's this work? I get that right. You told me how important it was for me to be part of it. Like I was in one, like how far down the line of credits do we go? I was kidding. I didn't, I didn't really want one. I'm not that thirsty. But no, that's, anyway, was that's hard to ask. It was hard to ask. It was, it was cool that he asked me to be part of that and that he had this sincere want for me to understand what it was about. So anyway, no, like I watched, I did watch Ted Lasso the wife and I watched that.


I think that's the sweet spot for me. I need something that's about that long that you can kind of watch on demand when you know you're not refereeing wwe e between the boys in the basement. I love it. Do you have a favorite sport to watch? Whatever's, whatever's On. Well, I wouldn't say that. Like I love college basketball. I love the tournament. Yeah. When the Stanley Cup is on, I'm, I'm mesmerized by that. Like playoff hockey overtime is the most tense thing there is because, so good at any moment the game just ends. And then when I'm watching that, I'm like, there's nothing that's cooler than this. But then like, look, college football, you turn it on. If it's a big, big 10 game, a big SEC game, whatever, whatever league, I don't care.


But, but then like when we're at Monday Night Football and it's, you know, a couple years ago when, you know, when Philly came to to Arrowhead, like it felt you knew what that, that the stakes were high for a regular season night. There was juice that was real. That's hard to fab, hard to manufacture. So I guess what I'm saying is I'm, I'm real, which whichever way the wind blows the, the place that I'm at Right now, I'm just, I love that and I love baseball. It's just that it gets, you know, by August and we're dragging, you know, it's Yep. You, you're just waiting for football to kick at that point. But then when we get to the playoffs, man, playoff baseball's incredibly intense too, so, oh, it's, yeah, I, I, I'm, I'm like you all man. I, I grew up with it. I love it. And whenever we got tonight, I'm, I'm excited 'cause something will happen that I don't know is gonna happen.


Yes. Well, one last question for you, big guy, what are your Mount Rushmore of SportsCenter top 10 plays? The all time greatest plays ever Of you, of yours have to put you on the spot of yours that you just off. Yeah. What? Yeah, for me. Yeah. Yes. Things that happened to me though, or things I did on SportsCenter Can be, or Things I saw, things I called. There you go Bro. Your boy's done That is just tell us to fuck off. Just tell us to fuck off. This is what you just tell us to fuck off. Fuck off. Thank you. Stop. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm holding people.


This brain is mush and I've done a lot of shows, man. I, I, You know, I don't know. I don't, you Told us already so many fucking golden stories man. Thank you for your time, brother. We appreciate you. Hey listen, continued success in all things boys. You guys, you know It. Yeah. Be, be grateful for, for what we get to do. I know you guys are and, and do, but I think it's important that people hear that, you know, for sure. That Burg story I told her I just, I'm, I'm sincere about it. You know, the going to the masters, being present, being grateful. I just think that's a great sort of place to stay. I try my best. That's, I love, I love what you guys have. I love the bond. I love you guys sharing your lives with people 'cause they're interested and you know, it's fun to stop in and say hello.


So keep doing what you guys are doing. You're The best brother. Complete honor to have you on. Scott, thank you so much. Thank you dude. You're The best. Alright. Fuck. Fuck off Scott Van Pelt. Everyone. That's fucking gold, man. How awesome was that Dude Told you, man, the guy's the best. It just felt like we were in the living room and he was just speaking the gospel to us. Like telling us like the stuff that his father said, the, the how. He still dude, just an all time great dude. He's just an all timer man. Can tell a story like nobody else, man. Ain lying and yeah. I mean, leaves in the gutter forever.


Leaves in The gutter.


Let's keep it moving. Let's Get to some no dumb questions. Brought to you by perplexity. That's right. We've spent most so much time on this show looking up answers. We are now sponsored by a search engine. How about that? Shout out to perplexity. Discover fast and reliable search with Perplexity today. From m Notam. Questions, If you could make one of your body parts detachable, which would it be and why? Detachable. It's a very weird question. M I'll wait for you to answer first. What would I wanna be? Detachable? I don't know. Maybe my ears so I wouldn't have to hear people. That's What I was, I was thinking too. You can right away just like I'm Nose, nose, nose. 'cause I think, I think smells Be you're goings be you're going senses. Yeah. I think smells can be a little more, But Yeah, there's some manny's in the area. You don't wanna have to smell that. I'm not trying to smell that shit. I'm going senses though. I'm going ears or nose. Ears or nose. Ears would be nice. You trying to get some shuteye trying to go to sleep. Just take ears off. Yeah. Ooh, Sleep tight. That's real nice. Then you're never waking up. You have to get something that shakes the room or something. All right. I'm just gonna throw it out there. I I mean, if we're being honest, it usually just gets in the way, Jason. I mean, it's an inconvenient appendage at at times. I mean, listen, I'm very happy I have one ball chain, The ball, ball and chain. I feel like it's a one. I Think it, I think it's a one. No, there's two Different, it's a one stop shop. I think it's, I think it's all the same appendage. I don't think that's how it works. No, so you can't, because If you could just take it all off, I mean, it just, I mean, it would eradicate, I mean it would, it just gets in the way sometimes. You know what I mean? Like, if you're running, you gotta think there'd be less friction without that in between your legs trying to play sports. Right? No, I don't think about it. It doesn't bother me at all. And then if feel like you could take, I mean if, let's just be honest, if you can detach it, that means you could probably attach an upgraded one. You know? I mean, you could go bigger assuming it's like a universal connection point. I could attach another one. You're a fucking psychopath man. I was waiting for you to make it make sense. And y'all, you never disappoint. No. There you go. Like, Is it like the iPhone charger or where they went to all just USBC. Like we're going to one standard connection, whatever thingy those are called. They're hilarious. I thought one of the things is we're asking perplexity of these questions. What question would you like me to ask the machine real quick? I'll do it. I'll do it for you, Jason. What is, what is, What is, what Is the best body part to make detachable? Okay, We'll see where this goes. What is the best body part to make appendix? Boring Tonsils. Boring Gallbladder. Ooh, ooh. Arm, hand, legs. Head. Head. You can make, I mean head detach. I detachable. I don't, that's like, what is that Futurama? Where the heads are detachable? Mm. Jars Get a new body. Just get a whole new body. Not a bad. Yeah, I wouldn't mind that. Okay. Yeah, it's A great answer. Perplexity, We, you already, you already mentioned you wanted, Why would I make my dick detachable? I can just make my head detachable and put it on somebody with a bigger dick. Brandon, why did you even, why did you even go to perplexity? Because he asked me to. My job is to do what you guys asked me to do. Believe you. I don't. This is hilarious. All right. All right. Perplexity wins Every time. Can you imagine coat checking your dick? Hilarious coat. Checking your dick is fucking funny. I'm not gonna need this tonight. Can you hold onto to this? What did dad used to say? Fanny Pack. You'd lose your dick If it wasn't attached. I Think it is what dad used to tell us. He used to tell me that all the fucking time. Maybe that's where I thought of this immediately. You're right dad. I don't want it to be detachable. 'cause I would definitely eat, I would lose that motherfucker. Jason, you have all eaten knowing me. Your dick would be like in the car in a sock. That's funny as fuck. My fucking dog would eat it. I'd find it. Ball balloons got it in his mouth. Like, get Jason Kelsey Gone. His dick is lost in a bat of chili. Yeah, you're right. We don't want that to be Deed. We don't. You need to keep That detachment. Gotta stay on. Yeah. I'm not responsible enough to have a detachable dick. Jake. Jake, you're always like, what do I make quote cards? What do I make? Quote cards. There's your quote card for the week. Jake, make that a graphic. Put it out immediately. Jesus Christ. Wrap. Let's hit the brackets. Let's get outta here. God damnit. Alright, that does it for no dumb questions brought to you by perplexity. Discover fast and rely to search with perplexity


today. Let's move on to some March Madness Challenge updates. That's right. We're we're all the way to the final four. Ooh, where are we sitting? Where are we sitting? First time in a long time. The men's final four is all one seeds. It's only happened one time before from our data Analysis. Thanks a lot. NIL Thanks a lot. You God. Love it. Nice. Auburn Houston, duke, and Florida for the men's bracket. And let's take a quick look at the leaderboard for the new Heights March Madness Challenge and a quest for the Golden Cup. Demetrius ASRA is on top of the leaderboard with Jeremy went.


It's gonna come down to the Houston and Duke matchup. Yeah, that's a good point. I guess that is it. They play this round, right? I think there's a few other things that could go into it too, but Yes. Oh, like who else? Well, I mean, If it's 180 1, whoever wins that game is probably gonna, I guess who, it depends on who their other Final Four team is. And then who, yeah. All Right. I don't know how these these points work. I Think it matters also who wins the other game too, and who those two picked. But Demetrius, Jeremy, congratulations on getting it to this point. That's pretty damn good. Yeah, Somebody's gonna win it. Amy Waldrop is up there. So is Amanda Fry. Casey Quals. Nicole Winkle. There's no elevator. This is still anybody's game. I mean, these points Are close.


Yeah, everybody's, everybody's kind of right there. Everybody's kind of right there. So shout out to to all of them for making it, making it this far. Yeah. The tie for first and a little five way tie for second, the Women's Final Four is Yukon, UCLA, South Carolina and the University of Texas. That's Brandon writing that and me just reading it. 92 Percenters. The standings are just two points separate. First place and a three-way tie for second. Shout out to Nick Sterling. Adam a and Cody. I'm just gonna say Cody 'cause that's a crazy last name. And Katie Plummer, shout out to Katie going into the final weekend.


Here are our new Heights team standings. Mm, the men's bracket. Brandon is winning by one point. Surprise, surprise. Jason is dead. Last. Yeah, I'm out. I'm out. And in the women's bracket though, Jason, you got me by a point. Right now My average height of roster is paying off. You got me by one point, Although I, yep. I had Yukon and South Carolina. Well, we'll see. I'll tell you what, it's, it's gonna be a fun final four. I'm pumped. You got obviously all the one seeds in the men's bracket. The women's bracket is getting real, real, real exciting here, going into the Final four.


And I'm just, I'm pumped man. There's, there's just something about March Madness that's just, it keeps me glued to the tv. It's the best. It really is. You gotta love, it's great. It's, it's, you know it Great TV happening. Live sports happening all day. We're in the tail end of it where it's only at night now, which kind of sucks. But these are the best games too. So You know it gonna Be a great week of basketball. Baby. That wraps up another episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by hbos, THE LAST OF US, premiering soon here in April.


Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to the production and crew. We're always editing out what we shouldn't say, Jason. There's things we're not supposed to say Into the 92 Percenters. Love you guys. We'll see you next week. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Every big moment starts with a big dream, but what happens when that big dream turns out to be a big flop? From Wondery and at Will Media, I'm Misha Brown and this is the big flop. Every week comedians join me to Chronicle the biggest flubs, fails and blunders of all time. Like Quibi. It's kinda like when you give yourself your own nickname and you try to like get other people to do it. And the 2019 movie adaptation of Cats, like If I'm watching the dancing and I'm noticing the feet aren't touching the ground, there's something wrong with the movie. Find out what happens when massive hype turns into major fiasco. Enjoy the big flop on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to the big flop early And ad free on Wondery. Plus, get started with your free trial at Wondery dot com slash plus.