
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights, Jason early And Ad Free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid iv.com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar-Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code New Heights, Jason at checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun, liquid IVs got your back. We've got your classics like acai berry and lemon lime. Those are always solid choices, but get this, they even have pena colada. Break The mold and own your ritual. Just one stick in 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How about That? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com. Use code New Heights, Jason at Checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code. New Heights, Jason at liquid iv.com.


All righty, let's talk about the Holy Grail of candy. Reese's Peanut butter cups. That's right. You know 'em, you love 'em. And let's be real. You probably have a stash hidden somewhere Right now. Tell me about it. Reese's cracked the code and literally created the perfect combo. We're talking about the Chocolate Shell Creamy peanut butter Center. There is something special about unwrapping that orange packaging and sinking your teeth into a Reese's Cup. That's right. That Epic combo has been something that has been a go-to snack for many, no matter what they're Doing. And here's a pro tip from two Reese's Pros here. Try keeping your Reese cups in the fridge. It keeps that chocolatey goodness, nice and chilled for you, but be sure to hide it all the way in the back so nobody can take your, you know what I'm saying? Can't have egg Kelsey sneaking in there at 3:00 AM Stealing your stash. That's right. So why wait. See why Reese's Peanut butter cups are our favorite Buy Reese's Peanut butter cups now at a store near you, found literally anywhere you can find candy.


Your physique is starting to get there. Dude, I'm trying. What are you down to Right now? 2 65. Dude Wore the same weight. It's one of the benefits of weighing your brothers that you can go to Kansas City and steal his shirts and they fit again. I didn't even know you knew what Chanel was. I wore That shirt 'cause that flamingos and Ellie likes flamingos. I didn't wear that shirt because it said Chanel on it. I was just walking around. I said, oh, there's some flamingos. Lio. Like if I wear that shirt. Nice. I got positive fever from Ellie and Benny, both of them. Ooh, Benny liked Fla, the two. What did Wyatt say? I Didn't hear a report back from Wyatt, so I'm guessing she was. She's out of the flamingo phase, I guess. Too cool. Too cool for flamingos.


I guess you're gonna have to talk to her about it. Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. Boys and Girls at Wondery Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by AUDIBLE. That's right. If you don't like the breed, just listen. Ha ha. We're your friends. I'm Travis Kelce. This is Jason Kelsey. And we're also your host, not just your friends. 92 percenters. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus wherever You get your podcast and follow the show and all social media at New Heights. Jason Show with one s. Jason, tell these people what we got coming up today. You got it. Just going down today. Oh, yes it is. Welcome to another great episode of New Heights. Jason, we got one outstanding lineup for you today.


We're gonna talk about out of the house, our recap from our ass, our time over there, big Slick. Look at some of the biggest news coming outta the NFL and OTAs. Oh yeah. And we also have a huge guest, literally a diesel guest coming in. Hot NBA Hall of Fame. Shaquille O'Neill will be joining us on the podcast today. That's right. The big Aristotle guys got the best names. We'll Get his thoughts on the finals inside the NBA, moving to ESPN, his new Netflix documentary and more. Can't wait. Cannot fucking wait. Superman himself. Hold On. What? We got a little munchkin over there Today. Am I going in the pool today?


I we, yes. I turned the heater on. The pool will not be cold. Fucking boujee. Damn. Well that's what happens when you raise those suburban kids, Jason. You're right, you're right. I told Kylie we should have raised them in West Philly and she was like, there's no shit. Oh yeah, that, that's how You get cultured right there. Alright, figure it out. Figure it out.


But first, before we get to all that, we're gonna start with new news. New news. That's right. New news is brought to you by American Express. Let's talk about a little BeerBowl. Action.


BeerBowl is back. Ooh. For those of you that don't know what BeerBowl is every year, me, the Eagles Autism Foundation and a bunch of Eagles go and do an event down at the shore on Wednesday. We do a guest bartending event. Well, we've started doing an event on Thursday called BeerBowl that has been associated with this podcast. And we went back and forth on it and we decided, let's do it again. Why not? Let's run it back. It is fun. BeerBowl Is back for the third year. And the reason we're telling you now is because we need teams to be submitted. That's right. That's Right. BeerBowl will be held on Thursday, June 26th in Seattle and we need 92.


92% is a send us your team submission videos. Yes sir. We are solely judging these based on team name costumes. The most importantly, just the vibe. Drinking ability is a part of the vibe. But listen, if you're funny, charismatic, energetic, that's what we're looking for. 'cause that usually makes for a better BeerBowl for everybody involved. Big change from the previous beer bowls. Now, I don't think we're, we're not making a New Heights Jason episode this year. We're gonna still have a, a video go out on New Heights, Jason or something like that. We're gonna figure that out at a later date. Yeah. But because it's not gonna be a New Heights Jason episode, I will officially be competing.


That's Right. Aw this. Well when now we know who's gonna win. That's right. Me and BOAR Allen will be competing this year. Oh nevermind. Now we know who's gonna lose. If you would've been competing with Kylie, you guys would've won. Kylie does not drink beer. Well, I shouldn't say that. 'cause we have a beer company. Kylie does not do drinking games. That's not true. She does drinking games. All right. I don't know what to say. Yeah. Me and BOAR Allen will be competing. We obviously will not have the chance to win money, but we can. I guess. I don't even know how that works. Somebody's gonna win money. We always do a cash prize. I think last year we did $50,000. Let's do $50,000 again. Damn. Well $50,000 cash prize If you win BeerBowl. We would love to see the defending Champ's return.


Santa's. Oh gosh. What was it? Santa's? Was it revenge? I feel like it was Santa's revenge, right? Oh no, I wasn't there actually. Brandon, do You remember? I think Santa's revenge is right 'cause it was Santa and his helper. Yeah. And they fucking crushed. They killed it. Killing Santa's revenge. Yeah. There we go. Santa's revenge. We'd love to have the defending champs back. Birds of War have been twice now competing in it. We would love to see them back for their third year. It's starting to turn into a tradition. We have all sorts of fun things lined up in the bay. We have a blob. That's right. We have a blob this year. I don't You sign up a bitch, You're gonna have to sign a waiver. You're gonna have to sign a waiver. Trav, you're more than welcome. You're more than welcome to come. I know you're at tight n you. But it is the last day of tight NU. You can sneak out a little bit early and come down for the IVs.


Just saying deadline to submit. Your team is Wednesday, June 18th. That's when we were gonna announce the teams and who's invited to compete. What games were we playing? We're still figuring that out. Kind of open to suggestions. Different than last year. You didn't like the way, you didn't like the format last year. The the Problem, like everybody wants to play like beer pong. But the problem is beer pong is just not a fun game to sit there and watch. Do three Cup The games need to be action packed more quick. Dude, you'll be shocked at how awful people like watching people miss turn after turn is not fun. You gotta have faster paced games. I'm thinking more double dare of of beer, right? We need flags. We need beer drinking. Maybe incorporate the blob in some way.


Do a little beer obstacle course or something. I I love that. We do have an obstacle course in the water. Like an MXC obstacle course that's Inflatable. Yeah, We can definitely do that. We can incorporate that Again dear. Anything in the water? You're gonna have to sign waiver Ladies and gentlemen. For sure. For Sure. Baby bottle. Chuck is banned. That was the most miserable thing I did last year. That was horrible. It was horrendous. And same with the the caps. Oh, the beer caps. Yeah. That was a big fail. Yeah, the beer caps. That was a fail too. Unfortunately. When You get those for $15 a piece on Amazon, We should play stumps again. We gotta figure out who's hosting it. The easy answer is Kylie, but I feel like we need somebody. We need somebody dirtier. We'll figure it out. Yeah. All right. Either way, it's gonna be an awesome event.


It's hard to not have an awesome event when you're down at the Jersey Shore in the summer At the old OD baby. Looking Forward to it and looking forward to seeing these team submissions. All righty. Up next. Busting with the Boys update. Aw baby. Our guys over at busting with the boys. Will and Taylor responded to us talking about the Nebraska Cincinnati matchup at Arrowhead. And and they hit us with a little wager. They responded, they said Loser of the Cincinnati Nebraska game goes to the winners podcast. That's right. Yeah. And, and I think we need to, we need to up the Annie a little bit About it sounds like a win-win for everybody. Yeah. I Think we need to up the Annie a little bit.


Maybe. I do agree. First of all, we agree to the terms. 100% agree. We're in Loser will show up, which I'm excited about because you've been invited on busting with the boys. I've never been invited on the fucking show, so I gotta get out there. Oh yeah. I'll actually see him here in about a few weeks at Tie IU and I Probably still won't be on there 'cause 'cause Cincinnati's gonna beat the fuck out of them. Come on Daddy. Yeah, let's Go. You See Baby's go. We, we, we gotta figure out a, come On Sobe, we Gotta figure out the fucking rock son. There's gotta be some other level of bet here. Right? Okay. What are we thinking? Embarrassment. Right? You know. Yeah. I mean, do You have to show up at the other podcast wearing the other like swag?


Maybe The mascot Ma. I mean, I did that for Texas Tech. You did? I don't wanna, I don't want to reuse a bet and I would sure as fuck feel stupid wearing a goddamn corn Huskers. What is Nebraska's? They don't, it's not just a piece of corn, is it? It's a farmer. What do you mean? It's like the corn Husker. There's a farmer. Yeah, it's a literally is real A farm. Is that real? Can I see it? Oh, I, I think I've seen it. I think I've seen it. Yeah, you've seen it. It's got a big head. It's like almost, almost like a lumberjack. Yeah, you're Right. Yep. I've seen it. I Think he's got the overalls on Overalls. Yep, for sure. It's iconic. I I fucks with their mascot. According To Perplexity. This is the Nebraska mascot. There is not Overalls jeans though. Jeans. No, I think, I think there's been iterations with overalls though. Yeah, look, Yeah, there it is.


Yeah. I'm thinking of the old school one. Yeah, I know. I've seen this motherfucker in overalls. I love that their, their mascot is basically Overalls were invented in Nebraska. Actually. I love That. Their mascot is basically just Cam Jergens. That's my favorite part. Like this is just Cam Jergens as a envisioned as the mascot of Nebraska. Little Red. Oh Man. Little Red looks inflatable though. The other guy I'm fucking with, the other guy. Do we want to do Mascot Head? Let's send it to the boys and see what they think. Mascot head, but only the head.


So, but there's Naked from the naked from the neck down. So both of them has to wear, have to wear a version of it or that's the thing We, that's there's head one of us, us that's two and two. So, So one person wears the mascot head. What does the other person wear? Damnit. We didn't think about this. Yeah, we just gotta wear swag. I Feel like we gotta incorporate the mascot somewhere. They, yeah. No, they have to wear a Kelsey Bearcat jersey on our podcast. They, we have to wear a Will Compton jersey on their podcast, I feel. I feel like one person has to wear the mascot. Whoever decides to do it. I'll wear the mascot since you wear the Texas Tech, if we lose, Alright, we'll throw it, we'll throw it on Will and Taylor on who's, who's gonna do what on their side. Not just, If you agree to the bed, they'll Be good.


They'll be, they'll agree. Well I guess maybe they'll come back with something better. Yeah.


Alright. And that does it for new news brought to you by American Express. Let's get to that out of the house section.


Trav Out of the house. Me and Jason both got out of the house this weekend. Sure did. Sure. How about that? Sure did. I brought him over to good old Kansas City. It was awesome. That's right. He got to stay at the place and sh head, head down to Old Big Slick Kansas City's Best Event. I could proudly say that. It's unbelievable what, what everybody at Big Slick puts on throughout the entire weekend. Obviously it starts with the softball game and then they, they visit all the kids at the Children's Mercy Hospital and then a huge, huge gala entertainment night where they, they really bring in some of the most unique human beings.


Not just from the city of Kansas City, but from all over. And, and just friends of friends of friends of the guys that are, that are really the, the, the main crew that run this thing, which is Paul Rudd, Rob Riggle, Jason Sudeikis, our guy. Stone Street. Stone Street, Eric Stone Street. Yep. David Ner. I mean, you name it, there's so many Heidi Gardner now. Yep. So big on that Personnel and those to the six right. Part part of it. Those the six part. Yes, exactly. So it's, it's a, a lot of people have been coming to it for countless amount of years. I can't even, I think they're up to like 12 to 16 years, somewhere in there in terms of what year this was. And it just keeps getting bigger and bigger every single year. I look up at the board at the end and I'm just like, oh my God, they just raised an entire million dollars more than what they raised last year.


What? And it's all for an amazing cause. It helps, it helps families pay for surgeries that don't have the resources and, and really helps out kids and saves lives and, and it's such a beautiful evening. It's such a beautiful week that they do that they do this with. And I, I couldn't be more proud to be for, be a part of Kansas City and be a part of a big Slick year in year out, man. Absolutely. No, it was, it was truly remarkable seeing the amount of support from the audience and people willing to lend their time and money to this event. And also the celebrities that were willing to lend their time and money. I mean, there was a lot of people there. It was a huge unite.


It was my first one. I basically invited myself when, when Jason came on the show. Like, I don't know if that's how you'd do it. I mean, I was hyping it up. I was like, dude, if there's one event you want to go to, this is a one. You've Been hyping it up for years. So, but no, it, man it was a lot of fun. It was just a lot of joy and it was a lot of just incredible people all compiled together. So it was, it was awesome. What Was your favorite part of the gala? The entertainment night? My favorite part was probably the video at the end, even though it wasn't like the hilarious part that the rest of the night is in shenanigans. But the part I hear you Peter, It's the part that stuck with you the most. Man. I, I hear it.


Yeah. I mean that's, it really brings it full circle as to why you're all there. You know, Peter was one of the kids that was at Children's Mercy and they were following him before the event and they always do that. But this year, unfortunately, Peter passed before the event. So it was just so much more transparent of like how much you're actually affecting families' lives, people's lives by supporting this wonderful organization. So that was probably my favorite part about it. I mean, I was literally crying in the back of the freaking stage. So Yeah, it was intense. Yeah. It, it got everybody. Man. Outside of that, I don't know. I mean, meeting Johnny Knoxville, if I'm being honest, like, I met a lot of cool people this weekend.


I met a lot of awesome people. But dude, I, countless of my youth hours have been spent watching Johnny Knoxville do shenanigans with his friends. Yeah, no, that was incredible. That he's epic dude. He is every bit of, you know what I mean? Who he is portrayed to be on, on, on film, man. He just, he just has a good time, man. You gotta love it. There were so many just awesome people. I know I've said that about 8,000 times, but it was No man. They really are. It's a good time. They really are. They get a good cast. Yeah. And Jason, you went shopping. You went shopping in my closet. Well, I, I still, I went thieving. I told you. I was like, dude, just snack, grab whatever man. Yep.


We wear the same size now, dude. We're we're one the same. I'm fucking stealing your shirts too. Boom. Well, mine, I still got shirts that are too big, but I gotta start resizing my stuff. I like 'em oversized. Yeah. I got a lot of feedback that people are not a fan of the tuck. I'm a tuck kind of guy. I think the tuck is where it's at. I work hard on these legs. I'm gonna show 'em off Show off that physique big guy. If I'm putting On a flamingo shirt, I'm peacocking. You know what I mean? That rear end is gonna be out. I'm not gonna be hiding it under a baggy ass shirt. You're gonna catch these buns, Son. What you serve mix a lot. Hey, yo, That's fucking good. You could Do so.


Benzel Situps. That's an Ed Kelsey favorite right there. I mean, that's everybody's favorite. I feel like We also got a little Kelsey to Kelsey connection, which the balls were a little Slick blaming you. The balls were a little Slick. Blaming you. You're blaming me. Hundred percent. Play the clip. Play the clip. JC Kelsey's snapping into Pat Mahomes. Here we go. Redo it. He's in the middle. Does he know how to do it? He Does. He know how to do it. Oh, look at This. Here we go. What the, oh, look at this. Jason, you Settled it over my head.


About three tables too far. Thank gosh. We had an athlete in the stands. He just saved somebody's life just by catching that rocket of a, of a football. I, it's a nice little three step in a crow hop though. I'll give you that. You just Willie Beam the fuck out of this segment. I'm not blaming you because of the bad pass. That was honest. That was my bad. I'm going up to that. I'm blaming you because I wasn't supposed to do this. And you put this into my head. The bit was they were gonna steal my snap every time. And then you said, Hey, next time just go up there and snap. Act like you're gonna snap it and just throw it. So I'm blaming you 'cause you gave me this idea. It was your shenanigans that caused this.


Jason, you just gotta be ready for the moment, man. You gotta be ready. You're right. I failed. I'll tell you what, you gotta, you gotta rise outta the crowd. The crowd got excited when they saw you drop back. Everybody's seen Pat Mahomes throw a ball in here. Let me show 'em how we spin it up there in Cleveland, Ohio. Did the look at, oh, look at that balance. Not bad in flip flops. It's actually pretty good. There's a nice little spiral too. You just threw it a ceiling. 10 feet too far. The funniest thing was Pat after it was like, what am I here for if I'm not throwing the ball? Because that entire bit was because it was supposed to be Pat throwing a football to a fan. And instead they get Jason Kel botching a throw to a random person.


They'll remember that forever, man. Yeah, No, it'd be good. Sometimes you just gotta take over the show. But I get it. I get it. Who doesn't like to see a nice Kelsey to Kelsey Connection? Man Officially won't be invited back. What was your favorite part of the event? Oh my gosh. My favorite part of the event. I mean, I, I don't know why I love running through the crowd and catching the football and like being amongst everyone high fiving and everything that's like the most like, fun I have on there. But that looked Like a lot of fun. It is. It's, it's a blast. And You get to see faces, some, some familiar faces, some new faces and high fiving and just making sure everyone's having a grand old time up there.


It's gotta be Seth Herzog every single time he does this bit. I fucking, I go into tears, man. I wasn't ready for it. So Seth opened for the late night show. We told you that that night. So I had already interacted with him a bunch. I saw a different side of Seth. This was a much more hair down type of Seth. Oh yeah. And It did not disappoint. No, it's not. Dude, we have a clip of that. We, I don't know if we have a clip of that. We gotta find a clip of that. If you got a clip Of that. Yeah, we gotta find another clip of that. But yeah, Seth's Seth's performance every single year is epic. He never holds back. He named his nutsack after us One ball was That's true. Was was me and the other ball was Jason. And we were Sure Speed honored to be.


Yeah, we were honored. So I've never been more honored. I'd much rather I've been named after dogs a million times, but to be named after a nut, how many people can say that They go, oh. And sh I'm honored Those things are doing Hope things are doing work nice. Shout out to Seth. Keep fucking killing it. I have, I don't know what it Is about Paul Ru I just love to hug and pick him up And just squeeze The living shit out of him. He is such a good dude. He is. And Helix supports the living shit out of the Chiefs with his son Jack and his son Jack is fucking tall as shit. Now. I remember seeing him our, our first couple years he was still in like middle school and now he's al he's already in college and stuff now.


So it's cool to see, I don't know how, how everything's like transferred over the years. And I remember the first year they did it in what, what is now the T-Mobile center, but the Sprint center at the time. Yeah. And how much money they raised. And I was like, God damn that raising this much money. And this year alone, they raised $4.5 million for children Mercies Hospital, which is Yeah, man. Absolutely mind blowing. But Kansas City's gonna show up for for their own. And, and they're always gonna make sure they look out for, for the, for the ones that need help. And that's why I love this city. And shout out to everybody at Big Slick for yet again another successful year of raising funds, man.


Absolutely. Absolutely. And I, I'm gonna say Paul gets a lot of shine. I'm gonna give Mandy Rudd a shout out. Shout Mandy's doing a lot. She's doing a lot of the behind the scenes work. Hell yeah. Helping that thing off the Whole run family. You know it. That's Right, that's right, that's Right. Know it's everybody. Everybody's got a, got a piece of the pie. We saw Sadeka, his parents after and I, we saw Stone Street's family after it. It is just cool to see everyone got to see Ners entire family, his kids. So it's cool to like be around everyone and get to meet everybody's, you know, significant others and their, their family that kind of makes them who they are. And that's that those are all the pluses that You get from being around the, the big Slick all weekend.


No doubt. All right. It doesn for out Of the house. Let's get to some NFL news Please. Ladies and gentlemen, we are less than 100 days from football being back. Yeah, it's coming. Okay. Nice. All Right. Now the chiefs are in the middle of their OTAs. Travis, how's it looking? How, how's the OTAs looking? Yeah, I was just back there last week. Got to see a lot of the rookies and get to, you know, jump on the field with the helmets and, and jerseys and, and you know, just run around and see what this new fine tuned offense is is gonna look like. Or at least set the tone for the rest of the off season and going into mini camp here in, in a few weeks.


Speaking of the rookies, I know you just glazed over, but I want to, because one of my favorite tackles in the draft, I know he is coming back from the patella injury. How's, how's my man Josh Simmons? Look Dude, Josh Simmons is, he is, first of all great dude, great dude. Seems like he's embracing his situation. He's working hard to make sure that he's ready by the time season comes around or as healthy as he can be. You know that I've seen him over there working some pass sets and things like that. And it's just so you, when you see the guy move, he's so balanced and he's such a big athlete. He's so balanced. I'm with you Bro. He doesn't seem like he's ever like top heavy or like he's his very, his legs are strong, his feet are in the ground.


He's, he's very precise with this movement. The guy's just, he Looks apart Right now. He yeah, exactly. And obviously he puts on pads and probably get a little meaner and, and really bring a lot to the table for us. Man, If that position gets solidified, that would be such a huge help to the Kansas City Chiefs. That was a major struggle last year for 'em. But they also have another left guard who's playing left guard Right now. We Got Kingsley, Kelly Endo as well as in there. Obviously we still got Trey Smith coming back, so. Nice. Nice. Yeah. We'll, we'll have some, we'll have some depth at Guard and, and I think we'll have some, some good depth at tackle as well. Good deal. Good deal. The Eagles also had their OTAs featuring Coach Kels.


That's right. J Kels out there. Oh yeah. Showing 'em how to do the dance. That's right. You teaching them how to, I'm just watching some big guys move their feet and hit angles and double teams. I just love that I'm in the exact same position as Stout. Like I'm just stealing all of his moves. I like hands on the knees looking, making sure I creep down, look right at the right angle to see what it looks like. But I love watching, especially new guys the way they move and seeing things that they do well and you know, if there's anything I can kind of tell 'em to help 'em out or to spot something I like about their game or what it is. I just like being there. It also keeps a lot of stuff fresh. Like for me, you'll notice this once you stop Trev, like every year you're out and you're not having those conversations every day and you're not talking about ball it, it feels like it just starts to kind of like, you almost are worried that you're gonna forget some of it.


You know what I mean? So then you go back and then it instantly just kind of hits you like a lightning bolt, you know, it just kind of recharges your brain and all this knowledge that you've built up on something so specialized that you know, very few people really understand the ins and outs of it. So Yeah. So unique. Yeah, I like seeing the rookies, I like seeing the new guys that they brought in the off season. It's just fun to be in the building too. Hell yeah, man. So it was a good time. Did anybody thank you for saving the tush push? I, multiple people said good job for sure. Nice. Yeah. Nice. Got some good jobs. That's awesome. Got some good jobs. That's gotta be, it's gotta be worth the flight right Way. It goes way to goes.


I think some good team efforts, good team efforts. I think the Eagles are pretty happy that, that the proposal did not go through and that there'll be another year of tush bushes for sure. There You go. I would say it's not too late, but you're down to two 60, so probably no chance of you coming back. I was doing a little scout team out there. I was, I was a little defensive end. Defensive end When they did the rookie period at the end. I got out there, put my hand on the ground. Nice. You just three steps and then peel off. Oh, I was doing nothing. I, I was running into 'em. I was, I I like to see what their hands feel like, to be honest with you. Ooh. Put your hands on me.


Connor had already given me the heads up that one of the guys had some pretty good hands and a punch, so I was conveniently on that side. Well, lemme see. I'll be the judge of this Connor out there. Just get fucking launched. I wouldn't hate it. I wouldn't hate it. I Love It. I'm weird like that. I wouldn't mind getting screwed up. Ah, I'm a little fucked up. I like to, I like to get a little dirty. Break your nose. Oh cool.


All Right, now let's keep this thing moving. It's cool to see you out there on the field again, brother. Yeah. Before we get to Shaq time for some no dumb questions brought to you by Perplexity AI, discover fast and reliable search with Perplexity AI today from animal or anime in a day. Dude. Out of curiosity, if King's Island or Cedar Point designed a Kelsey themed rollercoaster, what kind of coaster would it be? How fast would it go and how many times would it go Upside down. Interesting. I don't think I've ever seen a ride where you're literally upside down the entire ride. So I think that would be pretty cool. I love like You get in it and immediately just turn upside down and it fucking takes off. I Like it. That sounds really fun. I do love rollercoasters that go upside down. I like ones that like spin you around. I'm a big fan of those. I'm also a big fan of the, the the high hills. The big drops. Yeah. I Feel like that's not, I feel like a Kelsey theme is like a splash mountain. We're more of a splash mountain kind of crew. You think so? I don't know. Oh Yeah, You get but it's not Water. I thought it was cool. But It's not water. It's something else you're getting splashed with. Garage beer. Garage beer. It's a lake of garage beer. You're forcing Everyone to be drunk and get sticky. Just covered with it. That's sounds miserable. Nobody's going on this. This awful. What were your favorite rides growing up? Millennium Force. Big Drop. Big Dipper. I like wooden rollercoasters. Ooh. Son of Beast was Good Too. Nice. Son of beast. Yeah. First wooden rollercoaster. Ever be a loop. They had to take it down though 'cause it was unsafe. Shockers. Yes. Very unsafe. Sun of Beast. What? What else? I love the Manus at The Manis. The Manus was a standup one point. Yeah, it was the was a standup. What's the The Raptor. Raptor was the first one. As soon as you go in to The left, Raptor was really good. That was really good. I looked up All of the Cedar Point rollercoasters on Perplexity. The Raptor is very good. I think they might've renamed it. Maverick wasn't bad either. It's one of those ones where you go like forward and then backward. Right. And one of mine, one of mine was like the, the power tower. You remember that thing? Power tower One? That you would just go straight up and straight down? Yep. Yep. It's like a drop. Oh my gosh. Just the entire time. It just feels like you're free falling and then getting rocketed straight up into the air. That was also the most terrifying one for me. 'cause I was just like there. There was just like the seat and then I was 40 stories up in the air. That one is scary. I would say it would have to be a mixture. I remember going to Disney Quest as a kid. We already talked about Disney Quest. Ooh. And you could literally create your own rollercoaster at Disney. Quest was, it was very cool. And I remember I just kept doing loops. I was like, I just wanna keep going in circles guys. That's a good point. And so a lot of loops, a lot of big drops and you're upside down the whole time. Upside down the whole time. That's my rollercoaster. I mean, people are gonna pass out if they're upside down the whole time, right? No, not If you do the loops, the if when you do the loops, you come back up and then you go back upside down. It's not a bad idea. Sounds pretty exciting to me. I also just like a good old fashioned gravitron, just spin that thing around really fast and drop the floor and then I'm stuck to the wall. The tea Dude. No, no, no, no. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you're talking about now. Yeah. Yeah. One that was like a giant barrel and you would just like, it would just spin. Yeah. You'd just be glued to the wall. Not You're an idiot. That was the most simplest concept ever. Sometimes Simple is better. I don't know. That's it for No, no questions. Brought to you by Perplexity.


Let's get to the Shack interview. Thanks again to our partner. AUDIBLE. Oh, nice delivery. Craving your next action. Packed Adventure AUDIBLE delivers thrills of every kind on your command from Electrifying suspense and daring quest to spine tingling, horror, and romance. Oh, It's Unleash your adventurous side with gripping titles that keep you guessing. Like exclusive, captivating, AUDIBLE originals. That's right. New releases and bestsellers. That's right. Like first Lie Wins by Ashley Elson or the Girl on the Train. Sounds interesting. All right. By Paula Hawkins. I wonder where she's going. AUDIBLE knows there's a greater thrill out there than yours. Discover what lies beyond the edge of your seat on AUDIBLE. Start your adventure today. Sign up for a three 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash New Heights. Jason, Why read when you can listen.


Ah, now moment. Brought to you by American Express. That's right. What region in the US has the best food? Jason Pro. Oh man, that's tough. They're all so good. I think we can definitely agree. The worst is anywhere in the middle of the country, but it's also kind of the one I love. 'cause you can agree feels so nostalgic. You don't think East coast, west Coast and southern food is the best. No barbecue, baby. Barbecue. I mean that's kind of southern to me. I mean Kansas City Kind, Southern. What's Southern about barbecue? Everything. Like what? Barbecue's synonymous everywhere. And obviously it's synonymous with Kansas City. But like when I think of barbecue, I think of down south. I'm just gonna be honest. Think of Texas. I think you think of Texas, think of Texas. I of Alabama. I think of like all the places where there's like endless amounts of barbecue food. There's endless amounts right here in Missouri and Kansas. Travis, are you saying that Kansas City has the best food out of everywhere in the country? I'm just saying you're outta your mind. If you think it's touching the East coast, the south, or the west coast. Teach his own Jason. With Amex Platinum, You get access to global dining access by resi. When you add your platinum car to your Rezi profile, You can experience some of the hottest restaurants with access to exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get reservations are available. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For Full terms and to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Thank you to our partner Boar's Head. Break out the good stuff this summer with premium grilling products from Boar's Head Travis, what? What are you toping your burger or you're frank with? I'm more of a burger guy. I think, You know, I like double burger, double patty, double cheese, lettuce, tomato. I like a nice little special sauce in there. Maybe like a little truffle sauce, maybe a little truffle ketchup. And then I like a nice toasted bun. Ooh, Yeah. You better toast it. I like it. Toasted in buttery. Or like really like juicy. If you're Scratching your head about how to top an awesome burger, don't sweat it. Boars Head has your back covered with a bunch of premium recipes. That's right. They've got the toppings for everything from classics to Epic steakhouse style burgers. You name It. Maybe you're in the mood for the ultimate summer. Frank. Instead jazz it up with some Boars Head premium condiments such as garlic aioli or pepper house Gourmets. And add some horseradish bread or butter pickles or classic sauerkraut. That's right. For the adventurous griller, explore their premium collection of chicken sausages and broths, or add their generously sliced bacon to any creation. Now don't forget the finishing touch cheese from Classic Taste of American to bold flavor of their caramelized onion Monterey Jack. That's right. That's quite the adventure. Boar's Head. Premium cheeses complete. Any grilled favorite This summer? Top it with taste and Head to your local Boar s Head deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bite. Boar's Head committed to craft since 1905.


Yeah, look at that Baby. Got the glasses on. He means business. You put those glasses on like his Superman's outfit right there baby. What Up brothers? Good Diesel. Sorry I'm late. Oh no. Sorrys man. How we, how we doing Black Kelce? We doing good? Oh yeah, we good. Black Kelce. That's what they call me. That was so funny. Oh man. Oh gosh. All. Who's the guy in the green fucking shirt? I Brandon, it's Brandon. That's intern. Brandon intern. Oh, intern. Hey Brandon. I'm doing my best. Make my way up in the world.


Yeah, yeah. You're good Brandon. Thank you. Let's roll. Our guest today is seven foot one center from Louisiana State University, Louisiana. That's right. He is a 15 time NBA All star four time NBA champion. Three time finals. MVP, God damn A League. MVP Olympic Gold Medalist and an NBA Hall of Fame. Woo. You know him as the big Shamrock, the big Aristotle. Oh yeah. The Superman Shaq. This the diesel. We got him a Shaq, AKA, the Black Kelce brother. Let's go.


92 percenters. Can you dig it? Please Welcome Shaquille O Neal. Yeah, baby. You know what's crazy? I was thinking if we would've grown up together, we would've fucking been crazy. Us three at the same high school. I would've been fucking, It would've been so Fun. Been fucking mayhem. We Would've had a blast, man. You would've, you would've blended in perfectly in the Heights baby. Yes. I, I would've Man alive. Appreciate you joining. Well, How, how we doing? I can't complain. Thanks for having me. You know, I love both of you guys. Wanna say, I'm proud of both of you guys and I appreciate I friendship. I know we don't see each other live, but when we do see each other's all love and respect. I always, Right now, even though I'm who I'm, I'm still a fan of the game and a fan of sports and the way you two gave your all.


Much appreciated. You know it baby. Well, thank you so much. Yeah. We took note. We took notes by how you played it and how you and how you've done it in life. Hell man, I'm still taking notes by how you've did it. Man. Man, you gotta get me on the, on the, on the DJ booth, man. You gotta teach me. Teach me your ways, dog. Yeah, brother, I got you. I got you. Whatever you got. And, and you know what's crazy? You are opening up for your girlfriend, bro. You'll be a fucking star. 10 minutes. 10 minutes hyping up the crowd. Oh my God. Now, You know, I a hype Man. You know I'm a hype man. You can get a Rock in. There's so Good. Yeah. Have the swifties bouncing off the walls before t gets out There. Yes. Speaking of Swifties, your brother did something nobody else in the world can do.


He walked me right over. I got to shake her hand. Oh, nice. And, and you know, she was with Ice Spice. I was more on Ice spice than I was on your one. But thank you. Oh gosh. I appreciate you very much. I like, Hey Taylor. Oh my god. Ice Spice. Hey boo boo. How On? Man? That was awesome. That was awesome. That was, that was the Super Bowl. I, I like to remember. Nah man, I appreciate you saying that, man. You mentioned this already. You were on inside the NFL and you said If you played in the NFL or If you played in the NFL, you'd be known as a black yo. We're gonna play this link for anybody that hasn't seen that clip yet. We thought this was one of the funniest thing we've ever seen.


Brandon, can we play the clip? Let's go intern. This ERs What happens when you have interns that work for You? He's on your ass. Intern. What NBA players do you think would transition well into our sport? Me And you. Tight In. Wait, wait. Yeah, I like No, no, you couldn't. Shit, you're too, you're too big and too much of a target to play tight in though. No, I, I'm not, You know what? They would call me. They'll call me the Blackie. That was my man Ochocinco giving it back to you. A lot of people don't know this, that, you know, when I was coming up, football was my sport. Okay, so you played football? Yeah, I, I was football all the way and I was really good.


I was, I used to tell people too Tall Jones was my father. Okay. I really Played. And I like, I played a nose guard on defense and I played tight end on offense. Played. That's what I I'm saying baby. I knew you went tight in, Man. And I used to bring the pain. Yeah. Who, How you can only, only imagine All the kids in school. They used to talk trash and you know, this was like in, in the days when you could like rough people up and try to hurt him. Oh yeah. And that guy, he was encouraged. And then one day my junior, he was encouraged. And then one day my junior year I scored and a little freaking dude hit me on the side of my knee. And I was out for about eight weeks. So, ooh know football is my thing.


And then my father came in the house one day and smacked me in the back of the head with a paper. Was like, you need to fucking stop playing football and focus on basketball. And when I opened up the paper, John AK had just signed 15 for three. Oh Wow. Yes. So he, so I'm like, I'm like, first of all, who is John ak? My dad was like, I got some tickets, we gonna go watch 'em. I was living in San Antonio at the time. So the Hawks were playing the Spurs. And no disrespect to John ak, he was a, he was the NBA. He was, he was a pro, he was a good player, but Made a lot of money it sounds like. Yeah. He made a lot of money. But I was doing the things that in high school, like he was doing in the pros. Oh yeah. And I was like, like, shit, if this dude's making 15 for three, my dream was to make 8 million for 10 years.


Mm. Yeah. That was my whole dream coming out. I wanted to make 8 million for 10 years and I had it all set up. I wanted a Mercedes-Benz, I wanted a Jimmy Bronco. I wanted like, that was my whole thing. So I started playing basketball, but I used my football pain experience when I was playing basketball. Like when I turned with the elbows up, I'm trying to knock your teeth out your mouth. Oh yeah. No doubt. People, people always go back to the hacker shack and they'll say, oh, well he got fired a lot. I never felt it. That's because of my football prowess and my football experience. But yeah, I think if I would've stuck with, with football, I probably would've, I probably would've definitely made tight end. Like, I hate when people look at me and be, oh, you'd be a good offensive. I'm like, I'm not a lineman, I'm a showman In the nineties for sure.


You running up and down the floor. I could see Right now if pe People that say that don't remember Orlando Shaq, right? Yeah. They don't, they don't remember him running the court like that. That's what they don't remember. Duh. We had a, we had a play in high school on the goal line alley on three, You know, I Yeah, alley On three, you. Yeah, I go five, five yards in and turn towards the corner and you just fucking throw it up and I would fucking go get it and snag it. I used to watch Kel and I'm About to go to Coach Reed. Write the fuck now. Yes, yes. What I used to go, I used to watch Kellen Kellen Winslow. Oh yeah. Senior and all those guys. Legend. Yeah. So yeah, so, you know, football was my sport. That's Awesome. I believe it every time they ask me to do these, these rosters.


Build a NFL roster. Who you picking? I'm picking Shaq every day of the week. Because you did play basketball like your NFL player. Like anybody that watched you play in the post is like, yeah, that dude could rush the passer. He could catch the ball. Like he could do it all. I Don't know. Just could do it All. Put him out on the field. I ain't worried about it one bit. Yeah. I'm gonna send you, I'm gonna send you a picture of me winning my first punt pass and kick contest. Yes. At Fort Mammouth New Jersey. Please send that. Please send that. Did you have the whole outfit on? No, I just had like a, I just had like sweatpants and the tanks T-shirt and everything because the, the one I Coach Reed has one out there where he's got the full Rams get up on Oh, the helmet, the shoulder pad, the, oh man, that's hilarious.


You know, I saw that. Was that him when he was at 12? That Was really him. Yes. That's Him. That's him. Bigger than every kid out there. That wasn't him. Yes. Swear to guy. He tells the Story. I saw that clip the other day. I was like, who the fuck is that? He was dominating them little kids. S too funny. I have to ask you this right off the jump, big guy, was it not allowed for you to go straight to the league or did you just want that college experience or that LSU experience? It was, but my father was so big on education. I gotcha. He was really big on education. I gotcha. He did a great job of teaching me horror stories. Always tell this story. And you know, some people may take it the wrong way, but I, I really appreciate what he did.


The day Lynn Bias passed away from Coke. My father came in and touched me up. Very nice. And the message was, if I ever catch you doing drugs, I will fucking kill you. Wow. So he, like, I didn't know who Lin Bias was, and he came in the house fucking crying uniform to off. And he's like, and he just fucking grabbed me. If I ever catch you with Coke, I'll fucking kill you. And in my mind I was like, dad, we drink Pepsi. He was not fucking No, seriously, because I, I like, because I'm, I'm like, I'm, I'm like, I think I'm like, I'm think I'm like 13 at the time, but he felt like that was his son. He felt like a guy that had it all, you know, was going to be the number one pick, get drafted by the Boston Celtics and he made a terrible mistake and he passed away.


So I never did that, always stayed away from that. But every time a athlete got in trouble, I would sort of get in trouble for it. So ev every time I, you know, when I became a professional athlete, all the stuff that was in my mind, especially athletes that five years after they play, they don't have any money. I was really, really conscious about, you know, business and saving money and you know, doing the right thing. So Oh yeah. Hell Yeah. I'm telling you Diesel, I I'm still taking notes by how you're doing stuff you've done in such a professional way, professional way. You're professionalism on the court, off the court in the business world. Man. I'm, I've been taking notes for a long time, man. You've been doing it the right way. Well, thank you. I appreciate it. And I'm taking notes from you guys too.


You guys are doing your thing. Do You ever wonder what it would've been like playing in like today's NBA with all of the social media and the podcast and it's like you were a larger than life NBA figure, not just as a player, but like, there's fucking major motion pictures coming out and like, what Do you mean Kazam? Are you fucking kidding Me? This never, I was About to ask him why he stopped being in the, the acting world. Hey, Second favorite genie, second favorite. I'm Robin Williams. Or not Robin Williams gets one, but, but Shaq is getting my second favorite genie ever. Yes. So IIII always tell athletes it's okay to be professional jealousy of somebody else. Like I'm jealous of you guys, guy's podcast fucking killing.


He's making money and that. But instead of using that to create envy, I used that to create motivation. So to answer your question, if I was playing out, I'd be a trillionaire. No I wouldn't. I believe it. I Believe it. 'cause when I, when I used social media, I said to myself, like when I first got on social media, I was shown off and then my mother got on social media, she was so disappointed. She's like, baby, you don't have to show off your gold chains in your cars. So I had to figure out a way to use social media. So I use 60% to make you laugh. 30% to inspire you. Like if I see something inspirational or quarter I'll forward it. And then the 10 last 10% is, Hey, this is Shaq for beatbox, this is Shaq for IC.


So I do it like that. I probably would've had the same method growing up and I would've made so much money. And then, well I'm Writing this shit down. I telling I like brilliant man business mind. And then you got a lot of, you got a lot of bums making a lot of money and you guys know this. Like, if it's a tight end making a certain amount, he is making more than you and he did that, you're going to use that as motivation. Yes. Oh, this motherfucker had 12 touchdowns and he's making a hundred million. You gonna go out and get 19 touchdowns and then just tell your agent, hey, they getting a new deal. So, You know, I would definitely, I would definitely love to play in this era. I would still bring the football pain and I would be different. You know, I I I I, I'd be watching these podcasts. They say, oh, Shaq couldn't play in this era.


You're crazy. He couldn't guard the three. They're Out of their Minds. That's insane. It would be Simple, insane man. As soon as jokers shoots a three, I'm gonna run right past 'em and I'm going to post up in the lane for a hundred seconds. So If you hit the three, good, but I know by the time we hit the ball and throw it down, I'm definitely gonna hit the two. Nice. I'm hit more twos than you hit three. So I would probably only shoot a three like if we got out. But I would, I would not go away from my strength. My strength is power and height. So I'm going to take the high percentage shots because if I'm averaging 30, it's an easy job for my agent. If I'm standing out there shooting three is and averaging 15, that's a tough job. But if I'm averaging 30, you know, scoring a lot of points and my agent can say, Hey Rudy Goldberg got two 50, me and Shaq, we want 700.


There We go. We want 700. I mean these Rudy two 50. Shit. That's, that's what I'm Saying's more dominant. So the numbers gotta make sense. Do you think the modern NBA is missing that aggression in that way? 'cause it wasn't just you that used to play that game, like the Post, it used to be a much more physical game. It's all of sports nowadays. You know, football sure. You can't hit anybody. Baseball, you can't even fucking block the plate at home. Like it. But, but that was one of the reasons, one of the reasons I wanted men, like after the Cavs got eliminated, one of the reasons I was rooting for the Timberwolves is because Anthony Edwards looked like he was mad the entire game. Like at least this guy's showing some aggression. I like the way this guy's playing. Like Exactly, You're right. I wish in this thing of ours, it was ran by us.


I hear you. I like That. Like for example, when you, when when you guys retire, the NFL just like brings everybody in. But like, okay, you, you, you and you, you got all these people that are changing the game. Like our NBA Allstar format is terrible. It's Tough, man. It's terrible. It's Tough. It used to be the most exciting weekend. That's what I'm saying. I don't know of all sports Man. Dunno in charge. But it's, it's terrible. So to answer your question, the league is getting soft. The game is getting soft and it's gonna take a couple of people to bring it back. Like, I don't, I hate big guys shooting threes. Victor win, win Beyond is a great player, but I would love to just see him dominate so much that people could start complaining that they change rules.


Like when I, like I, I could shoot, but I'm not gonna shoot a three. Yeah, yeah. Why would I shoot a three when I could put your little as in the basket and dunk on you And put These balls in your face. Put those legs up. I'm getting so freaking fired up Right now. Guys. That was amazing. Before we get to your documentary, 'cause I definitely want to pump that up, man. I gotta ask you, now that we're talking about balls in your face, what, what, what exact who do you think gave you like the hardest time playing? Like who defended you the best? What teams did that? Or The little guys always defended me the best. The Charles Oakley, Cleveland's Finest baby.


The Anthony Masons. Yeah, the four, the the four guys I had problem with. I didn't really have any problems with any big guys. The big guy that taught me the most valuable lesson is e We made it to the finals. We beat Michael Jordan. The greatest player ever. Yes. So I, I already thought the job was done and then we had 10 days off and living in Orlando, you go in restaurants, it's, it's standing ovations and you know, You get extra deals and it's the parades and you know, me and one of my other teammates were jumping on private planes. We're going to Miami and party and you know, 'cause I like to get ready three days before, but you got 10 days off. I couldn't be like this for, for 10 days or so.


I'm like, you know what, lemme take a couple days off. We definitely gonna win. I'm playing against the king. We, we, we won one. We won one. He's the same size. We definitely gonna win. But he taught me never to celebrate too early. So when we played in the finals, I didn't see that Akeem and they had just won the year before. So they were going for back to back and he just fucking taught me a lesson. So I always said to myself, if I get back to the finals again, I'm going to dominate so fucking much that it won't be a question of who's going to win. So, you know, he did that. He, he, he kind of got his way in our finals. Me and Dave Robinson, probably even me and Tim Duncan, probably even me and Patrick, you and even me and Alonzo even like, we always try to, you know, cancel each other out.


I couldn't stop them. They couldn't stop me. But the guys like Charles Oakley and fucking call Malone, the little guys that can get, get into You get leverage Underneath. You get leverage. Yeah. That, those are the ones that gave me problems. Rick Mahorn had this move. 'cause he was a big body. He put his body on you. And then soon as I fucking go backwards, he would move and I would fucking fall. I would pull The chair on you. Yes. That one, that move right there, Man. That's crazy. Let's go ahead and shine some light on the, the new documentary called Power Moves Out Now on Netflix. We got the trailer, but If you want to please tell us about it. Yeah. Let us know what we're getting into. So when I was coming out of high school, I went to Nike and I went to Reebok.


Reebok gave me my own deal because, You know, I wanted to have my own shoe and all that. So signed with Reebok, got away from Reebok a a little while, started my own shoe brand, which is still out there. Shaq brand. Still doing very well. So now I'm sitting around one day and again, this is like this, you know, professional jealousy thing. So I, I go see a lot of kids, right? And I get 'em whatever they want. Hey man, what you want? Shoes. So one kid was like, Hey, I want some Jordans. So I bring them, I bring a whole bunch of Jordans to the place 'cause I don't really care. Like if Jordan, the Under Armour, what whatever the kids want will take care. Yeah, yeah. So the kid goes, no man, I want some Jordan elevens. I'm like, what the fuck is Jordan elevens?


Right? And so I go look, and Jordan got all these fucking shoes. So now I'm jealous and I'm pissed. I'm like the fuck. Where where are the Shaq ones? The Shaq twos The Shaq? Yeah. Yeah. So I called Reebok and they was like, Hey man, we've been purchased by Adidas and we're not really doing much. I like, what do you mean we're not doing, we need to fucking do a deal. Now we get some Shaq ones two, three. So the company that I'm with, authentic Brands Group, I went to my guys Jamie and, and Corey. I was like, man, we need to buy a Reebok. Because I remember at a time we were never number one, but we were never number three. We was always a respectable. Number two, they got Mike, we got Shaq, y'all got LeBron and Kobe and all those guys. And we got ai. We was right there in the conversation.


The first viable lesson I learned. 'cause when I came in I was like, Hey man, where's the high tops? They was like, we don't do high tops. Like, I don't do what you don't do. We're doing high tops. We're doing high tops. Come on now. I brought my son in to help me speak the language of these youngsters. 'cause as you guys know, these fucking youngsters, crazy Different dudes man. Different dude man. So my, My son was very smart, You know, I told him very well. He knows that he can't confront me. So he said, dad, I want you to come to the, to with me. So I go to the tournament and he is like, I don't want you to watch the game. I, I want you to look at all the shoes. And I'm like, okay, smart guy. Low tops. And, and I'm talking 20 fucking courts.


Not just one court is like low Tops, right? Like a stadium full of courts. Yeah. Low tops. Low tops. I like, holy shit, everybody what's right. We don't even do high tops no more. Everybody Shooting threes, Man. Change my attitude. But like I said about the championship experience, I said, okay, I know I'm the president, but pipe down a little bit and, and you don't have to, you know, you know, come in with your shoulders broad. Just listen to the people and see what they say and just be a great teammate. So we launched our, our first shoe a and the first Sunday I had to to make was Angel Reese. 'cause I know her. Oh yeah, The LU connection's. The type that's right. She, she's the type that, so I went to her, I said, listen, I could do something nobody's gonna do for you. What's that? So I can give you LU You wanna go to Nike and where everybody else is.


Sure you wanna have your own shoe. Like it took Asia Wilson the best player in the league. She's been the Leon all alone, but she's just now got her first shoe. I said, I can do that for you right away. So that was my first signing. We're gonna go young. I signed a couple young guys and we're just gonna, you know, regrow the brand and you know, just keep, you know, putting ourself in position because it's a lot of, it's way too many shoe brands out there now. When I was coming up, it was Nike, Reebok, and maybe Converse and maybe pull on. Now when I, and I'll say this not, not to interrupt Shaq, please do this and do it. Right? 'cause there are so not only there so many shoe brands, they're all such shit. Yes. They're made so cheap, they don't feel good.


Triv knows this. I've been complaining about cleats in the NFL for like the last, what, 10 years Trav. Like something has happened where, I don't know if they've gone to cheaper materials or what's happened, but my feet like, don't, it doesn't Feel right. It's different. It's definitely the materials. They're going for lighter materials. And, And you guys have a shoe deal? Trav does. I I gotta own the on the field deal. Yeah. I, off the field is that's just, I I wear Jordans on the field. Like they're, they're 'cause they have that old school retro Jordan High top from the nineties that I really love. Yeah. I, I dunno how long your deal is. But whenever y'all want to talk about Kelsey LEAs at Reebok, I could fucking walk you in. Hey Dog, you're gonna me so excited.


No, I'm serious. I'm serious. I I could, I could walk you in personally. I got the key card. You get the football pumps going, baby. Yeah, the, okay, well, so hey, whenever y'all want talk business, let me know. Reebok was, they, they were sponsors of the people Forget they were the NFL sponsor when I first got in there. Oh hell yeah. So they Did everything, all of you jerseys, You Name it. So, you know, Adidas did a wonderful job by, by purchasing them and then taking all their deals. I was like, it, it, it was actually a brilliant move by Adidas. But now we're coming back. All right, love It. This is awesome, man. I cannot wait to see Power Moves out on Netflix. Now, did, did you and Iversson, did you, did you have any sway in bringing Iversson to Reebok or, Yes.


I, because it, I'm at the point in my life where it's never been all about me and I realize that I was the man of Reebok, but AI took it to that next level. Oh yeah. Because again, His inspiration throughout the league is crazy. Yeah. Because throughout the world, I should Say I'm, I'm a big guy and You know, I know I'm loved by many, but little guys are always love and always admired for some reason. Hey man, I gotta Don't be, don't be selling that. Nah, I aint AI's big, but hey, come on now. Sha come on. I have a question saying that. Alright, How come they didn't use you a lot at the Super Bowl? I know you were fucking pissed. Like, I don't wanna get you in trouble, but because I know you Use man, you already know we were trying, we were trying to use all the pieces.


Man, no, fuck All Whatever reason. I need the pieces to help us win the first fucking Super Bowl here. Don't be trying to do new shit. Like, I don't have to say anything. Get in trouble. But I wasn't happy about that. I'll, I'll, I appreciate that. I appreciate that. The Eagles are doing a pretty good job of bracketing me. No fuck shit Like that. No, stop it. Will you fucking stop it.com? Stop trying to be tough. I, I'll tell you what, you don't have to talk, man. I'm gonna talk before this coach, co coach. He's fucking six eight. Throw him the goddamn ball. Single coverage, double coverage. Motherfucker goal line AlleyOOP coach. That's the play You call Ali Baby Alley. I'm I'm, I'm telling you, I'm going to Coach Reed with that one Right now.


Yeah, yeah. And, and wait till you see this year, baby. I'm, I'm coming back with a little bit of that. Shaq fucking pissed off. Yeah. And ready to rock and roll man. I know you are. Alright, let's talk about the finals. How about that? What, what are we thinking? Pacers Thunder, who you, who you think is gonna take you? I think it's gonna be a very interesting finals. You get all these, these experts talk about, oh, the big market teams aren't there. Well the big market teams ain't fucking good enough. Let's Ain't good enough. It's what it Is. Hey, so now you got Shaa Gils Alexander, who's the best player in the league. Okay? And you got a guy on the other side, Tyree Halliburton, call him overrated. You kick his father out the stadium. You know, you're starting off at Madison's great garden.


You're never gonna win there. And they pull it off and they win. I think it's gonna be very exciting. I think it'll either be a sweep or close series or OKC win 40 42. Like you talk about Shaa and you talk about Tyrese, they're probably gonna, well I don't wanna say level each other out. I know Tyrese gonna do his thing. Shaa gonna do his thing, but J Dub scares me. J Doe that motherfucker can play if he has, if he has good, great games. OKC by far. But if Indiana can some somehow slow him down, I think they have a chance. I think it's gonna be fun to watch. You got two young teams that they run, they shoot threes.


I think it's gonna be very, very interesting. I'm actually doing game one and two, so I'll be there, live in the flesh and I can get a better feel at the game two. But Right now I think OKC has a nod for everybody thinking they're gonna win. But Indiana's not gonna quit. I believe it. I believe it. I'll tell you what though, man, KC is about three hours from Kansas City. I might have to go up and catch a game. No, you take your ass to OTs and, and you fucking train. Listen, I'm, hey, I, I'm working, I'm working. But a three hour drive after practice isn't terrible. I got a question. What does OT e stand for? I always hear that. Jason Knows this one. I don't know this one. Austin Organized, organized team activities. There You go.


Oh, OTAs. Okay, got it. Okay. Yeah, I, I'm like, I always thought it was off offseason training Activities or some shit. And are they mandatory? No, we Got, you got, you got four days. You got four days. This ERs mandatory and every team has a mini camp where it's mandatory. Okay. Because I see guys on Camp is the joint Thing. Okay. Because I see guys on boats and that water parks and smacking ass in the video. I'm like, aren't supposed be the ota. Hey, I ain't gonna say no names. I you figure out I like damn smacking ass. And That a wild video. That was a wild video. Oh man. I love what is the, you played in the final six time Shaq. What is there that's, that I guess is different about playing in the finals as opposed to the rest of the postseason or regular season?


It's different because whoever you think you are, whoever they say you are, now it's time to prove it. First time I went, oh, It just fucking got me fired the fuck up. Exactly. First time I went, oh, he's the new face of the league. He beat Jordan, him and Penny were the next Magic Johnson. And then we get swept. So now I'm fucking pissed. So now I gotta come in the next season and try to do it all over again. It's like making a fucking perfect sandwich and it's your last piece of bread and you fucking drop it And you fucking drop it drop. Everybody knows that feeling, man, that I'm saying.


Only do everybody knows that sandwich. Not only do you drop it, you drop it on the dirtiest fucking floor and he goes over here and you see a fucking bug run on top of your bread. So now like, fuck, I gotta start all over. So, and then as you know, being great athletes, it's not guaranteed the next year. Nope. Right. So then I fucking go back and I lose again. Then I was like, you know what, I'm going to another team. And then You get swept and then You get swept and then you lose and then You get swept. You just fucking, it just, ah. So I've always said to myself, if I get back, I'm gonna let people know I am what I say I am and I am what the fuck you think I am and I'm gonna prove it. So that's why that first finals, I I I, I tried to damn the average 40, like I always said to myself, you need to average seven points a quarter and then maybe eight points a quarter when You get to the postseason.


But I was like, You know, I need to average 10 points a quarter, free throws, and I need to somehow average fucking 40. So when I got that first one, it was a, a relief And five buckets a quarter. Like that's, that sounds so doable for, for the diesel, you know what I mean? It is. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Damn. If you break it down like that, fuck, When I got that first one, I was like, yeah, what the fuck you motherfuckers gonna say now gimme my props. And then they, they, they let you rest for two days, but then can he do it again? Right. Yeah. I'm like, fuck you challenging me again. You challenging me again. Oh, he, you know, he likes to do rap albums and fucking movies and you know, he shouldn't have won this one or, you know, the this and that and you know, the referee did that.


So I'm like, okay, so now I go get two and then I'm like, okay, what? They're like say it, say I'm the fucking best in the league. Mike's not here. Just fucking say it. Oh, can can it be a dynasty? Like, can even imagine. So It's always Something man. The fact that, yeah, the fact, and then I, I give all the credit to my father because growing up, after you win, you take the trophy away. Like you remember playing youth football on Saturday and come to the house and a little cookout by Sunday that motherfuckers nowhere to be found. So one day finally I got the courage. So cool man to ask him, be like, Hey man, where are my trophies at Helix? Like, I don dunno, motherfucker, go get another one.


So that's why. So that's why growing up, football, baseball, basketball, track and field, I did everything except wrestling. So like, it was just like, I'm, I'm trying to get another trophy just to put in the house just to, you know, impress him. So when I got that first, that, that first m in M-V-P-N-B-A final MVP trophy, I took her to the house. We had a party and he's like, you know, this motherfucker staying with me, right? I wanted take to my house. He's like, I was like, what do you mean? You know the routine? You know the One Yeah. I like, I like, I'm like, I'm like, for what? Fuck I love motherfuckers on ESP and talking shit about you. Yeah, they talk. I like, he was like, he, it was like never enough for never Enough baby.


It's never enough. This ERs why when I sit back and look at all the stuff I did, I got, I I really, And you already know you gotta start from square one. You gotta get back to the basics early on in the off season. You gotta, you gotta build that thing so that by the time you're, you're into, You know, I mean the beginning of the season, you even then you still have to build it throughout the season. So. Yep. I Love it. That's great fatherly advice right there, man. Yep. So I just wish these teams well ask me anything. Fuckers. Let's Do It. We're brothers. And we're brothers And we're brothers. What I gotta, I gotta ask you, what was your, what was your favorite version of Shaq was your favorite version of Shaq in la of Orlando?


Like what was your favorite stop? My favorite stop would probably be LA 'cause I had another guy with me that was just as crazy as I was. Nice. And you know, a lot of people, like If you had all over to do again to have a better relationship, what would you do? Answer was nothing. Yeah, I know. I drove him crazy because as a leader, that's what you do. Yeah. I'm sure there's a lot of guys on your football team that, you know, they're really good but you know, they can be a whole lot better. So you push him, you push their buttons. Like I used to tell him he wasn't great. Like I don't give a fuck what they said about you. This, this is my fucking team. I'm the man motherfucker and you follow suit. And he used to drive him crazy. Yeah, he used to drive him crazy.


But I know that like, listen, I know I got to average 2030. What you going to do your little punk? And He was trying to always outdo me. So once we, And he's a competitor so. Right. That's what I'm saying. He already know he is gonna try and answer that bell. No doubt. So Phil developed a system. Go to fucking Shaq early, get him involved. If he's not hitting the free throws, Kobe is your show. Yeah. And that system fucking worked and worked and worked and it worked. So all the problems y'all thought we had were not really lifestyle realistic problems. They were workplace, big brother, little brother problems. Like I'm, I asked, I asked you Jason about did you and Travis ever fight? And you told me one story, but I know there's a million fucking stories.


Oh yeah. Come On now. Oh yeah. But if, but If you look at the outcome, both of y'all are great. I know you push your little brother Travis to be great. I know he probably wanted to outdo you and beat you up and all that stuff. But it causes greatness. Like, you know, when you're a leader, you either focus on the relationship or you focus on the task. I am focusing on the task. And sometimes when you focus on the task, the relationship may dwindle. My favorite, my favorite documentaries are looking at these teams. They're like, holy shit. You thought the Bulls run was perfect. Yeah. Right. I didn't know they had to like, that was, that was the greatest documentary in my life. Because you know what? It made me feel like I was normal and all the shit that I was doing was like, Mike did the same shit.


Right. I'm not crazy. Yeah. Oh, Thank you Jordan, Scotty and Mike. Y'all Gotta be on. You gotta have a little crazy in you man. You just gotta have a little crazy. Do you keep everybody on edge? You do. I'm glad you brought that up. 'cause I watched that documentary and one of the guys, I had a lot of respect for that. I had always thought Phil just got surrounded by great players. I was one of those naive people. And then you watch that documentary, you see how great he was at getting the best outta all of the players and the personalities and like, what was it like playing for him in la You know, Phil treated you like a man. Yeah. Like, I always used to go to Phil, like, Hey man, you better get this little motherfucker. He was like, no serious. I'm like, you better get him.


And Phil was like, no. I'm like, why? He is like, I always want him to have that aggression. And and Phil was one of those smooth talk guys. Never raised his voice. Like Right. The way he explained it is like, if we take his aggression away, we'll ruin him and you're gonna need him down the stretch. Just work through it. And I, so I'm, I'm, I'm, when I was leaving, I was like, this motherfucker just mind fucked me. I like it worked. No serious. It's So good. Because I used to go to his office and be like, Phil, you better get this motherfuckering out. You gotta handle this shit. I'm Gonna handle it in a different way. And he was, and he was like, no, I'm never taking this aggression away. Yeah. Michael had that same aggression. I see something in the kid, y'all gotta work it out.


That's so cool, man. He know. Treated us like, man, like If you go back to those days, like Phil never had really much to say about our, our so-called problems. Like he said, no, I'm, I'm, I'm not gonna take his aggression away. Let him, I'll, I'll, you know, hone him in every now and then, like, hey, doing that, but you gonna need this kid down the stretch. I love it. The first finals, you know, I'm playing grade, I'm averaging 40, but it was one game I, I I foul out. I'm like, fuck. And, and the fucking kid looks at me and he goes like this. And I said, what? He was like, I got your diesel. Watch this. And the motherfucker took over the game and he actually helped us regain momentum for this. And then the next thing, we both did our thing and we was able to win our first one.


But if he don't go off in that game, I may not be able to get that first one. So I needed him. We used each other, we drove each other crazy. But You know, I have a little brother and I do the same thing, my little brother. And then when you told me that story, Jason, it made me feel normal. I was like, you know what, a lot of people outside of the sting of eyes that don't understand you understand the language. Your brother understand the language and Kobe understood the language. So, you know, they, they always ask me, what would you do different? Nothing. Nothing at all. Oh yeah. I am getting fucking Goosebumps Right now. He's a real one man. Yeah, man, it is unbelievable. You just got such a good way of describing it, man. It's, it's fucking, he fires me the fuck up, man.


Thank you.


Howdy. Y'all. Before we get to more of this Shaq interview, quick message from our friends at DRAFT KINGS. That's right. I can't be a part of this segment, as you guys know, I'm still playing and I don't wanna get caught up with any gambling, so I'm gonna shoot it over to two guys who can be a part of this turn. Brandon and Jets. Jake. Hey. Hey, it's us all Right now. That's right. Bye Travis. That's right Travis. I'll see you guys. Travis. Bye Travis, Thank you to our partner at DRAFT KINGS this week for the NBA finals. Jake and I are gonna be playing DRAFT KINGS Pick six. We're each gonna pick one square from pick six board and build you guys a nice little pick set for those who are unfamiliar. All you need to do to create a pick set is choose two or more players and select whether they'll have more or less than a certain stat and play for a huge cash prize. So Jake, who is the first player? I would like to say, you making me do this after the Knicks rip my heart out last week is just, oh, it's weird. Oh, it's much better If you could pick a Knicks player, couldn't it? But you can't, Can't you? Yeah, would've. It would've been great. Tough. It would've been so great. That's tough. But because I can't, I'm gonna be riding with the thunder obviously. I'm gonna go with Chet Holmgren more than 16 and a half points. Ooh, this is Jake's hater's pick. Okay, this is my hater pick. I'll complete the pick set here. I'll complete the pick set here. I'm going to go Jake, don't listen. I'm gonna go with Tyree Halliburton More points. I'm gonna go with Tyree Halliburton. He had a great series in the these conference finals. Unless you're Jake and you hated it. Either way, that is our pick set for the Week. And as much as I hate Tyrese Halliburton, they are running a promo Right now where you can get more than 0.5 Tyrese Halliburton points. Think even as a hater. That's too good to pass up. Those Are just the two picks we're sharing today. But you can make your whole pick set on the Pick six app now. And if You get all six picks correct you at a minimum 25 times your cash dunk on your competition. And it might be worth 500 times your cash. That's type of upside pick six provides. Now that everyone knows about some of the awesome picks available on DraftKings, pick six. You are ready for the NBA finals. And for those of you who haven't checked them out yet, you can get a new customer offer. All new customers who play $5 will get $50 in bonus picks available in most states, including Texas, California, and Missouri. Get in on the action now. Download the DraftKings pick six app and sign up using code New Heights. Jason pick six and pick upside Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open owner access and advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply Void. Where prohibited opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only must win to share $1 million cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


Friends and family? Anyone watching this Right now you guys? Oh no, I can't stop drinking my favorite energy drink. ACCELERATOR. Yeah, ACCELERATOR. It's absolutely delicious and I bring it with me everywhere I go. I literally bring at least two cases on every plane I go on. Well, Trav, I don't know where you have been bringing ACCELERATOR, but any place Cool. Lately I've taken it everywhere that I've been Jason, but I do take it absolutely everywhere and I drink it at least once a day. I just don't feel like myself anymore without drinking it. That's how much of a part of my life it is Now. Many are saying that this is by far the best energy drink in the market. Speaking of market, you can go and get this can that I am sipping Right now at Hy-Vee Giant Eagle, HEB and quick Trick, go stock up on the energy drink. They uses 100% natural caffeine and accelerates your metabolism without the sugar crash.


Thank you to our sponsor Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking with Allstate first. Like, you know, to check if you've got your wallet before getting in line at the grocery store. Like, you know, to check If you have all the ingredients before you start baking. Jason, Like you know, if you've got a hand on the tush before pushing, Oh baby, that's what I'm talking. They gotta no hands on. The Checking first is smart. So check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. All State fire and casualty insurance company in affiliates Northbrook, Illinois,


You don't want vacation to end. But with Amex Platinum, you earn five times membership. Rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. So you're already planning the next one. Book your room with fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel and get an upgrade when available. Plus guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout so you have time to check out the pool before flying off to what's next. That's the powerful backing of American Express term supply. Learn more at American Express dot com slash with mx CST 1 0 2 2 3 1 8.


What had everybody else fired up? And, and at least emotional was the end of the NBA ONT NT the the other week man, after 35 seasons, it was the end of NBA ONT NT. But inside the NBA is headed to ESPN. So you guys are staying together, right? Yeah, we're staying together And You know, I I I I've been getting a lot of flack about this lately because I have no emotions, wasn't allowed to have emotions growing up. Okay. Of course when certain things come in, like Kobe passing away, I cried like a baby. My sister passed away, I cried, my father passed away and crying. But other than that, I don't really have emotion. So everybody's sad and all that.


But I turned it around and I just bring it into military style. What I mean by that is, when I played in Orlando, it was four years. And you guys know military terms is is four years. So I spent one term in Orlando. Yeah, I played eight years in la I spent two terms there, two terms. I played one term in Miami, I've been to TT for 12 years. That's three terms. Wow. Now it's time to do something different. Like, you know, Ernie, my my good guy the other day, you know, he down on why everybody was sad. He is like, man, we're not gonna be able to see At&t anymore. And I was like, yeah, I understand. But we're still together. The four horsemen are still together. Still it, and it's time to go to a new Army base and take the fuck over. Yes. And I let everybody know that I'm going to that net that that next network I'm on they ass in the in quotes who's ever in the you?


Espn. Yeah. So yeah, I told them, I said, Hey, I'm whoever's in our way, we're on our, we don't know what the show's gonna be. We don't know what it look like, but us four together, I'm sure we'll be able to figure out, oh man, I don't get sad. Don't get happy. Yeah. So That show in sports baby, You know, a lot of people, they, Hey man, you need to show emotions that's not healthy. My thing is, I've been very successful doing it this way. Why would I change? Exactly. Yeah. Imagine me being soft Jason and est. Do you want me to be soft? You want me to be soft? No Man. Want you to be the Baby. That's what I'm saying. IIII can't do it. I Will have to ask you this.


What's your, what's your favorite moment from the show on ONT NT Charles? Talk about the women from San Antonio. San Antonio And on and, and hold on. This is one for the intern to do it later when he is edited. And If you haven't seen Charles talk about women from San Antonio, here's a clip right here. There we go. Shaq, there we go. This guy's a pro. They do Have some big old women on, I mean, come on now. See what you see what you do to him. Oh my God. I'm sure living in San Antonio, you saw it from a completely different angle. But that shit's hilarious. We, we had a woman one time where like, like they never called us in for like, you know, pregame and tell us what they're gonna do.


But we get up, I get the phone one day emergency meeting, so we fucking get there like two o'clock shows not till seven. You got all the big wigs coming down and it was like, Charles, you know, you're talking about the women from San Antonio, we need you to apologize and that. So Charles says, okay. He's like, okay, I'm sorry. So we get to the show and Ernie starts the show and he's like, Ernie, can I say something? He said, you know what, I like to joke around and talk about the people from San Antonio, but If you think I'm gonna apologize, oh and just went off. I'm telling you now. If you think I'm gonna apologize, hell's gonna freeze up. You ain't gotta like the show. You can fire me Right now.


Don't get paid my car. He just went off. I was like, oh my God, this is the best thing ever. So good. So good. I'm not apologizing nothing. Santo was a great time. Y'all know y'all got some big old woman, You know, I just be joking. And he just fucking went out and I was like, oh my God, he's the funniest guy ever In tears, man. What was it like joining the show in 2011? Yeah, compared to like what, how it, how it's, how it is Right now. I Was nervous and I was terrible because I wanted to be on my Brian Gumball Oh, Okay. And use my hands and, and the producer TK called me one day and said, If you keep doing that, you're not gonna be here. We want you to be Shaq.


I was like, what does that mean? He's like, fucking be Shaq. I was like, oh, I get to do that. Yeah. So once I realized that I was able to just be myself because good game, bad game doesn't matter after the show. They want to hear experience, they want to hear stories and they want to hear tactics from respectable people. Like, I don't know a lot about football. I'm listening to both of you motherfuckers because I know what y'all did. I'm listening. I don't give a fuck what you say. You should wear Pink Socks. The motherfuckers should wear pink socks. I I know what I, I I listen, I've seen it firsthand what both of you have done in Championship Ion. So y'all are like ah to me. So I know when you listen to a Shaq, you must know what he's talking about.


Been there six times. Hell yeah. Barkley's a hall of Famer. Kenny's won it, run it twice. So you know, and then we add a little fun to it. A lot of humor to it. And I think that's what's always made our show great. Oh I don't respect people that don't really know about this thing of us. I will respect your opinion but If you ain't really been there and done that, it's tough that, that's just me. Like there's a lot of great guys that do a lot of great job of commentating. But if I can ask, how do you know that means that you're a little bit unreliable? Like you guys know Interesting. Like you know what it is in the, in the Super Bowl situation, you know what it is in the playoff situation, you know what it is in the Mu win situation and a bi week and all that shit.


You guys know, I don't know I'm Shaq but I'm Shaq over here in this world. Yeah. Just because I'm a commentator on mean. I know it's so, the fact that we all have that experience that people know we have, I think that and then we're allowed to be ourselves. I think that's what, you know, makes it very, very exciting. Alright, We're gonna ask this. I know you've been asked this a million times, what's your all time starting five? Shaq Curry At the One Curry. Okay. Kobe at the two. Jordan at the three. Tim Duncan at the four. Okay. And me at the five. I mean, god damn, that's A good ass team. Nobody's leading that team.


But like, I hate, like, I hate doing these lists because I don't know, I don't know how your guys are gonna edit it, right? But let's just say I did that to somebody that didn't like us and then they'll lead it off with Shaq excludes LeBron. Right. And like it causes like, you know, unnecessary beef. That's not the way we do it. Exactly. I know, but No, I know, I understand. But I'm just saying like, I hate doing these lists 'cause You know, I don't want people to think I'm dis them, but you ask me my team. Yeah. I need a shooter. Yeah. I need the best shooter in the world. Yeah. Second guy I named is is is a guy who I helped raise. I know he's a fucking dog. I know what he's gonna do. Yeah, yeah, exactly. There's a guy and the other guy Jordan is the guy everybody looks up to and I it's on everybody's list.


Exactly. And I know Kobe gonna be trying to do what Jordan trying to do. So you got Steph shooting threes when I get double, you got Kobe and Michael doing this inner thing and then you got the big fundamentals taking that motherfucker facing you up, shooting off the glass, off the glass and then you got me. That's my team. That's it. I mean That's damn a good roster roster Right now. Hell yeah. I always hate these lists just 'cause I feel like it's hard to go when you're going different generations of, at least for football. Like, I don't know how guys that played in the eighties and nineties would fair up today. Or especially guys that played in the sixties are gonna play against modern day. Like the game has changed so much. And I imagine it's similar in the NBA, but, And I love those questions because it's really not an answer.


Like, we'll, we'll never know. So basically it is your, I seen, I seen a guy in the fucking barbershop almost come to blows. We're talking about if Jordan could play in this era I'm talking about they was. I love it. Fucking really good motherfucker too. Like I'm just sitting there watching like, and that fucking Jordan could play. No, he could. It's just going off. I have a question for you, Travis. What's good, Has anyone ever hit you and made you kind, I, I know you're not a punk, I know you're not scared, but has anybody ever hit you or made you like say, okay, I need to watch out for this motherfucker because he hit me so hard. I was, Bernard Pollard got me my first game ever in the league. And I ever since then, my head and I was so much more aware of what coverages they were in before the ball was even snapped.


Like I told myself, I was like, man, I gotta stay out of that Situation. Right? Right. Because I, I could have ran my route slightly different to avoid the, the like the aggressive head-on collision. He would've still lit my shit up. But it would've, You know, I would've at least been going in a different direction than instead of like looking back at, at Alex Smith going directly at him. That was probably the, the one time where I was like, I got up and was like, what the fuck just happened? Got it. Like, it would took me a second to realize just like, because it all happened so fast and I was, I was typically a bigger guy in college and amongst, You know, I mean the Big East and, and the, and the guys that size Bernard Pollard was 6 3, 6 6 1 6 3 somewhere in there.


And like a big like old time, like safety size. So when he hit me, I felt like a train just came through and just smoked me. I'll give you two, I'll give you two. Shaq one, Brandon Spikes. Ooh. I went up against this duty play for New England. I big Brand bro. This dude had the biggest thickest head and we're in training camp playing the New England Patriots. Biggest thick head. We're in, IM telling you We're in training camp, we're in training camp. We run this, we run this little pin and pull play where me and the right guard pull and I'm supposed to block it, but he beats me to the hole and just decapitates the right guard. And I'm like, oh, we're strapping up today boys put the mouthpiece in. Like that's the way it's gonna be, bro. You would hit him and your whole head would hurt.


It was crazy. I don't know how, how, and then another guy, Gerard Davis who played for Detroit, this motherfucker wouldn't even try and make the tackle. He would, we would be looking at each other right before the play. Like we know we're both about to hit each other and he would just come and we would both like two rams just playing in the middle of a field, butting heads. So much so that the ref came up to me after like the 10th play of us doing this. Like the, the whole game's happening. But outside of this whole game, it's just me and this dude and we're just buttoning our head every single and it's like, ha cow and the ref and the ref, the ref comes up to me in the huddle. He's like, man, you and 40 are really going at it. I like, I'm like, alright.


So it isn't just in my head, this is actually, this Is, no, this looks what it feels like Doug and you. I'm like, and this dude was hit so hard. I, I never understood. I'm like, dude, If you just tried to make a tackle, you'd probably be one of the best line packers at the NFL. But all he wanted to do was knock people out. It was crazy. That's crazy. That Was the league baby. I have one more before we get to this last segment I was gonna ask you, I just came back to my memory growing up. Like I know there was nobody that was really, you're, you're the most dominant that's ever do done it because of the size your athleticism, your mentality. But was there anybody that you tried to like kind of channel or take pieces of their game and bring 'em to yours when you were growing up?


Great question. Shaquille O'Neal is a mixture of Patrick Ewen. Okay. David Robinson. Yeah. And Magic Johnson. Nice. You know, you know Kenny Smith said this the other day. He said the reason why the, the league is the way it is because everybody's a product of their environment. When I was really started dominating all the other centers would get scared and try to step out and shoot jumpers. Yeah. Okay. So as I'm saying now, now you got the Dirks and you got the kgs and you got the Tim Duncans. They were, they were phenomenal post players, but they also shot a lot of jumpers. So now the, so now the kids are watching them, like when I was coming up it was fucking jump hooks and drop steps and dunks.


That's because I saw Mr. Patrick Ewen. Do you wanna hear a funny story about Patrick Ewen, please? I saw him the other day. Patrick Ewen. Patrick, I, I, I, I actually saw him the other day. He was like, man, we used to have some battles here. I was like, bro, you were my idol coming to high school. And his eyes got wide and he was like, for real? He was like, you didn't fucking know that you're my idol high school. You guys had so many battles. That's Why he was like, for real. I was like, pat, I wore 33, I wore the fucking knee pads. That's 'cause he did it. Yeah. Like he had no idea. So That's crazy. So I grew up watching those guys and then, You know, I remember watching Dave Robinson run the fucking floor run and catch that AlleyOOP. So I went to my friend Joe Cavalier was like, we gonna try this play in high school here when the guy leans, I'm gonna fucking spin and you throw it up and, and did that in high school and college.


And then Magic Johnson was a big guy that can handle the ball and you know, make fashion plays. So those were the three guys that I tried to pattern myself after. And then there's one more guy, Ronnie ly, when he was in college, he used to dunk and get his knees up. Oh. So If you look at That's where we got the Shaq logo. Exactly. So I did that one time in the game in high school playing against some little kids and the whole gym got terrified. And I was like, holy shit, I figured something out. Yeah. So every time I dunk, every time I dunk, I try to get my knees. I would, which which makes you look powerful, makes you look like you're trying to tear the rim down. So that was, you know, it's crazy. Nobody's ever asked me that question, but that's who I, you know, patterned my game after, man.


Awesome. I love it. I love it. Who would've knew Patrick? Chewing baby. Yes. Legend. This Is our last segment, Shaq. We're gonna rapid fire some questions at you. Feel free, you don't gotta answer it. It's called, we gotta ask. Let's do it. Do you remember your first dunk? Yes. How old were you? 16. Everybody remembers their first one. I was having a game, you know, remember I told you Magic Johnson was one of my guys. This game, this game, I'm on my Magic Johnson shit. Tallest guy on the tallest guy on the other team is six foot. So I'm gonna get it, take off the glass, just lay it up. So I got 40 by the end of three. And one time I crossed the dude up and I finger roll it and I miss, and my father's in his, like, my father was the guy that's never impressed.


Like he would be the guy that if I have 40 and miss 10 free throw, you shoulda had 50 pussy. So like, I'm, I'm, I'm doing all this shit in the game trying to impress him. He's not smiling. So I cross the dude up AI's the ha finger roll and miss, he walks on the corner, his army fatigues timeout. Like we're in the middle of the game, call the timeout. So I call the timeout and say come outside. So I go outside. He said, There's no way this is real. This could not be, no this is real. I promise you this is real. So, so, so we go outside the gym, little gym. 'cause you know, my, you know, graduating class was 39, but from nine to 12 was only 200 kids. Small gym, one side the bleach. You said go outside, say Yo man, what the fuck you doing?


So You know, I I'm, I'm all American. Cool. It's like, man, I'm just working on my magic. And before I could say Johnson, Wha fuck Magic Johnson, Shaquille knew and start dunking this shit. I'm tired of watching this shit. So now it's, and then again, and then again, remember I told you about emotions, it hurt, but I can't go in the gym crying. Right? Yeah. Shouldn't do. But everybody like, like all my boys already knew what the fuck happened. Saw it on your face. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so now I go in the gym and I'm looking at the coach and he calling the play. I like That, fuck that play. Gimme the ball. Yeah. So he got me the ball and I'm, and now he's celebrating. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. Yeah. Kill that little motherfucker.


That's my Son. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got a motherfucker six two though. So after that I was like, oh. So that was 6, 6 16 my junior year. And I was six 11. Not that I couldn't dunk one time I tried to dunk in a game in the midst and I missed a six 11. So I kind of, You know, I wanted, everybody was laughing so I kind of just, you know, shy away from him. But he, he took me outside Broing and touched me up. And I've been dunking ever since, bro. Can You imagine the guy that was on the receiving end of this, on the other team? Just like, Listen, God Myre me. Why don't you fire up my day? Yes. My dad was, my dad was six, eight, drill sergeant, PT every morning.


Motherfucker was solid. Everybody the whispers throughout the entire commander there just like, Hey listen, If you're playing Shaq his, if his dad takes him outside in the middle of the game, just quit. Throw the towel, get off the court, throw the towel, it's gonna get ugly. But, but it was like a smack that was heard throughout the gym. 'cause before I left, it was cheerleaders. And soon as I walked in, everybody was like Eggshells. That is such a wild Story and is so amazing. And I'm looking at everybody and the coach is like, okay, we're gonna run. I like, we're not running that plane. Get a fucking Ball, Dude. Gimme the fucking ball Man. Oh, I love this.


That's fucking legendary. You do. You got a, you got a favorite dunk of all time. My favorite dunk of all time is two of them. And I actually just seen this dude the other day, Chris Dudley. And he loved the, oh yeah. I was like, are you trying to fight or you trying to gimme a hug? He started laughing. I started getting hug. So nice. I took it as a sign of respect when you didn't double me. So I'm backing, I don't even know who's on me. Like, you know that switch. I'm like, I know this ain't fucking Chris Ley. So I take one little dribble to double still like him. I take, you know, he's trying to, so I'm like, hmm. I take one dribble. I like the fuck, I take two dribble. I even carry on the second one. I was like, oh, these motherfuckers not coming now I gotta take that and then just drop step and then boom.


And like he was all on me and I was like, fuck off me. And, and, and then my second favorite dunk was game seven. Portland's kicking ass. They are kicking our ass. So we come to the time out in the fourth quarter in Phil Jackson. Him, I told you used to like mind play with your minds. Alright guys, great year. They're kicking your ass. I'll see you next year. So now we're like, Kobe's pissy said it, I'm pissed. He said, I like man, fuck that. Let's go on a little run. Legendary quote, Man. Kobe's in Kobe mode. He's getting to the hole and two people, three people, he don't care. He know he has to score. And I'm telling him the whole time, man, that fucking Labb is open. Alright. Alright. Amen.


That Labb is open. So we made kind of eye, eye contact. I don't wanna say he winked at me, but he looked at me and he crosses Scotty up at the top of the key. You know what, I'm not gonna even talk about the clip. Here it is right here. Yeah. Brandon, enter Brandon. Don't you fuck that up? Yeah. Don't you fuck that up. It Be on your shit, Brandon? Yes. That was, but that was like the, the backdoor oop, the spinoff of him and the goat man. Iconic. No, No, that, that was the one where he crossed Scotty up and he got in the middle lane and he threw the motherfucker up too high and I had to go get it. Oh, Brandon, Brandon right there Throwing up. Kobe throwing up. Yeah.


Kobe good pass. Yes sir. That one right there. That place is fucking rocking. Oh my God. Because I kept telling him, I was like, yo man, the lo is there. He was like, because the, because listen, one thing, one thing about Kobe, when when Kobe gets in, killer won, don't fucking talk to him. Like he not trying to hit nothing. Like he knows he's in tech mode. He's going to score first. If anything. I'm like, yo man, that lab is there. All right. Yo, Kobe, the lo was there, motherfucker. I said the lo was, yeah, all right. And then like he at the top of the key, he gives me one of things right there and I'm like, huh, huh Is this it? And then he threw it up, the motherfucker threw up too high. I had to fucking go. I was like, Oh, don't. And then, and then, you know, as you see, I didn't catch it.


Like I just, I, I, I myself, I said to myself, I get my hands on, just fucking punch it through. Play it again. Brandon. Hurry up Brandon. It one more time Brandon. He's not ready. He's not ready. Come on Brandon. Look right here. See, he backs it right there and right there. He said okay boo. Yeah. See that hand? That's the, he threw it and I just fucking slapped. Yeah, just slapped it through. That's fucking electric talk. The whole crowd. That place Is going ape shit. Oh my Gosh. You can watch that shit all day, Man. I had to slap it through.


Spiked It. Oh man. Absolutely legendary man. That's fucking Electric. Which was worse. Eating the, the hot chip on inside the NBA or eating the bomb on hot ones, The hot chip ONT NDI thought I was gonna die. That fucking, the hot chip chat lu, that was the, that was the craziest experience I've ever been through. That was, that ruined me for the next three days. Yeah. That was the worst experience ever. It ruined me for three days straight. I was shitting out fire. It was Ridiculous. I was too, I ate it and I aimed it and it wasn't that hot, but because it was an old dry chip, I was like, lemme drink some water. That water activated And Then activated it, it activated to where my throat started closing.


So I'm the type, but like I go to the top, I'm like, I know I'm not about to die. ONT t my throat. I like, so then I had to drink more water and that shit just kept getting hot. I like, huh. But then I remember, and this is how I got my icy hot deal one day, I had a fucking thigh bruise and the trade rub, icy hot on it, and that shit rose up to the boys. Oh. Oh yeah. You know, my shit got so fucking hot. Oh no. So I'm in the shower one day, like, ah, and the Spanish guy was like, S sen or milk. I was like, what he milk? I like, what the fuck you mean milk? I like, bro, you playing with me? He's like, no, pop, we eat a lot of spicy foods. No pop. Yeah. He was like, no, poppy. We eat spicy foods and the cap station, you put milk on it.


So I said, here, a hundred dollars, go get me milk. So I'm in the shower pouring milk on my bottle and everybody, but it worked. I said, so, so now that I'm, I'm like, oh, I need some water. I took, Hey, go get me some milk. So I'm in a bag drink. He was like, why you drinking milk? I like, it stops the cap. Oh my god. Hell yeah. That shit was so hot. I went, I went ice cream. But I, like I said though, it ruined me for the next three days. Oh, ice cream works too. I think it's any dairy. Yeah. Okay, Okay. It's, I think it's fat, fat for some reason. It, it, it messes with the caps. Got It. What do You think of the new magic jerseys? I haven't seen Them. Brandon. Good time to shine. They brought back the pin stripes.


I like the one on the right. Ooh, the one on the right with that 32 would've been fucking nice. The black. See I like it. Pin stripe. I like it. Yeah, it's good. Zak boys. Yeah, those are my favorite. Those are my favorite brothers since the Kelsey Brothers. This Zak Boys. Yes. Hold on. I just made a idea for you guys do reality show. Okay. A million dollars prize. The best brothers in the world be the Wagner boys. You, the Mannings, the twins that play for Detroit and Houston. Be like five teams and y'all just go through three crazy obstacle courses. Listen, If you do the show, I want Executive producer. Okay. I like, listen, I'm in. That's a great fucking show.


They don't wanna see me and Jason in on this one. I promise you that. I, I I know. I I I know that, that's what I'm saying. A great show. I bet on That. What was your welcome to the NBA moment? My welcome to the NBA moment with my first one, because I'm a crazy kid. First time I felt scared. So Chicago had a old stadium and you gotta walk up the stairs and when you walk up the stairs, yeah. They play that Old Bulls music. Yes. And that fucking laser show. Come on. And there he is, God. And there he is. The same guy that was on your poster in high school, in college. Yeah. And he's there. He acknowledges you, but he gives you a look like, motherfucker, I'm about to kill you.


Like I, because I see him, I'm like, what's up? My motherfucker like, I'm like, oh shit man. It's the first time I got. And then like, you, you go for a shot and he's right there and he comes down and he doesn't move. And I'm like, this motherfucker's perfect. But the moment that changed it was, he came like, even though I'm terrified, I'm never gonna show you. I'm terrified. So he came off a screen one time and he shot. I didn't block it, but I was right there. I was like, aha, he's human. I figured. So, so after that I was okay, but the first time going to playing against Jordan, I was freaking my heart was going. And then I was like, you know what? He's Mike.


But I have to play. Well, I, I didn't do bad. I didn't do great, but I think I held my own. But I was terrified out there. I can only imagine what it was Like shaking. That's awesome man. Shaq, thank you for the stories Big dog. Thank you for your time. Yep. Tell your families I said hello and I'll definitely see you guys again. You Know it man. You're the best man. You best man. You know I can't wait to watch these, these first two of these finals. Hold on, hold on, hold. And can't wait to watch. Power Moves out now on Netflix. Everybody, I Gotta show you guys something. Two seconds. Take your time. I gotta tell you Shaq, I don't even need to see the edit. This is probably one of the best episodes we've ever done and we didn't do nothing.


That's my favorite song in the world. Brother didn't know, Just got this song back too. Oh yeah. Just bought all their music back so it's finally hers too. Man. I appreciate that dog. Alright, Love you guys. Love you Everybody. That dude, so Well that was fucking electric. Oh baby. Some people just know how to tell a fucking story and just be themselves. God damn man. I was over here. Just fucking relish it in that man. The diesel man. Incredible. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this one, man. All that Wraps up another episode of New Heights. Jason next week Chiefs fans, we got a great guest for you. That's right, Baby Steve Spagnola is coming on.


That's right. We're getting the old Ball Coachs defensive coordinator, one of the best to ever do it. So make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to New Heights Jason Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcasts.


You can listen to new episodes of New Heights, Jason early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. That's right. Once again, New Heights Jason, A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by AUDIBLE. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for all you 92 percenters. Appreciate you guys tuning in. Hopefully you guys enjoyed the Shaq dish as much as we did and thanks to our production and crew for always making us look good. We love you guys and we'll see you guys next week with my guys Spags. I gotta leave this on to the uploads, right? You Know it. Yes. That's Riverside. You know The rules. You know I thank you so much. Love you guys. Shaq, That was amazing, man. All right, thank you so much time, Sir. That was, Brandon was so fun. You actually did a great job. I was saying to myself, I was saying to myself, If you fuck up one time, one more time, you're gonna be working at fucking Doritos Taste testing spicy Doritos. But you know what? Thank you. You did a good job. No, yeah, you did a good job. Alright guys, love you. Follow New Heights on the Wondery app or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights, Jason, early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Every big moment starts with a big dream, but what happens when that big dream turns out to be a big flop From Wondery and at Will Media, I'm Misha Brown and this is the big flop. Every week comedians join me to Chronicle the biggest flubs fails and blunders of all time. Like Quibi. It's kinda like when you give yourself your own nickname and you try to like get other people to do it. And the 2019 movie adaptation of Cats, like If I'm watching the dancing and I'm noticing the feet aren't touching the ground, there's something wrong with the movie. Find out what happens when massive hype turns into major fiasco. Enjoy the big flop on the Wondery app or wherever You get your podcasts. You can listen to the big flop early And ad free on Wondery Plus get started with your free trial at Wondery dot com slash plus.