
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the Show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


MONOPOLY GO gives players a new way to experience the emotional and competitive rollercoaster of the legendary game. Make friends play together with friends and family and watch your empire expand along with your fortune. In MONOPOLY. GO, friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together. The next you're destroying their landmarks with a wrecking ball. Your best friends, then your bitter rivals, then your best friends. Again, south again goes. But no matter how fickle the relationship is, one thing never changes in MONOPOLY. GO. Your friends are your most valuable assets. So Join your friends and download MONOPOLY. GO today. Free on the AppStore or Google Play.


We are supported, obviously by Amazon Prime. That's right. Many of you know Prime for its lightning, fast, free shipping. That's Just the beginning. Jason Prime is a powerhouse of perks. That's right. The powerhouse of perks. Nice alliteration there. Love that. We're talking Prime video, Amazon music, prime gaming, and speedy grocery delivery. And Enduring the hectic holiday season. Prime becomes your secret weapon. That's right. Feel like cozying up and getting into a festive mood. Well just fire up Amazon Music and hit play on the holiday playlist Or drive into a heartwarming movie on Prime video. Oh, you've got your own personal winter wonderland right in your living room. Me personally, I'm just gonna buy a bunch of stuff and get it delivered ultra fast because Prime makes it happen quickly. And I'm usually the last second shopper. All right, what are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passengers you're pursuing, whatever you're into. Pretty sure it's on Prime.


Know What, go crazy. Everyone keep, keep calm. They're just drones. What are they doing? We don't know. Somebody's fucking around in their backyard. Do They have weapons? No. Can they hurt us? No better While Jason's stuffing his face. Welcome back New Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by our friends at Monopoly. Go. Go grab your friends and see why millions of people are hooked on playing this game every day. Gosh, that was, it's still such a good game.


It's undefeated. It'll forever be a good game. We're your host. I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kelsey, Cleveland Heights High School alumni, and also Cincinnati Bearcat alumni. The University of Cincinnati finally knocks down Xavier after about five years of the cross down shootout. God damn, it just feels good when you, when you can, you can win one in city, especially against your rivalry. Subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts and follow the Show on all social media at New Heights. Show with one s. Yeah, baby Jason. What's that? No, just said. Yeah. Subscribe. Yeah. Speaking of the Bearcats, you see those fucking, those Jordans right there? The Jason Tatums man. Okay.


Okay. Jordan Cincinnati. Bearcat edition. Now that the Bearcat basketball team is officially Jordan as well. Jason, well, what do we got coming up? We got a Great episode coming up here guys. We're gonna talk about Travis's Cleveland Homecoming. The Eagle's passing game seems to be just fine. Nothing to see, nothing to be worried about. And we're debuting a brand new segment. Can't wait. But first, as always. Yes sir.


New news. New news. New News is brought to you by SEATGEEK. Your ticket. Yes. To great seats. Ooh, I like That one.


Holiday release schedule. Christmas Film Club with Kylie Drops Christmas Eve. That's right. Tuesday instead of Wednesday. Another very special guest episode is gonna be coming up Thursday, January 2nd. So be ready on some awkward days because of the crazy weird schedule that the Chiefs are dealing with. Oh yeah. As well as holidays. We finally got someone, the 92 Percenters have been demanding on the January 2nd episode. Oh Yeah. We've been waiting for this one for a long time. You Remember? Everybody has, You're gonna wanna see it. You're gonna wanna see him or her. We we're not gonna give it. Well, they'll probably tell you who it's so, but anyway, we're also gonna have another Wondery Plus bonus episode dropping tomorrow.


Oh, Yep. That's right. That's right. Wonder what? So a lot of new Heights coming up to you. You, I don't even know. Yeah, I would just be ready. All news to me. I would just Be ready. It's coming when it comes. We're coming in Hot Jets. Jake will let you know on the socials. He's always on. His Twitter fingers are working quick. It's X Now the Bearcats are playing an Arrowhead. That's right. Everybody. Hey, Cincinnati Bearcats versus the Nebraska Corn Huskers. No doubt a matchup that I don't even know if the, I don't know how much history is between these two schools, but I, I've never seen these two go out teams Play. Yeah. I've never seen, I've witnessed that. I've never heard of this tea. These two teams play. So this is gonna be big. And I mean, obviously busting with the boys.


Will Compton, Nebraska, Kern Husker. Did he reach out to you? Because he reached out to me and he's ge and he's fired up about It. So, I mean, how can you not be fired up? Yeah, I Got a little, it was like right away the moment It was At House 12 Football baby at in GEHA Arrowhead Stadium. Yeah. Gha Gha ji ha. Thursday, August 12th. You see, we'll open the 2025 season versus the Corn Huskers. So it's gonna be a fun one. The the first game of the year. God, love it. Are we going? If I can make it, I'm there. Typically Sunday games, we play Sunday games. Saturdays are a pretty busy day for us. Yep. But I mean, it is right there. Yeah. If I can, if I can get over there at Arrowhead, I, I guarantee you I will be there.


Yeah. I got nothing else going on, so I'll be there. I love it. The Bearcats are playing mini Mahomes. Dude, look at this guy. Ro his dad played there as well. I forget his actual name. Timeout. This guy that looks like Mahomes is Ola the old like center for the lion's son. Son. I'm pretty sure that's why he went to Nebraska. 'cause his his father went there. Dominic Ola. Yeah. Wow. That's pretty cool. Did not know that. He looks nothing like Dominic. Can we put a foot off with Dominic? Show, show show. Ola for the lions. This guy used to be just a pit bull. Look at that. Look at This down. That's a fucking football player right there. Look at that Chip off the old block.


Let's fucking, I guess he Kind of does look like him. I hadn't even Thought about him. He's got a little bit for sure. Yeah, for sure. I think I, I think I saw Dylan at a, at a chiefs game not too long ago on the sidelines. Can't miss him. Can't miss him. Big dude, man. Big dude. You can see why, why, why he's, why he is like, he's got the size like Pat does to play the quarterback position. Dylan and Pat, I believe have the same quarterback coach in the off season. They're their non team quarterback coach. Jeff Christensen. Shout out to Christiansen. Good family. Jacob, his son is a good friend of mine as well. And they play the game very, very similarly. Obviously 15 The Hare, some of the antics are the same, but, but Dylan's got all the tools, man.


He's legit. And, and the Bearcats is gonna have their hands full the first game of the year. Next year In more Ohio news, we have the Ohio State Anti-Flag planting law. Officially put it into effect. Ohio State representative Josh Williams introduced the OHIO Sportsmanship Act on Tuesday in an attempt to curb flag planting attempts or also an attempt to be petty as fuck. The bill would prohibit planting a flagpole and flag in the center of the Ohio State football field on the day of a college football game. And to name this act, the OHIO Sportsmanship Act. I don't like it. I had so much, I'm Not gonna lie, I had so much like there.


I just, when I think of Ohio State Buckheads, I think of just toughness, man. Yeah. I Think it just, just, and I just don't think this is a, a toughness type move. Right. I just, You know, I get it. Feel soft. You want to have sportsmanship, you want to have all that, but I don't wanna shit on anybody. It is what it is. That's For the, in NCAA a to determine not an Ohio State representative. What the fuck outta here, Josh. You Stay, you you're gonna arrest him. What are, is that what you're saying? You're gonna arrest? Arrest? I Know the guy. This is all just posturing and it's just petty and I don't like it. I don't think it's cool. I think it's stupid. Some of the best parts about the rivalries are when dumb things happen like this. Obviously it was way over the top and there was full on fist fights and tear gass And other shit.


We don't need fist fights. Somebody got in trouble, don't need fist fights. And this and this. You know, I'm not a favor that, but Not a favor of it at The same time. This is just, it's it's doing a lot. It's doing a lot. But shout out to the Buckeyes. Shout out to the Wolverines. Shout out to Jason Nevada. Save the flag from hitting the ground or got it back. That's what it was. He got it back. Got it back. That's right. Ivan. Man. No, I'm, I don't know man. And last piece of new news, we got a Bill Murray and myself. Golf video that just went out on YouTube. That's right. Alright. Gen singles matches. Jason, you're playing Bill. Alright. Okay. No injuries. Yes.


That's the goal. Well, this is a club where they never lose a ball. Oh no. Awesome time. So fun. Bill was, I mean, just what you would think funny as hell and a great time. He's got a smooth swing. Yeah, Baby, you so Not so much. We gotta loosen that thing up, man. Dude, we gotta un Well, let's do it. We gotta unwind you just a little bit, man. I'm not, we gotta unwind me. Am I wound up? That thing looks tense. You just look tense out there, man. If You guys wanna check that out, you can go to, I think it's like at check shaky. I don't even know what that freaking thing's called. YouTube slash Jason Kelsey slash At Jason Kelsey on YouTube. There you go. You'll find it.


I think that's my shameless plug for the day. Nice.


That's it for new news. Brought to you by SEATGEEK.


Let's start some, some of these bold topics.


Bold topics is brought to you by American Express. That's right. Don't leave home without it.


Let's get a little Chiefs recap in Chiefs 27 Browns seven Trav. What was it like to be back in the land? Dude, I I I just love that city, man. Yeah, man, it was so fun. I felt like tour something about Being back by that lake When we, when we, when we flew in, I felt like a tour guide just telling everybody, every single city that we were going past. Yeah, every, I love it. Monument, every building. Oh, That's where my mom worked right There. The big one, the key bank at the, the tallest One. I don't know If you saw it. It's the biggest building in the city. What else? Oh my God. Everything from the, from, you know, just flying into the city, seeing the skyline. I just, I have such a love for, an appreciation for how we grew up and, and the fun that we had and, and you know, all the people that we, we knew that helped mold me and, and have the values that I have today.


And a lot of them were at the game man. And I, I knew they were at the game. It, it felt awesome. The, you know, whether it was my friends being there, my friends' parents being there, you know, my my childhood friends' kids now watching me at like, I was a little kid watching the, watching the Browns, you know, and it's just, it's so crazy to, to drive to the stadium. I mean, I had crazy like flashbacks of going to, you know, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is right there on the same block as, as well as the Science Center. The science center was, we went there on like field trips to both of those places as kids, you know, school field trips and silly memories like going to the cafeteria at the science center and spitting spitballs at like random people and getting in in trouble for it as a kid.


Just being just reckless and like getting in trouble with my friends and the memories and all that silly stuff was just like going in and out of my mind. And I just, you know, it just, it felt so surreal. And I, I don't know if it's the last time I'll ever play in Cleveland, but it, it kind of felt like I was like giving it one last hoorah before I'm done. Because, you know, I've only played there twice in 12 years. So Yeah. Unless we get thrown on there in the, in the next couple, I don't really see it ever happening again. And it was just a special day for me personally, man. So shout out to everybody from The Heights and everybody from the, from Cleveland that showed up for me and has always supported me in life, not just since I've been in the league. It was a great game for the Chiefs. You guys on defense?


Yeah. Chiefs defense has been lights out all this season long. They forced six turnovers, including three interceptions against Winston Trent McDuffy. He just got his first career. I and t he's been so good for the last couple years and he is just getting his first IT Is that true? It's pretty crazy. Yeah. And it came off of a play where he was staring at the jumbo tron before, before the, as the ball was being thrown, talking About as the ball was being thrown. He was looking know the jumbo tron. See Sometimes you, yeah, sometimes guys do they teach that? I don't know if they teach that, but he's a savvy football player. I've Heard you like look at the jumbotron, like while you're running to like the end zone, like you're out in the open. See where people are at. I've seen, I've heard people doing that. I've never heard of this.


What? All right. Yeah. Play the clip Brandon. It is, for whatever reason, I somehow glanced up at the Jumbotron 'cause it was a scramble drill and just saw him launching and I was like, that's the, my size. Shut up. Are you kidding me? Like the big, the big screen. Yeah. The end. You can see his eyes go up too. I'm running into the end zone straight ahead and see him launch it. That's crazy. And is the jumbotron is a little delayed too, so for him to like turn his head around and find the ball, you knowing that it's not like the Yeah, it's crazy. It's a crazy thing. And talking to Trent about it, man, I'm just happy as hell for him, man. The guy has been one of the best cornerbacks in the league since he's gotten the league, since he was drafted here.


He, he doesn't necessarily have the interceptions to prove it, but he has the play to prove it. And he's helped us, you know, win the win two Super Bowls in a row, man, and, and is one of our best players on defense. And it kind of goes, I don't know, unnoticed a little bit because the, the interceptions just weren't there, man. But it's good to see him get his first man. What Do you think about, yeah, first of all, congrats McDuffy getting his first interception. What did it feel like offensively? You know, it felt like you guys got into a little bit more of a rhythm, you know, still probably not as good as you would wanna be. I mean, dude, first of all, before we go even any further shout out to Joe Toney, Big Tony. Are, are You fucking kidding me? Big dude. This dude just an Ohio football guy, bro.


You know what I'm saying? This dude go back to his old state out. You have people have no idea. This dude left guard slid out and just went up against the best player in the NFL over the last decade. Like no big deal. And like, did a good job. Oh, like, don't get me wrong, miles got him a couple times. They're definitely chipping him a little bit. I mean, this Fucking Miles, Garrett didn't, He didn't get anybody. He went out there blocked his ass off. That was awesome. Nah, Cow. That was great. He's a staple for this team, man. It killed us that he, he wasn't able to come out there in the Super Bowl last year knowing he got, he got, I think he tore his peck before the Super Bowl last year, but yeah. Is it the, he's such a, such a pleasure to have on the team because he's such a fucking team guy. One of the Toughest. So unselfish man. I Love one, the toughest guys that I've ever been around.


Yep. I think he's got a crazy stat going Right now that I don't want to jinx, But yeah, let's season remind mes, Stop. Let's stop. But it's, it's, it's just, he's, he's always been that guy that can just fill in whatever you need. He's, he can play center, he can play guard, he can play tackle and yeah, obviously Guard is his best position. But I mean, to be able to maneuver or move around and, you know, be wherever the team needs him to be, it's going up against the best in the league. You know, that's a huge task man. And could be more proud of the guy, man. What did you think of the offense as a whole? We're we're rolling man. We're putting up touchdowns. I think, I think we, we, you know, we got in the red zone before half and didn't come away with any points, but outside of that man, there's a, there's a few just, we're off just a tick on a few of those drives.


It's not far off. It's, it's all correctable stuff, you know, it's all depth and routes. It's all timing, it's all, you know, hand placement and, and, and blocking and in the run game and yeah. Identifying the defense and, and where everybody's going. And it's all fixable stuff. And don't get me wrong, the Browns and, you know, Schwart. Yeah. Schwartz, Jim Schwartz. Schwartz Did an unbelievable job of making shit. He's a good coach. Tricky. He's a very good coach. Yeah. He does a great job of making things tricky. He, he kind of specified that game plan against a lot of the stuff that we like to do. Yeah. Played heavy outside leverage with a lot of the man coverage with, with, you know, help inside. Did you see two ever? That forces us to go outside with the ball a lot and You know, I think, I think that's where, that's where that game, this Browns game really helped us improve.


'cause we gained a lot of confidence going outside the, the numbers there with D Hop and Xavier. And it's gonna be even more fun getting my guy Hollywood Brown back this week. When's this? He get back This Week. Oh yeah, he's back baby. He's back. I Thought it was flying around for the playoffs. I didn't know he was gonna be back that fast. Oh yeah, He's back. He's, we're gonna get him nice prime depth for the, for the big dance. Love That. Yeah. I think that was a, it was a great game for that. Obviously Pat Noah have been hitting on all cylinders all year and pop Isaiah Pachecos running downhill. The two head of Monster. We got really three headed of Monster we got with him. Kareem Hunting, Seja p Ryan. I mean, getting Them Pistons going.


I'm, I'm, I'm excited to keep growing. I'm A big fan of all three of those guys and I like, and As much as, as much as I like Pop, I like pop. Right. Kareem played a huge role when those guys got hurt. I don't know. I love p Ron and the way he plays. He's smart. Dude. Dude, Dude been such a Pleasure to man. He's smart. I like, he just seems like a awesome dude to have in the locker room, Dude. He's the best man. Yeah. The absolute best. He's been, he is been the I gotcha guy. Whatever you need, coaches, players, whatever you need. We're Down backs. You can't, you can't, you can't talk. I mean, Kenny game, we're gonna get to the Chiefs or the Eagles in a second, but somebody, j Piro makes a lot of plays and does a lot of unnoticed work on that. Third down. Well, speaking of unnoticed, before we get too far, since we're giving everybody shoutouts, we gave a big tune a shout out 'cause he moved to tackle, but somebody had to fill that left guard spot at Mike Kelly Endo stepped up.


Mike Kelly Endo. Yeah, Kelly Endo. Kelly Endo's stepped up and I mean, it's, it's, he's another one of those guys just is always ready. He's just, yeah, he's hanging around waiting for his opportunity and couldn't be happier for him to have such a good game. His first, his first game back in there. And I'll do this, I, I do wanna touch a little bit. So the reason not, I guess sliding out the tackle is so hard for Toney, it's such a different technique. It's more space, it's a different kick set. You're getting to a different spot. A lot of pass setting is getting to the right position between the quarterback, the defender, getting there requires a lot of reps usually to feel where that proper positioning is.


Now. I think Tooney played tackle in college, if I'm not mistaken. So he is done it before, but to go out there mid-season like that and to, I mean, play the way he did, I thought was just so impressive. And then he is going in with a new guy playing next to him and Kelly Endo. Like there are a lot of moving pieces there. And I thought Pat looked, I mean, out outside of the injury that we're gonna talk about in a second with his, his, his little ankle, his weak ankles. I love you Pat. He kept the weak ankles, but he's, he, he's got the, he looked to be the most comfortable, which is not usually the case against a Jim Schwarz style defense and Miles Garrett. Yeah. You know, I think that there's been a lot of pressure on that left side in particular and throughout the season.


And it felt like he felt really confident in the protection this past week, which was great to see. Let's talk, talk about the injury. And we did unfortunately see Pat Mahomes get rolled up on late in the game, diagnosed with a mild high ankle sprain following the tests. Still considered week to week. Are we gonna see a Carson Sylvania? Christmas is Carson Sylvania Sylvania Back in, back in Wezel Wezel City. What's the, Yeah, I don't know what's gonna happen for Christmas, but I know this weekend I'm pretty, Pat's been taking all the reps this weekend. But what we do know is that Carson is, he is prepped and ready and ri ready to rock and roll like he always is one of the one a pros pro as they say it in the league, man.


Just the, the guy takes his job very serious and, and is always ready for the, for the opportunity If it presents itself. But we all know Pat is, he's one, he is one of the toughest guys in the league. You know, he is gonna play, he's gonna play through every, any, anything and everything that he possibly can all while, you know, making sure that it, the, the team's best interest is there. Yeah. And I'm, I'm obviously, I'm joking with Pat about the, the weak ankles or whatnot, but he's, he's just sprained those things so much at this point that I feel like that's, it's a mild high ankle. He's gonna tape it up. He's gonna be just fine. Yeah. Like, and If you think it's gonna be that difference, all you gotta do is watch the playoffs where he ended up winning a Super Bowl against yours truly that it'll work just fine.


A lot of people are talking a big, big talk about it, and there's gonna be times where he's probably gonna pull up lame and it's gonna hurt. But I, I gotta believe that, you know, this thing's gonna be all right. We're Playing meaningful football games Right now, so I know Pat wants to be out there for his teammates and his coaches more than anybody, man. He's always been that guy. So, but it was cool to see Carson get in there, get his, get his feet wet a little bit and spin it, spin the rock, get us a big first down late in the game and Yeah, it was, it was funny, man. You don't, you don't realize how much hearing a cadence from another quarterback huge is such big deal, man. The timing had Two.


We had two, two, I Used to hate it. I, the first thing, the first thing you gotta do when a backup quarterback is going in, you all, you have to bring him to the bench where all the offensive linemen are at and like, listen to it. Otherwise somebody's gonna get a false start. Like somebody is gonna get a false start. Or it happened, it happened twice. We went, we went, you know, just a regular cadence on the first one and, and we, yeah. And somebody jumped and then finally we went on a hard cadence. And I'm not gonna lie, he almost got me three Times in a row. Yeah. He's got a hard cadence now. He's, he's got a good cadence. He's gonna buck that thing out. He's got some good frequency when he comes out. I almost preferred when backup quarterbacks win in, let's just go on silent cadence. Silent, silent cadence. Like We're more used to it. Let's avoid this issue altogether.


It's so awkward going into another cadence and the timing of it. Yeah. Anyways. I it can be useful though, but obviously Yeah, that was, it was fun to hear it. I told him, I was just like, dude, you got a hell of a fucking cadence. I didn't realize until we're in live bullets in there. You know what I mean? You gotta fucking get off the ball. I like it's some good shit though. It was, and you know what, it's an honor to fucking get into a huddle with a guy that's, you know, taking SNAs had his hands under your ass. It's fun. Oh, there You go. Speaking of next week, or the Chiefs are gonna be playing the Texans on Saturday. That's right. Yeah. Little day early game. Now that the college season has slowed down, we've gone to these Saturday games and the middle of playing three games in 11 days, including a Netflix Christmas day game.


Yeah. What is this like, man, how, how are you guys feeling about a Saturday and then a Christmas day game Saturday? Man, I'm excited, man. I'm excited. I, you know, the body's not as excited to get out there and try and run around to get the game plan together during practice, but I'll play whenever, man. I'll play whenever, wherever I don't get, I just know that I'm, I'm so fortunate to be able to play this game that I'm gonna cherish every time I get to play on the, on the field. So I'm not gonna harp on the schedule that that was given to us, especially this late in the season. It's kind of seems crazy and it feels crazy and it feels like it's a, it's a challenge set by the NFL to, to be able to, you know, finish as the one seat and knowing that, you know, we have one, two in a row.


But I think I accept that challenge, man. I, I think it's gonna, you know, make it, make it feel that much better if we can get out of this, get out of this little three game stretch with three wins and it makes us feel a little bit more confident that, you know, we can, we can get after it against some of the best teams in the a FC week to week to week, and especially some of the best defenses. So yeah. Best Luck to you guys. I can't wait to watch it this week. Texas are playing a little bit better Right now. Shroud and those guys seem to be rolling. Nico Collins, is he healthy again? He's healthy, right? Yeah. Back, back in doing his thing. So yeah, it'll be a good one in Arrowhead. This is a big one. You guys win this one. You know, you might be getting two by weeks coming up. I don't wanna I don't wanna get ahead of ourselves.


Don't get ahead of ourselves. I don't know if there will ever be two by. Oh, I get you. Yeah. Don't have to play the last game and yeah, I got you. That's a little motivation. It's a little motivation. We control our destiny, man. We know if we, if we finish the season off strong, we can, we can get some time to get healthy or at least get some, get our bodies back to get home Field advantage. Yeah. Get some home field advantage. I love playing at Arrowhead Baby. Playoff games at Arrowhead have become my favorite environment In the world. It's so quiet. It's so quiet in Arrowhead. You know, it's, it's so Peaceful, isn't it? And it just, it makes you feel at home. It really does. Those chiefs Kaden really just knows how to Yeah. How to do it right man. Alright.


This episode is brought to you by our friends at Monopoly. Go. At MONOPOLY GO. Friendships are complicated. One minute you're baking a cake together for a cozy holiday celebration and the next year destroying their landmarks. Your Best friends, your bid arrivals and your best friends are good. But this holiday season, one thing never changes in MONOPOLY. GO. Your friends and family are your most valuable assets. Whether you're gathering around the fire or connecting virtually MONOPOLY GO brings everyone together for laughter strategy and maybe just a little bit of rivalry. Who is the most competitive at Monopoly in our family? Who's the most competitive? I'd say you're the most competitive. Mom loves to play Monopoly. She's just in it for the fun of it. I'm sure she loves to win. I love Monopoly and Trav is very competitive by nature. Join your friends and download MONOPOLY. GO today. Free on the app store or Google Play.


Sometimes it's sad Hmm to think about college football ending, But not this year because we have the shiny new college football playoffs. Our sponsor, SEATGEEK has something special for the 92 Percenters. SEATGEEK is the official ticket marketplace of Texas, Georgia, Alabama, and over 100 other schools. The energy at these games is going to be incredible. And SEATGEEK is the place at the college football ticket that you can trust. That's right. They have tickets for any and all events and even If you like to wait till the last minute, SEATGEEK has you covered by their buyer guarantee. Yes sir. They got every ticket backed by their buyer guarantee. So save yourself some money. Open SEATGEEK app and add code Kelsey CFP to your account to get you 15% off. Doesn't matter If you use SEATGEEK before. That's Right. Code Kelsey CFP for 15% off terms apply.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash Or checking that you've got your phone wallet and keys before leaving the house Or checking you packed a phone charger before you leave for a vacation. Or checking that you charged your mouse before sitting down to record a podcast. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is attended. For audiences in the United States only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company in affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


All righty, let's hit some of the more big storylines going outta week 15 in the NFL. I don't know why we need to restate that, but Trying to hype it up. Jason, sorry. Hey, let's get the, let's get this some more. The biggest, alright, let's get the three. Hey, let's get the, alright, let's get to some more of the biggest stories from coming. Forgot I'm an idiot. Alright, Let's get the, Alright, let's hit three more of the biggest. This is very hard to read. I don't know why. Alright, Let's hit more of the biggest stories from week 15 in the NFL before we move on to a brand new segment. Ooh, brand new Segment. I don't even know what this segment is.


Who's even Designing need much fun. Not Knowing anything. That's when you know, like when Interim Brandon has something cool lined up. I, I get excited. Alright, Fire us up. But Eagles 27 Steelers 13. Jason, initial thoughts on the old PA rivalry. How aggressive do I wanna be? Do it, This was huge. I mean, Steelers one of the best defenses in the league. One of the best teams in the league. Yeah. Eagles Obviously the, you know, there was a lot of noise this week on the press conferences last week from Jalen Hertz from AJ Brown, more notably from a man, Brandon Graham. A lot of stuff swirling around and most of it's centered around the passing game.


Actually all of it's centered around the passing game. I think that this team over the course of the season has turned into this, you know, control the line of scrimmage, very physical run game. Saquon Barkley is obviously having a career year, potentially historic year. The defense, oh my gosh, has just been playing lights out really ever since Tampa Bay. They've been one of the best defenses in the NFL. Yeah. Up front in the back end. Their linebackers are playing better than I've seen potentially ever by an Eagles couple linebackers and the Kobe Dean and Zach Bond. The one question mark was, what has happened to the passing attack? We have AJ Brown, we have Devonte Smith, and we have a franchise quarterback of Jalen Hertz.


Why is this not happening? There are some press conferences that leaked out. People clearly frustrated and they come out and they answer the freaking bell. Like, Oh yeah, we can do that too. They Answer the bell against a great team that they were gonna have to throw the ball as good as this run game is Cam Hayward. You know, come on now. You know, Mike Tomlin this front, this Pittsburgh Steelers defense. They're not gonna let you be one dimensional and beat 'em. And I just thought it was like, dude, this is the sign that this team is, is a complete team. If they, they need to do it continually now. Right now I, I kind of do, we'll talk about this in a second, but they showed that they can do this, right? They against great teams. Yeah. They still got a great run game.


And if, if Jalen is gonna play like this, deliver the ball to AJ Brown, Devonte Smith had a big game. Yeah, Both. Yeah. So it's, I just feel like this was such an awesome game if you're an Eagles fan, and I think I'm probably not alone in saying that. I think a lot of Eagles fans feel that way. So yeah, very happy. Do the, do the Birds have a 2017 vibe going on Right now? I mean, barring, you know, some crazy things happening. They've still, Minnesota Right now is peaking, they look great on Monday nights. Sam Arnold lights out. Yes, they Did. Yes he did. You know, Brian Flores is doing some outstanding things on defense. I, but I do think this Eagle's team, it's about as complete as you can get.


I mean, you go down the roster, these guys are playing lights out. They have great players, they have great coaches. Yeah. They, I don't, let me put it this way, I don't think there's a team in the league that they aren't competing with them or beating a good majority of the time when they play 'em. I just feel that way Right now. I think that they're up there. I think this is a great year. You know, gotta stay healthy. You know, I, I always gotta hope that is the case, but I'm confident if, if I'm a Philadelphia Eagle, very confident the Eagles ice the game on a drive that was 21 fucking plays a good old long drive drill with 88 yards very and took 10 minutes and 30 seconds. How about that? Off the clock, the longest drive in modern record football books belongs to the Tennessee Oilers 25 plays in 13 minutes and ended with a 19 yard field goal.


Ew. Yeah. Oh, that's daggering. Yeah. That's a lot for both teams. That's fucking daggering. No, that's, that's pretty fucking impressive. And shout out to the Birds man. They're fricking flying around a big time win against the Steelers. They're rolling and like you said, kind of, kind of shut all the critics up about, about the old pass game. I used to not be a fan when, you know, guys would say things in the media that would create controversy or stir up things. It kind of just a lot of times could be, you know, divert attention. Well, when it doesn't pan out for 'em in the end, Well this is, well yeah, If it wouldn't have panned out, it's terrible. Right? Like it's bad. It goes the other way. What all these guys did by talking about it openly in the media is forced them all to take ownership in fixing it.


And not just them, the coaches, everybody. I mean they were all hard at work with what was going on in the media because they knew they all had to go out and have the game that they did against Pittsburgh and they ended up like answering it in just a magnificent facet. I mean they, they all played so well. Yeah. You know, Jalen was on time, AJ was a man on a mission. Devonte was making plays, you know, it was just, it was very fun to watch. You know, when stuff like this comes out, it tends to either galvanize you and bring you closer or it can kind of tear you apart and separate you. And they clearly had the ladder or they clearly, you know, were galvanized by this situation this week.


So, you know, hats off to all those guys and, and, and the coaches and everybody from this past week and yeah, That's what I'm talking about. I'm proud of those guys for sure. Well next week the Eagles got the Commies got the commanders over there in Washington and the Eagles can Clint the NFC East with a win, which is the playoff birth. When you win the division, it's A big game. Big, big, big, big, big game right here. How about that? The NFC East got some, they got some juggernauts over in the NFC now man. Huh? Got the Eagles. You got the, you got the Lions, you got the Vikings. The Rams are still the Rams. You gotta fuck they that, that's a tough, You're talking talking about the NFC, not the NFC.


Yeah. Not, not just the NFC East, but the NFC in general. The NFC is loaded. They are, yeah. It hasn't, hasn't necessarily been that. You know, green Bay's, they got a fucking great team, great quarterback, great coach, great defense. Li anybody in the NFC North. Yeah, you hit the nail. The Vikings are playing as good as anybody. The lions are still until somebody beats them. In my opinion, they're the best team in the NFC. Green Bay is right up there with those guys. They're playing fantastic Right now. Dude Sleeper. I don't sleep on Tampa Bay. Come on now. Dude. Shaker Mayfield coach, their defense Fan. Fantastic with Todd Bowles. They're playing great Right now. Before Mike Evans and Godwin went down, this team was on track to be one of the best teams in the NFL.


They Were record lines. It's only because both those guys went down that they aren't up there with everybody else. Yeah. So the fact that Mike Evans is back and healthy about to get his what? 10th consecutive 1000 yard season it looks like after missing like four or five games. Ridiculous. Tampa Bay Buccaneers are fantastic. No, They are. So Yeah, there's a lot of great football in the NFC Right now and we got a tough one this week with the commanders to try and clinch the division. Yeah. Well, good luck Eagle Barry. This is fun. This is the fun time of year. Ah, this what you love. Watching football Plays a meaningful football man who Had the biggest big guy play of the week. Dude, there were some good ones this week, man. There Were some real good ones. And I know my favorite one was from the 330 pound tight end slash offensive tackle.


Big Dan Scamper for the Detroit Lines. The Show. This clip, this is my favorite one. I don't think it's gonna win. I don't think it's the best one. We know which one's the best one, but this is my favorite. Just 'cause Dan Skip's been there for a long time. I feel like he's like almost like a character of the Detroit Lions. Like I just love Did that knee touch. It was close, but it did not. Upon further review, he, he gets in there before that knee's down. Yeah. But, but the big skipper gets in there for the score. Skip man, shout to Skipper man. I mean, just a classic tight end, naked, just a little boot man slam for five steps going left, three steps going, right? Yep. Come on back down. They legitimately use him, not frequently, but like a decent bunch where he is run routes like as that second tight end like option.


Yeah. Or third. I mean usually it's the third tight end, But yeah, either Way it, it forces, it puts teams in a tough position. Man. I just, yeah, you get that beef out there. 312 pound cardinal offensive lineman. Jonah Williams scored a fumble recovery touchdown. Let's take a look at this one. Let's See it. I mean, great strip. Good strip strip, good strip, get on a big dog. Get on a big dog. Does he have it? Does he have it? Does he have it? He's out of bounds. That's controlled. That's touchdown. I mean that's close. That's close. That's nice. And I'm glad They gave it to him. Way to get way to, way to way to just Way to be there. Way To not just Fumble that Fucking thing out of the back of the end zone. Yeah. Right. You know what I mean? Just to have the savvy Dude used to say Stout used to say when you go out, when you go out the ball, you wrap it, you don't go.


You, you, you used to say, you go out with your hands. Don't be like a koala batting it around with your, your forearms. I'm like, what does that even do? Koalas, bat it around. I mean, I don't even know. I mean, he koala this thing for sure He did. He definitely did not. He swallowed that thing up. But honestly, the best one, the big one, the big man my favorite. Yeah. Trayvon day sweat is now the heaviest player. Two three hundred and sixty six pounds to ever run with the ball in the NFL tops. Ted Washington's bro. 365. Look at this dude. Stiffy, come here, set up the block, hit the, hit the highway. Get outside. This was electric. How Many of need to go back to the beginning? This Is all juke dude. The Duke Is crazy.


Put on the left tackle. I'd like, This is as good dude. This is as good as Colin Saunders. Colin's like, look at him. Huh? Slide break off Stiffy stiff Arm bro. Stiff arm was ferocious. What is happening? And they need to get this dude out of fullback. He needs to be a fullback on the gold line Immediately dude. Put him the new refrigerator Perry. Man, look at this guy. Oh my God. A big man. Rumbling, stumbling, bumbling. Dude. That was electric man. Just gotta love it. I love Joe Burrow. Doesn't love it, but, and I completely understand, but Stiffy set up your block. Huh? Get outside. It's so good. Good. It's so good.


Got a such awareness. 360 pound just giants. Just titans. Yeah. I'm glad. I ain't gotta block that guy Just setting up their blocks. Man, fuck. I glad that that didn't happen against me. I had to try and tackle that guy that was an offensive lineman. He fucking stiff armed whatever he'd done to me. I'm going low. I don't know what those dudes are thinking. Trying to go up top On that dude fucking taking knee to the face and get a concussion. I'm perfectly fine. How, how many know how many times I've taken knees to the face? I used to cut lock for a living. I'm cutting. Ah, dude. Open field cuts, man. Yeah, yeah. The good old days back When it was legal. Shout out to Devon Dre. Hell of a hell of a play bub. Absolutely. What is the weirder object flying over New Jersey?


Oh, that's right. With all these drones flying around. What? Drones. Another Giants fan playing with a banner demanding John Mara to fire everyone Or Whoa. Or what Or else we won't stop it To we won't stop it until you fire everyone. I'm gonna go on, on a limb and say Mara can wait this one out if he really wants to. I The still unidentified drones that have been spotted over New Jersey or all over the East coast cities, to be honest. Yeah. The aliens are among us. The Pentagon said it. No, they're not aliens. Dude. What? You heard what the Pentagon said? The Aliens.


No, that's not aliens. They didn't say he was aliens Dad. Dude asked dad. He's been on the is he's been on the satellites. Dude. He heard 'em, he still, he's gotta still have those satellites hooked up to some speaker somewhere. It's A little concerning that these things are just hovering around. I don't know what they're looking for or what they're trying to find, but they're, they're searching for something, You know, some say That it's Just, you know, Just some people messing around. Yeah, they got some commitment to me messing around if that's the case. Heck yeah. I don't know what's going on. I guess hopefully we find out someday. Maybe it's just coastal safety precaution. Just making sure there's no, you know.


All right, let's get outta here. Yeah. I don't even wanna touch, I wanna get into conspiracies about what the fuck those drones are. They're sniffing around nuclear activity. What? They're, they're sniffing around for nuclear activity. There's a Come on. Nuclear bomb. Mitch Among us From Ukraine. Everybody saw that video. They don't Wanna freak everybody out. Everybody Saw the video that Joe Rogan. No one, no one go crazy. Everyone keep, keep calm. They're just drones. What are they doing? We don't Know. Somebody's fucking around in their backyard. Do they have weapons? No. Can they hurt us? No. Once again, bold topics is brought to you by American Express.


Don't leave home without it.


After years of fine print contracts and getting ripped off by overpriced wireless providers, if we've learned anything, it's that there's always a catch. So when we heard that all Mint Mobile wireless plans are $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, I thought, what's the catch here? But after talking to them, it all made sense. There isn't one Mint mobile's secret sauce is that they sell wireless service online. They don't have retail stores or salespeople. Instead, they deliver premium phone plans directly to you. Say bye-bye to your overpaid wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you. With premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month. All plans come with high speed data and limited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any Mint Mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all of your existing context. Ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. To get This new customer offer and your new three month unlimited wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. Cut your wireless bill of 15 bucks a month with Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed. Slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile or more details


Now A moment brought to you by our friends at American Express. The holidays are here. So that means a lot of people might be taken a little vacay time. Ooh, a little holiday. Trav, what is your ideal vacation You like Relaxing spot like activities or adventurous excursions? I like a little bit of everything. I love to eat. I want to go somewhere and have like a really good meal. Yeah, Somebody gave me this bit of a dice. You go one day on, one day off. So one day on, be adventurous, go out of the house, get crazy, and then the next day be a little bit more relaxed. I kind of, I feel like that's a good vacay model No matter What kind of traveler you are. American Express Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance every journey you're on. Enjoy exclusive access to Centurion lounges at airports worldwide. And when you book fine hotels plus resorts, new Amex travel, you can receive complimentary breakfast for two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout. Plus with Global Dining access by resi, you'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe. That's powerful backing of American Express. That's right. For full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with amex.


All Right, now Jason, let's dive into it.


AG one. You've been around this stuff and been taking this stuff and been enjoying this stuff and it's, you can tell Jason, you're glowing. Why is a G one your favorite daily health drink? Trav a G one is not just some run of the mill multi-vitamin supplement. It's a full blend of vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants designed to give your body what it means every day. And that's all from one scoop, no pills, no capsules. Just mix and go. AG one makes hard to get nutrients, easy to get. It also includes pre and probiotics and other gut supporting ingredients. Yeah, exactly. So my digestion is always on point and a G one goes through tons of testing to get NSF certified for sports. Making it the perfect supplement for athletes on all levels. So tell the people how they can start the new year with a healthy routine. Just head to drink AG one.com/new Heights Right now. That's right. AG one is offering new subscribers a FREE $76 gift. When you sign up at drink AG one.com/new Heights, you'll get a welcome kit with a bottle of vitamin D three, K two, AND five free AG one travel packs in your first box. That's drink AG one.com/new Heights to get your free gift and start your new year on a healthier note.


Alrighty, time to get to the new segment. We've been waiting to get to shit. And that's a New Heights Food Court. That's right Trav. What? Who doesn't love a good food court? It's a food court. We'll find out long time listeners of the Show know that we love a good food debate. Like the time we called Candy Corn overrated. Which I don't know that that's much a debate. I think that's pretty much settled. Fact, it's not Jason refusing to gate keep pizza toppings. Travis's ban on tubular shaped meats and mayonnaise and the fact that we don't know if Denny's is a diner or not. I do know that is Absolutely know that not It's 100 a diner. Not a diner. It is. It's a hundred percent not a diner Part Diner. It is A diner in disguise is disguise as a Diner.


Disguise said fuck. Already said he said it. Alright, We're gonna go try this new segment where we attempt to settle some of the biggest all time food debates in New Heights. Food Court. Food court. This is where we're At. This is what we're doing. The Food Court. I'm super Pump The social room. The social room. Back C Cleveland Heights High School. The social room. Oh my God. Those of you that don't get the reference Heights High was such a big school that during all the lunch periods we split up whoever had lunch that period. So you go half in the social room, half in the cafeteria, the bell rings, everybody flops. The social room was exactly what it sounds like. Everybody's just fucking around and kicking And hanging Out for the remainder of the lunch period.


Today's Food court topic is exotic meats. Alright. Inspired by cowboys owner, Jerry Jones on 10 53. The fan when asked if he's ever had raccoon after it was recently mentioned by Panthers wide receiver, Xavier Legette Jones said, and I quote, I've eaten a lot of raccoon. I love that. It's a lot of like not I've eaten raccoon before. I've eaten a lot of raccoon. The answer is yes. It's not uncommon at all. One of my favorites is squirrel. I don't know what the fuck we were on raccoon. I don't know where we went and turned left. The squirrel. It's wonderful. We all had our favorite pieces.


My mom and I would even ask for the brain of the squirrel. Nice. Jerry. Delicious. Seriously. All right. This explains a lot. I think this explains so much, Jerry. Is squirrel meat a meat? Well, yeah, Of course. It's a meat. It's, That's Question. It's a meat. Yeah. That's not a, what else would it be? But yeah, 100%. It's any animal that's cooked is What else is It is not a vegetable. Damn. Sure. Not a vegetable. Ask Pita. Is it a meat you eat? I'll, I'm not gonna lie. I will try any meat. Pretty much. Good for you, man. I mean, as long as it's not like roadkill or something that's like rotten. I'm gonna give it a chance. I mean, squirrel and raccoon are both technically roadkill, but so is deer.


And I've seen you eat jerky. I would, I would try some squirrel. I've had rabbit. It's not, it can't be that much different than rabbit. I'm not fucking eating any of this. What About, I don't know, rac, raccoon. What the heck? What kind of is a raccoon? A rodent? I'm not eating rabies, dude. They're, I'm just not doing It. Can we get a origin of species for a raccoon? What is, what kind of, what family are we in with the raccoon? I'm pretty sure it's the rodent family. That's what I think you would Think. It's rodent. It's 100% rodent. They Got like hands. I need to, can we get something? Can we get some answers here? Proned family? Is that pro? Pro? Yeah. Pro. What else is in this fucking family of animals? Raccoon. There's something that feels weird about eating a raccoon more so than a squirrel.


Like I'd eat a chipmunk before A raccoon. No Raccoon. What is its closest family? Dude, it's right there. I trust, I'm trying to figure out what other animals are in this thing. I'm pretty sure the, the est term is rodent. They're in the rodent family. No, no, no. Rodent is rodent. I know that. Dude. I'm not eating fucking raccoon. I'm not eating squirrel. I'm not eating bugs. I'm not eating snake. Kangaroo deer. Let's be honest. Let's be honest. You fried If you, If you fried that thing upright and put some general sos sauce all over it. It's gonna be just fine. I'm out.


I'm out on all that. I'm out on Guinea pig. I'm out on duck, duck. What's the strange duck You've ever had? What's the strangest meat you've ever had? Probably duck. I don't, I don't know. That duck qualifies as strange. That feels like it's pretty much established. I'm not fucking with duck. You know? I had it one time. We didn't love it. You're out on duck, I guess. Alligator. The alligator nuggets. Alligator nuggets tastes like chicken. Yeah, I had it again at Eagles tailgate. It tasted like lobster moreish, more like lobster. It wasn't fried. I will say survival of the finish or survival. I'll eat fucking meat. You know what I mean? I'll fuck it. I'll Yeah, if you're starving to death, yeah, you'll eat whatever you can. That's how, that's how you know alive.


There's, I mean, there's that story of those rugby players that got trapped up in like Alaska or something like that when the plane crashed. Fuck. And they were full on Eating himself, eating Each other. I mean, you know, you gotta, you gotta do what you gotta do. We're not talking about that level. Jerry Jones is not trapped in Alaska, and all he finds is a raccoon. Jerry Jones is a billionaire and eats a lot of it, apparently. Jesus. Jerry, I love that he stayed true to who he is. That's my, I actually am a fan of this. Jerry, you ever had Jerry you ever had, Let's see, weirdest things I've ever had. I've had alligator, I've had bull testicles, I've had bison, I've had elk. I've had, I've had, I don't think I've had Guinea pig quail one.


I wanna have, I wanna, I wanna have bear. I heard, I've heard blueberry bears in particular. I'm good. It's got some good flavor to it. I feel like I had something unique when I was in Africa. I've had rabbit. I had a, not a, a scorpion in Thailand right there on the street Out. I'm not gonna lie. Don't do that one. It was absolutely terrible. Should, should we attend the world champion squirrel Cookoff in Arkansas? Maybe we get Bobby Boucher to go with this. Look at this shit, dude. That guy looks like somebody who eats squirrel. I'm in, dude. I'm going. I'm already convinced. Even if Travis isn't, I'm going and I'm eating some squirrel.


What kind of squirrels? Are these like domesticated squirrels or are these like, they put traps out and they're like getting these things, you know what I mean? Are these flying squirrels? They regular squirrels? Are they corn feeding these squirrels? I think these are just squirrels. They, they find in the house. These grain fit. Yeah. Right. I listen, I only eat non GMO organic certified squirrel meat. I don't mess around with the hormone lace, squirrel meat. You can't go wild. You can't go wild. You gotta go tape because then you're just biting into rabies. All right. Final verdict. Is squirrel meat a meat you eat? I will. I'll try. Squirrel.


I, I don't know that there's much, I won't try. I'm not gonna lie. I'll let you try it and then hear what you gotta say about it. I, I respect your opinion. You Know the one I want to have. 'cause I saw it on chef's table, moose lips. Apparently they ate that stuff over in Russia. I don't know that I wanna go to Russia anytime soon. Yeah. But moose lips, I'd be into eating some moose lips. Yeah, you would Probably smacking. I love a good smacking meal, but I'm gonna say that that's probably not smacking. All right, let's go to some voicemails. Let do it. We're gonna answer some not dumb questions that came into the Heights hotline.


Noted questions is brought to you by Mint Mobile. All Right, Now Hey Travis. Hey Jason. This is coach in the University of Missouri. What's up, Coach? Coach, I have a question for both of you. What is your favorite Postgame meal? Postgame Meal. Andy's frozen custard. Could be bronze, could be K ffc. Thank you very much. And co chief and from Missouri Tigers. Love it. Love It. Coach. M-I-Z-Z-O-U Missouri Tigers. We actually got a Cleveland Heights tiger that just signed his letter of intent to go to. There we go. Boys. University of Missouri. Shout out to Marquis Davis running back outta Cleveland Heights. I'm sure he'll play running back there. He is one of the best players in the state of Ohio this year. I'm pretty sure I saw a stat line that had him rushing like 24 rushes for 400 yards. What? And eight touchdowns in one game. Oh gosh. One game. There's No Way, dude, I swear to God, There's no Chance. The dude's a fucking absolute beast. Yeah. Shout out to Mizzou baby over there in Columbia, Missouri Post-game meal. What is your favorite post-game meal? You said a few of my favorites off the Rip Andy's frozen Custards slide over there. Get you a 87 ultimate cookie custard, man. Ooh, okay. This shit's delicious. You gotta stop over at Andy. Shout out to Andy. I'm down. I just love to pig out on some pizza, man. Yeah, Pizza's hard to beat. I love Just getting just boxes of it and just fucking, just going one at it one by one. Just pizza might be my favorite food altogether, though. So I'll be honest. I'm not a huge post-game meal guy. A lot of times I don't eat. Why? Especially the food that they provide for the teams after the games. It's usually just been sitting around and it's terrible after the games. Dude, we had a good one up there in Cleveland, Ohio City Burrito. Yeah. Not bad Man. I Usually go protein shake, little creatine, and then I'm straight. I'm, I'm, if I'm being honest, I'll go Pizza. Pizza's a solid choice, but go over There. Chicken and pizza, get some fries. I'm, I'm doing some my cool garages. You know what I mean? That's, that's my post-game meal. There you go. I'm with that. I used to love the Jimmy John's in the locker. The, was that Mike's? I like Jimmy John's. That Was and Cincinnati. Cincinnati Jersey. Mike's. And it was Jersey. Mikes terrible man. I loved it. It was so soggy. It would be sitting around and Jersey Mike's is good. I didn't find out till years later. Jersey Mike's actually makes good subs until, because I mean, the ones that were there for Postgame were like the fact that you won't eat squirrel, but you ate those Jersey Mike subs that were sitting around for hours and just soaking up all the, the hot salami and ham juices. Hot. Like, I don't know how You, that wasn't got, that wasn't that was the dress. That was the Italian dressing on those fuckers. I don't, dude, it was disgusting. Those sandwiches sucked. You just, you all, you took too long of showers. You gotta get 'em while they're hot. Lemme tell you, they weren't hot ever. They were bad sandwiches. And then somebody's like, Hey you, do you know what's really good Jersey Mikes? It's like, no, it's fucking not. And they're like, no, let's go. I, I'll show you. You get this. And I went there. I like, oh yeah, it is good. When the bread isn't soggy as fuck. I'm, I've never liked postgame meals. They're always bad. Well, thanks for calling In coach. Thanks for calling in. I will say I'm more of a Popeye's man myself. If there was something I would do post-game, I'd get some Popeye's chicken. Ooh, You going spicy or original? I go dark meat. Spicy. Gotta go dark meat. Only red beans and rice on the side. Apple pie. Ooh, I don't even fuck with apple pie, but I'm in with you. Hey, those apple pies on at Popeye's. You fuck with they good. There you go. Well, now you got it. Coach. Drink wits. Get your guys some apple pies from Popeye's. Let's next call up. Yep. On the New Heights hotline. Let's hear it.


Hey guys, I was just wondering how you felt about being dethroned as the top trending pet name in sports? Oh gosh. I, Oh gosh. That on. Oh gosh. I didn't know we were on Top Rover.com. According to their 2024 top pet names report, Jalen Brunson is now the number one trending sports name. And now Kelsey, number Two. There you go. Jalen, I just wondered because last year I saw that you were number one, so I just wondered how you felt. Just wanted to get your reaction on being dethroned by an NBA player. So please let us know on the pod. Thanks. Jason, do you have any idea who Jalen Brunson is? Hey, Please. For the New York Knicks actually went to Villanova At this guy. I've met Jalen Brunson.


I fucking, I'm proud of you, man. You've met a lot of people. I think. I think Jalen Brunson is also just a good name. Like, let's be honest. That's a great name. Brunson. That's a good dog name. Yeah. I'm, I like, just like the full name Jalen Brunson. Like there's something with it that it just runs well together. It rings, it definitely rings. I'm pretty happy to be dethroned if I'm being honest with you. I don't like, I'm honored on the people that did name their pets after us. I was about to say, we named a pet after a famous athlete that we loved. Yeah. Bell. Yeah. Albert Bell. Albert Bell. I don't know that we should brag about that, but we did. But we definitely, we can relate because we've done this for sure. It's, it's, it's awesome. So I'm honored if Jason doesn't wanna be honored, I said I was honored.


I just like, I'm not like, I'm upset that that trend is dissipate. I don't like being the, the popular pick. I don't like being, it's not my style. Bell was cool 'cause there aren't many, many people that named the dog Bell after a bell. And it was a, it was a girl dog. B-E-L-L-E. It just, it, it's so fitting. It was so fitting. For sure. Other sports names for dogs include Webe for Victor. Ana Witt, WITT for my guy over in the KC Royals, Bobby Wit Jr. Okay. Okay. Purdy for Brock Purdy, Mr. Irrelevant and 49 ERs starting QB Brony for LeBron James Jr.


Nice. And then Diggs. Stefan Diggs Digs is a good one. Messy Lionel Mess. There's a bunch you, you can't go wrong. New this year include Sweet Simone for Simone Biles. I would assume Caitlyn Clark Shhe is a solid name for, for any Pet Luca or dog chick. Dog chick instead of dog chick Luca Dog chick. I see what they did there. Don't love it, but I see it, I respect it. I respect the effort. I'm just really into human names for dogs. Like, just straight up, just, Yeah. The, the older I get, these are all human names, but I hear what you're saying. But like, these are like, they're like too creative. Who's that over there? That's Greg.


That's my kind of dog name right there. You have, you've had three dogs. I Do You think I'm naming these dogs, Travis? I have no say in what these dog's names or anybody's name is. I'm picking the path of least resistance to just get this fucking name. There's no way. I know you way too well. The Only one I kind of did was Ballou. 'cause we, we did, we did Winnie and then that became Winnie the Poo. And then we were like, oh, what's another bear? And I was like, oh, I like Ballou from the Jungle books. So we got, we got Ballou is Ballou, but the other Nessie that was chosen by the breeder, If it was up to me, it'd be like, Hey, that's Bob. I'm kind of with you on these. I'm in, I'm in on this. Yes, I am in on this.


Right. I like Bernadette Bernadette. What the fuck? That's just my, that's my style. I like to like human names for dogs and dog names for humans. I, I've never met anybody named Bernadette. That's what I'm saying. I have one of my teammates girlfriends was named Bernadette. She was a, she was a great person. She was great. Call her Bernie. It's a great nickname. Yeah, I just, You know, I also, I'm a fan of dog names for people and people. People names for dogs. I wanna see a, like I wanna see a guy named Red or Spot, A guy named Spot, a guy named Red's. Another I know, I know a fuck ton of Reds. Red Is a strong human name and a good dog name.


What's another like classic dog name? Spike. Spike. I mean, come on now. There ain't not one of those top pet like classic names that aren't gonna do well for a person. I dunno if that's true Spot. Duke. Duke is shot to Nick FO's name to son Duke. Nice, nice. Rex Rex. Ryan Hates the Chiefs. I'm going for days. I'm telling you Fido. Dude. You mean to tell me you met a dude named Fido. That dude ain't a dog. I don't know. I don't even know what a guy named Fido even looks like. You Know, he's bringing some good attitude to the situation. You know, he is gonna be fun to hang out with. You meet a motherfucker named Fido.


That dude's gonna be a good time. Yeah.


And that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by Mint Mobile. Shout out to Mint Mobile, get your wireless done. Right. Alrighty, that wraps up this episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. Reminder, we are dropping our Christmas episode on Christmas Eve and another episode Thursday, January 2nd. Also at the end of the episode, please enjoy a sneak peek at a brand new Christmas garage beer commercial. Ooh, that's nice. Hmm. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment are brought to you by MONOPOLY. GO grab your friends and see what millions of people are hooked on playing this game every day. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. And thanks to our production and crew, and always thank you to the 92 Percenters tuning in every week. We love you guys and we'll see you guys next week. Trav Travis, we, we already filmed it. We already filmed it. Tram, it's over. I lose track of the day sometimes. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the Show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history. From covid experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real, the secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me. Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App.