
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today,


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable. But Armand Hammer, deep clean laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Armand Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep, clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and odors. Put Armand hammer deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer. Deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


All righty, let's talk about the Holy Grail of Candy Reese's peanut butter cups. That's right. You know 'em, you love 'em. And let's be real. You probably have a stash hidden somewhere Right now. Tell me about a Reese's cracked the code and literally created the perfect combo. We're talking about the Chocolate Shell Creamy peanut butter Center. There is something special about unwrapping that orange packaging and sinking your teeth into a Reese's Cup. That's Right. That Epic combo has been something that has been a go-to snack for many, no matter what they're doing. And here's a pro tip from two Reese's Pros here. Try keeping your Reese cups in the fridge. It keeps that chocolatey goodness, nice and chilled for you, but be sure to hide it all the way in the back so nobody take your, you know what I'm saying? Can't have egg Kelsey sneaking in there at 3:00 AM Stealing your stash. That's right. So why wait. See why Reese's Peanut butter cups are our favorite? Buy Reese's peanut butter cups now at a store near you, found literally anywhere you can find candy.


What are you doing? I love after love. After Love after Love After Love after love. How hard to Try. This is the fucking song of Super Bowl 59, Baby. Hey, welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Wondery Show, produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. How about it? Jason? Back it. Yeah. Let's go. Sports Bar Man. I love BUFFALO WILD WINGS. I gotta fuck. I'm gonna get some Wings tonight. Love it. We're your host. I'm Travis. Kel is my big brother. Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio.


Cincinnati Bearcat alums. Yeah, baby. And just happened to be the representation of the Eagles and the Chiefs. Wow. The Super Bowl Contenders. So we meet again, motherfucker. I'm not playing. Subscribe on YouTube, onery Plus or wherever you get your podcast. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up this episode. We've got an Incredible episode coming up. Not sure If you guys heard, but New Heights is going back to the Super Bowl three years in a row now. Well, three years in a row for Travis. Yeah. We Have never been more back.


We're gonna recap all of Championship Sunday. Figure out who I'm rooting for If we can't tell who you're rooting for. Jason. Whatcha talking About? Unbelievable. This is just what I'm wearing around the house, isn't I? I just have a lot of Eagles gear. Oh, that's, I mean, it makes sense. How dope Is this? You live in Philadelphia. This is this sweater. I like it. I like how it lot I knew that's why I worked. 'cause I knew you liked the sweater. It's nice. It's nice. Yeah. I'm always thinking about Trav. If you wear shit like that, I can't get mad. All righty. But first as always, New news. New news coming in hot. Yeah. New news is brought to you by MENTOS Gum. Dude, MENTOS Do, do, do.


We got a little delay here when we're down in New Orleans if MENTOS is still Sponsoring. No, it, it timed up. It timed up. Oh. Maybe it didn't time up on my end. But Yeah, We gotta figure out the harmony and really nail that down. If we can get down to MENTOS theme song and we can just pull that out of our ass at any moment, that'd be so fucking epic. Do You're right, there is a delay. Alright, what do we got? All right. iHeart nomination. Let's start with that. Travis is nominated for the iHeartRadio favorite surprise guest award for his eras tour cam. What? What does this even mean? I'm up For an award. No Way. For your eras tour cameo as you and his walkout with Pat Mahomes and Chris Jones at the Morgan Wallen Concert.


Oh, nice. I got two. There's an award for just showing up and having a fucking good time. Jason, Don't be mad because you're not in it. All right. Well that's 'cause I don't surprise. I was, I I didn't have any surprise guests. You gotta, fuck you gotta surprise the people. Jason. Oh, I'll fucking surprise the people. All there's a fan vote people going. So let's go ahead and congratulate Travis and Taylor up against Selena Gomez. Share Fan votes Up against Selena Gomez. Share Chappelle r The Twisters cast and more Chap Morone. Yeah. Well, I'm sorry to all those people I just named. 'cause you don't stand a fucking chance. All right. Shout out to Selena Chap and shout out to Cher. Man, I tell you what, I fucking the one song Man will be forever.


One of my favorite songs. Which One do you Believe in? Love. Love. It's so good. Remember watching that music video as a kid? I'm just, I'm stuck In the vortex. I really don't think you're strong enough. No. Do you? Okay. I hear you running Believe Love. I can't go out that high. Yeah, I used to. Not anymore. Do you believe in Love After Love? Nice. See, we're playing some bangers already. I like where this, we got it. Where this is going. That's that one. Still in my fucking head. All right. Well, thank you for the nomination, iHeart. I had a blast. Surprising everyone over there in London.


And definitely Arrowhead always gets rocking whenever you got Pat Mahomes, Chris Jones and myself, and they're running around. What are you doing? Love after Love after Love after Love After Love After Love. How Hard to Try. This is the fucking song of Super Bowl 59, baby Eagles Fucking Cheese. Do you believe it? I'm fucking so into this Right now. I love The fact that you went in full share. God Damn. This is good. Dude. I'm you, Nick. I'm so happy you just brought this up. Dude, it's so good. Go ahead. Take it over, Jason. Oh, you can feel something to say.


I really don't think strong enough. No. Oh my God. I am playing that on repeat all fucking week. This Is what the Super Bowl does to people. Just puts you in good. Just puts you in a good mood, man. Anytime Somebody asks me who I'm rooting for, I'm gonna say I'm rooting for Cher. Oh man. All right. Well, Cher just won the, the IR radio notation for that one. That was, that was a surprise. I Didn't know. There's no chance we'll be able to play that in the actual episode, but it'll make a fun social clip. Yeah, we gotta reach out to Cher and ask her if we can do that. Oh fuck. That was hilarious. Thank you, Jason. Little more new news.


Let's keep this thing going. We got some new merch. You guys saw me wearing the hoodie last week. This is another version of the hoodie right here. We got a bunch of, bunch of new merch, man. It's good stuff right here, man. Ah, got New Heights. Merch on you. Got you. Got the Eric Eric Jones. Home Bread. Home Bread. Merch Home Breaded merch, baby. You Gave me some some take Home. Home Bread. Nice. Yeah. This is our collab with the game, who you may know from their vintage college gear and includes 92 Percenters, hoodie and t, new logo, hoodie and t and some really cool snapback hats ready for game day, man. I'm always in on Snapbacks now. Come on now. Gimme a snapback and a hoodie, man. I'm, I'm ready to rock and roll.


Well, there we go. Go to homage.com/new Heights to get yours today. Yeah, Baby. We're also gonna be picking some of our favorite Chiefs, red and Eagles Green Tees, so you can rep your favorite team. We're bringing back the Big Yeti Tea in Chiefs Red. That's one of my favorite all time shirts. One of my go-tos as well as the out of the House tea in Eagles Green. Yeah, They don't want to seedy, they don't want Seedy In Bourbon Down There in New Orleans. Order before January 31st so you can get it before game day. Go to homage.com/new Heights to get yours today. That's it for new news. It is brought to you by MENTOS Gum. Alright, let's move on to some bold topics to wrap up Championship Sunday.


Yes, sir. Let's do it. Ready Chiefs 32. Bills 29. Man. It was a barn burner. And the Chiefs are headed back to the Super Bowl for their third straight year going for the threepeat Travis. Yes, sir. How We feeling? I'm feeling great, man. Life is amazing. Life is amazing. I, I mean, I just, it's, it's a crazy feeling to, to be this fortunate in a game that, you know, you've been playing your entire life, man. And I've had a lot of heartbreak. I've had a lot of times where it hasn't been this sweet. And Right now I'm just riding the high of, of living this dream out with my brothers and, and everybody in Kansas City, man. For sure. Well, you got, all the talk has been about the Threepeat, but did you know, you've already set the record.


You can set it more by getting the Threepeat accomplished, which is obviously the main goal for the Chiefs. I don't Give a fuck about a goddamn record. I want to Super Bowl this year. I'm just saying you guys are the first team ever to win back to back Super Bowls and then make it back in year three. So you've already accomplished something more than any other team has done in consecutive seasons. But If you cinch it, you'll be the first team ever, Of course, to win three in a row. How are you guys dealing with the Threepeat talk internally? I mean, we're, we're obviously not talking About nonstop. Yeah. Every day. It's just, You know, I look at Pat every single day. We're like, no, we, we don't talk about it at all. We're more, we're more focused on, you know, Andy Breaks down everything.


He's like, guys, I was gonna come up here and talk about turnovers and staying in the moment and really focusing in on details and making sure you let your personality show. But fuck it. I'm just gonna say what's, what everybody else is thinking. We have a chance to win three in a row, guys. We could do this. That's all we should be focused on is that record. It's, it hasn't been mentioned one time outside of being asked about it in the media. Everybody in the building has just focused on, you know, doing their job. You know, that's how we got here. That's how we got the first one. That's how we got the second one. It's the only way you win football games and, and get to the Super Bowl is If you focus on the task at hand. For sure. And, and we got a huge task coming up and, and it's, man, it's gonna be electric.


It's gonna be absolutely electric. We know Philly's got the, the sour taste in their mouth from the last one. And you know that. And they're a hell of a fucking football team, man. This will be the best team we play all year. Well, we got a couple notes on the game itself. Rookie Xavier worthy back to this Bill's game had a huge game. I mean, his biggest game of his career, not a bad time to put that up in the a FC championship X man. He's just been slowly getting better, man. He's, he's, he bought into the, to the process, to the challenge that, that the, that Coach Reed has for him that this offense has for him to not just be that, You know, I feel like when he got drafted there, everyone's like, man, there's gonna be bombs over Baghdad. Pat's gonna be throwing that thing a hundred yards down the field and Xavier's just gonna be running underneath it.


You know, he's got the straight line speed. But he's so much more than just a, like a, like a straight line receiver. He can run routes. He get the, he gets the ball in his hands. He can split defenders. He runs hard. I mean, he's a, he is the total package. When you think of a wide receiver, you can play outside. He can play inside and you can do some of the gadget stuff with them that, that you can't do with everyone. You know, that's What I saw a lot. And it, it wasn't really gadget plays. I mean they had a couple gadget plays, but it felt like the big thing to me watching is like, You know, I think what teams are kind of trying to do to you guys man it up. Right? And If you wanna play man against this guy with all these mesh concepts and crossers of how fast he is, that's just gonna be a tough matchup for anybody to get down.


Especially when he is timing everything up as well as he did this past week. Oh Yeah. It's been fun watching him progress each step of the way. I, Phil, I mean it's his first career, 100 plus yard receiving game, I guess 100 yards scrimmage. Yeah. Because Some of those weren't, I think he had 80 or 85. Yeah. Which was his mo the most he had in the game yet, which is crazy to me. But, and there are A lot of Big Third, he had that big third down catch. I mean it was a huge part of the game plan and helped the chiefs keep multiple drives going. Fourth down blitz maybe the biggest play of the game. Fourth and five under two minutes spas dials up the same thing. It does always in crucial situations. He's, you know, you're gonna get it. You don't know when is it gonna come on fourth down or it come on third down.


You Don't know where it's coming from. Always. He mixes it up enough. But I always felt like when I played Spags in with the Giants or when I played him with the Eagles, If you get into a crucial situation, he is not gonna be one of these coordinators who just sits back and plays soft coverage and lets you annihilate him. He is going to mix it up and you're gonna get a cover zero or some very big pressure. Either a fire zone, whatever. He's gonna find a way to get pressure on you and make you make a play. And it was a beautifully designed and timed uploads. It was, that thing was on Josh so fast. It was, And Credit to Josh, I mean he almost made this play 100% crazy That this thing almost got completed. If you think about it, I got Dalton Kincaid is gonna be a, he's gonna be a stud in this league for such a long time.


I'm talking about Dalton and he's, I I mean back to back weeks, man, my tight ends man. Those are my guys right there. Man. That shit hurts, Dude. This is the same freaking package spas used to do in New York. You put the free safety down and you gotta guess are they bringing free safety in the will or are they bringing it from the field? And it's so hard. He'll also drop and rush three. Like it's, he does so much stuff out of this. It is so hard to get a beat on it. I always think the hardest, the hardest ones to, the hardest blitzes to pick up are those fucking corner blitzes. Man. If you can get, if you can show, because you're a cover two team, when you can just show that, you know what I mean? You're playing a zone coverage, you can bring the corner man that throws everybody off, man. You just either gotta know where your hots are or you gotta be a, you know, a savvy enough QB to find some time and, and give yourself a chance like Josh did.


And this is what you run the risk of when you run those cram alignments. 'cause I bet if that's a out split receiver, it's gonna be the safety down there. This is a good point that you bring up because that actually is the corner and it's a lot harder to see when the corner adds on. You usually don't include 'em in it. But when you have those nasty alignments, the corner and the safety a lot of times will switch responsibilities. But yeah, you take it. That's Why we, that's why we love SPACs and that's why I love this defense, man. They play so fucking well together. They force guys to have to make plays and they, instead of just kind of, you know, playing guys straight up and playing these zones that, that, you know, a lot of, a lot of coaches just are, they're, I don't wanna say they're stubborn in the ways, but they have their, their styles of how they play defense.


And you either gotta have the guys that, that communicate well or you just gotta have guys that play balls of the walls, man. And that's what our defense does, man. They just fly around and make a plays man. And I do gotta say, I mean, kin k had a chance to catch this thing. That's not the easiest ball. That thing was curving away from him when that thing Goes up like that. And you can tell, you can tell by the way it was coming down, it's coming down funky. He's trying to track it and just couldn't come away with it. But man, almost a ridiculous, I mean, this would've been the play of the year if he pulled this off. So shout out to Spags for mixing it up and causing that play to really happen on fourth down. Oh yeah. And that was the difference.


I mean, last time you guys played these guys, Josh made the play on fourth down with the quarterback run Right now That ended up seal it. We were doing the, we were doing the top 10 plays of the, that was number one right there. Well, I mean, for the game to be able to do that, that was a huge play. Yeah. During the season. That was a hell of a play by, by Josh right there, man. Yeah. Well this time Spas gets the better of a month, gets the better of the bills on fourth th mahome spike. What the, he, I mean, Ja, he can throw the ball anywhere on the field, but he can't throw it directly into the ground. Is that what we're talking about? I think when you, I think when by way the end zone Like this, the by Travis Slav, I, I called it out in the middle of the game, Travis with an awesome block on the perimeter. I di I didn't know if Pat handed it off or not because it was a read.


So I wasn't sure if I was gonna take the guy from the inside trying the linebacker from the inside or if I was just going to, if Pat was on my like tail. If he was trailing me enough, I knew the inside guy, Milano at this point wasn't gonna be able to make the play initially. Once I kind of felt everybody running towards me, I was like, oh shit. Pat's right behind me. Listen, this is why I got so proud of you because this block is so hard. So many guys, and I talk about this with offensive lineman all the time, If you get too far out in, in the front of the runner, right? Like If you would've made that decision to go get Milano, he's not getting in. You play it smart. You stay in good phase with Pat. Yeah. Until, you know, okay, now he's he, if he can't tackle me, he ain't gonna be able to tackle Pat.


Exactly. So, so I'm keep on my course and climb and you end up sneaking out the touchdown an awesome play. And then here's a spike. I don't, I'll tell you what man, we put that play in the game plan this week. I was like, that's gonna fucking hit. You knew it. I Made you what made you think that? Dude, we'd never ran that play before. We never gave Pat the full ability to just like, keep it on the run. Yeah. Like you get two guys pulling for the back or you get two guys pulling for Pat and it's like the line, the line has to, I mean the linebackers have to make a decision that DM has to make a decision on who he's taken. And we ran it before Kareem scores for the touchdown. 'cause everyone's running with me, Noah and Pat. And this time they, they, they hesitate trying to read it out and we're out the gate before they can even adjust to it.


I Get it. I go back. I just love the way you hold on it too. I I really think that's just such a underweight, like pause it right there. You gotta make that decision. And once you see those guys break towards you, that's when you know, and that's Like, and and at the angle they were running, I was like, all right, I know Milano isn't gonna be able to get it. I know. And 24, if I can get him over by the goal line, I think we can find a way in. I like, it's a great block by Noah Gray as well. Let's, yeah. Don't get my, everybody does a great job. Noah does a great job on the nickel and freaking this is like teach tape. The Howard Mud, when I was a rookie, he would say when, when they, when those guys drop off into their zones, don't go and chase him. Stay in phase with the running back and you'll know based on when they break, when he has the ball, who has the ball and where they're going.


You know what I mean? And it's just textbook. Anyways, great play by the chiefs getting it done there. Terrible. Pat said it too. Spike by Pat. I Mean Pat, pat said it during the week too. He's like, man, just, that was hilarious. You can tell he's just fired off. Sometimes when you get in the end zone, you're just fired up. You Don't care What happens to the football man. Put the team on his back second rushing touchdown of the game. You kidding me man? And we're going for two. Fire me up man. So good. Good. I fucking love it, man. Arrowhead was absolutely fucking rocking, man. God damn man. The a FC championship at Arrowhead, man. Something special about it dog. It is, it is so awesome. Every time I get, Well football there is is a beautiful thing, man.


But those a FC championship games, man. It's like a fucking holiday that, that I'll remember for the rest of my life, man. Well, Mahomes apologized for his awful attempt at spiking the ball. He said, that's why I don't try to spike the ball. He's now, he now has the second most playoff wins in NFL history behind only Tom Brady. He does have a ways to go to catch Tom. Yeah, he's got an entire 17 more actually. Yeah, He's more than twice ahead of him still, which is crazy. It's always fun looking at these like career statistics from a Holmes and realizing he's not even into the second half of his career. Most likely. As long as everything stays on the right track.


It's, it's insane man. We've Also got a new Travis Postgame saw. Oh yeah. Casey in the Sunshine Band baby. Was it not Cher? No, it wasn't, it wasn't Make a Little Love. Yeah. Get Down tonight. They were playing that song right before we, we went up on the podium. So I knew that. I knew that and I heard the crowd singing it, so I was like, all right, I'm gonna keep it going. I'm gonna get 'em fired up one more time. Can't go wrong with it. It's always been Beastie Boys, but I kinda like the change up. You gotta mix it up when you, when you're there that often you gotta mix it up. All right. You gotta mix it up Regardless. Do you guys enjoy being the villains of the NFL?


I love it. Yeah, I love it. I mean at one point, at one point in time, you know, it wasn't that and yeah, You were the, you were the cinder, you, you guys were the darling of the NFL. I was the yeah, I was the Do you feel bad for 'em guys? And you're Now the heel? I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm enjoying, I'm enjoying doing this with the guys together, the guys that we have in there because it's, it's like, it just makes us even more of a family. Yeah. You just circle the wagons when shit, you know, people are saying whatever they want and you just band it together and it, and it just makes you more appreciate more of what you have because people want what you have. This Is how I feel like how dominant you guys are at football. I feel like this when I play beer ball, I just know everybody wants me to lose, but I, I'm not going to lose.


I refuse to lose a beer ball and the whole crowd is like, God, this guy just keeps chugging beers way faster than everybody and winning. 'cause he can hit the, the ping pong ball so well under the beer can. And I feel the same way and I relish it whenever I'm on that beer ball table. I know everybody wants me to lose and I'm just like, I know damn well I'm about to whoop the fuck outta everybody here and make all these people ruin their day. I just relish in that. It's also the most unre regulated game there has ever been. And Jason knows how to bend the rules. I've bend the rules in regulated games. So If you gimme an unregulated game, I'm gonna be pushing them boundaries even more. You gotta have officials out there for the Ja with Jason Kelsey, This is great.


It's time to talk about our next sponsor.


BUFFALO WILD Wings. Buffalo Wild Wings now has BOGO Days where you can Get BOGO deals Monday through Thursdays on burgers and wings, Which means on Mondays and Wednesdays you can get buy one, get one free burgers And on Tuesdays you can get buy one, get one half off traditional Wings And on Thursdays you can get BOGO free boneless Wings. Man, these are some great deals. All right. 26 sauces and dry rubs. There's something for everyone but I'm definitely gonna go With, I mean honey barbecue honey, Honey barbecue Jason, come on. I'll enjoy some lemon pepper or some hot sauce. The original buffalo can't go wrong. I'm in on all of it to be honest with you. And you know I'll be there for my favorite burger. What's that? I'm more of like a bacon, mac and cheeseburger kind of guy or a Oh interesting. Triple Bacon burger. Alright. You can get Bogo days deals at your local BUFFALO WILD WINGS or for takeout and delivery with BUFFALO WILD WINGS Go. So Get BOGO deals Monday to Thursday with Buffalo Wild Wings Bogo days before it's over Buffalo Wild Wings. Let's go Sports Bar.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know to check weather first before going to the Beach. That's right. Like you know to check your phone's battery before leaving for a long road trip. Like you know to check your face paint is washable before going to the tailgate. Like You know to check that you have your ID before getting to the airport to fly out for the big game. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content Is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and catch to insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


Thank you to our partner DraftKings. Hey football fans, the big game is right around the corner, which means you have just a few days left to get in on the action. New Heights is teamed up with DraftKings. Pick six in a brand new way to play daily fantasy. And Right now all new customers who play $5 will get $59 and pick six credits. Download DraftKings. Pick six app now and sign up with the code. New Heights only on DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is yours. Getting started is simple. Just download the DRAFT KINGS pick six app and sign up with Code New Heights. Pick at least two players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat. Like will they get more or less than 28 and a half receiving yards or maybe than half interceptions thrown. Lock them in and compete against others for a shot at huge cash prizes. Download the DRAFT KINGS at pick six app now and sign up with Code New Heights only on DRAFT KINGS. Pick six. The Crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Let's Move on to the other game. Congratulations though Trav, it was awesome being out there with you. It was awesome being with the team after the game and seeing guys and got to see my man Trey Smith and talk to him for, I got so much respect for his game. I love watching the way he plays. So it was great. It was good being out there and happy to watch you guys make history and look to make more history. You know it baby. Let's talk a little Eagles football. An absolute Yeah, baby shellacking over there in Philly. I know the birds. The birds fans were going nuts. Yeah, For sure. 55 to 23. The third time you play a team, you guys split it in the season and sure enough you guys win the split by by a lot.


I mean, putting up a 50 burger in the playoffs is unbelievable for sure. I mean, especially against a good defense man. Can't turn the ball over, man. How do we feel about the, about the birds though? Man, I Wasn't able to watch the game 'cause I was going to yours. That that was the biggest thing I was struggling with all week. Do I go to Travis's game? Do I stay in Philly? Do I, 'cause part of me and Kyle even brought up, he's like, you know, If you stay in Philly and they win, you can go to Broad Street, which is something I never, I always wanted to experience the last time we were making runs. Like there's just the videos you see of everybody out on Broad Street and how much the fans and city go crazy is just so electric. It's crazy. Yeah. But ultimately I wanted to be out there for you. We were actually in the plane getting updates from the pilots.


We had watched already the commanders go down and get a field goal, right. But the deed looked pretty good and they held him to three and they just, and then you go up there and the very first run, I mean Saquon dashes right through Jordan, a lot of blocked, like a, a defensive back into four people tripped up Bobby Wagner and a whole bunch of people. And then Saquon broke like four tackles. I'm like, oh, these dude's about to beat the brakes off these guys. I don't even need to, this is about to be over quick, dude. They're they're and wasn't acting like monster stars to, To their credit it wasn't over. Yeah, this was the first one. Insane. I mean, Dude, One, two, Some of the worst tackling I've ever seen.


But I mean you can say it's bad tackling, but I mean the guy is Yeah, it's a slippery, it is so slippery. It's true and fast. It's true and strong. He's like some of those guys that are just like, they're built like fucking boulders and he, you can, you know, he squats the house sa quad and Yep. He's just, it's easy to say you can just go up and tackle him If you got good form. And it's like, that's not, that's not as easy as it seems when a guy's go moving as fast as he is and a guy's as strong as he is and the guy that can just like stay balanced. He can spin off you. He can fucking jump over you. You gotta be ready for it all. And man, that run fucking showed it And we were up in the air and they were giving us, I asked the pilots like, Hey, give us score updates radio down to the tower or whatnot.


That's so fucking Good. It was fucking electric. We were going crazy back there 'cause they scored that touchdown. I was like, oh, this is about to be, they're about to blow the brakes off these dudes. Yeah, that's a hell of a play to fucking, that's a, that's dagger Saying you're close run ball like that on the first play. This's gonna be a long day After the link was probably The next next score update. We got Erupted like a volcano after that fucking touchdown, dude. The next score update we got it was 14 six. I'm like, yeah, okay, there we go. They're still Dr they're still moving the ball. There we go. Love to hear it. Then we got 14, 12 and I was like, oh crap, this is all right. All right. They're starting to come back a little bit. And then the next update was like 27, 12. I was like, okay, this thing's done. They're, they're freaking And that really was the turning point.


Like Jay Daniels still played a hell of a game when you go back and watch it. Like, like Jay Daniels still played really well. The commanders did a lot of things well. But that three series sequence of like eagle score, kickoff, fumble recovery score, right going into half, that was when it was like, okay, this is gonna be really hard for the commanders to come back from now. Especially with a run game like that. And the way the Eagles were just controlling the, controlling the, the clock. I mean, huge shout out to Dan Quinn. I mean this team was, to turn this around this quick within a year. I just thought it was such a testament to obviously how good Jayden Daniels is, but also how great of a coach Dan Quinn was to get all these guys rallied together.


'cause this, this team felt like it had, like as a team that has been through it for a long time. They were tough. They played hard, they played physical all season long. And I know they are probably still upset they lost the game. But I mean, when you take a step back and think about where they were a year ago and how good they were this year, I mean, an amazing accomplishment. It's promising for sure. Yeah. Unfortunately for Eagles fans, this is gonna be something that's gonna be a pain in the ass for a while over there with Jayden Daniels and the, the Dan Quinn commanders. Yeah. The commander. Dan Quinn. Yeah. We'll, al we'll also see If you know a lot, there's, there've been a lot of, lot of quarterbacks that have one really good year as their first year.


That's True. We'll see Jayden, that's a challenge to you brother. Alright, I wanna see it. I know I wanna see it. I'm a fan. Yeah. Jason, you, you officially pulled off the Donna Kelsey. No, I bought it, man. Keep it in the family. Go to a Eagles and Chiefs game in the playoffs and one fucking day. Bet you did it on championship Sunday, which is cool. I did get to see everybody before the game, which was awesome. Nice. You know, I got to interview Nick Sirianni. I got to see Stout and Dom and Lane and all the, all the guys I got to watch go out on the field and, and you know, at least dap 'em up. Yeah, I was about to say all the guys that you went to the Super Bowl with or won the Super Bowl with and Shady was there. And dude, You could see the look in those guys' eyes too. The, these dudes were so focused and ready to do something nice.


The intensity. That's what I love about playoff football. And I'm sure the commanders were the same way. Like the intensity was palpable. You could tell how much everybody was ready to get something done and just, I miss I miss being a part of that for sure, man. I love that shit when everybody's just dialed in and they just got that dog. Look at 'em. They got that feel of like, I'm f I'm not scared of that goddamn thing, man. We're gonna go in here and we're gonna fight for sure. Fight to the finish. I love that fucking feeling, man. Well Jason, we have to ask in your famous words, we gotta ask, what do you gotta ask as a retired eagle out? Does it feel that your team has gotten back to the Super Bowl brother As a retired eagle?


I'm immensely happy for these guys. I got to watch a bunch of guys that like are really, really close to me and have been, were pivotal either coaches or players and teammates, staff. I got to watch a lot of people win a monumentally huge game. And not similar to the Commanders, but the way last season ended for this group of players and coaches. And the teams are different, obviously. Like no two teams are the same every year. It's always got slight differences always. But there's a lot of similarities. Nick Sirianni was fighting a lot of nonsense all off season.


Right. And I just think so I'm just so incredibly happy and proud that these guys have persevered and stuck together, you know, got it done and are, find themselves back in the Super Bowl just two years being removed from the last time we were there. Very happy for all these guys. Well, I, I got a lot of love for all, a lot of the players and coaches over there just being your fucking brother, man. Yeah. So it's, we know it's gonna be our hardest fucking test. That's the damn sure. I mean, this is how it goes. The two teams in the Super Bowl, go figure they're gonna be well matched up. You know, we run the ball extremely well. Spags is probably the best coordinator I ever p one of, at least one of the best coordinators I ever played against in terms of it stopping the run.


Like he's gonna have some front styled up. He's gonna be stacking the line of scrimmage, he's gonna make the Eagles uncomfortable at times. And the Eagles, I mean, I was, that was another thing. I'm just so happy for June hurts to have that game right there heading into the Super Bowl because he's coming off the concussion in some extended period of time, not playing for that first playoff game. Then the second playoff game, it's a freaking blizzard. So the, the passing yards were down the first two weeks of the postseason. Then he goes out and has a game like this, plays unbelievably well throws. I mean, it might have been one of his best games of the season and it happened in probably the most meaningful game, so not probably the most meaningful game. So yeah, all the stuff that you could want to go right.


Went right in this one for the Eagles and it's a hell of a momentum to take into the Super Bowl. Was it over when they put the Washington gear on the rocky statue or what? Dude, I love it. Whenever I see a team doing it, I'm like, all right, y'all playing with fire. The ghost of rock's about to Freaking, I, I'm, I'm fully, I'm fully aware of the fact that it happens every single meaningful game. Yeah. I don't think it's the other team doing it at this point. You Think the Eagles are doing It? 100%. I mean, I like iconically they put the Chief's gear on the statue last Time. Yeah. That was Chief's gear. It was a red shirt that said Chiefs on it. Is that what it was? I don't remember. They like, they like wrote chiefs in like Sharpie or something.


It's, it's gotta be Phil. It's gotta be Conspiracy. I can get behind. This is a conspiracy I can get behind. There's just firing up the entire city getting, getting it nice and rowdy. Well, we learned about a new NFL rule in the game that the palpably Unfair Act rule. Yeah. I actually already knew this rule. I didn't know that. That's what it was called. I love It. I don't get it. What a, I don't, I didn't, I missed this. So they jumped off sides four times. Sounds silly. I mean, it was crazy. They just kept jumping over. Yeah, well he kept going hard cadence so Well, Yeah, but If you continually jump at some point, they award you the score. Yeah. That's ridiculous. I I like it. I like That idea. I think it's absolutely ridiculous.


No, that's fantastic. Just snap the ball. No, just snap the ball. Dude. Dude, what are doing? Dude, stop fucking cheating. Stop cheating. Are we trying to, why are we trying to get closer? We're not trying to get closer. We're trying to stop this guy from jumping over and headbutting our quarterback on a quarterback sneak. So maybe stop jumping over the pile. How about that? He's gonna time it up better, bud. Yeah, he does, but If you don't time it up better. I think after that many times you should get points because at some point what they can just do whatever they want. You're right. I guess you're right. I Once you're backed up so far, like what is the, I don't know. No, I get it. Here's What I do know. Landon Dickerson and Cam Jurgens are two of the toughest motherfuckers I've ever seen play football. What happened with that situation? So Cam's back was all screwed up all week.


Landon Dickerson was tough as hell. Tried to push through his knee deal then Cam Jergens had to go in after dealing with the back injury and ends up finding a way to get it done. I don't know how he did it. He found a way to get it done. Swapping centers like that is, I mean, that's a crazy deal If it happens in kc I know. Like we we're not just like outside of like the QB center exchange before practices like Yeah, QBs aren't just like taking the snap from the second string guys or usually, you know what I mean? Like Of Course. Yeah. And I think that that's where, you know, they had the benefit, Landon played all week at center because Cam was trying to get healthy. So they had tons of reps to get that center exchange down and then Cam and Jalen had been center and quarterback for the whole year.


So they got tons of reps together. I think if they would've had to go to like a third string guy that can, they had never worked with, that's when it starts to like, oh wow, this could really, who, who knows how this is gonna turn out? Yeah, no, I think that they, those guys have both played a lot for the Eagles. They understand even when Landon's at Guard, he'll operate, he thinks like a center. Landon has the mind of a center, so he always is communicating. He sees the game very similarly. For Landon, it was probably pretty easy from a mental standpoint to go in there, even though he was hobbled with the knee eventually. And then Cam going back in there. I think that was just like, you know, can this guy function, which he clearly was able to. How many times did Eagles fans yell at to put the pads back on?


For what? Just come on, just put 'em back On. There's a lot of tweets. There's a lot of tweets. Appreciate 'em. Nice. I don't know what else to say. Well, yeah, I guess I can't, I feel like we kind of already talked about Who are we rooting For? Who you're rooting for. Yeah, A little bit. We didn't really touch, I I, here's the biggest thing. Obviously you're my brother. I always root for my brother. That's the reality of it. Yes. All right. Even though I'm decked out in Eagle's gear, I'm always gonna root for Travis. Take that Philly. But what? Yeah, but there's a lot of people in the Philadelphia organization, whether it's players, coaches, people in the building that feel like extended family to me, especially my former lineman, like Lane Johnson feels like a brother in a lot of ways.


And I respect that. I'm for those guys too. I'm rooting for all, I'm rooting for Philadelphia and I'm rooting for Travis Kel. That's the reality of it. No matter what on game day, I'm gonna be happy for one of those sides and I'm gonna be sad for the other Side. Yeah, I was about to say it'd be mixed emotions, man. Yeah. And it's similar to the last time we played. I mean, maybe a little bit less intense 'cause I'm not playing now, but I, I think it's gonna be very, very similar. I really do. I live in Philadelphia. I still go to the facilities on a very regular basis. I still feel like I am a Philadelphia Eagle and that I'm a part of all of these people that root and cheer on our team. Yeah. So I would be lying if I didn't say, if I, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't gonna be very happy if the Chiefs or if the Eagles, I'm trying to think, I'm saying like double negatives Right now.


I'm trying to get this right. I would be lying if I said I don't want the Eagles to win. You know what I mean? Yeah. I want him to, but I also want Travis Kel to win. So Yes. That's a longwinded way of saying, I just wanna see a good football game and whoever wins, I'm gonna be happy for that guy you Heard to here first folks, he wants Jason, he wants Travis Kelce to win. We need to get you a, a mom jacket, a sl a mom jacket, a jersey. We need to get one. Get The Donna Kelsey Jersey. Yeah, we gotta get a cut and sew action here where we can get you cheering for the both, both teams. Like mom's done year in, year out. I can't wear red, I can't wear it. I'm not, I can't bring myself to it. What About like Bearcat red? That's What Kylie does, but I don't even think she's gonna be doing that this time around Kylie.


I'm gonna wear my new Heights big Yeti shirt. Is it in red or is it in yellow? The Yeti shirt. Is it the red one or the one that's in yellow? I don't know. Oh, it's in Chief's Red. Okay. So I won't be wearing the big Yeti shirt. I'll wear the yellow one. I have the Big Yeti yellow one. I'll have, I'll wear that. Just wear a new Heights shirt, man. That way I know That's a good idea. There You go. There you go. We we're one of the new merch, New Heights. All right, let's take a, let's take a look at Broad Street for some of the best of Eagles fans. Celebrations. Because we always know Broad Street's gonna get fucking nuts when the, when Philadelphia sports teams punched their ticket into the championship.


Man. For sure. The pole climbing, reading inter excellence is fucking hilarious. God, Philly gets it man. It's a fun city. It's a fun city. Check you out. Go the book. Fill me the book. Yeah. Yeah. Now that's it. Our excellence right there. Dude, I couldn't be more happy of all the positive mental, just like therapy that AJ Brown has brought to the city of Philadelphia. So many people are gonna be reading this self-help book. Pre-game, walking cart, smoker, Pre-game walking cart, smoker. Oh, that's fucking h hilarious. This guy smoking some ribs.


That's fucking hilarious. I think there's A, I think there's a pig's head on there. Go back to that. Was that pig's head on the cart? It was a whole fucking pig. He's literally, he's literally roast Jesus. That's amazing. Oh, that's funny. Isn't Twisted tea underneath it. Nice. All right. That's fucking, that's hilarious. 6-year-old arrested climbing a pole. Let's see that one. You can't arrest kids. Get The kids. That's not real. Oh, do It. So son Can't do it.


So that's actually hilarious. Even the police, were having fun with the, the craziness that is Broad Street after, after A NFC championship Win Man. Is the, is the, is New Orleans Louisiana ready for Eagles fans? Man? Not if they win. I mean nor New Orleans has seen some rowdy stuff just in general. Like that's a rowdy town. They're ready to party at any time. Oh yeah. But birds fans down there. If the birds pull this off, it's gonna leave their mark for sure. On Bourbon Street. Bring your party beads. There's Pre plenty of poles outside on the street and inside You gotta grease 'em. You gotta grease 'em. There's gonna be beads and poles and it's gonna be fricking nuts.


Yeah. Or it's not gonna be okay. Is there any other football stuff we want to hit? Who are you rooting for? I'll tell you what I'm, my money's on Pat Mahomes. Alright, That's it for Championship Sunday. We will have a full Super Bowl episode dropping next week where we can talk about some more football. We're also going to record that one in person in New Orleans. I'm hoping from a balcony right on Bourbon Street. But they're telling me that logistically that's impossible. But we still are figuring out our schedule. So stay tuned to New Heights on social. So you know when that episode next week is gonna drop Yes. Up onto the next segment. New Heights Food Court.


All right.


New Heights Food Court is brought to you by MTV's. The challenge All stars. Oh yeah, yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Baby. Think You can make it work with your worst enemy. Tune in January 29th at eight seven Central on MTV. That's what I'm talking about. A little MTV. Shout out.


Are There that many people in the central time zone that it's worth saying Eight seven Central? I like why is it always, why is it done that way? I Think it's like there's more people in the, in the West Coast time zone, right? Yeah. I'm not sure. So why you say East and West Coast and let the people in the middle just do some math? Yeah, you could do it like that. Or you could just talk to probably our audience. And since you're in the East Coast and I'm in Central time, alright, That makes a lot more sense. I mean, that's just how I draw the conclusion or connection. Well, no, it's, it's really smart. So I feel stupid now. Love that. This week we're informed there is an official Skyline Chili ice cream. What the fuck are we doing?


People? I'm not gonna lie, I cannot wait to try this. This is so disgusting. Why? Why can you not wait to try this? Because I'm a sucker for these stupid new like food item things. Like, I always go to Taco Bell and get like their Dorito shell, whatever, and it fucking tastes terrible all the time. But I got higher expectations for graders Did its graders Gra do. Why did you just say graders like that? You know, graders is fucking the best. It's got one good flavor. It's got every good flavor. It's got One, it's got one good flavor. It's got one flavor that everybody knows. That's the only, the best Black raspberry chip. But That's it. You're outta your mind. Gra is incredible. Well, they just got worse for doing Skyline Chili.


I think we get a garage beer. Flavored ice cream. Oh, I thought you were gonna say garage beer flavored Skyline Chili. I was like, dude, no, No, I'm, that doesn't sound good to me. But Garage beer. Flavored ice cream. Ice cream sounds better than a beer. Beer. A garage beer. Flavored ice cream. Yeah. That sounds fucking delicious. Oh, all right. Yeah. I thought you were say yeah. Yeah. All right. Well we know Jason would eat this. There's no fucking chance I'm eating this. I cannot wait to try this. Great. Is if you're out there, you wanna ship some and some dry ice, I will eat it on this podcast. 'cause that's how much I love him. I am in, I'm gonna be very honest though. If it's bad, I am gonna say it's bad, so don't send it to me If it sucks. What would be the worst food to be made into? An ice cream?


I would say one is chili. What do you think? I don't know. Chili. Like you put sour cream in it. I Think it pairs well with the dairy more than people really think when they first hear it. Just gonna put that out there. You disconnected sour cream and ice cream. Just saying they're both dairies, they're creams, derivatives of cream. Something tells me that sour, the sour cream that they're serving over there. And Skyline Chili isn't, I Don't think they put sour cream and skylight skyline's. Not traditional chili. We, we both know that. What, what do you think would be the worst thing for The Worst ice cream flavor? What doesn't match up with dairies to you? I mean, The problem is everything kind of works for ice cream.


I just love ice cream that much. I mean, I'm reading Mayo. Mayo would be fucking just Absolutely. That'd be a weird one. Disgusting A, I don't think I'd be interested in that. It's too much Mayo. I'm not a big dairy and spicy guy. No, I don't think those two really mix very well. Like so like a jalapeno wouldn't go, wouldn't be a good ice cream. Jalapeno ice cream? I don't Think so. Anything like flaming hot like that? Like super spicy. I'd do some long hot ice cream. Ooh. Some long hots. Pickled Long hots ice cream. God, that's so bad. Pickle's Another one Pickle. I would definitely be out on, and I love pickles, but pickles and ice cream would be fucking disgusting. A Little salty and a little sweet.


That's not just what you get that, that's crazy. You just tried to make it sound that simple. Well, cucumbers. What about cucumber ice cream? I bet that'd be pretty good. I like cucumber water sometimes. Sometimes it's a very faint flavor. It I, it wouldn't turn me away. I would be like, all right, I'll try it. But it wouldn't, it wouldn't make it. It's not like, this sounds good. I think Pickle ice cream wouldn't be bad. I'm in on, I'm in on trying Pickle Little Pickle ice cream. I don't think we're gonna find a flavor that I'm not into. I Ice cream is where I'm different than like donuts. Everybody likes the Creative Donuts. I fucking can't stand Creative Donuts. Gimme a glazed donut and I'll tell you if it's good or not.


Ice cream. I'd like being a little frisky with some ice cream. Now I'll try your, your funky flavors, didn't you? Were you an espresso like hater on ice cream? Like a coffee flavor? Ice cream. I hate That. I love coffee. Ice cream. Love coffee, ice cream. My go-to is Butter Pecan or pre leaves and cream. Typically I get two scoops. I go to, I go to the ice cream parlor. I get a cup. Okay. Par Never a cone. Never a cone. Get a cup and I'm gonna put one scoop of something that I know is gonna be good and I'm gonna do another scoop of something that either pairs well with that or something. That sounds interesting. And I've never had, that's kind of my go-to for Ice cream. That's, that's a pro move. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, that's how you get ice cream. Sometimes I'll just go cone, because I love that sugary delight. You like the cone? I'll, I'll do it occasion.


I'll feel frisky It, add a good texture to it. It's gotta be a good, like a nice vanilla waffle cone. Or like something like, just like I'm about to go get some fucking ice cream today. That does sound good. What is on the Mount Rushmore of ice cream flavors? That's like asking what's on your Mount Rushmore of like movies and music. There's just so many fucking flavors. And some flavors taste better from different places. You know, I just, I can't just, it's Very hard. So I'm gonna go, you can't go wrong with fucking Oreo or cookies and cream. It's just like, okay. So Oreo is one I've never heard anyone say they dislike Oreos or Cookies and Cream.


It's true. It is a pre a pretty unanimously loved ice cream. Are you a butter pecan fan? You better believe It. I love Butter Pecan. It's my favorite. Oh, Fuck on. I'll fuck on that shit. Yeah, but you know why I, it's like, it's that salty and sweet deal. That's what, that's what gets me with the Butter Pecan. I was A big fan of Cold Stone Creamery and getting the cake batter, ice cream cake and a brownie in there. Fucking God damn It. That's one of my favorites. Brown brownie and cake batter. You can't fucking, that's, it's So hard. It was so good. Dude. That's a fucking, And then I'd have them drizzle drop. That's a drop kick to your fucking tonsils right there. I would have Drizzle the car caramel and chocolate in there as well with it.


It's another pro move Jason cake batter. But dude cake batter. Specifically from Coldstone Coldstone. Yeah. Which graders probably is not gonna like, here's another one is Black Raspberry Chip on There. I'm disappointed that you've made me have to make this decision. What else do we have? We gotta get something f like, I'll tell you what, fruit based One, We have to get a free big one in there. Another say, one that I go to very often. It's a very safe pick. And it's always good. Pretty much Lemon ice. I love strawberry ice cream. I'm with you. It's like, it's not something that you, that you, it's kind of like you forget about it. It is so good. It goes back to your two flavor thing. That's one that I pair with a lot of the ones that I get now. You can pair Strawberry with Oreo cookies and cream with butter pecan.


You can like mose tracks. You can pair strawberries with all those cake batter. Another one. It's just, it just makes sense. Final four. I'm gonna go cookies and cream. You Can, yeah, you Can. You Can't go too creative. I think you gotta keep it pretty simple 'cause you can't go brand specific. So I'm with you. Oreos and Cream Oreos. Cookies and cream. Nice butter pecan. Yep. I, I say cake batter and black raspberry chip. But cake batter's only specific to, what's it called? I can't think of the name. Coldstone Coldstone. I've never had it outside of Coldstone. I'll say that. Right. But God damnit, I've never had black raspberry chip outside of graders. There's some pe other people making black raspberry now they've tried to take it from 'em.


It's not done as well. Alright, you make the list then. No, you got it. That's it. Cookies, a green butter pecan cake batter and black raspberry chip. Tell us how we did 92 Percenters. People are gonna Hate this list. This is easily the most, This is solid list. You can, you can mix cake batter with everything. I'm, we're, we're on the same page. We like, we don't just like to grab one. We like to get something that, that's a combo. We like to get more flavors and sometimes combine those flavors. Right. And I think all these you can kind of combine and you can make, you can make a really good ice cream spread. The fact that we don't have any chocolate on there, I just like, I I I'm in agreement, but I mean, chocolate ice cream's nice.


It sucks. That was the Bear claw you're talking about. It had the brownie and the chocolate. It Was so, it was fucking good. It was so good. All right. Well, too bad. We already put it up there. Let's keep it moving. Shout out to the New Heights Food Court. Shout out to graders. Step in their game up with Skyline Chili. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody in Cincinnati go and taste that shit and tell us if Jason can't get it sent to his house. You tell, you tell us. I would love to hear and don't be biased. Yeah. Just 'cause you love both of them. Just be honest. We know you, you 5 1 3 years


for the first time ever, the Challenge All Stars is coming exclusively to MTV. But This time with a major twist. 13 All star pairs of Rivals will need to work together to win in a new season of MTVs That challenge All Stars Rivals tonight at eight seven Central. That's right. 13 of the Bitterest pairs of All Stars Rivalries in Challenge History are going to have to get along together if they wanna win the title of All Stars. Champion. We're Talking Exus, backstabbers, frenemies and all time Worst Enemies partnering Up, including Challenge, favorites, nanny and Turbo and Leroy. And Devon. No Other season has so much tension, drama, or bad Blood because the best chance for these all stars to come out on top is to live and die by their rival. This might just be the most challenging all-star season, Yet you think you can make it work with your worst enemy. Don't miss MTV's the challenge. All Stars Rivals New Season Tonight at eight seven Central Watch on MTV.


Thank you MENTOS gum for sponsoring today's Episode. You ever notice how everyone's always reaching for gum when they're bored or need a pick me up talking to Exhibit A? Yes, I do understand that. 'cause I am always chewing gum when you can't concentrate on a page anymore after studying for so long Or when you're stuck in a back-to-back meetings and need to feel human again. We all Need a little ways to refresh our daily routines and make them more fun. And that's where MENTOS Gum comes in. Sometimes it's as simple as popping in a piece of MENTOS gum and taking a different route to work. Trying a new lunch spot. Trying a new workout class. Trav, what's your go-to MENTOS gum flavor. You're just chewing on these days. Just The traditional, the the the old traditional one. Mint fresh. Yeah. I like, I'll, I'll go winter green every now and then or spearmint, but for the most part, I'm just like a fresh mint kind of guy. Sometimes all you need is a little reminder to refresh the every day and shake things up. Yes. To Fresh with Mintos gum.


Thanks again to our participating sponsor, audible. This new year, let Audible expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audiobooks and exclusive audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Maybe you want to kick a bad habit or start a good one. Listening to Audible can help you reach the goals you set for yourself. All you have to do is open the app and whatever your focus or interest is, you'll find titles for. That's right. Like Atomic Habits by James Clear or Outlive the Science and Art of Longevity by Peter Attia. Get advice or insight from leading professionals and experts on maybe health, relationships, career finance, investing a whole lot more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you're listening. That's Right. Start listening today when you sign up for a free 30 day trial at audible.com/new Heights.


No dumb questions. No, no questions. Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. Now this is taxes. All Right, now. All Right. We got a poop dollar tweet. Oh yeah. Workaholics baby At New Height show. Hear me out if Philly Casey Super. So this was tweeted before that was decided. I'm assuming Jason is guest for the coin toss hurt Saquon, pat and Travis or Captains Jason rigs the silver dollar with dog poo. When the official flips the coin and picks it up, they all yell poop dollar. Listen, I do love a good poop Dollar the Super Bowl to new Heights. I love a good poop da, don't get me wrong, but think there's an appropriate time.


And that is the Super Bowl coin to us. There's no way It is gonna weight down one of the sides so it won't be a very even coin toss. Whatever side the poop's on is gonna be landing that side down. It's gotta be tails. Right? That's gotta be the poop down other side. So If it, so If it lands tails, you just scream poop dollar. Well It's the poop dollar's on whatever side you put it on or you put it on both sides. Dude, it's not even a dollar. If it Is, if it's a silver dollar. Ooh. So if it's a silver dollar, you gotta put it on the, the tail side. You can't put tail side. You can't put poop on the pants Side Poop on somebody's head. Yeah. Yeah. So If it lands heads then we don't say anything.


But If it lands tails, we all gotta yell. Poop dollar. I Think you just yell poop dollar when the official picks it up. That's fucked Up. Well now they know it's coming. I don't know how we're gonna commandeer the coin toss or the coin for the coin toss. Well you're the, that's, that's, I know Where you can get poop from. I feel pretty confident I can get that, but I don't know how we're gonna be able to get the coin. Yeah, that's a good point. You know, Roger, you just gotta talk to Roger. Alright, I'll talk to Roger. Nice. We got a lot of voicemails and in particular we got a lot of voicemails that we wanted to, that you guys wanted to hear our interns answer. So we've bringing in Jake and Brandon to this segment. What's up? What? We're gonna listen to some voicemails. What's, What's up, what's Up boys?


Let's this up all time. I saw you guys. I am already regretting this. Everyone, please stop, stop talking. No You're not. No you're not. Jake Brandon, are you? How you guys feeling? You guys feeling good? Looking good? Get Some dude. I've been, I've been floating. I've been, Dude, how was, I got a question. How was Arrowhead? Arrowhead was loud. Arrowhead was loud. Arrowhead was rocking. I will say this. Do you Ever, you ever experience the the Cowboys stadium that rocking like that? Let's see, the last time they were in that old NFC title game I was Jake do you ever the Jet six, the Jets Stadium ever get rocking like that? MetLife gets loud. I'll give Jets fans some credit. MetLife gets loud. I like it does. It does. I haven't been to a playoff game in 15 years, but, well, yes.


Back then it was loud. I was just asking questions. Just adding there was from two guys from, you know, devoted fans to their fan base. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Diehard Cowboys fan Brandon. Diehard Cowboys fan. Sure. Yeah. Fuck all of you. The, the moment at Arrowhead, Jake, I don't remember like If you had the moment that it was the loudest that Arrowhead was when the fourth, when the fourth down was incomplete, when like everybody was confirmed that ball hit the ground was holy shit. That place erupted. And then when everybody kind of clocked that p Ryan had the angle to get the first down. 'cause there, there was such a lull from that third down of It was like, oh, oh shit, they, we could give Josh Allen one more chance if we don't get this.


Everybody was doing the math in their head and there was a lot of clinching going on in that stadium. So it was a lot of like, oh shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. And then I think when they saw him break and they saw the angle, he had that first down. I think that was the loudest I heard at all. That. And that was fucking incredible. Was nuts. It was shaking in the walls. Nuts. That was wild. I will say that I was nuts. Yeah. Which voicemail? Which voicemail do you want to hear people, people want to hear from us this week? Let's see what I don't. Let's see what Rootings about. Okay, So we know that everyone's gonna be asking Jason who he's rooting for in the Super Bowl, what he's gonna wear everything. My question is for intern Brandon and Jets Shake. Congrats on getting up to the suite. We also, the picture on Twitter.


Congrats X, congrats. What do they call it now? So the big question one, do you get to go to the game And two, what are y'all gonna wear for the Super Bowl? It's a great question guys. Congrat Guys way. That's a great question. Great question. Way to Put Travis on the spot. Do. Yeah, thanks. It's weird. It's weird how that voicemail got slipped in here. That's crazy. Travis Already intro. Brandon and Jet Jake. Yeah, Josh you Were fucking Yeah, why don't Travis's really for you first off. Yeah. You Wanna go? Well the crazy thing is, is that all NFL players get two tickets. So Jason, you, I'm pretty sure you know somebody I that you can, this is, this is Jason. I no longer a player who's your favorite, but you know, you know players on the Eagles that you could probably get the tickets.


Do you Want me to ask other players for two tickets for Interim Brandon and Jet Shake? No, I'm not doing That. Yes you do. God damnit. I thought we were all friends here. If You guys wanna go, I'll buy some tickets. That was your chance boys. I don't even know if I'm gonna go yet, but now I wanna go where You go. I'm Gonna go where you go. If I'm gonna, I'm gonna go where you go. I'm not, I'm very Much, I might watch it from, I might watch it from Bourbon Street. I'm not gonna lie. That sounds more electric than being in that stadium. You Mind in the balcony. The rooting question is very good and I really think Jake's got the best answer on this. So I'll let him go first. Well, Oh, that was what I was gonna do to you. So that's Fucked up. Nope, I think Jake, let's let's you go first buddy. Who are you rooting for? They asked what I would be wearing.


I will be wearing Don't new Heights, merch 'cause I'm a company man. Perfect motherfucker. Well done. Well done, Jake. It's why we employ you. Exactly. Who I'm rooting for is a tough question because most of my family lives in Philadelphia. Oh. But I, Travis is playing and so if either one of you is buying us tickets, that's probably the team I'm Gonna All right, well that's, that settled that one for About Brandon gonna buy you, if I buy you a ticket to get you an Eagles gear at the Super Bowl, I might just be willing to make that a purchase dress Up like Swoop. I don't give a fuck.


This guy just wants to go to the Super Bowl, man. I love it. Respectful. That's a fair one. That's a fair one. Randy, are you gonna give your 2 cents or are you in on your with Jake on that? Oh, I can be bought. I can be bought like crazy. No, I can Be bought. My, my price is low brother. I will say this and I I I've been thinking about this. 'cause this, it's funny when this happened, Jason and I were laughing about this of like, Of course this is the fucking situation we found ourselves in. Again, again, we're gonna run this back. Yeah. I Of course want to root for Travis Kelsey because the phone call or recording we have to have afterwards is gonna be miserable otherwise. But that's a good point. I I, I do wanna say this and I do wanna, I do really, really wanna say this to, to Philly fans, to to chiefs fans.


So much of what this show was able to do, like season one was because both teams and organizations and coaches and players were so like nice to us and so like gracious to give us access to Jalen and Pat and Andy showed up for an episode that it's, this is going to suck. I'm being very clear. This is going to suck bad. Like I really, it's really fun that this happened to get, it also is gonna be such a kick in the dick for No, it really is. Like I, I have been very lucky to get to meet a lot of the, the people we talk about and I am gonna be fucking heartbroken for somebody and it's, I really don't want to go through it, but it's, I think that's the honest answer is like, yeah, it's gonna be miserable for somebody and I don't want to deal with that, but we'll have to, we'll cross that bridge when we get there, but it's gonna be, it's Honorable answer.


Miserable. It's an honorable answer. I I, I really can't say enough good things about both the players and, and coaches and media people that we've gotten to work with over the last couple years and it's gonna be fucking brutal. And I want all of them to know that I, it's a genuine answer. Yeah. I mean it's championship organizations for sure. Yeah, both of 'em, both of 'em don't get here without being fully, you know, having the full arsenal of people doing it the right way. I do remember when we started this and we were working with the Eagles for the first time and I met one of the Eagles PR people and they were like, you're just gonna give Jason a microphone. And I was like, yeah. And they're like, and he's gonna fucking say whatever and I was like, yeah. And they were like, oh, good luck with that. Really? Yeah.


They were like, oh boy, you hope you guys can edit. That's, oh wow. Yeah, that was, this was like the easiest ask that I've ever had to ask like the chief's media. Like really? Yeah. Asking them If it was cool if I did catching Kelsey. Now that's a ask. Yeah. You wanna, you wanna do one, one more, Jason? Yeah. You know what they want to hear which one you wanna, you know what they want to hear. Alright, Let's hear. Let's hear the last one then. No. You know which one they want to hear. I don't Know which one they want to hear. I don't. I'll play it. I thought that was the one. I'll play it. I'll play it. Hey guys, this is Jenna longtime Swifty here and I need to know intern Brandon and Jeff.


Jake, how does it feel that you have gotten the hey fuck ass filter privileges? We know it's hard to get in there and you guys did it. So I need to know what was the experience like? How did it happen? Was it just a ball of chaos? Was it planned? Not planned, But yeah. You know what I mean? But yeah, let us know. Well, What Was The, what they, they signed the CBA, so let's see if they break it or not. The fuck ass filter It is the, The what filter I have learned about this recently. It is the the what filter? It's the, they have a name for like how the photos on that camera turnout is what I have learned.


And that was the photo that people have been tweeting. But I I'll say this about the suite. I'm so confused. I, yeah, I, you guys got, I got on and I'm on, I'm online. INI don't where what are you even saying? You're saying fo focus or You're saying the fuck ass Filter. Fuck ass filter. The fuck ass filter. What The fuck is that's Name? Yeah, what does it mean? They, that's the name they picked for Who's, they always, they don't just say a name. All right. They make it make sense. What is the, what make it make sense. Why is it that I don't, I I'm as confused as everybody else. It doesn't sound like you're anywhere near as confused as us. Yeah. The fuck ass filter is just how those photos turn out on that camera. Jake, if I'm wrong, let Me know what, what what camera? Taylor's camera Taylor.


Taylor has a camera. Who, who Alright, well since you understood the question, go ahead and answer it. I'll say this. I'll, I I will say this. Two things. One, nothing that we've ever done on the show is planned. Lemme make sure that's abundantly clear. Yeah. This has been nothing but winging it for about three years. So Jake and I ended up, where we ended up was a complete fucking last second Hail Mary of like, Hey, if there's any fucking room, we'll go. Like, you know, we'll go. And we were very lucky, Jake and I were talking, we got in Saturday, we're going Sunday, and we were like, Saturday, let's fucking keep it easy. Let's go have dinner, let's get like a drink and let's get the fuck to bed.


Sunday's a marathon. Gotta be on your best behavior. You're you're fucking, you're meeting everybody. We fucked that up so bad. We were out 12 hours the goddamn night on like Westport. That was a stupid idea. We were so not ready for the game on Sunday's. Good time Sunday. It was a great time. Gotta tell everybody was great time. You gotta tell everybody where you went in Westport. We Went to Char Bar and we went to c You didn't tell me you went Char Bar first. We went to Char Bar first. Char Bar first. Did you get some You get some barbecue? Oh, We got those burn ends. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. I like their Wings too. They got the big, they got the full wing. They don't split 'em, we didn't do the Wings. We got, we got like a barbecue platter and then the guy, I can't remember if he was the owner or not, was like, oh, you gotta go to this bar down the street first. And we were like, oh, let's fucking go there. Yeah, Kelly was on the corner, baby, Like six hours of, I don't know.


Jake, how are you feeling that next morning? It was not good. I couldn't, I had to, I had to mix in a couple more waters than I did. But it was an awesome weekend. I was very happy to be there. And I'll, I'll say it's about Jake and I, we were completely unprepared for the moment, but we went, we were in the suites. I will say this, Jake and I had no idea how to introduce ourselves. Like we forgot how to be people. We were like, do you fuck, do you, are we gonna shake hands with her? Are we gonna like, what does she know? We walked in the door and I'll give this away. She, she said our names immediately was like, oh my god, Brandon, Jake, finally we were floored.


Like we didn't see it coming. It was such a, she just shook us immediately with knowing our names and it just threw us and we floated on over to continue the conversation. And so that was a moment that I will sort of replay in my head for a while of like, She knows how to break the ice. She does. She broke. She's a pro. She's a pro at it. Yeah, she's a pro At it. She should probably read that. Jake and I were terrified. I got, she's like, I gotta, I'm sensing a lot of middle school dance energy from these two. So I'm just gonna go ahead and, and like thank you so much for being the adult here. I Jake, am I wrong? Am I wrong on the read of that situation? We were fucking it up bad. No, You're hilarious. You're right.


You also, you told me to, you know, wipe my nose a little bit before, like I had some head bats in the cave. Oh yeah. Care. I looked you dead in the eyes. And I was like, you gotta, you gotta clean up the face brother. We're going in the door. No. Hilarious. It was awesome. And Trav like, your friends are a good group of people to watch today. Good hang. Like, oh yeah, Good hang. It's A awesome welcoming group. And they were just like, I, for me and Brandon to be there, which was a, an incredible experience and it honestly was like the best football watching ex the past three years have been the best football watching experience of like my entire life. So I mean, I know that's not saying much as a 30-year-old Jets fan, but That's a, that's a Jets span.


That's not the bar's low, Honestly. Just incredibly grateful to have been there. It was awesome. Thank you guys. No man, it's fun. And you already know we keep the good ones around. You guys are every part of the, the friend group and we're, and that hang as as anybody. And yeah man, I, it was a, it was a blast enjoying the rest of that chaotic suite. Once I got up there after the game and after the, the field, the antics on the field afterwards, it was that that thing was rocking and it was nothing but good vibes, man. That was good. It was fun. Yeah. Appreciate you guys saying that about Tay. Of Course. No, one more thing. Can I do one more? Can I do one more? Yeah. And I, I did wanna wait to say this on the show, but you know, we had a long conversation with her, but she was very complimentary of the show and nice and of like, you know, oh, She listens every week.


She gave us some creative compliments and she like compli it, it it's shit that like, let me be very clear. You can't tell me shit for the rest of my fucking life. I'm gonna be very honest. Like, If you can't, you can't. I am gonna be obnoxious. I'm like, do you know who you're fucking talking to? I like, we're doing, we're doing performance reviews at work and me tell you something Right now, fucking I'm not listening to a goddamn thing. Fucking another Six Years get outta my face. So I will say that I was very appreciative of it and I, and I did want to like, make sure everybody, you know, Jake and I are very lucky that we get to kind of fuck around with you guys publicly. But there's a lot of people that do a lot of great work on this show. And like, those compliments are not just for us, they're for everybody.


Everyone. Yeah. So when somebody of that sort of like creative caliber pays you a compliment, you kind of like, oh fuck. And again, I'm gonna be a complete narcissist from here on out. And I, and I'm sorry to everybody who's around me for God dammit. Taylor. Yeah. Oh the fuck brother. It's done. It's over. You lost me. I was humble for only so long, Pete. No, it was, it was a lot of fun. Jake, I don't think, do you have anything? Do you wanna add? I Was just gonna say peek behind the curtain. Brandon's never been humble in his life. So not Much is changing. So business as usual. Business as usual. Business as usual. Business as usual. Business is usual. Business is usual. Yeah. Everything's The same. Yeah. You guys want to do this last voicemail? What's the last one? Hobby Ry. Oh God.


Wanna Visit You wanna revisit it? Yeah, let's go. Yeah, we All right. Let's do it. I I do wanna say this before we get in that one. The amount of people that came up to Jake and were like, oh, you're Jake. Way to throw your sister under the bus. Last week was staggering Every well talking about your sister's favorite hobby. That's hobby horses. Last week Jet stake absolutely blew up his sister spot when we were talking about hobby horsing and how I think it's absolutely ridiculous and Jane sides with me on that. So we had her call in with a rebuttal and here it's What up brothers? It's the sister. What's up sister?


The exact, and I think I just need to set the record straight. You call it hobby horsing. The real horse girls call it Horseless and I was horse. What? I was not playing horseless in high school. Honestly, don't really even Think it was middle school. So let's stick to elementary school please. And if Jake's gonna try and embarrass me, I just think you should also know, oh, he couldn't make it off the JV tennis team in high school. Wow. Twice. Wow. What savage? Jesus. You couldn't make it off the JV tennis team. That is, Do we not have a backhand with a It's not That hard, Jake.


I was varsity. Come on. What are we doing? How many kids even played tennis at your school? Was the court big enough? Jake? Jesus couldn't keep it in. There's Like mixed doubles. Jake, like what are we doing? First Off, did we pick tennis and not have good lateral movement? You had to like run a mile under 10 minutes. Couldn't do that Also. 10 minutes Tip Jake. 10 minutes. Slow as shit. Also, I Like Jake, you can walk a mile in 10 minutes. Jake. You could like, you could. I just made it worse for myself. All right. But that's fair. All but we're family. All right. My sister can shit on me all where she wants. She's the best's.


So good horseless though. You can't go six miles an hour for one mile. That's crazy. That's a crazy way to put it. Jake. We gotta Work on this. We gotta work On this. I'm working on, Got Personal fitness. I'm working on my personal fitness. All right. It's 2025. It's a new year, But yeah, no high school me a minute mile high school. Me couldn't do the 10 minute mile. Yeah, it was bad. So Bad. It's bad, bad. But JV name, I, he was fun JV captain. Three years didn't, didn't make it off the team. JV captain. I don't Know. Hilarious. Did you, Did you put that On a jacket? Were you like, oh Man, what do we do to Jake? I don't think he's ever gonna be good enough to make varsity. Just make him the captain of the jv.


Just Captain. He's gonna embrace it then. Yeah. J is so good. That's On JI was a leader, right? I was a leader. Yeah. We could put you on varsity, but we need those leadership skills on jv. You gotta show these kids how it's Done. I don't know what's more impressive. We need Some good mentoring. It's Mentoring what, What she call it? It's not, she said it's not hobby horse. What she called It, called it, she called it horseless. Like horseback riding without a horse. No, it's, it's, she's Incorrect. Oh, that's so worse. It's So We're not letting that go. No, It's not even better. No, It is better that it was like elementary school though. I'll give her that. Okay. Yeah, she also, If you lied, She's lying.


I can see it being a kid's thing. I still She's lying. No, she's lying, sore. Accusing your sister of lying. How long did she do it for? I, alright, I'll give her probably not high school, but like I was in high school, so she was in middle school. Middle school. We'll split the difference. All right. She's calling back in with more shit next week. All right. She's Probably ignoring me for the rest of her life. I don't know what's more embarrassing. Middle school hobby horsing or var jv, captain of the tennis team for three years. Could, could she have run a mile with the hobby horse or like in less than 10 minutes? Oh, Guaranteed. She Guaranteed, right? Yeah, She was quick. Why did you keep playing tennis?


Why didn't you just stop? I think he stopped after three years And did stop. I did stop after three years. You stopped your senior Year. I'm not gonna be a senior on jv. That would've been so You were captain. That would be embarrassing. You were Captain JV team your freshman year. I, I don't know. I might've made up the captain thing entirely if we're being honest. I make up a lot. I make up a lot of shit whenever I get put in front of the camera. I don't know how to speak. Oh my gosh, that's so good. Shit. That's so good. All right. All right. Well That's an episode. Jake, Brandon, thank you guys for showing up in Arrowhead and thank you guys for answering some not dumb questions.


And that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. Oh yeah, baby. Now This is taxes.


Alright, that wraps up this episode of New Heights. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. I bought it, man. Once again, new Heights is a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Let's Go Sports Bar. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for funk clips throughout the week. And thank you to our production and crew. You guys are the absolute best and we're going to the Super Bowl. Ladies. Yeah, baby. Thank you to the 92 Percenters for tuning in. We'll see you down in Orleans, baby.


Who? You do it. I gotta figure out what are the three, what are the, what are the harmonies in this? Let's figure this out. God damn. Well, let's do it afterwards. Let's do it afterwards. Let's do it afterwards. Let's do it afterwards. We just, we caught a good, we caught a good rhythm. We caught a good rhythm. Get outta the phone. Are You go high? I go low. Do do I go higher? That sucked. Sucked. Gotta go higher. I gotta go higher.


I gotta go high. Do I? There It's, we got it. I think we did have it there for a second. We can do it in person. It'll be better. It'll be better. It's, you can't do it when it's, when there's a lag. Do you believe in Love after Love? I mean, this is like what I feel Right now. This is, I mean, it's like the song was written for Jason Kelsey. If the Eagles ever played, the Chiefs in his brother and I had to choose no Matter how Hard I try. You keep pushing me. Oh yeah. This is for Jason Kelsey right here. Oh My God, that's so fucking good.


Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


All righty.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. The start of a new year is all about starting new rituals. And whatever you do come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. They've got flavors we love, like sugar free raspberry lemonade. Mm, Raspberry lemonade Liquid IV will keep you staying hydrated during those long winter days. Whether you're enjoying the outdoors or maybe you're having a little too much fun watching your team in the playoffs. And we love how easy it is to make just one stick with 16 ounces of water. And you're hydrating better than water alone. It has eight essential vitamins and nutrients. Always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, soy-free. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights at checkout. That's 20% of your first order off when you shop Better Hydration today. Using promo code new Heights at liquid iv.com.