
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


Okay, check this Deli boys on Hulu. Two brothers, Raj and Mir are living the high life, not a care in the world. When they're old man dies, it all vanishes. Poof. And they find out he didn't just own a deli, but was a drug kingpin. And they're like, what? The throw in their ruthless ant. Some guys who just want to kill them, God knows why. And keeping dad's drug business going, sounds amazing, right? Deli Boys is now streaming on Hulu.


The stench of sweaty uniforms in a football team's locker room can be unbearable. But Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand Hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH Power Technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Arm and Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and orders. Put Armand Hammer Deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer. Deep Clean today. Available in store or online at major retailers nationwide.


Let's go, dude. God damnit. You're about to fucking throw rock. I know you're rock. Paper stick. Shoot. I thought it was. I like these s You're throwing rock now. You're gonna throw rock, rock paper Sta. Shoot. I can't get him. I can't get, I can't get fuck. Hey, Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen of Onery Show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Audible. Hey, How about it? Shout out to Audible. Gotta love listening. Jason, you gotta listen. Yeah. We are your host. I'm Travis Kel. This is Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio, Cincinnati Bearcat alum.


If you didn't know, shout out to the Bearcats. We're recording this together in Los Angeles. Yeah, we are West Coast baby. Mm. Subscribe on YouTube one three plus wherever you get your podcasts. And Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s to follow with fun clips throughout the week. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up. We're back with another incredible episode for you guys. We're gonna get to the Big Yeti signing up for year 13. Let's fucking go. Of course, we're gonna talk about some of the news coming out of the combine this past week. Some of these rookies coming into the NFL trying to take everybody's jobs. And we're also gonna get very specific LA food reviews. Don't worry, I'll make sure my microphone will away from my mouth while I'm chewing.


I got those notes last time, guys. Thanks for that. Anyways, before we get to any of that, we're gonna get to a little bit of that. Not Right now. New news.


New news coming in. Hot New News is brought to you by American Express. Ooh, that's right. You can take that Amex and by Audible books. Right? With Bull. I mean, they're synonymous. They both working in and hand. This is, you See how we pair these, these ads up, baby? Make it easy for you guys.


All right, Travis, we have a playing update or you have a playing update. Yeah. It has since been announced that you are playing another season. It is, Yes. And I did wanna say a year ago I announced my retirement. So we have to address the huge news that you are coming back this year. Is it because you've seen me in retirement? You're like, fuck that. No, I actually, I I think you've, you've handled it perfectly, Jason. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Travis. I think you've, you've thrived outside of missing an Eagle Super Bowl. I think you've absolutely killed it, dude. You fucking did. Yeah. Well, that's Well Done. That's the only way I can have fun with it. Yeah. No, but I, I do think you have absolutely killed it in retirement.


That didn't persuade me in any way. Yeah. So Let's speak to why are you playing another season? Why are you going to go out there risk injury, whoa, and make less money than you could make not playing football? Why are you doing this That Well, that was kind of the one I had to juggle right there. I think the, the biggest thing is that I fucking love playing the game of football. That's A good Reason. I, I love playing. I still feel like I could play it at a high level and possibly at a higher level than I did last year. I don't Think it was my best outing. You know, I think I let my guys down in a lot more moments than I, than I helped them. Especially If you look at my track record and how I've been in years past. Oh, no, that's true. I just, You know, I, I want to give it a good run.


I got a bad taste in my mouth on how I ended the year and, and how well I was playing and you know, how accountable I was for the people around me. And I love so many people in Kansas City, both in that facility, in the community, and it, it's home for me now. And, You know, I don't, I don't want to leave that life yet. I put in a lot of, a lot of hard work and I put in a lot of, you know, focus into, into being the best that I can for KC and last year it just, it didn't end well for us. And I just, I feel like there's a responsibility in me to, to play out the contract that I initially signed to give Kansas City and the Chiefs organization everything that I got.


And, and that's what I'm gonna do, man. Awesome. Well, I think I hear what you're saying. I think, you know, it's hard losing a strip bowl and you, you feel like there's so many things you could have done better or whatnot, and you kind of referenced that. Like you could have been whatever. I think don't lose sight of the big reason that you guys are there is 'cause of who you are. You know what I mean? And I think sometimes you lose sight of that when you don't maximize the, you know, the, the end goal, which is winning the Super Bowl. So I know you're gonna be dedicated like you always are. It keeps getting harder though. What, what's your plan? What, first of all, what was your decision making process? How does Travis Kelce go about making big life decisions? Well, it's similar to all the other decisions I make, and it is just off a feel.


I don't really, I don't, you are a big, I'm not a, I I relish that about you so much. I'm not a big like, measure the pros and cons I know and all that. I, I just go off a feel and I just pure gut, a pure gut feeling. And I, I fucking love this game, man. Yeah. And not only that, I love going into the building with the guys that are there. Yeah. You know, coach Reed has been one of the big biggest influences on my life, not just in the game of football. And, You know, I don't want to, I don't wanna stop going to work with him. Yeah. I don't wanna stop learning from him. I don't wanna stop, you know, being the reason why he has success or being a part of the reason he has success. You know, I like to ha I want that guy to have the most success in the world because of who he is been to my my life.


And that's the same with Pat. That's the same with, you know, guys like Brett Veach and, and Mark Donovan and Coach Spas, and you know, Tom Melvin. You know, I, there's so many people in that building. There's a lot of good names to me. You know, You know David Glover, there's so many people in that building that I love with all my heart, man. And I just, I, I want to keep living, living out those dreams and, and going to work with them. And yeah, I never, I never once kind of second guessed it. It was always in the back of my mind. Even, even when it got tough last year on the body or when it got tough after the Super Bowl and, you know, you're at your all time low. Yeah. It's just, there's, there's something in a motivating factor that, you know, you can do this and, and, and you want to do this.


And I just, You know, I, I pulled the trigger as soon as I, as soon as I knew that, You know, I had that feeling. Yeah. And I think you, you knew the whole time. I, I felt like even when I was, would talk to you, and we didn't really talk pointedly about this, you never asked my advice on this, which I asked your advice. So I feel a little hurt that you didn't ask my advice. You Didn't take my advice, But that's fine. Alright. I felt like you always, you, you wanted to come back. It felt like that from the moment after the game. It felt like that two a week after two weeks. And I was like, ah, he's gonna play again. He's not ready to stop. So yeah, I think it's the right decision. And the, you talk about feel, I brought this up on Chuck's podcast, but there's one thing that I very much like, I feel like whenever I make a decision or I'm like, big time deals, You call Charles Barkley Chuck.


Now, Is that not what everybody Calls him? That's a surreal moment. I'm just saying Everybody not called Charles Chuck, I Mean it. No, I literally told everyone my name was Charles because it was his name's Charles Barkley. Yeah. That's pretty cool though. That was pretty full. That's just a full circle moment. Keep going. Can tell my story. Keep my bad, my bad. I'm on Charles and Ernie's podcast. Shout out to the steam room. I forget how we got on the topic, but I start talking about like, a lot of times, like when I'm trying to make a big decision, I like really overanalyze things and I think way too hard about this thing and that thing and this thing and, and I'll call you and you have this really good way of not worrying about all these little meaningless dumb fucking things that I'm worried about big kind of means something or these what could be or what ifs.


It's like, no, just what do you wanna do? Do you wanna play football or not? Do you wanna do this or not? Like, and I think they have nine times outta 10, it's like great advice for me to get outta my own head. And it's helped me before. So I don't know why I'm bringing it up. I just always, well, I mean there's, There's, I'm jealous of that. There's some, there's some, there's Some, I'm jealous that you don't think about things in, in a way that makes you, what's the word? Bogged down. I hear you, Man. Indecisive. I hear you. And don't get it twisted. There's always like that indecisiveness. For sure. Yeah. Like, in my mind, I think I can be a better player than I was last year. Yeah. I mean, I feel like when you're, and Then there's times Every, every great player always feels that way. And So it's like every, And you just, you, but you just think about it more now because of the way the season went.


Yeah. So I think there's a lot of other things that compound on that, but how big of a factor was losing a Super Bowl in the Decision? It was probably the biggest factor. If You would've won, would you have come back for another season? I mean, it's a pretty cool way to go out, but I still, I, I think I would still have this love for the game and I kind of feeling and yeah, If You wanna play, you wanna play. Yeah. I think Shouldn't make that be a factor. I think I would've thought about it more. Sure. If we would've won. I think because we lost and how we lost feeling Going out on top is nice. Yeah. It's Not how I did it. I went out crying on the fucking field because I saw Jeff Stalin and, and was like, man, this might be the last time I ever see him.


Don't do that. See him every week. Yeah. But it's different. Alright, I got you. Shout Out Jeff, 100% the, the ending of that game. I feel like I owe the guys that I come into that building with a whole lot more effort and focus and I, I just don't know what it was during that game, man. I, I wasn't at my best. And the more that I see clips or watch the film and, you know, put myself back into those moments, man, I'm just like, what? I've seen the clips too. What the fuck? I think I just, I think it's just don't Overanalyze it trv, I think No, you have to overanalyze. That's the only way you, that's the only way you find, you know, at least that's one of the ways I find motivation You about your chain of not overanalyzing, but that's, That's, So don't overanalyze It.


But that's how I find motivation. I got, that's how I create the beast. That's how I flip the switch and All I'm saying people put like the clip up where like Pat's scrambling around and you're just standing there, right. And then he runs and then you guy hits him. Yeah. That's Nine times outta 10. Everybody else in that situation is gonna be standing there too. And I know that that's not acceptable. It's not. And like when I watch myself do that, there's nothing acceptable. I would watch myself. Sometimes the quarterback gets sacked and you watch it on tape and you're like, Hey, you fucking idiot. Go over there and help the fucking guy up. Or like, why are you just walking away from your running back? Help the running back up as a good teammate. You think about things like that. I hear you man. If you ask anybody in that locker room, If you give good effort and who's, who's a good teammate and all that show, you're gonna get a much different answer anyways. Do you have extra motivation this year going into the season?


I mean Yes. Yes and no. I've been in, unfortunately, I've been in a situation where I didn't play my best in the final game and the biggest game of my life. And speaking about Tampa and Yeah, I know, I know. Playing the Super Bowl and I think, you know, you try and make it everything and I just, you don't find the love of the game doing that. And I feel like I play my best when I, when I'm out there playing it for the right reasons. Sure. You know, can it be motivation in the offseason to, to, you know, go out and get a few extra reps, go out and run that extra mile, go out and, you know, get a few more catches on the jugs, go out and, you know, work a little bit harder, watch some extra film, really analyze what you're showing the opponent, really analyze, you know, how you're running your routes so that guys can't get a tick on, on what route you're running.


All of that can help get you where you are, but you can't go into it like this mad human being that is just Like, I don't know, has this built up animosity about, you know, the world and how it didn't go their way. And like, I need to this, I'll only be satisfied If it goes my way because You know, I, after Tampa, it didn't go my way. Sure. I didn't even make it back to the Super Bowl that next year. Right. So there's, there's ways to, to go out there and motivate yourself to be better than you were yesterday. Get extra reps. Really put everything you have into your preparation. But at the end of the day, man, I'm, I play my best when I go out there and I have fun, man.


Yeah. And I agree. I don't, I don't play my best when I go out there and I'm just pissed off at the world and I'm trying to be, be the bully because I'm playing against guys that act like the bullies. So How do you have fun? You go out there and you, you go to work and you and you build that chemistry with the guys around you. Yeah. And I think we got a young fun team. We're gonna give my guy Rashi writes back, we're gonna get hopefully the wide receiver room that we, you know, accumulated once Rashid went down. Hopefully you get my guy Kareem hunt back. I fucking love that guy. Yeah. I wanna win one for that guy so bad. You know, I I I just know that guys like Pat Mahomes and guys that we have on the defensive side, like Chris Jones and, and, and George Carl Loftus and, and Trent McDuffy, they all know how to have fun doing it while being professional.


And that's such a unique situation to have when you can get both done, be successful, but do it in such a fun way that it makes it more enjoyable than you could possibly imagine. Man, that's such a unique atmosphere and a unique like building to be in. And I just, I know that and 'cause I've been on teams where it hasn't been that and it's just I want to, I want to keep enjoying those moments and keep building what we have in Kansas City with those guys. Did You talk to Andy, anybody? Like is there anything else you wanna talk about in terms of deciding to play again? Like what do you guys think you need to do to get back to the mountaintop next year? I mean, we gotta we gotta get, we have to, we gotta get some pieces.


I think 100% this offseason we're stuck kind of trying to juggle some contract negotiations and losing some key pieces and that, I mean, that hurts. You know, we got a lot of guys that we rely on big time. We've relied on big time in the past that have helped us win Super Bowls that are in contract negotiations and it's just like's Tre Smith just got franchised. Yeah. And You know, I know they're working on a long term deal to try and keep Rey because A lot of times they just do that. He's, he's unbelievable to Prevent him going to free agency so they can still keep negotiating. Exactly. But yeah, and I'm hoping that they can sign something that, you know, Trey appreciates and that the chiefs can, you know, still go out and get other pieces knowing that we need more, more guys like Trey Smith, you know, guys that are dedicated to craft their craft.


I've said for a long time, he's one of my favorite guys to watch play. Exactly. He's one of my favorite guys to play with. Yeah. He Is the mentality that he takes to the field. Oh yeah. I know. I've always trusted Brett Veach and the front office and the coaches to, to bring in the right guys. Not, and not only just the, the guys that, you know, have the skillset and the athleticism and the, and the competitive edge, but do it in a fun way. Like we've brought in guys before, you know, like the to that can add to the chemistry of, of, of how, you know, the weeks go, the routines go. And try not to make it like, like we're coming into work. Like we're, we're excited about what we're doing and we're excited about the challenges ahead.


Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, they know how to build it. Yeah. They know what They're going. Exactly. And you guys had, I mean, come on now, you guys, I mean, blocking kicks to end games. The chemistry was There. Yeah. So Kansas City baby, we're back at it for at least one more year. I can't say whether or not this is gonna be the last year because I still love a lot of, of what I do for the city of Kansas City and, and the chiefs organization. So I know I got one on my contract and I'm gonna give you guys everything I got baby that does it for new news brought to you by American Express. Thanks guys. Go ahead and buy some Audible on


it. Thanks to our partner SUA Men. What can you really get for $3 these days? Think about it. $3 might get you a soda or some gum. Yeah, sure. Fresh breath is nice, but that gum's gonna lose its flavor. Well, we've got good news. Suave men has new men's deodorant. Oh nice. That keeps you fresh through double workouts, crazy days, whatever life throws at you all for just three bucks. No crazy priced beard oil or eyebrow cream. Just quality that straight up works. We're not talking basic sense here. Suave men, new deodorants have sense, like ocean charge, active sport and stress relief. Oh, I need some of that. They've Got you covered for 48 hours of sweat protection with legit fragrances that smell amazing. Smelling Good all day for just $3 is a game changer these days. You can barely get anything for that price. Very true. So While I drop more cash, when $3 gets you exactly what you need, cut The bullshit out of your routine. Alright. Cut it out. With new Suave men deodorants, they're available at retailers and nationwide


Thanks to our sponsor. AUDIBLE. Hey, Let Audible expand your life by listening. That's right. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive Audible originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Whether You're breaking free from old patterns or building better ones, Audible puts wisdom in your ears. Just open the app and dive in with thousands of titles covering every goal and interest. Your next listen is at your fingertips. Like the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins or 10% Happier Ooh By Dan Harris. I'll take 10% happier. I'll Take 10. I I'll take a thousand percent happier. I'm gonna one up Dan Harris. Yeah, I'm actually, I'm gonna tenfold I'm gonna go 10,000. I'm gonna, I'm gonna a hundred times. I'm gonna 1000000% happier. Yeah, yeah. Get advice and insight from leading professionals and experts on health, relationships, career finance, investing so much more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you listen. Start Listening today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash New Heights.


All righty.


No matter what kind of travel you are, the American Express Platinum Card offers a range of benefits designed to enhance your journey. Jason, is there anywhere in the world that you're trying to travel so soon? I mean, I would, I want to go so many places. Ooh. Name one. Anywhere in Europe. Europe. Anywhere in Europe, yeah. Europe, Italy. Gosh, you're so Spain. Ridiculous. Croatia. Well, You know, our family left Europe, Portugal for a good reason. Ireland, London, Germany, France. All right, we get it. I probably go to Japan too. Well now you can enjoy exclusive access to Centurion Lounge at airports worldwide. And when you book fine hotels and resorts through Amex Travel, you receive complimentary breakfast for two. Nice. Yes. And guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout plus Global dining access by resi. You'll have the ability to secure reservations at some of the finest dining establishments around the globe when you add your platinum card to your resi profile. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For Full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


Let's move on to some bold topics. NFL Combine. That's right. The annual combine held in Indianapolis, wrapped up this weekend. Did you watch it at all? No. Yeah, I didn't. I'm not gonna lie, I usually like to watch it. Especially the O line guys. I've zero dark 30 I, I watched highlights and watched it through Twitter. I I saw a little bit of the tight end workout. That's about it though. Did Yeah. Who was, there was a nice one hand, very surprised there who was the tight end that had the, like caught one. I Think it was the tight end judging by his stature and complexion. He caught a ball with one hand and then he ended up having two balls in his hand at one point. That might have been a clip from a different year, Jason. Oh, Okay. So anyways, I was, I'm not gonna lie, I was so surprised by this tight end group's 40 yard dash.


It is fun looking up the times I, they didn't have anybody under a four six. And typically, I mean, you'll usually find a, a lot of blocking Tight ends. Yeah. I mean The game's moving to more ground and pound. It is, it is. Especially with this fucking running back class. They got everybody. They were, they were running, they were moving. Running backs weren't going slow. Yeah. Neither were the dbs. Yeah. I think there were a few top tight ends that didn't elect to run, But Yeah. Yeah. Either way there's still some, some studs out there. Know the Penn State kid's. Good. Jason Taylor's son. Mason Taylor. LSU kid. He is good. Nice, nice. The lovely kid up in Michigan. There's, there's, there's still some talent out there.


Awesome. In the tight end world. But yeah, I was definitely my, it was kind of like eye-opening. There was no four or five guys. Typically you get at least 1, 4, 4 guy in there that they, they like the label of H back. Yeah. Meaning he's shorter. Yeah. Yeah. Short, kind of quicker. What are you looking at in these guys either on tape in college or in at the combine that is like, oh, there's some talented guys. I think over the course of the, you know, over the course of the year watching the Penn State team and the playoffs watching the Michigan team over the last like two, three years, Loveland's been pretty solid. He, he shows up for him. But, But what makes, what about like, is there something when you're watching?


Well, There's a play to be made. They make it. Yeah. Is there something when you're watching where's like he does one thing where you're like, oh, okay. Yeah, that guy's got it. Yeah. Make the big catch. Their catch radius is always a huge factor. How they catch it factor. Yeah. Like when it hits their hands it sticks. Yeah. Is it like fighting the ball? Yeah. I think Does It like bounce off of Their hands when the, when when you get a guy with the ball in his hands and he feels confident with what he is doing. Like the kid from Penn State, I don't, I forget his name. Somebody can look it up for me. Yeah. Tyler Warren. Tyler Warren. When he catches the ball for rocks 44, you know what he's doing when he catches the ball, he's running right through. Yeah. He's not, he's not, there's no juking Happen. You know what I mean? But he has a little bit of, you know what I mean? Oh, he does. Yeah. He is got a little bit of it.


He's got at least he's making a, he's making a defender, make a decision. Nice. You know, and he's, he's playing off of him or he's like being the aggressor. Yeah. Like a guy like Gronk does. And it's just like you see a guy or a guy like George Kittle where you see a guy when he catches the ball, he knows he's getting north. Yeah. And he's either running through whoever's in the way or he's finding a way to make him miss. Sure. And that usually gets me fired up. Mason is just the, the Mason Taylor kid. Jason Taylor's, I believe it's his son. Yeah. Just a fluent athlete. And he is not even 21. It was Jason Taylor's son. Yeah. Yeah. Right now he's not even 21 yet. He's Not. No. So I'm like, this guy had a good amount of success at lsu, played in the SEC and then on top of that fluent athlete, he's only gonna get better as he gets older.


Yeah. He's only gonna develop more strength and more athleticism as he get older. Yeah. So, yeah. What do you got for centers? What tells you? Well, just Often line in general, I feel like, Well he gets the, he gets the ball to the quarterback. That's least thing I'm worried about. We can fix that. Trust me. Been there. Fix those snap issues. Least of my concerns. No, I like just watching the way guys move, how they use their hands. Like al I I just feel like you watch guys play and you can tell if you've watched enough guys play and enough teammates who has good core strength, who moves their feet Well, who is always in balance. Yeah.


Like balance is a big one for me into lineman. Come on man. When I see guys that are out of balance, I'm like okay, he's gonna get torched torch. Yeah. ER's gonna get up under that guy. Well He's gonna get off balance and then there it is gonna get like judo thrown or like, it's like, I think and I've been, hey been there too. Not randomly. I just like watching the way guys move. That's why I do actually think watching the combine, I kind of always like watching it even though I didn't do it this year. Because I do think that there is stuff to gain by watching how guys move. I really do. I think that, You know, I, Jason Peter's just retired, right? 21 years baby Dude. And now he's working for the Seahawks. Come home, Jason, come home to Philadelphia. Yeah. Well you Gotta get Jeff and He's doing fine.


Stay in Seattle. You're doing alright. Wherever, wherever you're happy. Jy. But he was never outta balance. I would watch that guy play, he would jump and he was just always anatomically in the right position to redirect on top of being enormous and a freak athlete. But there's just, sometimes you watch guys and they're like always on their own steps or their feet are in a certain way or they're bending properly. They utilize their hands a certain way and it makes you just like, oh yeah, I, I like what I see outta that. And then you'll watch other guys. And even if they're like higher rated guys and it's like, hmm. Like I, I like this about him. But like his feet aren't necessarily the fastest or like, you know, he's super quick but he just gets engulfed sometimes with power 'cause it doesn't look like he has good core strength.


Mm. So I'll, I'll, I'll, I love watching all of that stuff either on tape or even at something like a combine. Like if I just watch a guy change direction quickly and they have good size and strength, usually they can translate to, they pan off be good offensive linemen. You hear that boys balance? Balance. You have To be balanced, balance and body control. It's Jeff St. Stalin favorite right there. Not Right now. He's got some big old boys that can balance themselves. It helps when you're six nine, three hundred and seventy five pounds chew a mulatto. He's like, man, can you believe he taught that rugby guy how to play football? Oh yeah. Well he was six nine and a freak athlete, but he's also 371 pounds with, you know, 18% body fat.


So yeah. I can believe he's good at football. But still shout out to Jeff Stalin. Yeah. And Jordan. Yeah. And Jordan. And definitely shout out to Jordan. See, I actually love watching guys run their 40. I think you can watch a lot about a way a guy runs and be like, that guy's not athletic. I really do think sometimes you just watch a guy run a 40. I'm like, yeah, not interested DK maff, No question. That is one, that is one that blows my theory out the water. That guy looked like he was fighting the turf every step of the way, Moving angry At that fucking ground moving. And it's like, okay, he still panned out, but you watch some of these guys run and you're like, man, I don't Like, I don't like the way that looks.


And nine times outta 10. It's right though. Like when a guy's hunched over running, it's like, dude, I'm hunched over when I run. No, not when you're not when you're cruising. What? No. Yeah. Not hunched over like that. Phase three. I'm staying in control right here. Balance. Yeah. No, no, it's different. I don't wanna say names. So we did have an idea here from our production team, events they should add at the combine. What do you think? Anything, first of all, anything serious that you think would actually be good to Add? Dude, I immediately went to like, could they like chew gum and like jump rope? Like, I don't know, Do two things at once.


Do things at once. Yeah. A little Rub. Can You, can you juggle and walk or Pat your head and rub your tummy or whatever it is. Yeah. No, I mean that was a decent try. I mean, I could do it, I just did it. I do think innocuous things. I, I do like giving a guy a kid. Like for a while I was like, we should be having these top 30 guys come in play pickleball. And I can just tell whether they want are competitive. Did You want everybody to They goodes and fucking Well that's the thing. Yeah. Blow a knee out. Yeah, that's a good point. That's why they don't do it. Yeah. But I think you can tell like about like competitiveness. I mean Nick Siri very famously played little embo. Ooh. Right. I think it's, it's not bad. I think there's better things to figure out.


Does he have any data on that? Like do like, if a guy goes rock immediately, is he not He doesn't think very fast. Yeah. It's Like stupid. Didn't even move his hand. This guy's not into it. Let's go dude. God dammit. You're about to fucking throw rock. I know you're rock paper sta shoot. I thought I like these gans. You're throwing rock now you're gonna throw rock, rock paper sta shoot. I can't get 'em. I can't get 'em. I can't get 'em. Fuck. I do like little stupid things like that and seeing how they think about things or I was process, I was thinking in my head, I'm like, There's a story that we're gonna talk about in a second that Like, we don't need, we don't need the IQ test. I just want to know what you're searching on your phone.


I always, that tells me everything. Show me your, show me your web searches. Your web Searches. Yeah. You would learn a lot about a guy. Yeah. Show me your search history. Yeah. I'm not giving that up to anybody That tells me everything I need to know. This guy's watched over a thousand hoof cleaning videos on Instagram. Dude, they're so addicting. They're so addicting, man. I dunno if this is good or bad. Yeah, he's dedicated, dedicated to that Class. He, he's, he's locked in. He's he's, he's into farming. He's into, he cares about the animals. Yeah. Yeah. It's got, ah, it seems a little bit too simple to me.


I mean, how many times are you gonna watch a guy scrape a hoof off and stuff it with powder and pack it and wrap it And then every single time? Yeah. I don't think I've passed it up once on my algorithm. All right. Some suggestions from the production team. How many Uncrustables can a kid eat? What, what would you gain from that one? Whether they like Uncrustables. Yeah. Do they have diabetes? If they don't like Uncrustables, I don't know. That affects their ability to play football, but it does affect their ability to be like a trustable human being if they don't like 'em. Yeah. I don't trust somebody that doesn't like an uncrustable. Yeah. Once they get stale and they can get tough. Well yeah, obviously This to be a fresh Boy, obviously. Yes. We're we're talking about peak uncrustable.


Mm. Fresh. So about that white bread that they use. Alright, There's your free advertising uncrustable Timing for how fast you can delete tweets. I mean, I think they're supposed to be funny. How long? No. Take it down. Take it down. How long can you speak? How long can you speak without actually saying anything? I think we would win that. We'd do well on that. What? Nothing. iPhone screen time. That's what made me think of what your search history is. Yep. You don't necessarily need to know how long You're On the phone. I, I wanna know. I would, I don't wanna know how long you're on the phone. I want to know what you're on the phone for.


Yeah. Simon says is interesting. Simon says, what would you gain from Simon says, it's just, I mean, it's just a pure power move. Right? I like doing this weird like Simon says, the kid said like, what, what are your an what are your, you play along Okay then if you're bad at, it's like you, Simon Says it's kind of, yeah, you gotta lock In. This guy can't listen. You gotta lock in. This guy's not a good listener. Have you ever like watched like the Simon says championship, like I'm not This good. It goes real fast. Yeah. Is it, is it like an auctioneer? Yes it is. Quick. Put your hand on your hand. Put your hand on your belly. Put your hand on there. Simon says put it like Exactly like that. That'd be, that'd be electric. Yeah. We gotta get a clip of that.


I wanna see what that seems like. Red light, green light. Do we just do all little kid games? Simon says, put your hand in your belly. I ain't play this fucking stupid game. I like That guy. Gimme that guy. That's the right answer. Podcasting. I'll ask you deliver an ad read or asking someone. I mean listen, if I'm being honest, if, if a kid's trying to podcast is a, I'm not signing. I don't, I couldn't even imagine doing this outside of, I do think my first like after my, Well that's where I am kind of being serious. I do think that rookies like you, you should, if I had a podcast as a rookie, rookie, it would be real bad.


Well your Twitter, not only would the content be bad and it'd been bad for me. Yeah, Yeah. Exactly. I don't know if that would've made it. No, I would've been a professional podcaster way earlier Way. Yeah. How good They're at trash talking. I actually really do like that one. Yeah. Find out what a guy says. You can learn a lot about the way you got trash talks. There's some guys that are just stone cold man. They don't fucking give you anything. I know. I respect that. That's what I'm saying. That's the type that, That's version Of trash talking stalk motherfuckers. Yeah. Men of little words. All right. Alright. We didn't gain anything from doing that. So we're gonna move on three big combine stories. Ooh, What? We got Colorado defensive back and wide receiver. Travis Hunter says he wants to play both ways officially.


That's right. Travis said. They say nobody has ever done it the way I do it, but I tell them I'm just different. I'm a different person. I wanna play 100% on both sides of the ball. But it's up to the organization. He actually didn't say, but it's on, on both sides of the ball. We put that in parentheses to, it was inferred. What do you think about that? Is this possible in the modern, It's, it's 100% possible. I mean, he's gonna have to prove this Branch. You Can do it. Nobody has ever played every single play on both sides. When Dion, yeah, when Dion did it, he would be like a third. He was in like nickel. He was in like certain packages I believe. Yeah. I could be wrong about that. I'm just kinda Throwing. So do you, you think he's talking about 100% play Corner Every single down And wide receiver?


That's that's what he's thinking? Yes. Wow. That's what he did at Colorado. Well I'm aware he did it at Colorado. That's what I'm saying. In the NFL, he'll have to guess. They'll have to scheme up around him getting too exhausted. Yeah. Like they'd really have to weigh that into their play calling both offensively and defensively like defensive. You can't just go man all the time and expect Travis to just run all around the field with Yeah. A guy like Tyreek Hill. Yeah. After he just scored a 98 yard touchdown. Yeah. As an offensive coordinator. I'm sending him on a go every play. And eventually like if you're playing offense and defense like yeah, we're Tying Travis up The wheels. Yeah. The wheels are gonna get at least a little worn out. Yeah, that's A great one.


Especially I haven't thought about that scheming the other team. Yeah. It's like, all right, we're on a run play run him off every time. Yeah, Exactly. Like get him moving a new guy in there. Yeah. And so you'd have to scheme him to be able to play cover two. And I just think, I think he's a better player when he's in man on on defense. I think he's, You think he's a better man corner than a better zone corner? I Just, no, he plays great off of like in his zones he can, he can float around and see a good feel. Yeah. He has a great feel of seeing routes. He's good at seeing concepts and jumping certain routes and things like that. So he plays well off I would say. I say off the ball, but he plays well in zone coverages. But I think man coverage entices QBs to throw it at him more.


Gotcha. Right. I just think when you get man to man coverage in the NFL, you're, you think, oh, if I got a good guy out there, I'm taking my matchup. Sure. Right. And I just think that that mentality, it can wear a guy out. And I'm not saying that he can't do it because I was blown away by what he could do in college in terms of like playing every single down. I'm Blown away at a smile. But yeah, I think, I think he's got a great Think it gets, I think it's smarter to find him if you're do if, if he is going to do that, I think it's smarter to, to scheme it up to where you know, you're not putting him in vulnerable position to get tired out faster. Got it. Alright. Well somebody who does think he can do it is Dion Sanders. Dion Sanders quote saying he's gonna do it or they shouldn't draft him.


Sanders store report is, I'm gonna make sure of it. Don't know. Okay. Don't draft him if you're not going to give him the opportunity to play on both sides of the ball. I think he's proven that he needs to play on both sides of the ball. I think he's gonna be really, I mean, yeah, well I guess we'll find out. I don't know. I think it's easier for him to be on the field all the time as a defensive player and then offensively coming in on certain plays. Yeah. I think that is so much easier. Like why have him run Well that the other way. Run the first second down branch shoot the other way he did it where he was on the field all the time as an offensive player and then, and they did packages on defensive stand. Yes. Yes. I think he could be more influential. What's the point in certain rundowns where you know it's run to have him on the field going in there scooping out a safety.


Like could he do it? Yeah. Could I get another guy to do that? Probably. Yeah. But there also, that's also gonna be your heavy play action. Take a shot down the field and maybe you want him out there for that. Yeah. Well good luck Travis. Yeah, I'm a big fan brother. You wanna come to kc? Play both sides. Hey, there we go. That's how you get 'em there. Yeah, we have like the, we're gonna pay you way less, but you can play both sides of the ball. We Have like the 40th pick, we'll probably not even sniff 'em. Yeah. Travis did say Travis Hunter. That is, did say that playing both ways is harder than what Shhe Tani does. Bold statement. Very bold statement. There's no way we could possibly fucking Well we know that physically playing both ways in football is much harder times.


Yeah. We know that. We do know that. We do know that hitting, hitting a baseball is probably the hardest thing in professional sports. I don't know what's more impressive. I mean, first of all, I guess show hay is more impressive 'cause he's actually doing it. He's not only actually doing it, but he's, he's proven that he can and the Land of make believe on one end the other guy's actually happening. So, and He's also proven that he can be literally the best at both. Sure. Like he was one of the top pitchers in the league when It's remarkable when you, when you really do Think about it. And then on top of that, he was hitting home runs and stealing bases. Yeah. Every year of his career. Yeah. I mean, Listen, playing both ways would be remarkable. Good luck, Travis. I can't wait to watch it happen.


If it does, I mean it would be electric. I can't wait to watch and see If it does happen. It'll definitely have. He's too good on both sides of the ball. He's proven it. Yeah, he's already proven. That's the, that's the beauty of playing. Do You think he's better on offense or defense? I haven't seen enough of it. What kind of receiver is he? Is he an outside receiver? Is he a guy that can play in the slot? Dude, He's a fucking all around athlete. Dude. Just whatever. You can put him anywhere on the football field. You can give him the, the, the reverses. You can do anything with him on the football Field. He didn't run. Right. So we don't have the time from the combine. No, but when you watch him run, you're like, yeah, Yeah, he's got it. You Can tell he's yeah. No one, One of those where's like, yeah, don't need a stopwatch on that. We Should probably throw him the ball. Some of those guys where you don't even need a time. You're like Him.


What's his 40? Don't know. Yep. But I know it's good enough. I've seen him run. I've seen him run. Like when you watch Jerry Rice run, You're like, he was a four seven guy. There's no way. I am a Thousand percent. I am. So I find it so hard to believe that he's outrunning DBS in the NFL. Just Shake. Just shake You get generous is 40 time. I'm not, Dude, I've looked it up. It's anywhere between a four four and four seven. I've heard four seven. There's no, I Don't know who's telling me, but I've heard I than 1 4 7. Where at the combine. What? Combine The NFL combine? No. He was like a D four player. I don't They were running, they weren't running at the combine back then either.


I Don't Think it was D three player. I don't think they were running, running at the combine when Jerry was coming out either. It was only medical bill. Wal said he ran a four six bill Walsh said that. Who the fuck is Bill Walsh? Shut the fuck up. So Bill's probably giving him a, a friendly time there too. Or he's saying a ridiculously slow time to show that just how great he was as a football player. There's only one way to solve this. We need to ask Jerry himself, Jerry the goat, can you please tell these Jamoke you were not a fucking four seven in the 40 Dodge. I Mean, what if he was, he's still the best receiver. What does it Matter, bro? I've seen, I know what four seven looks like. Jason, maybe He just was a notorious slow starter.


Maybe he just was a strider Dude. There's no way this dude was quick off the ball and he had a fucking great stride. Jerry Wasn't a burner, he was a freaking router. Why was he always behind the defense? Because They were terrified of the comeback and all the other stuff he was running underneath. And he would and then go right past them. True. He's a great route runner. He sold it all Ku. Yeah. Well you're not a great route runner unless they're terrified of you going deep and you have to have speed to do that. I'm just saying sometimes you're smooth and it all looks the Same. Dominic Goodman Dude didn't plan out in the NFL, but very good college. Shout out to Cole Rain Cincinnati. Last bit of combine news sources have told Pat McAfee show, shout out to Pat McAfee that se Markley has signed a massive two year extension with the Philadelphia Eagles.


Nice. 20.6 average per year. That's million in case you were wondering, I mean deserves every penny of that. Yep. 36 million guaranteed at signing I damn 15 million available in incentives. Ew Don, I wonder what those incentives are. I like that's that a lot of money and incentives don't Like I don't like that one bid. You mean actually have to play and earn it or does He, does he have to get a 2000 yard season every year? I'm, I'm betting that. Fuck. So yeah, I'm betting that a lot of these are max values with like the way I used to be structured with how I'd be like there'd be playoff incentives, super Bowl incentives, pro bowls all pros. And then with running backs usually you'll add in yards.


So you have to like rely on someone's vote to get your incentive. That's for Offense line. It's typically how it happens. It's pretty, pretty shitty. Damn. Yeah, no, that's fucked up. I mean I always hit mine so it always worked out man. It's because you podcast. Always podcast. That's right. That's why you should definitely start podcasting as a rookie. Yeah. I'm betting that a lot of these are just like kind of guaranteed ways of the Eagles to be like, Hey, we wanna pay you this money, but we need, you know, if if if injuries happen or something happens, We're not paying it The max value, but he's still getting broke off. I mean 36 million guaranteed at signing is, I mean that's damn good. That's, That's unbelievable money for a running back In today's NF Ls. And he deserved every, I mean he proved how valuable, not just how good he is the running back, but like his big play strike ability bro.


You could tell he's he was one of the leaders on that team Game. Oh that too. I mean just a great freaking dude And it probably frees up a bunch more space to sign other guys. This is typical Howie Roseman chess when everybody else is playing checkers. All right, great. Great delivery. I got nothing. Another Offseason news. Sticking with the Eagles. Everyone debating the tush push Green Bay Packers gm, Brian Brian has submitted a rule Gm Brian has submitted a rule proposal to ban the tush. Push quarterback sneak. I mean listen, I get it. I would wanna ban it too if we sucked at it. And it wasn't a mechanical advantage. I, the only issue I have that I take up with people is saying, people saying it's not a football play, it's rugby.


I don't know what's more of a football play. I really don't. What represents football? Physicality, toughness will, we're gonna fight for half for half a yard. You know what's coming. We know what's coming. We're just gonna bulldoze against each other. Like machine machines made of meat. Like I don't know what we're, it's like completely about football. Like this isn't, I think to some people football is like, oh look at this pretty pious concept designs like that's not fucking football. I Just don't understand. That's A different side. That is, this is what football has become. What's this is about pure physicality. What's the advantage for the offensive lineman? Because we know the snap count when it's coming and where we're going. Don't get me wrong, Jason's having fun with it.


But I just don't understand what the propo, like why I think, I Think one people wanna ban it. Stop it. People wanna ban it because one, there's some people have like a safety concern on the plane. They think that it's more dangerous. In my experience, it is not a, a play that has much of an increased chance of injury on it. Do guys get hurt on it? Sometimes? Yes. But so does every other play that you run in the NFL typically it's more of a grueling play. The plays where you get hurt are usually like these high impact collisions or somebody gets landed up on wrong or twisted and that just doesn't happen that much on that play because everybody just knows diving forward to try and get as low as possible and push for a yard.


Does it suck? Yeah. Is it a fun play to run? No. On the, I mean except when you get the first hour of a touchdown. But is there an increased chance of injury? I just haven't seen that in my experience with the play. Is there an increased chance of you being fatigued and like hating your life? Yeah, but it's worth it for a yard. And then the other thing is I think people just think it's an unfair play for the offense that they can push my argument to that is you guys can push too. It's not like you're just pushing on the offensive aside. Like you guys can hunker down in there and push and you know, mass accumulate mass Pass. I don't know. It doesn't feel like teams across the league are as good as the Eagles are at it.


So it feels weird to try and ban this play for an advantage that it seems like really just one team majorly has. Yeah. In my opinion. I mean They're not trying to ban the quarterback sneak, they're just trying to ban the, the way you guys have perfected it. Yeah. Like do we ban if it's an unfair advantage, like do we ban Seon Barkley from running with the football? 'cause that seems like an unfair advantage to me. You know what I mean? And that does it for the news. News. The news that we have. The last bit of news. And if any of you have any offseason questions, please leave us a question in the comments. Yeah, We'd love to answer 'em. Yeah. Or not answer 'em.


Don't really have much else to talk about. So now's your chance. Yeah, we're gonna be answering a lot of questions. Trying to make it big. Put On the comment dumber the Better. Yeah. That's about all I got. Alright.


Right now all my favorite friends out there. Has everyone tried what I am drinking Right now? I am accelerated. I've had about 10 of them. My taste buds couldn't be happier. My metabolism couldn't be happier. I want everyone to go try my favorite energy drink. My friends at ACCELERATOR love hooking you up. And this time you can get any case you want from Amazon for $5 off. Jason, tell them about the deal Right now through March 11th on Amazon. You can get any case for $5 off. How about that? Use code five off at checkout to get this deal stock up on the energy drink that uses 100% natural caffeine. Accelerate your metabolism without the sugar crash. Make sure you guys keep going to the ACCELERATOR store on Amazon. Looks like orange ice pop and a new variety pack, right? Yeah. Here maybe their next thing coming your way.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate First. Like, you know, to check the oil before road tripping through the desert. Yeah. Or Like, you know, to, you know, check if you're packed for your five hour flight that's coming up. Yeah. Like, you know, to check the best route before getting stuck in rush hour. We've all been there like, you know to Check the, you set the clocks forward for daylight savings time, and didn't miss your kids' basketball game. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds, maybe even thousands. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings Vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


Long Live Dogs. Mm, that's what they say over at the Farmer's Dog because they want all dogs to live a long, healthy life. Imagine Eating highly processed foods for every meal and expecting to stay healthy For humans, that would just not cut it, so why should it be? The stand for dogs and Dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. The Farmer's Dog helps your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight with personalized meal plans of freshly made food. They Calculate your dog's ideal daily calories based on their unique nutritional needs, and the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time. Ooh, the Farmer's Dog isn't fancy. It's simple. Real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's what I like to call a win-win. Give 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/new Heights, plus you get FREE shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/new Heights. You get 50% off as the farmer's dog.com/new Heights.


All Right, now the LA Food Court. Hmm, that's right. We're gonna do a little taste test for you guys. Oh, Gimme these calories. All right. LA Food Court is brought to you by UA Men. How about it? You got a little suave going Right now. You, You the suave. Take that hat off. You got the ua. I'm not doing that. All right. Maybe just a little. Yeah, look at that. How about That? Woo. Look at that hair. Gosh, Putting this thing back on. Can't believe you haven't started balding. What? Where're. Kelsey's. I'm balding Travis. I'm getting thin up there. Where? No, it's just a widow's peak. Not up top. You're good. No, it's Going thin right through. That's why you do it to the side. Yeah. I don't do anything. I just wake up. I don't do shit to my heart. All right, here we go.


We're doing a little food taste test for you guys. Moving on to a little new Heights Food court. We have a very special theme this week on the food court. We, we'll be trying Foods that we missed out on because we skipped Jet Jets. Jake's wedding. Jake, I can't wait to judge the food you had at your wedding. I know. Do you know how fired up I would be to go to a wedding? That's not What do you want? Chicken, steak or fish opportunity? You were invited. I don't remember getting the invite. It's on your fridge currently. Well, you, you know you're supposed to send that stuff to Emily. I did. That's right. We, we decided not to attend. Attend. Well, no, it was, it was in the fall. It was during football. We Couldn't go. Yeah, we still chose not to go, But, okay. Okay.


We were on, we were busy Jason. Sorry, Jake. All right. So we're told these are all LA Staples. We have heavy handed, which is a burger out here, A burger spot out here. We have Ted, which is a piece of spot out here, and we have tacos. 19 86, 19 86, which I would assume means they've been open since 1986. Yeah. What is that? That's not even like an impressive Yeah, Like they just started making tacos In 86 like that. I mean, I guess it's actually, it's close to 40 Years now. I mean, I can tell you Right now, I'm not trying the tacos. You, that's all you Jason. You're Not gonna try even try it. No, I'm not trying those. Why I'm looking at, I'm like, I'm not trying Travis.


Come on. It's Jake's wedding. We didn't go to the wedding. We at least gotta try the food Number one heavy handed burger and fries. All right. This feels weird. Eating a fry without ketchup. It is a smash burger. In case people are wondering, I can tell right away from looking at it, this Is probably the roughest way to ever do a food test. It's kind Of unfair. It has been sitting around a little bit. So heavy handed. We apologize for these ratings we're about to give you, I mean, cold fries. It's just so hard. I can't even rate this. Let's just go burger. Let's go burger. Out of all the cold fries you've had with you, I'll Say for cold fry, absolute horse shit, I, I'm just gonna be honest. There are certain fries that hold up well with age and this is not one of them.


No other fries that do not hold up well with age. McDonald's. McDonald's are great If you catch 'em right out of the fryer. That's what they remind me the Moment. They aren't hot. They're fucking terrible. It's layered with onions. I'm not eating this. Don't do a food. You can't have me test food that I'm not, I'm not gonna eat. Everyone knows my state, my, my criteria. I don't think everybody doesn't know your criteria. I don't. Everyone knows I don't eat onions. I Can tell you that. I don't know that everybody doesn't know. 'cause I don't know what your criteria is other than white sauces and onions. Those are the only two I Know. Well, there's onions on that one. So how is it Jason? It's absolutely delicious. Nice. There is definitely a heavy McDonald's Taste. Ooh, little Mickey D's. Mickey D's was out here in the West coast started out here.


A lot of people don't know that. It's a Big Mac style sauce. Ooh, I'm, I'm, I'm in on the Big Mac. It's, It's very good. It's in On a Big Mac, Minas onion. It's a very good burger. Nice. This was warm. It would be incredible. And I'll say, I think this is better than five guys. No, I don't think it's even a Question That's better than five guys. I'm not a Oh wait, You're thinking of Inn Out. I, I Was thinking of Inn Out. I screwed that up. I was about to say, it's definitely better than inn out five guys. I think it's probably better than five guys too, if I'm being honest. You look, you're more of like a, a smash burger type guy Anyways, though, I don't discriminate. I am on a mission to find the best burger. I've been trying to, I'm trying burgers all over the place. I love burgers. Nice.


I got a burger spot for you. There's one in LA called Franking it up. It's just a food truck in Santa Monica or something like that. Yeah, I'm out on food trucks. Well, it's not even a truck. It's just like a guy set up in a residential zone. I don't even think he, I don't even know if he's permanent, but the fucking guy makes a great burger. At least after 15 HILs. One outta one outta 10. Where you going For a cold burger? One outta 10. Those pickles are great. They're very good. I like pickles now For a smash. Burger Nine. Alright. This is a really good burger. It's a really good burger for a smash burger. What it is. If this was warm, I'd be like devouring It. You, I mean you are, you've taken four bites and it's already gone.


You got, that's your, that's your fourth bite right there. Cold fries. Definitely get 'em warm. Whew. Alright. Heavy handed. You got a nine That's, I might be one of the highest scores Jason's ever got. Do Not just take the onions Off. Food number two, Lasorta peppers and Cheese. We have a cheese. We have cheese. Cheese. No, it's too childish. I can do peppers. I can do peppers. I don't prefer it, but I can do peppers. I don't think peppers on pizza go great, but I'll try it. Ready? You're still, you still got it. Okay, great. Great sausage. All Right. A little pepper and hamburger meat.


It's not bad. I'm like positive. That sausage. Yeah, probably a sausage. I'll loop the two in. Same Thing. Can we get confirmation sausage and Peppers? Sausage and peppers? I mean it's pretty Good. Very good. It's pretty Good. I'm a, I fucking love a good like Detroit style pizza. A New York style pizza. But I don't know. I don't know. It's not like cheesy enough for like enough sauce for me. It's a little dry. I do Agree. There could be more sauce. Yeah. And more cheese. The bread and dough actually I'm in on though. I'm in on the bread and dough. I'm in on the bread and dough. The sausage is really good. The flavors are fantastic. I like That. It's got A little bit solid flavors. Solid flavors. It's got, does it have red pepper flakes on it? Yeah, 100%.


It does. I'm in on that. I'm in on a little spicy. I don't think long green peppers should be on a pizza, But good. That is a good piece of pizza. It is a good piece of pizza. I'm going See I I'm a pizza fucking guy dude. Like I eat. This is Also hard. This isn't a warm pizza. This isn't a warm Pie. It doesn't matter. Pizza, cold or hot could be fucking delicious Sometimes. Cool pizzas. That's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You don't always get that with burgers as it lingers and I get more of that spice. I like it. The bite is pretty solid. I'm going a solid seven. I'll go with seven on that. It's Got really good crust. The texture, the dough and everything. They nailed all that. Yeah. If it was just a little more robust with ingredients, it would just really, Really just knock, knock those Tastes back out.


It might be. I mean it'd be right up there. It'd be, I mean it's be real good. I'm gonna go go 8.20. You threw it up there. You're pretty generous Right now. I think you're just hungry. I am. I am on a diet caloric deficit. So this food tastes amazing compared to caloric Deficit Food without fats and sugar. We're we're we're right up your alley. Yeah. Nice. So we got a nine from heavy handed and I'm also, I'm also trying to gauge 'cause it's not like right out of the oven trying to be a little bit generous anticipating that to be, look at You fucking good Samaritan. Well top of time. Heavy handed nine Lasorta.


I go 70. He goes 8.2. So that puts us at about 7.6 Fucking taco. Good luck That avocado has been sitting out. Oh, I thought that was like bean sauce. It's all, it's avocado. It's just been brown because it's been oxidized. It's avocado If you don't eat it immediately, just oxidizes. Are these all the same? No, This looks like chicken. Chicken Is possible. What did you have at your Wedding? I mean unless they have, unless you had tofu tacos. We got All the tacos at the way. Love the tortilla. Big corn tortilla. Only I I used to eat flour tortilla. All we ate.


All we ate growing was flour. All we was. Yeah. I still eat 'em. I can't fucking eat flour tortilla. I can do it maybe as a seafood taco. No, I got you. I can't like eating a flour tortilla now. So good. Just feels so gross. I love the crunch. No, I'm Out. You don't see, you don't get 'em the way they're supposed to be. Flour Tortillas. Yeah, you probably get 'em a little soggy and like they're not as crunchy. Talking 'em as fun is the la I'll still go to Taco Bell. Get two and two. I'll get too soft, too hard. It's a good chicken taco. Chicken taco by far least favorite taco of all the time. Sure. What is this is, do you have like a al pastor? What's this? Is that pork? I think that's caritas. Alright, Let's try the carnitas.


Jesus Christ Caloric deficit. You got the eyebrows up. You know it's a good thing you get those eyebrows to go up. That means you've surpassed expectations or there's a little jolt of flavor town that he was, I mean it's a great taco. I will say, Let's wrap it up. I mean they're good tacos. Tacos are one thing that I feel like the more off the beaten trail you go, the better the tacos are. Like it's just the way I feel with tacos. Like the more commercialized it is, it's just not as good of a taco. If I'm catching this outta somebody's like back of their vehicle that they drive.


Yeah, it's gonna be the best fucking taco I ever had in my life. Dude, Taco Bell made a living on selling rat food. They're good. They're very good. Oh yeah. He's going for the moon pie. What the fuck is this? It's a mota. Mota. Mota? Yeah. Is that like a real thing or is that like a gordita? No, it's a real thing. Looks like a KCD to me. It's Donna, KCD. It's a taco burger. The heavy breathing is the fucking illest part of this entire thing. I Mean it's hard 'cause corn tortilla should be eating fresh. God damn.


All right. We gotta give it one out of 10. Where are you going? I bet with all this being fresh, these are probably about as good of a commercialized taco as you can get. But like the last time I was in LA I went to like the street that Whole Foods is on in Santa Monica. Yeah, I'll eat those tacos over these any day of the week. Harder to order from. I would say I will give these a seven eight. Seven. Eight. Nice.


Well that does it for food court. Brought to you by Suave Men and shout out to Jets Jake for getting married. How about it?


I had no idea that guy. What are your rating for these foods? Jake Burger's a 10. 10 10 outta the burger. Okay, so nowhere To go. Nowhere to go. Just never be tough. It's my, It's my favorite burger in la. It's easily my favorite burger In la. Well it better be your favorite in the world. If you giving me a 10 you can more than one 10 Erroneous. This Is where you and I disagree. All right, go ahead. Pizza 8.5 all and tacos. I'd give a seven. Three. Seven three. Yeah. Nice, Nice. You guys are kind of on the board. Same. I think we're, that's pretty nice. Yeah, we're we're in the same ballpark that does It for food. Start from my chewing New Heights Food Court brought to you By SUA Men.


That Is on it for this show. That wraps up another episode of New Heights.


Make sure you're subscribed on the YouTube to the new Heights Chan, to the YouTube to the New Heights Channel. And follow new Heights on the Wondery app or wherever we get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free by joining Wondery Plus now in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Don't forget to Join Wondery Plus. Ladies and gentlemen, once again. New Heights. A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Audible. Hell yeah, it is. Follow The show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to our production and crew, we got to see a lot of them out here in LA and it's been a fun time. So 92 Percenters as always. Thank you guys for tuning in and we'll see you guys next week. Should we write a book and put it on Audible? I don't think you write Audible, Don. We just get a goat. What? Just it's the point of writing an Audible. I got a nice sweater on. That's a Cardi again. Jason. Is It a card type Of sweater? Look at shoot Little school boy. Or you like you look Amish in this thing. I had a Jeff Cap on too. Eastern PA that I had to take off. They made you take off your hat? No, I took it off because I was trying to be polite. Does that work? I don't know. I'm Is justice whether it's polite or not. Oh, You have not been to court, have you? I Am a criminal justice major. Alright, you wanna do it? I don't know. You sure? Just use that part and move on. All right. Follow New Heights on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


As athletes, we value quality sleep and recovery, which is why we love our next sponsor Sleep number. Sleep Number in the NFL have been partnering since 2018 to bring quality sleep to elite athletes. And why 80% of the Kansas City Chiefs players have a Sleep Number bed Sleep Number. Smart Beds are the best beds for couples because you can individualize each side. That's right. Elevating legs Your head or adjusting firmness Sleep Number is tailored just For you And Sleep Number Smart Beds also show your sleep quality every morning in the Sleep Number app. And If you Struggle with sleep too hot Sleep Number has the right temperature solutions for your best night sleep. If you're in the market for a new bed, make sure you stop at a Sleep Number store and check them out.