
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today.


So you wanna start a business. You might think you need a team of people and fancy tech skills, but you don't. You just need GoDaddy Arrow. It'll make you a unique logo. It'll create a custom website. It'll write social posts for you for a limited time. You can get Arrow all access for just a dollar a week for 12 weeks. All the AI power of GoDaddy Arrow, plus a domain, e-commerce, store payments, professional email, and unified inbox, which means you can build a powerful business that looks like you know what you're doing for a buck a week. You know what that sounds like A plan. Get started@godaddy.com terms, apply


The stench of sweaty uniforms In a football team's locker room can be unbearable, but Armand Hammer, deep clean Laundry detergents, fights the toughest odors to deliver a championship level clean Armand hammer. Deep clean detergents are the brand's most powerful formulas yet that can penetrate deep between fibers to tackle tough dirt and odors. Just like an elite defense, its pH power technology sends in millions of ionic micro scrubbers to dominate the toughest stains and odors. And unlike those premium tickets with the trusted value of Armand Hammer, you don't need deep pockets for a deep clean, available in liquid or convenient power packs. It works in all machines and temperatures, even cold water when it comes to tough stains and odors. Put Armand hammer deep clean in your starting lineup. Pick up Armand Hammer. Deep clean today, available in store or online and major retailers nationwide.


It's just life, man. This sport can humble you so fast. It can shoot you to the moon and it can, it can bury you, man. I know that you don't probably care that much about it Right now. I mean, you have so many records at this point that this is like, kind of like just another one, but at the end of the day, it's just another thing that cements you as one of the best players ever to play in the NFL. That's the last thing that I care about Right now. I know the only record I get is that he like kept going on the field. He's out there Again, Welcome back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen at Wondery Show, produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go order Wings for takeout or delivery today.


We are your host. I'm Travis Kel, my big brother, Jason Kelsey, subscribe on YouTube, Wondery Plus, wherever you get your podcasts. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Yeah, man, this is, this is gonna be a, a very gotta do it type episode. Obviously after the, the big loss. This isn't the easiest thing to do. Get on here and, and talk to the world and especially our 92 Percenters who tune in week in, week out and give us your time, give us your, your attention and, and, and cheer for us and, and root us on. And it, it was a, it was a weird weekend, but I appreciate you guys for all the support I've seen leading up to it and even afterwards.


But Jason, before we get into everything, why don't you let the people know what we got coming up. We got A big episode guys. We're gonna recap Super Bowl 59 and talk about, yeah, what else we got down to while we were in New Orleans. As always, we're gonna get you some of your no dumb questions, but first, I guess we're just gonna get right into it. I don't know if there's any new news. All the news is over. Yeah, so I guess we can just go. All right. Alright, cool. Well, Eagle's, 40 Chiefs 22. God damn. The Threepeat did not happen. Obviously did not happen in the Superdome. Eagles ended up getting it done. Nick Ciani, Jalen Hertz, Trav.


I think people have been waiting to hear from you since the game Sunday. Yeah. What do you want? What do you wanna say? I don't know. Where do you wanna start? I mean, I, I already, you know, congratulated the Eagles. I, it was hard going into the exit interviews today. Obviously the last time I'll see probably a lot of those guys as it'll, it'll be a, a bit of a turnover this year, knowing the contract situations and everything. And outside of the game. I just wanted to thank my teammates for everything they fucking do, man. Yeah, we, you know, the effort, the focus, the, the work that we put in, that wasn't the reason, you know, honestly, going into the game, I felt as confident as I ever felt in going into a, a Super Bowl or a playoff game, or a big game in my life.


And, you know, for a bunch of reasons that just, it just didn't happen, man. It just wasn't our day. Couldn't find a lick of momentum. I'm kicking myself for some of the tiny, tiny decisions I made on the field, trying to do something more than what I was asked to do during plays. I wasn't the best leader that I could be in motivating my guys and keeping my guys, you know, calm, cool, collected. And I put a lot of that on myself as, you know, the guy that's been in the building for 12 years and seen a lot of football and actually seeing a situation just like this in the Super Bowl talking about the Tampa Bay Super Bowl.


It's a tough pill to swallow, man. Every time we felt like, you know, we made a big player, we got something going, a penalty would happen or we'd, we'd be going backwards. And then on top of that, just, just not executing the play calls. It wasn't the play calls. It, it was a cumulative effort of everybody just not, not finding a way to get it done, man. And to happen on the biggest stage sucks. But to, to have it happen for the second time in my career, on the biggest stage, man, it's a tough pill to swallow. It's a hard reality man. And, You know, I just, I love my, my teammates. I love my coaches. Chief's kingdom.


I'm sorry for, for how it ended, but you know, it's, fuck, You know, I have a, I have a beautiful life. I have a beautiful life, man. I have, I have loved ones. I have the, the most amazing family in the world that supports me in everything that I do. And they were all there, you know, cheering me on and, and hoping for the best on, on Sunday. Man, I just have to tip my hat to the Eagles. They, they were firing on all cylinders coming out, and it just felt like we just never, we never had control over what was going on in that game. I felt like every time you guys tried to get something going, it just like didn't work out, right? No. It was like you, you're close to getting a third down, get 'em off the field and they either make a big play, there's a penalty.


There's, you know, up until even like, halftime, even though the score was getting outta control, there's that big throw the D hop that doesn't get caught. And even then, I'm a guard at the chief school down here. They scored before half, they get the ball coming outta half. Yeah, I'm, I just came away very much. And I know you guys are kicking yourselves for not playing your best game. I just, you know, the Eagles played fantastic. Yeah. Everybody played their best across the board. I mean, it was a truly impressive game from Philadelphia. Defensively, all those guys, Vic Fangio, Jalen Hertz played very well. And that was the thing all week everybody's talking about, you know, what Spags gonna do?


Is he gonna try and sell out to stop Saquon and, you know, give the one-on-one matchups on the outside? And I don't know, I, it almost like didn't matter. It felt like, it felt like Jalen was just on it and he was executing regardless of what it was. But I know this sucks to talk about for future half. I've been here obviously two years ago I was here. That was great. But, You know, I Think it was, it was a really impressive performance by Philadelphia, to say the least. Yeah, it's gonna sting. I know everybody wants to know whether or not I'm playing next year, and Right now I'm just kicking everything down the road. I'm kicking every can I can down the road and I'm not making any crazy decisions.


But I, Right now, the the biggest thing is just being there for my teammates and being there for my coaches. Understanding, you know, that there's a lot that goes into this thing. You know, I've, I've been fortunate over the past five, six years I've played more football than anybody. Yeah. And it's, it's because the people that are in that building and the fact that we keep going to these a FC championships and these super bowls, and that means I'm playing an extra three games more than everybody else in the, in the entire league. And that's a lot of wear and tear on your body. And it's a lot, it's a lot of time spent in the building focusing on your craft, focusing on the task at hand.


Every challenge that you set up for yourself. And it's, that process could be grueling. It can, it can weigh on you. It can, it can, it can make you better. And it, it can drive you crazy at the same time. And Right now it's one of those things where it's, it was kind of driving me crazy this year. And I think that it happens as you, as you kind of tail off towards the, the back nine of your career as a SVP would say is, you know, it's, as you see yourself or not feel yourself have this success that you once used to have. Man, it's some, it's a tough pill to swallow. And then on top of that, to not be there in the biggest moments, knowing your team's, counting on you, man, that's, those, those are all extremely hard things to hard.


It's just a tough reality. Yeah. And You know, I think I'm gonna take some time to figure it out. And I think I owe it to my teammates that if I do come back, that it's gonna be something that, it's a wholehearted decision and I'm not half-assing it and I'm, I'm fully here for them. And I think, I think I could play. It's just whether or not it's I'm motivated or it's the best decision for me as a, as a peer, as a, as a man, as a human, as a, as a person to, to take on all that responsibility. Preach into the choir, brother. It sucks when you get to this point in the career where you, you, it becomes harder and harder to do it.


And I think there's a physicality that becomes more difficult to manage. There's a, a mental approach that becomes more difficult to manage because a lot of times it's stocked on top of the physical discomfort and things that are happening. Yeah. To do it right, you have to be committed and you have to put the time in. You have to be, you know, all in. And it's, it's difficult to sign up for that because you know what it takes. You've been here three years in a row, you've been to this game multiple times, you've had an amazing amount of success. And it's frustrating when you're getting older in your career and you know that that is becoming harder and harder to do and more and more grueling to go through.


So take your time, obviously get away from everything for a while. The biggest thing is that, you know, after the game, I still had over 50 something plus of my best friends and my family and my loved ones and everybody that has supported me throughout my life was there to, to, you know, at least make it not feel like the worst day of my life. Yes. An opportunity to get all those people together under one roof, be around them, you know, hug 'em, smile with them, find a way to, you know, get through something really, really tough.


It definitely made it a little, a little easier. But the, the reality is gonna gonna suck here for quite a while. It's just life, man. It's life. This is, this sport can humble you so fast, man. It could give you so much praise. It can, it can shoot you to the moon and it can, it can bury you man. It can absolutely bury you. And you know, it's just, it's the occupation we chose and, you know, not, not everything can go as planned sometimes, even though we've been able to find a way over the, the past, you know, however long. But especially this year and this team, we, we, we were known for finding a way.


And as much as I like to think we could have done things differently, man, it was just, it just didn't feel like at the end of it, it was, it was meant to be. It is what it is. Yeah. I mean, listen, it's never been done before. It's never been done before for a reason. It's incredibly hard. It's hard to keep teams intact. It's hard to keep, you know, you're, you're having extended season. You guys have played 60 games damn near over the past three years or whatever. And I'm not trying to make excuses. There's just a reason why it's never been done. And I think that, You know, I know you guys are frustrated Right now. I know you're frustrated.


I think the reality is what you guys have done is amazing still. Yeah. I know that you don't want to hear that Right now. And I know that that game is frustrating as a result. But that doesn't take away from the last seven times you guys have been to the A FC championship or whatever it is. And five sup. I mean, it's remarkable the journey and the run you guys have had and you and Pat and Chris and certain guys have been at the epicenter of this for that entire time. And a lot of the guys on this team have been there for three, this was their third time in a row. I know it's frustrating to look at this one game, especially because it was such a dominating game for the Eagles.


But I think that the reality is it's one of the incredible runs that's ever happened in this fucking game. And you guys have your legacies cemented on that and nobody can take that away. I mean, people could try to talk shit, especially if they've never done anything in their lives. But that's the reality of it. There was one thing accomplished, which is Travis Kelce set a record, a record for most catches in a career in the Super Bowl. Which Travis, that's a big record. It's not a very big record. Why do you say it's not a big record? I Just, I have a lot of Super Bowl appearances. So do a lot of people, What do they say? Records are meant to be broken.


That they are, well you broke one, you broke the most catches in Super Bowl history, which I know that you don't probably care that much about it Right now because of the way the game went and Right. I mean you have so many records at this point that this is like, kind of like just another one. But at the end of the day, it's just another thing that cements you as one of the best players ever to play in the NFL. I know you don't care about the I but I think at the end of the day, when it's all said and done, the records mean a little bit because once you're done, that's kinda all you have left is like the memories, the trophies, which obviously mean the most, and then the stuff that makes other people recognize greatness.


Which unfortunately there are a lot of stats. But that's kinda all we have outside of trophies and highlights. No, I mean I'm still, I that's the last thing that I care about Right now. I Know, but you will. So, and it's, and it's dope just here to tell you it's fucking dope record. Thanks brother. As are all your other records offensively. The only record I get is that he like kept going on the field. He's out there again. Look at this guy. This guy really won't take a break. He's headed out to the field for another consecutive week.


How'd he do? No one knows. Just counts as a game played. He only played the first drive. I know. He had four bad snaps. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. There we go. I feel for you. 'cause losing a Super Bowl sucks. I mean I don't wish that to anybody. I talk all week. I, no matter who won or lost, I feel like I was gonna be feeling shitty and feeling more with the team that lost. Yeah. 'cause I know what that feels like and it's fucking terrible. What was it like for you watching this one? Terrible. Yeah, you mentioned you, you tweeted out something and Yeah, but I didn't even want to tweet it. I think I would rather do it here.


'cause you'd be able to talk more. Yeah, But it doesn't matter what happens. Whatever you say is gonna get clipped or touched and put out, it sucks. I knew it was gonna be weird going into it. It progressively got weirder as the week went on. On one hand you played your entire life with an organization and team a lot of people in that building, coaches, friends, teammates that you've gone through adversity with. And it, it, it really makes you very, very close. And then on the other hand, you have your brother and I've always supported you. I've always wanted you to win Every step of the way. And I wanted you to win this game.


I thought I made that clear. You made it clear to me. It Was weird, man. It was hard to navigate because I'm trying to like, obviously I'm trying to say that I, I have people on the Eagles that I love and I also have you and I tried to make it known that I was rooting for you and it felt like I couldn't be right. It felt like no matter what I said, some people were gonna skew it and say that I'm rooting for the Eagles and some people are gonna skew in and say that I was rooting for the Chiefs or Travis. Yeah. And it sucked Just the world we live in, man. Everybody wants to just fucking call people out. I know I always had your support and I joked around saying, with your cheering for the Eagle, listen, you and Kylie are there in Philly and have created one of the most beautiful situations that I've ever seen.


You guys are loved by the community out there. You guys are very much a part of the community out there. Outside of that, that organization, everything from the, the foundation stuff that Kylie does, they both of you guys do to the countless, countless amount of hours and years you spent in that organization, giving it everything that you have there is, you don't have to explain anything to anybody as long as the people right here. I know who Jason Kelsey is and I know my brother and what his intentions are and nobody can ever fucking confuse that. And you can't let these jam oaks online make you think that you're in the wrong for what you're saying.


What you're saying is I hear it, I hear it loud and clear. And I think the people in the Philadelphia organization understand exactly what who you are and what you represent and how you were saying it as well. Yeah. And all that is true. Like we are still very much attached to this organization, which is why there is part of me that obviously is very happy and proud that they have won this game. But that doesn't take And doesn't make You Of a brother. It doesn that doesn't Make you less of a brother. That doesn't make You all I wanna say that does not take precedence over rooting for you. Yeah. And that's why this game sucked. It was very, very hard to watch. As much as I love the Eagles, as much as I love the city of Philadelphia, there was not a fucking out to me that, and I know that Like, I don't know, I I, I tried to correlate that I was rooting for both sides the whole time and that I was gonna be happy and sad regardless.


That's what I heard. No Matter who won it was gonna be a happy and sad regardless and trying to communicate why I might be rooting for the Eagles. I think some people, I don't even wanna do this, I don't even know like, 'cause now we've already done it. Fuck 'em. You don't owe any of these dickheads the acknowledgement. You really don't, Jason. Everyone that knows you, knows your intentions. Anybody saying anything otherwise is like you said, just a fucking, just trying to get an a a rise outta somebody else. It was the weirdest game ever watching because you what, the only other time you don't care about the outcome is when you're not really attached to either of the teams. And in that case, there's not a lot of emotion put into it.


Yeah. Like I still remember like the first play, the AJ Brown penalty, I remember this like wealth of like, like I jumped up outta my seat. That wasn't a penalty. Like I, I, like I jumped up outta my seat on, on that one. Then I jumped up outta my seat on the Nick Bolton hitting Dallas Gotter. 'cause I, I thought that was a horseshit call and I'm going back and forth. It ended up just not being a fun game to be a part of her watch because at, at, at, at all times I'm just like, I was, yeah, I don't know. I don't even know what I wanna say, man. I really don't. 'cause no matter what, it's gonna piss somebody off and I probably shouldn't care If it pisses anybody off.


That's probably the reality of it. That's the, that's the Jason Kelsey that we all know right there. You you're giving these people way too much fucking, too much of your effort. Too much of your time. Too much of your attention. I didn't know what it was gonna feel like going through the game. I thought I did. I thought I understood going into it that I would be happy in some way sad in another way and that, but like the further the game went on, I just got more and more like down upset. And like, part of that is like I'm in a box with all of our family and loved ones and friends we're all just like, dude, this, this sucks for Trav, this sucks for his team.


And I, I don't, I don't know, like I wasn't, I didn't anticipate the amount of just like sheer discomfort and frustration that I would have watching the game. I thought I would kind of just be like, ah, you know, like I like both of these teams. Whoever wins made the best team win. And it just didn't turn into that. It didn't. Yeah. And I don't know If it would've been reversed, If it would've been the same way. I don't Think it would've, it Would've reversed If it was an actual fucking game. That shit, it was just wasn't Well that've that made, that might have made it better. Yeah. I think the fact that it was that kind of like lopsided, it was like, man, this is fucking just like hard to be honest with you.


Yeah. Listen man, nobody's, nobody's gonna be able to relate to what you or or me or you know, even Kylie. Nobody can relate to what it's like to have to pick between those two. Like sit this type of situation trying nobody knows, wasn't trying what it like To, that's my whole thing. I wasn't trying to pick. Exactly. Exactly. So, and but it's, it, you can still be happy for somebody and you can still be sad for somebody. It is what it is. You know, that's way It is. At the end of the day, It's fucking football, man. I, and I know I'm, I'm saying it like that because I just lost the fucking game and I'm gonna act like it, it d it didn't mean the the entire world, but it's my third.


I've, I've, it's my third in three years I've had so much success playing this game. It still means the world and it always will. And this one's gonna fucking hurt just like fucking Tampa did. And I think about that way too often. But this game is just, you know, it's, it's just our jobs. My, my life is still beautiful. My, I come home to a, an amazing household of, of family and friends that absolutely love me. And I, you know, that's, that's the beauty of, you know, going through a hard time like this is that, You know, I can still have happiness and still have an amazing time in life even when something like this happens because I got the support that I do and that's, that's how I'm gonna feel about it.


I'm definitely compartmentalizing and, and and you know, putting this in the back corner and I'll deal with this at another time. But, you know, I'm, I'm not gonna sit here and and act like the world's over because of this thing. And yeah, I don't think, I don't, I would not expect you to. Yeah. I just don't know how to articulate that. I'm happy for some of the Eagles, but at the same time I was miserable during the game watching you not achieve your success again. Yeah. That's the reality of it. Like I didn't enjoy any part of that. It fucking sucked. And like it felt weird for me not to be cheering.


That's what it felt like. It felt like why the fuck am I not as excited? And I Think it was, it was just a fucked up emotion and it's really incredible that the Eagles pulled this off. It's been incredible from last year's ending and the way this team has rebounded the way they've been rebuilt from 2022 and before that it's a tip of the cap for Howie Roseman. There are so many new players on the defensive side of the ball. And all of these young guys ended up panning out and it played at a high level between Cooper Deje, Quinan Mitchell, Zach Bond, mil Williams, Jalen Carter, you know, Jordan Davis on the defensive line, Nolan Smith, you know Vic Fangio and all the coaches on the defensive side of the ball.


It didn't start great. I mean they started two and two coming off of a a year where they finished seven and eight and the way they stuck together, the way they got, they got better. The way they continued to improve and how they finished the season has been spectacular on that side of the ball. Obviously getting Saquon was huge offensively getting rid of the undersized center, Jason Kelsey and putting in Cam Jergens, getting Makay Beckton in at right guard. I just think everything was fantastic. And how they continued to like block out noise, questioning Nick Ciani and his ability as a head coach questioning Jalen Hertz questioning everybody and these guys really stuck it together and found a way to fucking do it.


And it's hard. It is so hard to get all the way to the Super Bowl and win in this league. I just think this is such a huge moment for all of these guys that came up short two years ago that were there and how they built this thing in the two year sense. And it makes being a former Eagle extremely proud. And I think the entire city obviously means a lot. Do you want me to cut all that Travis? You look like you're just like, dude, No, it's your dude. You're allowed to have your world, your legacy, your word. You're allowed to have that you can be happy for your former teammates.


Don't let who what happened to me, you know, make you feel any less proud of what you've helped build. I didn't Help build shit. They did this on their, I'm not a part of this. Yes you Did. I hear you. I hear you. You like to think that Jason, I think that you've shown a lot of people in that building how to be a professional, how to do things the right way. So I can sit here and say that you definitely had a piece of that. I know you weren't in that building doing everything, but I've heard guys like Jordan Otta talk about you. I've heard guys like Jalen Hurtz talk about you. I've heard Lane Johnson talk about you and what you've been to their career.


So you can say that. What you can say that it's, you had nothing to do with it, but bits and pieces of who you are are still living and breathing in that facility. For sure. Well shout out to Philadelphia if anybody wants to drink a garage beer, the limes or, or a nice Kelly green-ish should not do that. I'm, I got a garage beer hat on. I've had like three cases since the game.


Alright, it's time to talk about our next sponsor. Buffalo Wild Wings. Right now you can get 20 boneless Wings, a large fry enough to four dips for only 1699 with Buffalo Wild Wings. Go. That's right. Even though I'm not a boneless guy. I do like that you can choose up the four sauces. That's right. You can either have, You know, I mean you have a bunch. You can have original Buffalo Hot sauce, wild sauce, Cajun sauce. Shout out to Louisiana. Nah honey barbecue, our favorite. They have a new maple Chipotle sauce, a spicy garlic sauce, lemon Pepper, spicy garlic sauce. Kind of sounds better. Got A lot of options. Yeah, I'm definitely going for honey. Barbecue, you can't go wrong there. But the real question for my boneless Wings Ranch or blue cheese, you look like a blue Blue cheese. Yeah, you're blue cheese guy. That's right. We, we blue cheese it up. Now that football season is over. It's time to relax and the best way to relax is at home. That's what, Of course with takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go. Go ahead and check it out for yourself. And order 20 bonus Wings a large fry, four dipping sauces for only 1699 with Buffalo Wild Wings. Go. BUFFALO WILD WINGS. GO order Wings for takeout or delivery today.


Marvel Studios new movie, Captain America. BRAVE NEW WORLD is here this Friday, February 14th. Only in theaters. I'm here for it. Anthony Mackey as Captain America himself. Kap, it's his story and he's doing it his own way. I'm excited. Yep. No Super soldier serum, but he's got Steve Rogers original shield and a vibranium suit. It sounds like Captain America would totally crush it in the NFL. Absolutely. And caps a military man. You've gotta appreciate that. Of course. Always. Yes. And we also get to see the infamous Red Hulk make his dramatic day. I did not. There's a Red Hulk. What ha. How does he turn red? I don't know, but I cannot wait to see that. It's Gonna be epic If you love big plays. Crazy comebacks and high intensity moments. This movie's got all of that. And more Captain America, BRAVE NEW WORLD in theaters on Friday. You don't wanna miss it.


All right. And now a moment brought to you by our sponsor, American Express With Valentine's Day coming up. Jason, do you have any special dinner plans with Kylie or do you want to tell anybody what you got going on for Valentine's Day that you could possibly use to pay for with your Amex? Well, I haven't done anything yet. I'm obviously gonna get cards and chocolates and hopefully, you know, all the, all the typical Valentine's Day stuff, but there's a lot going on. There's obviously, there's a Super Bowl parade. Haven't made any plans yet. We're still talking about what's going on Friday. Nice. But Always excited to celebrate Kylie and i's love, I'm very romantic, as Kylie has said, multiple times With Amex Platinum, you get access to global dining access by resi so you can experience the hottest restaurants with exclusive reservations and even be notified when hard to get rid of reservations. Open up. And that's the powerful backing of American Express. That's Right. For full terms, visit American Express dot com slash with Amex.


That does it for The recap Because now we're getting into out of the house. Out of the house brought to you by American Express. Jason, how was it being down in New Orleans all week? Was it as, was it as tasty and as fun as you remember it being? Dude, first of all, I don't remember a lot from college. I feel like when you're playing in a game, you don't really get to experience the cities. You know this, you guys are there for the whole week, but you're practicing and your schedule is so laid out. You have like maybe two to three hours of the day that you could go do something. Yeah. And when you get that time, you're usually not spending it going out. You're like, all right, I'm gonna take this time to do nothing.


This was the first time being in New Orleans where I really got to experience the city. 'cause every other time I've been there, it's been for football. And I gotta say, I fucking love that city, man. It was an awesome host city. La Los Angeles. Las Vegas was great. It really was. And it was the perfect infrastructure set up. The host of Super Bowl, new Orleans, the perfect vibe, food mentality, culture. I mean, it was just unreal. The issue was the infrastructure's awful. Like there was going from place to place was a train wreck. And then at night, for some reason they have this ordinance that whenever the train's coming through town, it has to blow its horn every time it's going to a crosswalk. So you're just hearing a fucking train horn constantly in the middle of the night, which is annoying as fuck.


But outside of that, it was fantastic. It was really good beignets. Yeah, I was about to say you get some more beignets, some more gumbo or What? I went to, I went to Cafe Dumont like the original one, which, not even just the beignets, it's the whole vibe of it. It gets got like the little hats and the get up and you're outside and it's just a, it's a dope vibe. You ever been to Keys? No. I don't even know what the rest of it. It's like keys fried chicken. I think it's, I'm we're, so I went to get my palm red. Okay. And we were talking, we had like all these trendy spots that we were gonna hit up after that and after the Palm reading, they were like, oh, we were trying to like, where are we gonna go to eat? And the guy was, Hey, If you want the local experience, you gotta go to Keys.


I was like, keys like, yeah, it's a gas station, a serve fried chicken. I was like, yeah, that's, that's right up Jason Kelsey's alley. So we, we went over to this place, bro, the mo like it was similar, not not similar, but like again the best barbecue spot. My favorite barbecue spot in Kansas City Joe's Is Joe's. Like, there's something about food being served at a gas station that just is like, yeah, I'm gonna check this out. If it's got a good, if if food at a gas station has some word of the mouth going about it, you know, that shit's good. So we pull up to this spot keys, it's got po Boys fried chicken. I get up there and I Like, this is what made sheets in QuickTrip, like the, the Staples serious that they are in this world, No doubt.


And I get up there and I'm like, all right, let me get some dark meat. And the guy's like, get the white meat. And I was like, dude, white, it's too dry. I don't like white meat. He's like, Hey, this white meat ain't dry. So I got a chicken breast first bite into that chicken breast dog Dry as shit. Nothing Dry about it. That show was so fucking good. It was, it was. And it was the perfect amount of spice where it's not overwhelmingly spicy in that first bite, but the more you eat it just like starts engulfing you. Yeah. It gets you going. But I got, I got the fried chicken, I got a hot sausage poboy, which was phenomenal. I tried a pineapple soda big shot, which I guess is specific to New Orleans. It was like a pineapple creamsicle.


It was so fucking good. So I was getting a bunch of like convenience store, local spots, some, some baked good that came in like a tray. I forget what that was called. But it was, it was like a brownie. He was fucking real good. All know Kylie and I went out to a fancy dinner one night called, Ooh, you fancy son of a bitch. We, it was what Peyton recommended, it was Clancy's. Oh, nice. Yeah. Nice. It Really good. One of the items that they're really recommended for is the fried oysters. I see. That's the thing I'm in on. I'm out on Louie's. But Yeah, but The fried things, But yeah, It's different. Different Experience. Maybe throw some cheese on there. I don't know If you know this, but there was a, there's an oyster recall while we were down there.


So we didn't eat any of the oysters. All the bar stool got sick. They were all getting the neurovirus from the oysters. It's unfortunate. So We didn't have any of the oysters and we didn't have any of the oysters at Clancy's, but they had plenty of, I had turtle soup that was Cajun style turtle soup. It's fucked up man. You're eating turtles. Turtles. Hey man, Now that I know what they taste, I'm gonna be keep eating them. They was, it was, it was damn good. That turtle soup was great. What do you eat them? What Do you mean? Is there like, do you eat the leg? What do you eat? It Was so chopped up. It Was like, what's, what's in those shells that I I think you eat the, the, yeah, I have no idea. I'm not gonna lie. I have no idea what you're eating. But it was great.


The turtle soup was fantastic. I had a like a smoked double cut Pork chop. Did they just split the thing open? You just eat it out of the shell. Like the shell was a bowl. No, you, you don't even know it's a turtle. You just see the meat and like the soup kind of like, kind of cup cut up. It's like little spoonfuls. Yeah, I'm out. Very good. Highly recommend. The house salad was great. The double cup pork chop was phenomenal. Did you go to any Super Bowl parties or? No, I Went to a new Heights party. I went to a Stapleton concert and then outside of that I just lost all my money to the casino. Casino was right next door. And because I won so much money last year at Las Vegas, Gotta G Universe, I Thought, you know what, we'll just keep this rolling.


This would be great. Yep. Didn't work this time. Yeah. So That's how worked. If it goes back to why I normally don't go to the casino because it would, they're just like, just handing them money. This fucking guy Tang flip 21. I'm like, god damn Tang no. How many, should I just bend over and pull my pants down? Is that where we're at Right now? I like you can I like my odds. I don't like it when, 'cause then I hate the per the dealer. Oh No, I don't ever take it on the dealer. Although I take it mad ang I take it on the dealer. I did get mad at Tang because he let somebody hit on a 14 when he was showing a five. And I was like, Tang, that's a piece of shit. Move dog. You can't let that, you gotta ask like, are you sure you gotta like be, you know what I mean? Like, I know I always tip dealers, dealers are the best, but you can't be letting somebody just like hit on a 14.


But what If you gotta double check? What If you feel, If You gotta ask like, are you sure? Like, and point to the five that you're, that you're showing. You know what I mean? That's dealer etiquette. What if the guy was just feeling it? I think that in all honesty, the person that hit was a little drunk and he was continually having to correct her. And I think he just got tired of doing it. But yeah. Sober. But I saw that's me, me, I saw that happen and I was that me so sober, the moment that happened, I was like, this whole fucking, I'm losing all my goddamn money. Right Now's I get so I, I get so impatient having to quote unquote play it by the book. I don't do anything by the book. Yeah. So it's like for me to have to sit there, You don't do anything by, you do some things by the book.


You, I don't do anything by the book. I'm like trying to you turn Tens, I'm splitting the fuck outta tens every single time. I'm doing everything dude. I'm doing it all. If there's any chance that I could make more money than what I just put down. Yeah. I'm doing it. God. That's any chance to double split. Like All of it. Every I'm I'm doing the side bets every fucking turn. Oh my God. If I'm feeling a lot of low cards coming out at a time, at a certain time, I'll fucking hit on. Yeah. I'll hit on 16. I don't give a shit. Yeah, yeah. You do not want to play. Nobody wants to play blackjack with me. We, we tried roulette.


You know, you've, you've turned Kylie into a big roulette player. I hate roulette. I've turned her into it. Yeah. You No. You taught her how to play. I know She knew how to play when I sat down With her. She did not. No, she did not know how to play. Yes she did. You taught her, you said you gotta play this way. No, I didn't Sit down on the European table and play the outsides. No, no. Yeah, Kylie, Kylie learned this when she was taking French, when she learned French, she, she learned how to play roulette. And then I'm sitting there playing craps and this fucking just dude is sitting down playing the don't pass line. Killing it.


Just killing it. Don't it ever. It's that vibe that is disgust Dude's. Like, I wanna fucking that disgusting dude. I Wanna kill this guy so bad. I hope Your, your energy Right now is ruining my time. Do you mind putting it on the pass line? Dude. Craps. But Then I kind like it 'cause I'm like, I'm I'm just gonna play just to try and win and he's killing me and then it's like, God damn, I might just go live in a casino for a month. That Might have been, to be honest, that was a bigger bloodbath than the game was. Like I know you're frustrated with the Eagles Chiefs game. The craps table with Jason Kelsey versus this guy even. I mean it was even more embarrassing. It was, I don't know If it can get any more embarrassing than that coolest person you ran into all week.


Coolest. The coolest. I saw you, I saw you go past one guy at the game. You did. Who? The Sandman. Yes. You did see that? I did see that. I felt I was kind of in a rush like hurrying past him and I almost missed him. And he is like, Jason, it's Adam. I like Yeah, I know you fucking are Adam Sandler, but Are you kidding me? But thank you for stopping Me. Nah, that was dope. It was awesome seeing the Sandman. Saw Rob Ney. He was in the suite next to us, saw Bradley Cooper from a few suites down. We did a nice wave. We didn't go over there but BC That's my guy right there, man. Oh, Who else did I see? I saw Scotty Hartnel. Scotty Hartnel was out there.


Aaron and Carissa saw, told you I saw Stapleton. Chris saw Bur Kreer. Saw Busin saw PMT. I just said the coolest person. Not everybody. Oh, Sorry. Yeah. My bad, my bad. Who? Oh, the coolest person I saw was Mike. Michael Cherry Coke. He was, let me, lemme make sure I get his accolades right. So I went to a US Naval air base down there. One of the guy I, I met this, he's from Philadelphia at Weaver's Orchard. We were picking apples with the girls one off season and he's like, Hey, if you're ever in New Orleans, you should stop by the military base. You can, you guys wanna do the podcast there or do whatever We'd love to have you.


And dude, he invited me down. I got to see like a practice routine with a bunch of jets that went off. They were doing like tactical dude, like formations and stuff. Dude, it was insane. It was absolutely. That's awesome. I got in a flight simulator. How'd you do? I mean, I was coming right off Bourbon Street, so not great. It was very wobbly flight. Very wobbly flight to the joystick. Fuck. But dude, very disorienting too. Like, whoa. He did not let me land it. He was like, there's no way you're gonna be able to land this. So we're just gonna move this. Keep this thing moving. What else? What else, what else? Damn, I gotta get down there. Dude, It was so sick. Honestly. It would be great to go back and do a podcast there. 'cause those dudes were awesome. It was just a great vibe. I honestly just love being around military guys 'cause they're always just Like, I don other gems, dude, what else?


Ate a bunch of king cake, went to the oldest bar running continuously in New Orleans. It was like a, it's like a something blacksmith. It's been open for like 300 years. Lafitte's blacksmith bar, right? Freaking dope. Super cool spot. So we got, we got the best. We we did a lot. We did a lot. I think you've, you've officially perfected getting out of the house. Jason, I'm just, as a brother of you and knowing who you've been your entire life, I, I'm proud. I'm happy to see this. Thank you. Thank you very much. I'm Happy to see you turn into this and enjoy what the world has to offer. And shout out to New Orleans.


Man. I, I don't have the fondest of memories there, but The Cal have awful luck in New Orleans. There is a Sugar bowl. I lost a playoff game here in 2018 after the Super Bowl. Well, 2019 and then obviously this last week. Yeah, This week. Yeah. And then, but I've, I will say this, I have always enjoyed the, the random times that I was in New Orleans. And I have so many, so many friends and teammates that I just fucking love that are from the, the state of Louisiana, but specifically around the New Orleans area. And I got nothing but love for 'em. I'm not gonna lie, I, I love the culture.


No, it's the best, it's the best. Going down there for a few bachelor parties in my day and enjoying the, the music and bar scenes and it is a really, really cool place. But for whatever reason, me and football does not thrive there again, shout out to New Orleans and that does it for out of the house.


Brought to you by amx, American Express. Get your amx.


All Right, now Jason, let's dive into it.


AG one. You've been around this stuff and been taking this stuff and been enjoying this stuff and it's, you can tell Jason, you're glowing. Why is a G one your favorite daily health drink? Trav a G one is not just some run of the mill multi-vitamin supplement. It's a full blend of vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants designed to give your body what it means every day. And that's all from one scoop, no pills, no capsules, just mix and go. AG one makes hard to get nutrients easy to get. It also includes pre and probiotics and other gut supporting ingredients. Yeah, exactly. So my digestion is always on point. And AG one goes through tons of testing to get NSF certified for sports. Making it the perfect supplement for athletes on all levels. So tell the people how they can start the new year with a healthy routine. Just head to drink AG one.com/new Heights Right now. That's right. AG one is offering new subscribers a free $76 gift. When you sign up at drink AG one.com/new Heights, you'll get a welcome kit with a bottle of vitamin D three, K two, and five free AG one travel packs in your first box. That's drink AG one.com/new Heights to get your free gift and start your new year on a healthier note.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insurance by checking ALLSTATE first. Like, you know, to check If you have your keys before walking out the door or like, You know, to check If you have a full ticket gas before, you know, road tripping through the Desert. Like, you know, to check if there's gonna actually be snow before taking a ski trip. That's Important. Okay. Yeah. And like, you know, to check If you bought enough Valentine's for all the kids in your daughter's class. I forgot I gotta get stuff for my daughter's for Valentine's Day. I they're at that age now where? Gosh. Okay, Cool. Checking first is smart. And so check ALLSTATE first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with ALLSTATE. Savings Vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. ALLSTATE fir and casualty insurance company affiliates Northbrook, Illinois


Long Live dogs. Ooh, that's what they say over at the Farmer's dog because they want all dogs to live a long, healthy life. I'm a dog person. I want my dog Balu to live forever. We all want our dogs to live forever. There's no magic way for that to happen. But get this dogs kept at a healthy weight can live up to two and a half years longer than overweight dogs. The Farmer's dog helps your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight with a personalized meal plan of freshly made food. They calculate your dog's ideal daily calorie based on their unique nutritional needs. And the food is delivered in pre-portioned packs so that you can feed your dog the right amount every time the Farmer's dog isn't fancy. It's simply real food with real benefits and it's delivered right to your door. That's what I like to call a win-win. Give 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. That's right. Also, you get FREE shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/new Heights to your 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


One thing that Travis and I didn't get to do while the game was happening, 'cause we were both there and watching it, is we didn't get to see the best commercials. I mean, that's the one thing that everybody is so synonymous with the Super Bowl. It's, you know, what are the best ads of the year? And there was one that we wanted to highlight, but there was a Nike ad. It's the first Super Bowl line in 27 years and featured a load of female athletes including, I, I mean, one of the biggest episodes we've ever done. And Caitlyn Clark, You I love Nike commercials. I've, I've been a huge fan of Caitlyn Clark since she's been in college, obviously through the, the Olympics.


Ari Richardson. Yep. You Can't win. So win. Yeah. Speaking of all the things they say women can't do. Yeah. If there's one thing I can firmly get on board with is telling a bunch of people who think you can't do something to shove it, I'm all on board with that. That's a great message by Nike. I'm with that as well. With Some incredible athletes. A bunch of familiar faces. Yeah. Gold medal. Gold medal winners. Frigging champions. Nike, thank you for such a powerful message on, on the biggest stage. You know, obviously everybody watches those Super Bowl commercials to see what messages are sent and Nike's sending one of the best ones of this year. So, and shout out to Caitlyn killing it, getting in a dope ass Nike commercial man.


Gosh, God. Love it. That's another thing that's nostalgic being like the face of Nike. Yeah. Right. And and it also being Jordan Nike's, Well, Jordan was the face of Jordan, I guess, but Tiger. I mean he was, He was originally the face of Nike, Right? So you got Jordan, you got Tiger, LeBron, there's somebody in between those. But I mean, Griffey, Griffey, Kobe Wayne, Wayne Gretzky, shout out to Nike for, for jumping in on the Super Bowl commercials coming with one that actually had a very, very meaningful message to it, to all the young woman athletes out there. Yeah, absolutely. I'll always be team Nike All time for no dumb questions.


No dumb questions is brought to you by Marvel Studios. Captain America, BRAVE NEW WORLD. How about that? How about it? Got superhero movies. We're doing ad reads for now.


All right, Mr. Day J Danger at Mr. Danger one. I actually saw this tweet and thought it was hilarious as a note. I'm question. So If you had, so this was in response to the statement I released saying that I love and care about you more than anyone else. More than anyone. Yeah. Right. And this question, this was a, a prompt underneath that, a response of basically you're saying that it's ridiculous that I would say that I love you more than Kylie undergoes, which I love you the same. But we're gonna read this question. I don't love anybody more. I love you the same If it don't Have to. If you think I give a fuck about, this is so funny.


I know. You're, We're gonna read this question. Go ahead. If you had to push Travis or your wife off over a cliff, who would you choose? You must choose one. Don't skirt the question. Jason. You said you love no one more than Travis. Who are you? Or so are you pushing your wife over? Here's my answer, and tell me if I'm correct. Should I answer first or do you want to answer first? This question is for you. Okay. I'm pushing Travis over. Nice. Because he would tell me to push him over the Cliff. 100%. Bam. Baby. It don't too fucking push Kylie off of the fucking cliff. Are you kidding me? Oh yeah. I'll be just fine.


All right, I'll, I'll fucking roll all, I'll fucking hit the ground and fucking roll outta that fucking thing. I'll, I'll Find away outta The i'll flank. I'll flank away to safety. I don't know how the fuck I'll do it. I'll fucking sprawl out like a flying squirrel or some shit. I'll be fine. I'll figure some shit out. But did Chris Farley and American Heroes this, is that the movie Dude? Oh my God. Now that's a deep cut right there. I love that Fucking scene. American Matthew Perry. Is that What that movie, I Think it was American Heroes, right? Yeah. Or Something. Yeah, something like that. It was something Heroes. Yeah. I Think it was American Heroes. Yeah. They were fucking, they were racing fucking Lewis and Clark to the West.


Yeah. Ah, that's funny. Should We keep re-imagining this Question? No, I think you answered it. You, you alright? If If it's, If you had to push, If you had to push me or mom over a cliff, who would you choose? You must choose. Don't skirt the question. Fuck. Don't skirt the question. Travis. Mom's like 70. You have kids that need to be raised. God damn it don't skirt the question, Travis. You gotta choose one. I'm going to choose mom because you would want me to push mom.


Oh my God. Oh man. I think that's, I Wouldn't push either of you. I jump off. That's What I, my, when I first read this question, I thought the exact same thing. Like I just jump off of the cliff. No, but I don't Think it works like that. Are you? It's in this hypothetical, it doesn't a, you can't an No. I think the answer, dude, you gotta push me. This is the, this is the code of being a man when the lifeboats are getting loaded. The women and children go first. Yeah. Too shade. You Gotta push me. Yep. But I think mom would jump off. That's what I think. She's not on here to vouch, but I know that If it was me versus any of my siblings, I'm jumping off the fucking cliff. You don't even gotta push me. Well, unless that's not allowed, then I'll tell you to push me. Nice.


I'll give you the nod. And if you're not allowed to say it, I'll just go like this for future reference. If we're ever in this scenario, just a little, and we're not allowed to, we're taped speak. If I just go like this, push me right off the cliff, You're fucking hilarious. Nice. Just in case we ever get caught in that scenario, just In case we ever get caught in this ridiculous hypothetical situation, push Me. Yeah. Thank you Mr. Mr. J. Danger. Thank you for using X responsibly. Next one. No dumb questions. Hashtag Do you put the cereal first or the milk first? Do I put the cereal first or The milk first? And this is, this is why we have this fucking segment in here as no dumb questions.


Yeah. This is about as stupid of a question as I've ever heard. Everyone knows the cereal goes in first. Be careful, Trev, be careful what you say. Everyone knows the cereal goes in first. I don't know If you have to get, you have to lather up at all the cereal. Jess, I'm on the same page with you. You don't just pour it in one part of the bowl, either You pour it over the top and you get everything covered in milk. I'm A hundred percent with you. There's no logical reason to pour the cereal second. But for some reason Kylie pours the cereal. Second. What? And it's never made sense to me. I don't know why. I mean, in no other situation where a solid goes into a liquid, would you ever put the solid in second?


Like it's just asking for a disaster to happen. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. Like You're not, you don't fill a glass up to the brim and then start loading ice cubes in that motherfucker. You're gonna get water all over the place. What are we doing here? Yeah, But Kylie does do it that way. That doesn't make any sense. And I usually don't say anything because it's none of my business. Even though I think it's ridiculous. It's not the argument to start. And also it doesn't make it taste better. Like If you just like dry cereal, what are you putting in milk anywhere with it? Like there's a reason you put the milk in second. 'cause it kind of gets the cereal to the perfect consistency of Moisture. Dude, it's, thank you. Yeah. Nice. So Kyle, you're wrong on this one.


I'll go to, and I'm pretty sure If you put a poll out, you'd be in the bottom 8% of the 92%. Well, there's only one way to find out. 92 Percenters. Yay. We will have a poll. So let us know if us or Kylie are in the right next note. Dumb question, what do we got? Okay. But, okay. From at Notorious RBG. Okay. But speaking of loyalty issues, what about this? It's 10 years from now, you both retired and are Beloved Browns inexplicably have made it to the Super Bowl verse the Chiefs and Eagles. Oh, 10 years from now, Who are we rooting for? That's a good question. Initially I would say that I wouldn't even think about cheering for the Browns.


Yeah. But I do still have that childhood Cleveland sports fan fandom in me. Yep. For sure. And to see, you know, how sh the situation over there in Cleveland has been since I've been in the league pretty bad. Yeah. It's been rough. What do you mean? Since you've been in the league? Since they've come back. I mean, I mean the Tim Couch era wasn't horrible. Yeah. They made it to the playoffs. Wasn't, wasn't the the best. I just feel like the, the organization wasn't looked at it the way they're looked at Right now. Sure. And Right now it's pretty rough. Yep. And I think, I think Cleveland deserves to, to get, you know, a year in, year out, you know, respectable and great product out there on the field.


Now, don't get me wrong, Flacco leading them to the playoffs and, and, and, you know, giving 'em some fun to cheer for last year as the Cinderella story. I mean, that was, I, I enjoyed, you know, talking to my friends about that one, one 'cause it's easy to cheer for a guy like Flacco. What I'm trying to say is, there will be the kid in me that cheers for the Browns. But if there's anybody still left from the run that we've had here in Kansas City, I would probably say I, I hope for the best for them. Yeah. I'm gonna go Eagles. I've already learned my lesson. I'm not touching the Browns like for a second. Yeah. Like they already think, I don't want root for 'em for some reason. If it's anybody other than the Chiefs and Eagles, I'm going Browns, You know, I mean, that's what it comes out.


They're, they're the next team. But we've both spent a lot of time and energy personally with both of these franchises. I don't think at this point, Browns versus Chiefs maybe, but Browns versus Eagles. Now I'm going Eagles. Yeah, I'm going. I could say the same. Browns versus Chiefs. I'm going Chiefs Browns versus Eagles. I'll go, I'll go Browns. They're probably fourth behind whatever team you're coaching for. Shout out to Andy for dropping that knowledge on us at Trav. Coach Trav has a future Coach Trav. Coach Trav. Yeah. Would you go by Coach Trav or Coach Kelsey? Coach Kel just sounds way better. I like Coach Trav.


I don't know what's does it. All right. Fair enough. Coach Kelsey. I, I think just Kel, not even Kelsey. God, that'd be you. Don't do this again. You'd, you'd be Coach Kelsey And you'd be like, don't call me Coach Kel motherfuckers. Well, that does it for no dumb questions. Brought to you by Marvel Studios, Captain America, BRAVE NEW WORLD. That wraps up another episode. New Heights, not the most fun one to start off. But Yeah, thanks for your no dumb questions. We found a way to, to close it out. Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts.


Once again, new Heights is a wonder show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go Order wings for takeout and delivery today. Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for Eclipse throughout the week. And thanks to our production and crew, how about 'em, man? Another year under the belt, or another season under the belt, I should say. I appreciate you guys always working through the scheduling and making it, making it easy on me and Jason knowing that the football world's so crazy. So thank you guys over at Wave and Wondery and thank you to the 92 Percenters for tuning in Chief's Kingdom. Once again, I'm sorry for this year and how it ended, but I've loved every minute of playing for you guys all season and appreciate you guys always showing up.


And to those Eagles fans that are, that are 92 Percenters as well. Congratulations, man. You guys had a hell of a team this year and there goes some fun merch for you guys to buy. If you guys want it. Peace, Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus, enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


All righty.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. The start of a new year is all about starting new rituals. And whatever you do come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. They've got flavors we love, like sugar-free raspberry lemonade. Mm, raspberry Lemonade Liquid IV will keep you staying hydrated during those long winter days. Whether you're enjoying the outdoors or maybe you're having a little too much fun watching your team in the playoffs. And we love how easy it is to make just one stick with 16 ounces of water. And you're hydrating better than water alone. It has eight essential vitamins and nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy-free, soy-free. Embrace Your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code New Heights at Checkout. That's 20% of your first order off when you shop Better Hydration today. Using promo code new Heights at liquid iv.com.