
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today.


This show is sponsored by Liquid iv. Ooh, this stuff makes staying hydrated super easy. And it's all thanks to their fancy LIV Hydra Science Technology. Visit Liquid IV dot com and stay fueled for a long day with Sugar Free Hydration featuring the new Raspberry Lemonade hydration multiplier. Get 20% off your first order with code New Heights at checkout. Whether you're grinding through long work days, crushing it at the gym, or spending hours under the hot sun. Liquid IVs got your back. They even have Pina Colada. Just one stick and 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. How about that? How about that? Ready up for a long day with extra ordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to Liquid iv dot com. Use code New Heights at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with new code New Heights at Liquid IV dot com. Thank you to our partner.


Boris said, you know what Makes my day the perfect sandwich? And I mean, perfect sandwich. I'm Not gonna lie. We love sandwiches. We do. We love deli meats. I like cooked meats. I like meats of all kinds. But If you want deli meats, bores head has got you covered. Now I get why people make such a big deal about it. They're oven gold, Turkey, Don't even be started and they're ever roasted chicken, the craftsmanship that goes into each slice. Oh, chef's kiss. Hmm. How would you describe your ultimate sandwich? What's going to make it extra special? Extra special? So if I'm trying to be extra special. Yes. Alright, so we're going to deli sandwich. If I'm going an extra special deli sandwich, I'm gonna put some Boar head meat on there. I'm gonna put some healthy layers of cheese, potentially Parmesan cheese, I mean, I guess parm. Ah, some Shep Fresh Parmesan cheese on top. Put some ooh hot sauce. Put some hot sauce on there, lettuce and tomato to make you feel like you're being healthy than mayonnaise. A healthy dose of mayonnaise and maybe a little bit of mustard. But it depends on how what hot sauce you're working with Boris said has been perfecting their legendary ingredients for over 120 years. From selecting premium ingredients to perfecting traditional methods, boars Head embraces true craftsmanship. Whether it's their smoke master, uncured ham, or literally anything else they make, you're gonna get the real deal. Head To your local Boris head deli counter to discover the craftsmanship behind everybody. Boars Head committed to craft since 1905.


Who would be your tag team partner If you ever were to join the WWE Without Fault, without Quest? Cree Hump Cree. He's your tag team in the NFL. Why wouldn't he be the tag team in the in wrestling? Yes sir. Let's go. What would your tag team name be? Ebony and Ivory. Put it on. Put it on a t-shirt. Put it on a T-shirt. Oh, that is funny. Whoa. That's welcome.


Back To New Hi. Hey, How about that?


A Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Hellmans. Nice. Ha ha. Hellmans. You love Hellmans? Hell yeah, man. We are your hosts. I'm Travis Kelce. This is my big brother, Jason Kel outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Shout out to the heights and all the tigers around the world. Subscribe to YouTube, onery Plus wherever You get your podcasts. And follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for all fun clips throughout the week. Jason, tell the people what we got coming up today though. We got Another great episode for you guys Lined up today. Starting off with Travis being called out by Big Mayo. Oh my gosh. You've been called out Trav. That's right, it's official. We've also got some no dumb questions to answer Plus from the Kansas City Chiefs. Trey Smith is with us. You, Let's start with some of the new news. All Right, now new News is brought to you by mayonnaise. That is Hellman's Mayonnaise. That's right, baby. Who doesn't love mayonnaise? Travis doesn't love mayonnaise. The thick old egg batter. And now they're her sponsor. What? Travis, you're not gonna believe this. Will Levi has called you on On Instagram? No. Why did he call me out? What did I do? Well, will is a known Mayo advocate and your mayo hate. He is gonna challenge you to eat your words. Why? Why? Literally, I I don't, I don't challenge not accepted. I don't even know the challenge, but it has, If it has anything to do with Mayo, I'm out. Okay. Well this is why Travis, this is why Will is challenging you to try Hellman's eat your words challenge. They're out here challenging Mayo haters to give their flavored mayo a shot. I've never said a single bad thing about Mayo. Travis, are you kidding me? This is Like nails On a chalkboard to me. Dude. I love it. I love mayo. Listen, It's so good. All Right. But you're, you're acting like this is regular May. This is totally different. This is spicy mayo, right? There's flavor to it. It's got an amazing smoky kick to it. It's not, it's not. This isn't regular mayonnaise. You like spicy, spicy aioli. Think of it like that. It's just spicy aioli. All right. Maybe I'll, I'll think about it only 'cause it's spicy mayo And it takes away from the eggy thickness of this cycle, so-called Hellman's mayonnaise. You hear that? Will, will you hear that? Will, that sounds like a small win for the 92 percenters on a future episode. That's right. Travis might possibly with a non zero chance eat mayonnaise. So stay tuned for if he does or does not accept, but he kind of does halfheartedly. You guys know what I'm saying? That does it for new news brought to you by helmets. Yes. Yes it does. It's terrifying.


Before we get to this Trey Smith episode, time for some no dumb questions brought to you by Perplexity AI, discover fast and reliable search with Perplexity AI today.


Alrighty. First Notam question from at Hummingbird Cake Nola And one, what was your favorite struggle Meal. Struggle meal, okay. When you were broke, struggle Broke. Ooh. And what's the fanciest or most expensive thing you've ever eaten? So I, I'm devising from context what struggle meal means. Is this just like the politically correct way to say broke ass meal or something like that? Like would you call it struggle meal? I've never heard, I've never heard struggle meal either, but I don't like it. I understand what it's saying. I Know why I don't like it. I don't like it. You're struggling. What is your favorite like cheap ass meal? Like something like I don't Two. I mean, you already know. We could round up.


I got a few good ones. The old Wendy's dollar man. You fuck. Yeah, no. You know, one of my fucking favorite things to do was in college after I went through my entire faster check and my, and my scholarship check would be to call dad to tell him to call Domino's and put in a large pizza for me. So your struggle was calling your parents? Yeah. I mean, it's been a, I mean, I I've had a beautiful life. It Works, it works. I, I guess in college we've, you know, you, you go like ramen noodles. I Couldn't do ramen noodles, man. Oh, I love ramen noodles. When I think of food, like things that are, You know, I just, we don't have any money or we're like getting the bare bottom of the pantry.


I think of ramen noodles. I think of like beans and weenies, big beans and weenies fan. That's one of my favorites. Hated beans and weenies. Hamburger helper. Does that count? Does that kind of like Okay. TV dinners. TV dinners. Yeah. Yeah. Like what are the They just like heat 'em up type deals. But that's the thing. Like if I'm struggling and I'm broke, I'm like, I'm probably gonna go to like McDonald's and just get a few like things off of the dollar. Like I don't know If you the value even do that anymore. I haven't. I haven't. Yeah. The value menu. I haven't like, I don't think they're a dollar anymore. I think they've upped them. That's fucked. What is your favorite value meal item at any fast food chain? Dude, junior bacon cheeseburger. I Mean, it's good. I feel like I had so many of them in college, Used to be able to get fucking nuggets for a dollar.


I know, I, I think I used to like them so much in college. I just kind of got turned off at GBCs. They're not, it's not as good to me anymore. You could always go and get guys. Pizzas a slice for a dollar. I Mean, dude, If you're really cramped, you go in with a couple buddies for a crave case from White White Castle. I mean you're a Ooh White Castle, man. Dude, you're fucking, that's a lot of stuff. That's A lot of sliders. It's fuck, I think it's like 20. Dude, I feel like Taco Bell didn't really have a great value menu. I think the whole menu is just kind of value. Dude. What You could order the entire menu twice with like fucking $20. What? I think that's what I'm saying. I think the whole thing. I think the whole thing was just value.


You walk into fucking Taco Bell with $5, you can, you can get fucking lu breakfast, lunch and dinner. I mean, Before subways started, like price gouging those $5 foot longs. That's a pretty damn good deal. It is, Yeah. As you can see, we've lived a life fully of privileged, I guess. Yes. Cereal, cereal's another one of 'em. You get a box for fucking a dollar and some change, You get a fuck ton of meals out of that box. Have You ever ate cereal with water? I've done it. I mean, It's not ideal. I'm not upset with just the crunch and like not getting 'em soggy. I like the sogginess, especially specific types of cereal. Like, it's just better being a little soggy. You're like a soggy oatmeal guy too.


I like mine a little bit more dry. You Like dry oatmeal? I like dryer than soggy. I don't like soup oatmeal, but I don't, I like there to be a consistency. Yeah. See I can't do the soupy stuff. I, it's hard for me to do soupy stuff. Do you like soup in general? What's your favorite soup? Like chicken noodle Soup is the original struggle meal. That's like soup kitchen. Yeah. What's A But I've never been to a soup kitchen. I'm not gonna lie. Chicken noodle only. Yeah. Candle's. Chicken noodle. Hey, what do I, what are we talking about? Really? Any of the Campbell's soups, they qualify, right? I've only enjoyed chicken noodle. I only like that brothy like soup. I don't like, I don't like the fucking You Don't like clam chowder? Yeah, The gloppy fucking thick shit.


I'm, I'm out on that. The only thing type soup I could do is like, like a bisque. Yeah. I mean this is the best we can do for you. I've heard of guys eating like ketchup sandwiches and like mayonnaise sandwiches and Sugar sandwich. That was my dog Reggie's go-to when he was struggling. Sugar Sandwich. Is that what I think it is? Sugar Sandwich? Yeah. Yep. Yeah, that's exactly it. Yep. That doesn't sound exciting. One bit. I'm not gonna lie, I kind of fucked with it. I used to fucking, I mean, it's essentially what I used to do with a bagel and cinnamon sugar. Like, just know that Another one, bagels another one. Alright, so let's, let's transition this to most expensive thing you've ever eaten. There's a hundred dollars cheese steak at this Boar restaurant.


Barclay Prime, downtown Philadelphia. You pulled the trigger on it. Well, I mean we've, we, We do like a lot of oline dinners there and stuff like that. Where, where you're kind of just like splurging as a group. Oh yeah. And I have had that. I don't think it's the fanciest or most expensive thing, but there's something about it being a cheese steak being that ridiculously priced that is. And it's very good. But I, I guess I'll vote that. I don't know. What do you got? Nice? I got nothing. I don't know. I, I like, I don't necessarily look at the most expensive thing and Yeah, and fancy foods are kind of just like, I love getting fucking big obnoxious steaks. So if I see like a porterhouse that's a 48 ounce, I'm like, give that medium.


You cut it off the bone a little bit too. Most of the higher priced items are usually like meat that has some like type of alteration. Like a hey, you want this dry aged 52 ounce like tomahawk steak that's from Wagyu and it's like $300. And I'm like, no, I want the regular ribeye that tastes fucking delicious without putting all that fungus on it. I don't need the fucking aging process. Gimme the aging. No. Give me the regular steak. Not wagu and gimme no, Gimme the Wagyu. Gimme the regular. I like a steak that tastes like a steak. I don't like a steak that tastes like it's been marinated in butter and then melts all over the place. It hasn't been marinated in butter.


All Right. Whatever the fancy stuff, nine times outta 10 tastes worse. Just being honest with you. Unless the one caveat to this fancy pasta. You go to a nice Italian restaurant that's like upscale. Those pasta can Come out. They're making that fucking pasta in the back. My guy Vetri. I don't know how the fuck he puts so much flavor into each one of these little pillows of Yaki. But it is y it is fucking crazy. It's so good. I love So if I'm going fancy sin, I feel like fancy Italian is like worth it. But fancy steakhouse. I've never been in on the fancy steakhouse. I'm just gonna be honest. Dude. You gotta go 87 Prime. Can't wait for that fancy ass steakhouse. You already know baby.


Opening up soon, we're gonna fucking get that thing up and running and once it, This ERs up and running, it's gonna be a machine serving Kansas City and all the Chiefs Kingdom and whoever else wants to come and enjoy a meal that me and Pat are given to the city. All righty. That's it for no dumb questions brought to you by Perplexity. Now let's get to our convo with the one, the only Trey Smith, The Enforcer. Our guest today is six round draft pick from the University of Tennessee. He's a two time first team, all SEC selection, 2024 Pro Bowl two time Super Bowl champion, winner of the 2024 Kelsey Jam Wing eating contest.


Very, yes sir. Very nice. And the starting red Guard for the Kansas City Chiefs. That's right. It's The Enforcer. Dear Mr. Trey Smith, baby. Woo. Yes sir. Appreciate y'all having me on Man. Trey, how, how you doing? How's the off season been treating you? Man, solid man. It's been, it's been a good off season. Able to get back down to Tennessee, spend some time with the family, see a lot of friends travel bid and did all MyTraining really in Texas match trying to get Right. That's awesome. That's awesome. Let's get it man. Where did the nickname Enforcer? I know Travis calls you the Enforcer. I'm pretty sure I've heard balding or call you in Thefor, the Enforcer. Is there a, do you know who originated that or is that just, just turn on the film, Jason, about just watching the hour? Just turn on the film. Trust me, I've been preaching this for a while.


Yeah, man, I, I gotta give credits to Trav. Honestly. He was the first person I saw that really like used it in this podcast, bro. But, you know, Baldy does an amazing job breaking down film all the time and he would just always talking about my style of plays. So I think it just sort of stuff from there. Yeah, absolutely. I, I've been saying this for years. Travis knows this. I've told you easily. I mean, if not my favorite, one of my favorite offensive line me to watch in the league should not. The way you play it, the way you finish it is just a, a joy to watch play the game the right way. So couldn't be more excited to have you on this podcast and talk about that journey and everything. So thanks for coming on brother. Yeah, man. Appreciate y'all having me on, man. Hell yeah, baby. You already know.


And the thing is, as the Enforcer, when You get a guy that is the Enforcer on a team, and I'm telling you when he first got here, you could see the, the mentality of the offense start to start to get a little meaner, start to get a little bit more on the attack. And it's just, it's, it's contagious man. And Trey, I, I don't, I don't know what it was like at Tennessee 'cause I wasn't there, but something tells me that you were really the motor of that team as well, man. 'cause one, every, every time I feel like you go into a new building, man, all of a sudden that culture changes a little bit to get a little bit more serious and a little bit more about the business man. And that's the hat's off to your professionalism and just who you are and how you play this game.


Dog. Appreciate it dog man. You know, I just try to, anytime up on that field, it's attack mode, you know, top of this Travis, This ERs attack mode, bro. Like, you see it in your moves, you hit it, you kill it, bro. Yeah, Let's Go. So man, got that early in high school. But yeah man, it's, I really appreciate the worst in both of y'all man. Just understand how much I respect both of y'all and I really appreciate it, bro. Hell yeah, Man. I feel like it's not even just an Enforcer in how hard you hit people and how aggressive and fi how you finish. There's also like a swagger in like a Boar. Like what does Andy say? What does Andy call bravado Is Andy bravado called it bravado? Yeah. Oh yeah. There's like a, there's that part of it where I remember, I don't know If it was the Chief's cut these clips up and hopefully Brandon can find it. There's a cut up of you going at it with Jeffrey Simmons.


And it is just one of my all time favorite cutups of any offensive lineman because sim he, he's a bad man. That dude is angry. He plays angry. Yeah. And you matched every bit of it. And you can tell it was starting to affect him. Like it was a joy to watch two Of My favorite games baby. Oh My gosh. That Physical, it was a physical one. Man. Tennessee's always a banger. You Know, you see it after the runs when you're picking up Pacheco or whoever just got like a big carry. You're pointing to the first down. Yeah. There's a level of excitement and tenacity that rubs off on those around you. And that's, that's the Enforcer. It's not, it's it's that plus the physical nature of how you play the game. You got it. You got Oh, he said that.


Oh, the the Denver That's good too. Denver, that's good one too. Here we go. Come Here, come here, Come on. There is, I gotta say this And I think there's another clip. First of all, great job, great job of laying the blitzer, getting flat to put yourself in a good position on the player in open space. If you go down field right away, you're gonna be way out in front and this guy's gonna cut you, you go flat and then man leaving your feet. I don't even know, I mean this is like a, you can't even do this on defense anymore. You leave your feet as a defender. That's a, that's a personal foul. You can still do it as a guard.


Yeah. Oh man, that's, that's one my Favorite plays, bro. Oh yeah. Coach Heck did, did a great job that we prepping us and Creed and I identified and that we saw it before it came up. We're just like, Hey, it's to up, let's get it, let's get it. Yeah. Soon. Bing. I'm like, oh, This ERs game over. I saw Justin Simmons sort of plant his feet. I'm just thinking like coming From top down. Why Are you, where are you sitting still? Yeah. You Know, I, yeah, He was like trying To old away you go underneath, but like he stood still like he was gonna take it on. So I was like, alright, thank you. But man, I was fired, bro. Bro, I can only imagine as a defender, it's like once You get into striking range, you're just like, oh, oh shit, I can't go anywhere Where, and and, and there's this point as an offensive lineman where you know where the ball's hitting and you know where the defender is and you know, the defender has no choice but to come back to where you're at and you identify that not just in that clip.


I've seen you, I forget what, it might have been a Chargers game from back. I, there's another clip where You get out on a, it was, it was either a screen or some type of like gadget play. And it's again, you're like leaving your feet and in order to do that you gotta know, you know what I mean? It's like this dude is throwing everything he can to this guy and blowing him up and Yeah. For, for, for a what? Three 20? For three 50. What are, what are you weighing at Right now? 3 23 23 23. 300 plus to be leaving their feet like that and putting all four man that is the athletic son of a gun man. No doubt. I don't know how much athleticism you can, you can teach in your football camp, but you can teach that mental and that mentality baby.


Absolutely. You're hosting your second annual Trey Smith football camp later this month. How, how excited are you for it? Yeah, it's gonna be my second football camp in my hometown, Jackson, Tennessee. And man just fired up for it bro. Like, I think giving back to Jackson, the community that poured so much into me, like it was, it was about time to do something for 'em that was big for the city. So Nice. And our first Year we learned a lot with the young kids, you know, it's hard to manage our kids. We have Come on man For sure run around. So we wanna make sure ages like second grade and up. They just have a good fun time. Have the love of the game. Then for our middle school and high school camp, we'll turn it up a notch. We're trying to get them ready for the next season. So really looking forward to it, bro. Get it back home.


It is funny when you go to one of these camps and for us, we are so used to going about the position a certain way and the game a certain way. And you try like teaching that to like a young kid who's like six years old and they're like, I just wanna run over these bags. You put your face, your face through his face, you're like, no, get in your stance like this and use your hands like this. And you're like, okay, this is all pointless. Yeah, just run over these bags. And then The last camp I, I did, I thought it was a brilliant idea to try and have a water balloon fight at the end of the camp. Sounds great. Until you realize that it's not like, like two teams fighting against each other. We just like had a bunch of coolers filled with water balloons.


It's Just a bat of royale And everyone picked up a water balloon and then looked directly towards me. Just started. So I had over A Hundred, 200 kids just Chasing around. That's great. I was, and eventually I just gave in and just got smoked by everyone. That's some That's that's some good offseason conditioning. Yeah, It was. No, it's better run striders. Just give a bunch of kids water balloons and try to avoid them. Yeah. My, my buddy last year he set me up, he had all the kids come and tap me, so I had like 200 My legs up, I'm just trying to fall so I don't crush a little Timmy's leg. Don't kill anybody. Yeah, Right. Just don't fall on one of these kids because three 20 wink wink. That's, that's a lot coming down.


You know what, so this isn't just offensive lineman, this is all across like just football in general. You have multiple coaches there helping out with it. What's And it's all ages. Yeah, it'll be all ages across the board pretty much from second grade all the up to senior high school and we'll have coaches vary from a lot of former volunteer guys. Some guys I went to high school with, even the NFL players as well and coaches that I've just sort of found along my way in my journey too. So I have a large support and crew and coaching staffs coming out help us out. So it'll be awesome man. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. That's right. Heck yeah man. Did you attend any football camps growing up? Oh dude, I went to a ton, a ton of 'em, man, that was like, that was a big part of me becoming a good player.


I feel like, like I would always go, I hate to say it, but like bro, I would always go to University of Alabama's football cap with Nick Saban big Bama fan growing up. So like I had and I, we would drive down to Tuscaloosa and do the cap every year and eventually my, my high school coaches like, Hey, you guys realize there's more schools are just Alabama, right? So started going Ole Miss Tennessee, Arkansas, across the country, bro. So that was huge for my default that Heck yeah man. Yeah. Was it always Bama versus Tennessee? Was it al in terms of going to, going to college or, or how did your recruiting process, how'd you end up back at Tennessee if, if Bammo was always a dream? Yeah, So I did not like Tennessee. You were the number one recruit coming outta high school, right? Yeah, yeah, I was about to Say. Oh yes. Five star, all that.


So, oh yeah, I got my first offer from Ole Miss I think when I was 14 from re and that just sort of like domino effect. I got offers from across the country, but for me, I always grew up a Bama fan because my kindergarten teacher at the time, her son was an equipment manager for them. So I went to the locker room game day. Like first time I've been to SC football game or college football game, State of the art facilities, you're just like, I was like, whoa, favorite college red, I love elephants. I'm like, damn, This ERs a match heavy. You know? I Mean, yeah. Yeah. So good. You know, I'm sitting there like, bro Bama has become one of the top schools. They same us won all these championships and stuff. Then obviously I started getting recruited and I started looking around a little bit and ultimately bro, it ended up being between like Alabama, Clemson, Ohio State and Tennessee.


And then the night of my decision, it was really Ohio State and Tennessee. And then I flipped to Tennessee in the middle of the night. So I was like, you know what, Tennessee makes more sense long term. It's my home. I wanna live there one day. And I think it was the best decision I ever made in my life going to Tennessee. I'll tell you what, man, going back to going back to Tennessee after we got smoked when I was in college playing Tennessee, Tyler Bray and Cornell Patterson got after us a little bit, See Flash P But going back when Butch Jones was there and, and just being around, 'cause Eric Berry had a football camp up there and I was up there trying to help him out and at least, you know, show my face. But obviously got some family around the Knoxville area. It was so wild to see that town.


The entire city is orange. Yes, sir. Like every, like, everything in sight is orange And it, it kind of gives a little bit of Ohio State, but Ohio State's surrounded by like Columbus and an actual big city. No, Knoxville is everything is balls. Yeah. All over the place. And I was just so, I was like, man, I, I just, I appreciated it from a completely different perspective going back once I was already through college and everything and that had to be a fucking hell of a god damn time when you were there, Bro. Unbelievable. I wish we were better at football. Like we had some, some seasons that worked so great, but like, bro, I'm talking about the love you feel on campus from like day one is unbelievable.


You know, there's, there's, see especially as this fandom, there's a lifestyle people in Knoxville, Tennessee. It's a volunteer lifestyle man. They really bleed Orange. I can go back on campus, like I told my family, like we, we, we go back to football games usually on the bye week, right? Yeah, yeah. I start getting swarm by people And it got so bad that like they gave me a golf carts right around on game day. But like the love, I mean the last time I, I played a sper to see going like over half a decade ago and people still know my name. I'm might go in a restaurant, people talk to you, it just shows how great All Nation is and you're great player. That's awesome. You treat the city right man, they'll show love continuously, bro. So like I said, man, there's a difference between fandom and a lifestyle man. They lived that like down there in Tennessee.


Hell yeah, baby. Hell yeah. Hell Yeah. What did you carry a sledgehammer around campus for? What was the signature behind that? What was that deal? Yo, that's crazy. So it was my freshman year. Yeah, we played Georgia Tech season opener in Atlanta. I guess a Mercedes-Benz was like the second football man I ever played there. And I had a block, it was like a trap play. So basically one of our shutter plays Tribe and DN and then extra on top of it. So Coach, coach Jones, I guess he had the, the sledgehammer like hit could be a tackle, hit whatever it is. So like the week. Yeah. And I got it my first game at Tennessee and I don't know why, maybe I'm watching a movie or something, but here I am carrying this sledgehammer, like on my back, walking To class As a freshman, bro, like first movie class dude, I just gotta hammer in the classroom.


So it was crazy. That was one of the cooler things Butch Jones did with the, the, the sledgehammer paying Amish to the blockers. That's amazing. That's a great way to represent it. Look at that There. It's Check him out. That's Great. That's iconic. Going to going to class, you, you, you see all that, you college athletes going to class, But he's there for work. He's got his lunch pail and his sledgehammer with him. He's ready to go. All Right. Going into your fifth season with the Chiefs. All right. We got 20, 25 chiefs coming up. Yes sir. Come on. Anything different going into this season for you guys up front or for a team?


As a team? I would say up front, you know, just have a couple of new pieces coming in and you know, some guys are definitely excited about, excited to work with and You know, I think our mission and try we agree with this man, like it's gonna stay the same man. We won another Lombardi, we won another trophy, man, we know we came up a little bit short last year, but man, we're just motivated, you know what I'm saying? That feeling we have, at least I know it's been driving me, I wanna get back there. I wanna win it again, Man. Yeah, We'll be absolutely fine, but a couple new faces to bring into fold for offensive line, but Coach Heck and Coach Batay, they do a great job making sure we're well coached up and prepared. So like I said, I'm just looking forward to it, man. Like, hey, set the ball down, let's Play, let's go man, Let's play man. Let's go. You Get fire me up Right now man. Come whoa, Let's get it.


I I do gotta say this though. You mentioned a few new faces, man, our guy, our guy, big tooney man, Joe, Joe isn't, he's not in the ability anymore, but you gotta show some love man. Got he was there when you came in. Yep. Right? Like he was in Casey when you came in. I ca I couldn't remember when exactly Joe came in And everything, But that Was first year because it was when Orlando came at two at the same time. So it was like all four of us. Yeah, that's, That's crazy. As a as as a young like offensive lineman in the league and your mentality and, and a guy like that who has been proven won Super Bowls and, and you know, Ben been a pro bowler, toney, what was he in terms of your development and how he helped you out early on in your career?


Yeah, I, I can always start this when I talk about Joe from here on out, but I think Joe's gonna be a future hall of famer. Oh yeah. And just for me man, as a young cat stepping into the league brought, you know, wide eye freaked out like in terms of reassurance in your abilities, you know, helping you out picking Joe's brain for different things. Like Joe and I play the game way differently. Like Joe is super technical, he's certain cool, like he's not the biggest guy, but he knows how to manipulate people's body, but like he's, he's nice with bro like on a different level. I didn't even know it was possible, but like that's Joe Tunes and for me man, just having to lean on him, especially when I was younger. Hey Joe, what would you do in this situation? How would you attack this? Like how would you sort of set this block up and having that resource there was invaluable.


And you know, just having a genuine friend too, you know, a guy you can depend on a brother like man that's, it's priceless bro. So for me, I have a ton of gratitude being able to work with Joe, having Joe, you know, some guys from like me and Creed, you know, being able to work cohesive, be as a interior unit as well. Like, I mean that was special bro. Like, it's heartbreaking. Like Joe's not coming back, you know, you already know, but he's got, he's got a ball in Chicago, he knows I love him. Wishing nothing but success, but man, having him around in the mentoring spot that just helped me help teach me the game and teach me the nuances. Man, that was incredible. Yeah. Oh yeah, Look that Interior three was my favorite to watch over the last four years, man. You, between you Creed and Joe and all three of you being different players and like having similarities but then also, and Andy's a great coach and he finds ways to utilize everything and maximize it.


Yeah. I love watching the way you guys work inside. It was heroic with Joe tried to do this year by sliding out to tackle And I mean, I don't know many guards that can even give that a go in the NFL like that is a completely different position. So hats off to him, very unselfish move to, to do that for the team. But with him gone, you're sliding in last year's rookie. Sue, Sue Mattia is is that, how am I saying that right? Is that Yeah, Kingsley, yeah, Kingsley, Kingsley King. Kingsley, Kingsley slot in to guard and then who do we gotta tackle now? Mike call Endo Is he call Endo still there? Perfect. Yep. So there'll be some open competition, some some back and forth a little bit for figuring out who's going in there with you guys.


Yeah, There definitely will be. And I mean hell man, you know, we all been a part of the league like it's competition between us all. So we all gotta go get always, Always, no doubt. You know, I You're right. Hundred percent. I know both of them will will work their tails off and you know, the best man's gonna win. Like I have to earn my job against him as well. But you know, I'm excited about both of 'em. I love Mike man, Mike's a great dude. Mike's extremely intelligent as well and a great ball player. Yeah. And then Kingsley just a young cat, you know, he's still got those young legs, a healthy body a little bit. Sure man. You know, his ability is incredible and some of the things that he can do on the field as well. So like I said, the the moving pieces were off. Mine are great. We're gonna be in a good position though, Matt. Oh Yeah. The one I'm looking forward to. I just gotta be honest, that left tackle position was something that was a somewhat of a revolving door all season long for you last year.


Have you seen this, this kid yet Josh? Like I I Josh to me, watching the tape in college, it was absurd. Yeah. Like the a athletic ability and size. Trav knows because I've been watching this dude, I'm, I yeah, I'm I've Been preaching, I've played my eyes on him. You already know. I I've seen it, I've seen it. He was, he was playing defensive end as a, as just like a scout team, defensive end and he was just playing this gap just being, but he was being a pro, he was being locked in and being a pro and I felt that man's hands grab me and I was like, alright, all right we're just, I gotta come with it. Even when, even when he's just giving the looks.


I gotta make sure I'm got my feet planted man. I've watched a lot of these linemen coming out the last few years. This kid, I mean he is the closest thing I've seen to like a tr Trent Williams or like a Jason like that next level like strength and athleticism. Yeah. The only reason he fell to you guys is because of that quad. Is it Quad 10 or Patel? Attendant Patel Injury. Yeah. Have you, what's you look like so far? Yeah Man, I haven't seen him in action but I mean I just heard that he is so strong, like unbelievably strong is one thing. So like Trav you say about his hands, like that's perfect spot what I keep hearing but oh yeah obviously like the talent is there man. Obviously some of his film as well and you know, obviously got a chance to win a Natty last year.


Shout to him but You know, I think he's gonna be a great asset to the team and you know, I'm looking forward to it bro. Awesome. Oh yeah baby, get him in there. Get him nice and ingrained in the culture we got over there man. Have some fun while we, while we go with some ass. Yeah. You know, we'll get him right. Would You rather play in Tampa Bay, Miami Heat, early season? Never. Or like Green Bay in the middle of the playoffs? Like would you rather play in cold weather or hot weather? I guess the, I'll play in fridge of temperatures, negative green weather. I love it. Okay. I all Day. I love it. I Love I the best once it gets below 50. Ah, What was that one game in KC? Where like oh, Against Miami?


Was that the one where you, I was like watching the field And it was like frozen in. Yeah coach Re, coach re had icicles coming from his mustache. Yeah. Yeah. It was like fourth quarter game of NFL history Matt. Yes. Yeah that was, how did you Feel? I loved it. Feel you'd rather play in that than Miami 95? Yeah, all day long man. All day long because, because one in the heat and the humidity like you're gonna tire out a little bit easier man. Everything is a little bit tougher. It's a different mental space, right. We're in the cold as a big guy. Like I said, I'm always sweating bro. Yeah, Right. Always. It's already there. Like I, I'll be nice and cool, I can recover faster. You know the winter coat Jason, you know You get a little bit heavier at the end of the year so Oh yeah baby, I'm, I'm good man.


I'm solid. How did those trap blocks feel though when it's negative four? You Oh you felt You get a hold? Yeah. Oh you felt it, it woke you up now. Yeah, but like the thing about it that's great is like the demons alive and don't necessarily want to rush past you as well too For sure because you're talking about a team that came from Miami, they just left 80 degree weather, now it's negative 11 degrees. You're like, what the hell's going on? Where do we, where do they drop us off at? You know? So it makes our job easier. It Is a little different, you know, being in 15 to 20 degree weather for a couple weeks for a co for like a month staying in between that, that 20 to 40 degree weather in Kansas City when it's in the winter and then it dropping down.


Yeah. I feel like the initial, the first day in it is always the coldest like, you know what I mean? Like Yeah. If you're kind of a acclimated to some of the cold, like that first day it drops below 50 in Kansas City, I'm like, oh even I'm like god damn it's kind of cold outside. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? But then once I get used to it, I'm outside in shorts and a t-shirt. It's not there at that point but it's coming from coming from Miami And it being 75 to playing in negative five degrees is hell. I probably crazy like what the fuck is this? Yeah, That's tough bro. That's tough. What Is that? Was that the coldest game you ever played in? By Far because like the coldest weather I would ever play outta Tennessee would be like Kentucky or Missouri.


So that was the coldest it got And it would probably be around like December or maybe late November.


Thank you to our sponsor Hellmans. Okay. Can we talk a little mayo for a sec If you don't mind please. I know there are fellow Mayo lovers out there nodding Right now just like me. We've all got that one friend, you know. You know the one who I'm talking about who makes the face when they see us enjoying our mayo, eating our mayo. But here's the thing, these Mayo skeptics haven't even tried the good stuff yet. Ha ha. We're talking about helman's spicy mayo if spicy is not your jam, they also have garlic aioli, Chipotle mayo and even Italian herb blend does sound good to you. Travis Hellman's Is on a mission here and that's why we're challenging all the Mayo skeptics out there to eat their words. Trav your first up. These flavors are gonna convert even biggest Mayo doubters. Come on watching someone go from Mayo to, okay, this is actually amazing. Might be the best thing ever. So who's ready to spread the good word about flavored mayo?


Thank you to our partner Kingsford Summer's here And it's time to kick things up A knot with Kingsford charcoal. That's right, it's barbecue season Travis July 4th is coming up. But why stop at a regular cookout when you can go all out with an epic summer party. That's right, you heard it right? Kingsford is smokey seer and unmatched heat turns any barbecue into the flavor town. Ooh, what's your grilling lineup this summer? Jason, what are you going with? Hamburgers, cheeseburgers, You're burger guy. You look like a burger guy. Take burger guy. All those fucking things. Burger Love a good burger. If I after burgers, I'm going Cheddar brat. Love a good cheddar bro. Cannot be be so fucking good. The other thing I'm really trying to do this year, I cannot beat her. I want to beat Kylie in ribs. I can't do it. She boils them and then puts 'em in the oven And it somehow still beats me on the grill. Hopefully With the help of Kingsford charcoal, you can get that done. Jason, here's to the cool part. Tag Kingsford on social media and show 'em what you're grilling for the fourth and you might just score some sweet gear to make your summer even more Awesome. So fire up that grill with the authentic wood-fire flavor of Kingsford original charcoal. Every day is the perfect day for getting the crew together to fire up something special with Kingsford.


I know you 92 percenters need energy as much as we need energy and that's why we got our friends ACCELERATOR hooking everyone up with another deal. Baby can never go wrong with the 4th of July deal, especially when it includes three of my favorite flavors. Jason, tell 'em what accelerator's doing for America's Day of Independence. Alrighty, starting today on Amazon, you can give $4 off your favorite ACCELERATOR ice pop flavor through the 4th of July. Just Use code J four ice pop at checkout on any rocket pop cherry, ice pop and orange ice pop flavors ACCELERATOR is clinically proven energy that accelerates your metabolism and enhances your focus so you can lock in without the jitters and sugar crash. Travis, we know you have a few of these a day, multiple a day, your favorite flavor changes often. Which ice pop flavor are you picking between rock and pop? Cherry ice pop and orange ice pop Ball. Okay, perfect. Check out the link below to stock up on our favorite zero sugar energy drink ACCELERATOR.


Let's get into some draft stories, man. Drafted by the chief six overall, I mean six round pick, six round in in 2000 Was definitely, definitely not six Overall, but definitely worthy of six overall, can you talk to everybody on on the reasons why you kind of slid in the draft and what draft day was like for you? Yeah man, so those of y'all don't know, right after my freshman year, entering my sophomore season and that off season we had a coaching change, entire coach staff gets fired in Watson, Jerry Pruitt from University of Alabama and that whole off season, they're just trying to break us and as you guys know, if You get a new coaching staff, they're trying to weed out the bad guys, figure out what the team's gonna be built around so they identify, break the culture Man.


Yeah, yeah, we, we were gonna set the culture up around, they looked at me, I had a lot of success in my first year as a freshman. They're like, all right, we can build around this young player. So they just started pushing us every single day during mad drills and I was eating it, bro. Like it was nothing to me. I'm laughing at 'em, talking shit back like This ERs all y'all got like one week man in conditioning. We do, I have gases and I passed out. Wow. I never passed out. I couldn't breathe. Well, I lost 13 pounds in a day. I remember talking to our team doctor, like, Hey, you guys gotta run more tests on me. Like I feel terrible. And he is like, we're gonna do a blood draw, just go ahead and go to class. I remember leaving my dorm room, having to walk like 400 yards to the library to write a paper and happened to stop like seven times just to catch my breath.


And as soon as I got out, the doctors calling me frantic like, Hey Trey, where are you at? Where you at? And I'm like, I just got finished with my paper doc, is everything okay? He is like, don't worry about it, we're sending someone over to the car, they can scoop you up. They rushed me to the hospital and figure out that I have blood clots in both sides of my lungs. So that was sort of one of those moments where it's like, man, can I still play football? Like what does this mean? And pretty much working with the doctors like for five months you're ready, go on blood thinners. And I thing is blood thinners is If you take a shot to the head or if You get cut, you run the risk of internal bleeding. Yeah. Or just bleeding out in general. So it's extremely dangerous for a contact sport, which was tough. What they ended up doing is blood, blood thinners for about five to six months. Was able to play at my sophomore year, got about the halfway point of my season, had the same sort of things going, can't breathe well, coughing, mucus, et cetera.


And they rushed me to the hospital again just to be safe. And they're like, Hey, you have blood clots again. And at that point my career was completely over in my mind. Like the doctors have told me, If you have blood clots two times, you'll never play football again. It's not safe. Like we won't allow it. And you know, through the grace of God, I had some people in my corner, university of Tennessee that just blew me across the country. And we went to the Cleveland Clinic where met with some doctors that looked at my scans, looked at all of our tests, And it was just like, you don't have blood clots again, man, it looks like you have residual scar tissue in your lung from the first case. So that was like breakthrough, Right? Oh wow, Wow. Yeah. So that, that's how close it was. Like I didn't, I almost didn't take that trip because I was pretty much done. I was like, I'll get the coaching player engagement.


But when I got that news, it sort of opened everything up to where I ended up going to a blood clotting specialist in North Carolina where he created a health plan that never done this work football before where I took blood thinner every single day of the week except for Friday morning. And I would just wake up and play on Saturdays. So that means no practice, no contact, no training camp. I would literally just be vibing out doing cardio, watching film as much as I can. We just go playing on Saturdays. So it was, holy cow, it was a crazy experience. But you know, my junior year was able to play the entire season, decided to stay at Tennessee because I made a promise to my deceased mom, TTA Smith that I would get my degree and I play in the NFL one day.


So I kept my promise to mom nice man. Say my senior season and finish it out and then the draft is here. I'm like, hell yeah. What I'm saying, let's get paid, you know? Man, what a rollercoaster that had to be, bro. Yo, That Is wild. So was there, is there like a condition that causes your blood to clot in certain ways? Or is this just like a unfortunate, like unlucky one-off thing? Yeah. So you got either provoked or unprovoked blood clots. Yeah, mine was unprovoked. They tried looking at all parts of my body to figure out like where it's originate, you know, a lot of times you have a surgery, You get hit a certain way, et cetera, like pop up. Nothing happened to me that would caused it. And genetic testing didn't show up anything definitively as well.


Wow, man. Yeah, man. Because I remember hearing about this when you were coming out, like even in the Eagles building, I remember guys talking about like, yeah, he's got this thing with like, I thought it was your heart. I didn't know it was blood clots. I knew there was something going on, but I remember that was something that all the teams were thinking about. How If you didn't have that, where do you think you would've been drafted? Oh Six. Overall what I'm saying? No, I, I would think like, I like to think first round, but in second round, the third probably worst case scenario, sorry, around that. That is wild. And now no issues, like you haven't had anything in the NFL. Yeah. Nothing at all, brother. You know? Gosh, That, that is amazing. Nothing at All. No, man.


Yeah, that is a, that is outstanding. Back to draft day though, when did, so still you went back, had had your junior year at Tennessee, where were you on draft day and, and and Who was it that gave you the call? Yeah man, so I was in Jackson and I talked to my agents and they're pretty much saying, you know, we don't think you'll be a first round with the medical history, but you're gonna go second round in like third round. I was like, worst case scenario, but you'll get drafted. So day one, pretty good amount of families there. I'm like, Hey, appreciate y'all, I'm playing the game tonight. Like I'm not getting drafted. So on. Yeah, I'm playing. What's the Rocket league? The car? Dude, that Game is league With the boys. With the boys.


I, I don't wanna sidestep it, but this is what I love about Rocket League. It's only like four buttons. I can't do all these games with all these buttons now just gimme like two buttons to screw around and try and score goal. All right, go ahead. Sorry. Yeah man. No, you good. So I'm on rock lead with the homies, man, we're chilling, just doing our thing and pretty much first round goal was, all right, cool. Day two I'm sitting in the bedroom like, all right, this is the day I'm about to get drafted. And You know, I was like, I, I'll pay attention to it. And this year was COVID year, so they had like a little, if you're considered like a top guy, they sent you a whole camera, equipment and like thing for your house. So I had mine set up in my living room. I'm sitting on the couch with my family and pick after pick after pick after pick after pick. Second round goes third round.


Just like, okay, I'm gonna go back to the lock league. Yeah, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna play the game. I'm just gonna take my mind off of it for sure. You know, that third round came And it went and I remember just being like, damn, like you know what happened, you know, and being a little upset and talking to my dad and he just sort of reassures me and calls me down a little bit. So day three goes, I wake up a little bit late, you know, no phone call or anything. I get a call from a, a former head coach that I knew from recruiting and he's pretty much saying, Hey, I can't believe you're here man, I remember you in high school. You were number one, blah blah. He is like, Hey, we're gonna take you to this next draft pick. It's like in the fifth row. So I'm thinking, okay, I'm gonna watch this one. I'm about to get picked. I, he picks somebody else and he calls me right back.


But the minute after is just like, hey, sorry I had to do this political blah blah. Look, what we're gonna do is we're gonna fly you in as an undrafted free agent. We'll get a si we'll get you signed, we'll get all this stuff taken care of you and pops like, don't worry about it. And so I'm not, I'm not really, I'm not pissed. I'm just like, Hey man. Like it didn't go the way I thought. Like I say it another year for this and you know, all this stuff I went through like I thought I was gonna get drafted, but yeah, I got an opportunity, right? I just wanted an opportunity man for you just giving a shot, man for gimme, gimme a foot in the court basically. So it was funny enough like five minutes later I learned it was on the game again. So Rocket League is like the theme of the story. Yeah, I'm back on Rocket League. We should really be thanking all the coaches 'cause you got to play more Rocket League.


Like If you put draft in the first round, you're missing on two days playing Rocket League. Right. So basically, man, like five minutes later I get a call, the ID says Kansas City. I swear like, you know, it's a doctor on the phone. I believe it was Dr. Martin Manco, I believe it was. And he had, he had interviewed me prior about the medical info and Doc was on the phone just like, Hey man, I I told you, I called you like all happy. I was like, the hell do you want in my mind? Right? Yeah. Like, what's this about? Yeah. I'm like another, so I, I just answered And it like, yo, what up? He's just like, oh, well we're gonna make you a newest member of the Kansas City Chiefs. And I was just like, what's this dude talking about? And so then when Mr. Hunt answered the phone, it was like, Hey Trey, this is square cut.


How are you doing? And I'm like, oh, this is real. I was like, oh, lemme, lemme sign Up. You guys post me with the team doc. I can't wait to be down there. And then, you know, Brent Beach, coach Reed, Andy Hack, you know, talked to all of them. And then it was just like, whoa, whoa. I just got drafted, man. And my sister was in the living room. She was the only one left in the house. So I'm running hugging her in the living room. We're both freaking out together, like crying. And then I call my dad, I'm like, dad, you won't believe this Kansas City just drafted me. He is like, son, I love you. I'm so proud of you and I'll, I'll be home in 10 minutes. I'm bringing chicken tenders for lunch. Yeah. That's a hell of a celebration. Yeah, Man. So my, my draft story wasn't perfect perfection, but I love it man.


Like I have so much gratitude the way it went down, man. Oh yeah. To help moment who I am today. Yeah. Shout out to Ashley for being in the room. Still there with I I was about to say, a lot of people don't know this. Ashley welcome me to the, to broadcasting in the NFLI met, I met your sis out there. She was awesome at the broadcast bootcamp. Yeah. I mean, just eat some chicken turns and go back to playing Rocket League. Right, exactly. You just got draft in the NFL. Exactly. I re I remember because we had that was, I mean, you look back on it, that was a great draft for us. I mean obviously we got Big Creed who you learned to, you know, create the beast with and the interior with and everything. But that was a hell of a draft. And I remember everyone kept mentioning, Hey man, we gotta steal, we gotta steal.


They got the g the guy, we, I don't know how he dropped the six. I don't know how he dropped, but we got him. And, and everyone's saying he is, I mean the, the hos are giving him the thumbs up. Everybody said, and bro, when you walked in the building and I saw how big of a human being You are, Bro. I was like, what This Good job Doc. This is the No Way. Little did I know how, how much you would grow as a, as a player your first year and just be, be the Enforcer that you are. But man, I I, when I heard everybody talking about we gotta steal, we gotta steal. And Veach was over here like, I think, You know, I think we got a guy, I think we got, he was just over there getting, being bread and having a blast. Talking about Yeah, exactly.


Everybody was I playing worked, our plan Worked and we found a way to get you in the field. Man, that shit was fun. Yeah. No, I was fired up man. What Was your first impression of Big Andy Reed? Man? Oh dude, it was, so I played the mad, it was a Madden oh six where like he's in the front and he has like, it's like that one That's crazy. Talking about, as a kid, that was the very first Madden game I ever had. What first football game ever. That's crazy. Huge. Like end of the game, super Bowl situ, whatever it is. And like Coach Res on the sideline, like stop like reading this call sheet. Like, so that was my first taste of Andrew reading my life. So getting to the Chiefs and I remember, you know, it was COVID once again, so everything was sort of different set up.


We were in the indoor facility and he was on at I guess Zoom or Microsoft Teams, whatever we use. And he's just breaking down a play And it just like, damn, like that's Andy Reeb bro really is like talking to him. You know, coach Reed has like a way of making you comfortable like messing with you, bro. And it, it, it was dope dude. Like, I was sitting there in disbelief really like, man, I'm really, I'm here. 'cause like part of it is I watched you guys win the Super Bowl in Miami. I was with Dustin Colwin and his buddies in Miami. Oh, oh wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Through a, through a You were in Miami? Yeah, through the University of Tennessee. They sent me down there. So I worked the event was like ushering people around. Coco and his buddies like, found me. They're like, ah, come with us.


So I watched Gary. Yeah. So I watched again. So like for me it was surreal where it's like, what, 2019 I'm watching y'all win it. And then in 2021 here I am, walked through the doors and I remember being at that game saying, man, how cool would it be to go play for them one day? Oh yeah. And that's like the funny thing, how God worked. Like here I'm two years later. That's awesome Man. Absolutely. That is Awesome man. What were your first impressions of Trav? Like, Oh shit, everybody Remembers the first time they meet Trav. That's a, that's a, that's a hard one to forget usually. Just crazy energy bro. I was like, oh, he's off. I love this guy. You know, I was like just saying stuff, but like, bro, I was like, the one thing that I love, it was like early, it might have been against the Browns bro.


Like it might, my first game you scored a touchdown. I like tackled you like lapping your helmet in the end zone 'cause you're just psycho, bro. Oh, I remember that. Going fucking nuts. You know what I mean? Like, I love it. So anytime Travis getting the guys going, I'm just saying, yeah, I'm feeling it, bro. Let's get this thing rolling. So yeah, for me, my dog trap, I mean I think the one thing that I can speak about, especially as like a six hour trap, big young guy was just how kind you were, bro. And you don't have to be that way. And how you really care for people when you're not afraid to give out your heart, right? So I think that's the part that stood out to me where it's like, man, you look at your career trajectory you're on and who you are as a human being, but like, you still make the time for people.


You still care for people. And to me that that's to the person and that to me, that was really the biggest saying. Like, man, you never, you never mistreated me or just sort of wrote me off for anything. It was always just like I known for years, man, I appreciate it. Dog means the most coming from me, brother. Yes sir. Yeah. The best of yet to come though, baby. Let's go. Fired me up, man. Alright, Let's, let's talk Pat Maol. Let's go into that. Yeah, bro. Yeah, let's talk some Pat Mahomes, man. What is, what is it like blocking for a old Patrick Levon Mahomes ii? Man, it was a tough transition outta college boy. Like, I wasn't used to somewhat extending the plays like that, making somehow nothing.


Like for me, I struggled so much with just sustaining the block, man. Coach heck used to get on me every day about not letting the egg timer in your head go off. Like he's, he's one of the best acci players ever do it. Like you're gonna have to just drive and drive. So for me, man, it was difficult at the beginning, but then like, I think The best part about it is just watching this greatness And it iss not like the big moments per se. It's like little stuff he does in practice. Like how the hell he throw that ball? How do he throw in a preseason? Remember what game, what, what play was it where he did it Around the back To you Behind? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Like that's the greatness where it's like, who the hell is gonna be able to do this other than Him. He made me look so good on that play, knowing damn well that I was the one that fucked up the play to where he had to do something spectacular to make it look good and yeah, no, you already know.


Yeah. As one of a kind in that regard, man, it's a do you just, do you just in your mind you have this like, I don't know, I, I feel like I have like a ti like a like a timing mechanism of like the first play. Like, all right, the ball should be out by now. It's almost like, all right, there's, there could be two forms of this play. So it's like the initial play and then, all right, I gotta, as soon as those like three to four seconds are up, now I need to refocus Regear do something else. Do like, do you have the like secondary like play, like the, the possibilities of it? Ha is it always in your mind during like past plays? Yeah, I definitely think so.


It, it depends. A lot of times I play action game, especially with, so like a, a gap scheme type pass or anything like that. Like for me it's just like, I know I'm gonna have a double team, I'm looking to help. Right. And a lot of times with Patman he's just gonna keep extending and extending and extending and a lot of times If you really just hold on bro, he's gonna make up a huge happen. So for me, I, I agree with you're saying where it's like on paper it might be like it should be do boom, but then sometimes it might be do do, do down, You know, I Mean Yeah. That, that's the greatness. That's almost magic stuff. Like you just gotta adjust with it, bro. You just gotta adjust. That's Well, and Pat's even more, like there's all sorts of quarterbacks that are mobile that'll extend plays. Pat do does it up the middle more than any quarterback I've ever seen.


Like most quarterbacks will either go if they're right-handed to the right, if they're left-handed, they'll have a tendency to go to the left. Pat will see like a split front, like a two, three technique front. And If it third and medium, he almost is like predetermined in his head that he's gonna take off and go get the first down right up the gut. I've seen him do it multiple times. Yep. Are you at the point now where you kind of anticipate stuff like that? Or is it still like who knows what's about to happen? I think I'm still at that point sometimes where it's hard to feel it. Yeah. But I think like during the season, especially when he gets in this tenancy box a little bit, like, I'm like, okay, I know last week he did this way, I got a hold a little bit stronger to the inside. 'cause like I know he's gonna be right here if so and so happens, you know, if he gets flushed in a certain way and based on This ERs their rush teams too sometimes we know like they're trying to flush it a certain direction.


So I gotta be a little bit firmer for sure. I I would say it's just adapting to him, but I think the main thing is always knowing that like, passion's gonna do something crazy back there. You know? I mean like, you just gotta figure it out on the fly, bro. But I, I will say last year I really tried Justin A. Little bit more, get a little bit inside. That's cool. And I feel like sometimes it's even just like a feel like you don't know why you let go at a specific time. Yeah. As an offensive lineman, my biggest concern is getting a holding call. You're blocking a dude, you got a great block on and all of a sudden the quarterback scoots out, he reaches to grab him and you're, you think you're doing your job great and all of a sudden there's a yellow flag by your feet. Yeah. Worse ever. But then you play with guys like that for a while and then you like, almost like feel the d lineman doing that and you like learn to kind of just like let go.


Not that it works every time like that, but it's, there's a feel for it for sure. I don't Know. Yeah, it's an art bro. It is tough. Like you said there, there is like a little feel to that I love nuance to it where you just, you know, it's time. Has Pat ever made a play to where you got so excited you wanted to like fucking just like trap block and just like, just got you so excited or like you wanted to just Fuck Like you remember the replacements? How the, how the, like the linebacker would always do just like too much. He would always like want to headbutt the fuck outta somebody. Has Pat ever made you like go into that excitement and just like, yeah. Yeah, but I got a couple plays in my, one of them bro was, we played Tampa Bay and Tampa when he spun off.


I think Devin White for that bro. I'm just, yeah. I'm like, This guy's an animal that was an animal And it was like tiptoeing on the sideline and then just threw it lyde in the back of the Air zone fan on Target, bro. That was one. Yeah, like a flip past. I've been like a year or two or something. I guess Denver, I wanna say it was the Jet or something. Jet might have taken it for to the house, but it was like just a little flick. Like I remember Wiley, Wiley used to get JT and Wiley though because JT gets fired up too. Juwan is like the Most chill cat I've ever met in my life until Once we get rolling. Oh yeah. He's a next village Wiley.


He, there are a couple times I'm like, we score or anything like that. I'm like, pat, this Wiley would just attack me. It just beat the hell outta me. I'm just like, let's go. Wild dude. But yeah, there have been a couple times where I'm like, pat, and you're that dude like you're that. But it's hard to even grab it because he takes off the soul. It's like slow Down. Oh, that's great.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking with Allstate first. Like, You know, to check if you're, you know, have cash in your pocket first before you're rushing out to catch the ice cream truck. Mm. They don't take credit Now. No. They don't. Like, you know, to check you have your headphones before You get on a plane at the airport. Like, You know, to check if the grills got charcoal first before friends come over for backyard barbecue. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings Vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company in Phillies, Northbrook, Illinois


With Amex Gold you can make Dining Out before the big event, a big event. Hey you made it, it's been so long and earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year. And if you're running late, no problem. Oh, we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in Tide to catch the big win. That's the powerful backing of American Express Card member entrance access, not limited to Amex Gold card terms apply. Learn more at American Express dot com slash with amex.


Thank you to our partner DRAFT KINGS basketball fans. I know you're out there. Guess what? The wwn BA season is heating up just in time for summer. From buzzer beaters to breakout stars, every game is bringing the energy. There's no better time to get in on the action with our partners at Draftking Sports book. Right now, new customers who bet $5 will get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Damn, that's a lot of free cash. Whether you're backing your favorite team or following rising talent, don't miss a minute. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and sign up using promo code New Heights. The crown is yours. Stay in on the action and use your $150 in bonus bets on DraftKings same game parlays for a shot at an even bigger payout and combine multiple bets together for the same game. Enjoy the thrill of live betting DraftKings has your cover bet Live in-game progress Right now as it happens. If sports betting is not yet available in your state, don't worry. You can still join in on all the fun with DraftKings. Pick six and have the shot to win cash prizes. Download the DRAFT KINGS Sports book app now and new customers use promo code New Heights. Jason bet. Just $5 on any wager and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. That's promo code. New Heights only at DRAFT KINGS sports GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open own or access an advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where Dkng horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in a place of $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only Must win to share $1 million Cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dkng horse.com/bet/offers/details.


You wanna talk some wrestling? Yeah, let's talk a little wrestling brother. Little wrestling. Little wrestling brother. Big WW fan. You are WrestleMania. Last year in Philly when Jason got in the range. Oh really? Yep. Did you, you were in, You were at Okay with the Jason coming out and the Timms and the Theor, Then The Luc, the Ray Mysterio Dude. Who Were your, who were your guys growing up In wwe? Yeah. I love Randy Orton. John Cena was a, was a big wine. Triple H. Yeah, we wine. But Kofi Kingson. I used to love Kofi. Yeah. Kingson. I'm not Probably like the undertaker. So a little, a little generic but like man all those are my guys.


But You know, I love John Cena. I had the little, the wristband walker up bro. Legend man. You were that era right after like us, like I remember when we were growing up it was the attitude era. Is that still the attitude era with John CN in them? Or is that a different era? I always give them arrows mixed up. It's Like the tail, it's like the tail end of it I think. Yeah. Yeah. Like for us it was like stone cold the wild Because he still had that personality. Mankind. It was still called the WWE F when we were like really growing up and then it had just transitioned to wwe. If you were gonna build an NFL roster out of WWE, let's just say wrestling superstars, anybody from any era, what is your ultimate NFL roster looking like?


Let's start with the, let's start with the quarterback. Who are we going with? Damn, this is tough. Go ahead. Let's hear it For qp. Go ahead and give me this. No surprise. Gimme C Punk. Ooh. So you, you want somebody good at promos? You want somebody to get delivering promos for? Okay, there we go. C punk. These Don't get a dime. Alright, let's start on with lineman bro. Alright. Mark Henry I one the hard spots. He let's go. Yeah, Gimme the big show. Either tackle, gimme the Great Collie at either tackle. Okay, Great. Cali. Yeah, we're gonna program around a little bit of power in Gian all. Here we go. What about, what about Andre the Giant?


Where's he fitting in way Back then too? My All time. All time. All time. Req the giant and won the tackles. We're talking just big six seven footers all Yeah exactly. We got the In the world's strongest man at center now There you. Oh okay. There we go. There we go. Running back. Oh my goodness. Gimme Ray Mysterio. Just Ray. That's What I'm talking about. We're not going for a lot of crazy so we need them to get the gaps. Just, there's gonna be a lot of big guys up front. Just squeeze in and just, Just find, yeah, He's gonna be like Darren Sproles. You're gonna be like Darren SPRs. You're gonna hide behind the line and then just people And say exactly. They're getting ball by the great Collie. There you go. Spinning it up wide receiver wise.


That's where I'm gonna struggle. What About tight end? What do you think? Tight end. Because that's a definite like WWE e position. I think every tight end is a wrestling fan. It feels like, I'm Just trying to think of somebody, man, I'm blanking Right now. You think? Do you think John's seen us fast? John C don't think he's fast. To be fair though, I don't, I don't think many wrestlers are fast. Fast. I don't think that's what they go to wrestling for. They the the ring is only so big. Yeah, I think John Cino will figure it out. A tight end. I think that's a good one. Good Cino. More of a block inside man. If, if that's your lineman size it would be proportionate for John to be a table. Gimme John. Alright, gimme John. Who we going for?


Robert C. John C. Why receiver? Put me gimme qui. Okay. Give you our truth. Give you our truth. Okay. Our truth man, you're taking it. I don't even know these guys. I was thinking like a Jeff Hardy or like one of the Hardy brothers flying off the top rope with the hair Like a triple H or This team is running the fuck outta the ball. Triple H is the wide receiver. Yeah, I was just saying we're gonna run this block. We're gonna run that block dog. What about the rock? Who's the rock? The rock could play tight end or receiver or Yeah, I mean you can put the rocket at tight end. I mean honestly bro, it be, be crazy. Put more swat on. Wide receiver putting that select.


There We go. Yeah, we'll figure it out. There we go All Out there. That's fucking, I think that's a Pretty good roster. I, I would be interested Disrupt. That's what the XFL should have just done. They should have tried to get football players. They should have just done this. Send these guys out there. See how Yeah, see how they go. That's right. Who would be your tag team partner If you ever were to join the wwe? Ooh. Without a doubt, without fault, without question. Creed, huffy Creed. He's your tag team in the NFL. Why wouldn't you be the tag team in in You guys and I are taking him down. What would your tag team name be? You guys got a team name Ebony and Ivory.


Put it on a t-shirt. Put it on a t-shirt. Put It on a t-shirt. Oh that is funny. That's good. Oh my gosh. That's good. That's great. How did It come to you so quick? Man, that was gold. Got lucky man. God damn. Ebony and Ivory man. That is Electric telling you. Woo. Alright big dog. Let's, let's get to this last segment man. I don't even know how to transit This ERs no to in that. That's gonna be the best thing. Oh man. Ebony and Ivory forever man. This ERs our last segment. We always close out the, the interviews with.


We gotta ask but you don't have to answer. You can tell us to fuck off on any of these questions or you can just give us a quick answer man. Let's start it off with what is your ideal Casey barbecue plate? Ooh, Okay. Ideal place come from from Jacks stack. I'm not getting lamb, ribs man. I don't know why, but they have the best Lamb. Ribs. You say lamb, ribs, lamb, Rib. I'm to get in on these. I Had these, is that different than like lamb chops? Like what is the They just don't cut 'em up or What? Yeah, it's just like the rib part of the lamb. So like they do a dry rub season on it, but like super tender mat decent ma of the ball. I tell you Right now, time I do like lamb. Lamb is great. Okay. Alright. Alright. I did not expect that from a Tennessee guy.


I did not expect lamb, ribs. I did not. Lemme do the full regional. So I'm gonna do land, land from KC and burn. So two from there, right? I'm also gonna show a ton of love to Texas. I want half a pound of brisket. At least. At least. And that I want beef rib. A little piece of beef rib. All right. Beef Rib is the best. That's my favorite. Oh, love beef rib. And then finally closing it out for Memphis. That's where I'm do my pork. So pork ribs, pull pork. Yeah. Even like a barbecue chicken like that. That's my, that's my seed down there. So, so, so everything. Bread and love. I can't pick one. What about sides? Where are we going? Sides. Oh, I gotta have mac and cheese. Baked beans. Gimme slaw.


Slaw. Slaw. Dessert slaw. I think I know where youre going with dessert For sure. I think the, the proper dessert's always gonna be like a peach cobbler. Oh. Or banana pudding. I Thought you were going banana pudding. That's bargo all day. I'm, yeah. I gotta ask you this 'cause we talked about this last week. When you think of barbecue, do you think of the Midwest or do you think of down south? I think down south. Bail ba. But to be fair, Tennessee, Tennessee is the Midwest, to be fair. No it's not. Tennessee is the Midwest back. No, I'll mess you. No, This ERs is south Salt brother. It's still down south To the original 13 colonies. I'll give you that. Yeah. Today's day and age, I mean it's right next to us.


It is Exactly, It's close. If Ohio is the Midwest, It really makes no sense that Ohio was in the Midwest, right? Like I don't, it's on the eastern side of the country. It's, I it's never made sense to me either way. And then Tennessee's in the middle of the country. It's not down south. It's like smack dab in the middle. Yeah, We gotta, It doesn't make sense. Talking more about food. You won the Kelsey jam wing eating contest by a landslide. It wasn't even fucking close. Easy. So time out. What is this? 'cause I've, I've dabbled in a wing in the contest. What was this? How many Wings? What was the time? I think it was like a minute. I don't even remember. It wasn't that long.


It Wasn't a minute. It wasn't long. The dude you guys put me up against was a scrub man. Yeah. He didn't have, I don't know how, I think he won a contest to get into it. I don't even think he just won like a raffle. Like he got pulled out of the, I don't even know if he like eight Wings like that. Yeah, but it was still, it was still fucking as hell. What was the competition? How, what was the, do you remember It's winging contest? Yeah. Who the most, I know it was a minute Winging competition. Travis. Trey. What was the, what was the, what was the deal? It was a wing stop deal. They had probably like 20 Wings in a container and just as many as you could eat and then like fill it up in the same, so I think the time was a minute though. It, it wasn't very long. How many did You get down in a minute?


Well, I could have gotten more, but based on his tempo, I was just like, He was just chilling over like you were Cruise. This is getting this crazy. I Probably put, I think I put down trial like seven, five or Something easy. It was easy. It was, yeah. Okay. So have you ever heard of Wing Bowl? Trey Did. Did. So Wing Bowl was is a, Phil was a Philadelphia contest. They used to have and the local radio station put it on because the Eagles were never in the Super Bowl. So the Wing Bowl was always the same time as the Super Bowl. Yeah. They did it at Wells Fargo. It was Shenanigans goal. It was at seven in the morning. People would Be drinking the night before, Before on a Friday. They would tailgate all fucking, It was legendary. There was all sorts of, you wouldn't be able to do it again because there was like all sorts of strip clubs and other things involved in it.


But there was, there were like local was insane. There were local superstars that developed into these large and left characters. Anyways, I competed one year in it and the way the contest worked, it was 14 minutes. 14, one round of 14 minutes. Then there was elimination a second round of 14 minutes. An elimination and then a speed round of two minutes. So 30 minutes. Overall you have to eat Wings. Whoa. What? I ate 65 Wings in the first 14 minutes. I'm thinking I'm killing it. 65. I thinking, I'm Like, I just, he got fucking smoked. I was out in the first round. Not even close. The woman who holds the record at Wing Bowl get, take a guess at how many Wings the winner of Wing Bowl won with.


This is insane. This is a 30 minute timeframe. Keep in mind, 30 minutes. How many Wings do you think she got down in 30 minutes? She, If you aint 65 and got E lo, I mean it's gotta be like touching like a hundred right Bro, keep going. Well I'm not talking about the first round. This is all three rounds, which like she had over 200 in the first round. I'll give you that In the first round. He got fucking smoked by Brandon. Brandon Brandon, look up the record for Wing Bowl. Look up Wing Bowl record. Molly Skyler. Do you have a picture of this legend too? Like She's a beast. She's a beast. She's a, she's, I think she's from Omaha or something like that.


She's just this tiny woman. Oh they, Molly Skyler Flew in the ringer. They flew in a ringer from, she qualified Omaha. She qualified, she ate like 10 pounds of This was a legit Deal. Yeah. To qualify to get into the deal. No, this is like a big prize. It was a big D big event. Brandon, what was the, do you, can you look this up Brandon? They Deleted all information from the Wing Bowl because of what they were doing inside that stadium. She ate 4 55 in the first 28 minutes. That's unbelievable. That can't be real. 501 30 minutes. It's 501 set by Miley Skyler at Wing Bowl 2016. That was how many, how crazy is that though? 501 Wings. I mean that's unbelievable. That's, and that you've seen Cumberly possible.


Listen, I've seen, I've seen Trey Smith fill up a few to go boxes Every Thursday night. Dude. Thursday nights. This is What the Pro Bowl missing. Kansas. The city, the Pro Bowl shouldn't be playing flag. It should have an offensive lineman wing eating competition. I wanna see which offensive lineman in the NFL can eat the most Wings. I'm with it. Yeah, I'd buy that ticket. Yeah, I, I'd fucking buy that ticket. Kingsley And I have a challenge 'cause Kingsley said he is eating 80 in one sitting. So What Kingsley's doing? What? Kingsley's a good guard. I like, I like, I like him sliding into guard then. Yeah. Thursday nights are always my favorite after meetings because it's wing night in in the facility.


You can go in there and everybody they listen. The Kansas City chefs let give it to give to Them. Yes. They put together a spread of like five to six different flavors and they just keep bringing them out. They just keep bringing out. And when I tell you, everybody's just sitting there cracking jokes, having a good old fucking time just smashing them. And then you see Trey walking out fucking three boxes dude. Good times baby. Good times man. The worst part is getting the peanut on the way back home. Oh Jason, I'm telling you gotta stop through the peanut at least one time before like next time you're in KC man It's like three minutes from the crib man.


I walk to, I'm In. You go to the one downtown or do you go to the One Round Plaza Downtown location. Oh yeah. It's classy mess. It. It got so bad that every time I so in there on Thursday, like, oh the usual or I'll call, they'll be like, Hey is this Trey? I'm like, yeah, I we'll see you about 10 minutes. Ha We got you dog. Yeah, We got you. We'll make 'em fresh for you. Big guy. Next question. O line Mount Rushmore. Who you putting on it? Ooh, whoa. Top four O lineman in NFL history. Golly, we're putting me on the spot dude. I gotta put Larry Allen in there. Rest in peace. Larry Ally for me. Larry Allen Baby. Like everyone wants to be as strong as Larry but no one's Charlotte, Larry, no one has the same ability to Larry And Deceptively athletic.


That one play of him hawking down the interception. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I thought I was gonna one those two Moving. Yeah. Fuck. Oh no I'm not Larry. Okay Dude. I wanna put in Jackie Slater. Yeah. Okay. Nice man. He's so mc mad for like 20 plus years. Coach Jack has always talked about him and just look at his story. He is awesome. This is a personal one of mine. I I want to put, I wanna put Joe Thomas in there. Joe t You say personal. Why is that a personal one for you? Like what is Just Like that was a dude I used to watch a ton in high school and Hell yeah.


I didn't have a guy like La Charles Bentley at the time told me, Hey, you're not Charles. I did not Joe Thomas the fuck were you watching Joe Thomas. So dude early age. So he, he set me straight pretty fast. God put Will Shields in there. That's a great, Hey man, that's a damn not Rushmore right there. That is damn Right there baby. Yep. Yeah Joe, dude, I I love that you put Joe in there. I mean one of the most underrated if that's possible. Like the guy didn't miss a snap for like 10 years. Can you think about, I mean how outrageous that is on top of just Being he just not miss a snap. He was out there bawling Yeah. The entire time. Not miss a snap and didn't miss a snap when they were like oh and 15.


Yeah. The one year and he's like, yeah, I'm still gonna go out here and do my job 'cause that's what I get paid to do. That's makes so Great man. That's what makes us so Damn. Yeah, he's a legend man. Hall of fame beef. He's got a farm. Dude, Think about how crazy it is. He didn't miss a snap and not one of those snaps was a playoff snap. Could you imagine? I don't even know why I'm making that connection, but it's just out, it's just outlandish to me. Alright, Whatever. Sorry. I'm sure he loves hearing that. Yeah, I know I'm an idiot. I should have said that. Alright, whatever. Who's the toughest guy you've ever had to block one-on-one? Aaron Donald. Yeah. Ad What what about somebody unheralded, maybe somebody the media wouldn't expect? I would say Malik Collins who was just recently with the 49 ERs. Dude, I, I played him when he was young in Dallas and got to watch him get a lot better over his tenure there.


And I agree there's something about the, like he, you could tell he's smart and he's like, he's ahead of like what he wants to do and I love that answer. Malik is a great player. Where's he at now you said where? He's 49 ERs but I don't know if he's there again this upcoming year. Yeah, he, he started in Dallas. I think he With the Texans the first time I played him. Then He went to, yep. Then he went to Houston and then the 49 ERs probably. Great answer. Love that answer. Why do you, is there a reason? I just think for his size, his ability to move the way he does and like you said, you can tell that he's anticipating like what he's gonna do for his moves, You know, I mean he's sort of setting something up every time and like generally guys that size are gonna have the ability to move the way he does and just like he is very proficient with his hands as well.


So I always felt like he was a guy that he doesn't have the quote unquote like namesake and the accolades, but he's one of those dudes where you go to sleep on a man, you're gonna have a long ass day. Like he really embarrass you fast. Yeah man, I just respected him man. I really respect Him. That's awesome. Love that answer man. I gotta ask you, this is made me think of our guy friend of the friend of the family, friend of the show. We gotta actually get him on the show soon, but Colin Saunders, How Was it Going up against Sir Bank on Monday night, sir? B Man this past year, man. Yeah, it it Was cool playing. He Probably wasn't talking right? He didn't talk much. Right. That one was locked in that He was, he was locked in.


He was locked in. Nah, it was cool. Say Base man Colin was probably one of, he's gonna go down as one of my favorite teammates I've ever had Of all time. This Great dude, man, but funny, Unbelievably funny man. It's always gonna be a good time around Bank man. But that shit's funny as hell. Was it? I I was gonna say, I, I can see him being locked in when, whenever I came across him on the field, but you already know he's such a funny guy and such like a, I don't wanna say a class cloud, but he's here to have a good time while we get business done, you know what I mean? And he's got that championship work ethic and everything, but it, it's, it's just, it, I don't know why it's hard for me to see some guys take it that serious and for whatever reason, I mean I saw it but it, I it Just had to feel Different for you going up against him as a saint instead of just In practice and stuff.


Yeah, it, it definitely was a weird feeling those first couple plays, but I think the biggest thing is just like for me Larry, that like man if your buddy makes a play on you, it makes you look bad. It's gonna be even worse. So like you, you can never, nah, he Already know. I know too. Middle Play big, chill, chill. You know I, you know, you gotta, you gotta be on your p and Qs man. Speaking of going against guys in practice, what's it like to go up against Chris Jones? What was that first one-on-one like Yeah he gave me my welcome to the NFL moment Like that. Like that go Be our next question. You gotta tell a little about it. Oh gosh. Yeah man. Going against Chris like obviously you know the caliber player he is you know as a rookie coming into it and I just remember like just being overwhelmed a little bit like St Joe's, the sure volume of plays you gotta learn, it's hot as hell like they're riding you every day and then here you are blocking this all pro so like best games tackle in NFL, like good luck Brooke, like figuring all this out, you know?


And you know for me it was just getting whooped repetitively towards like okay I'm learning okay this works against some where I can't, I can't play 'em like this but like I feel like the so mind to it all was I understand that as I go through the season I'm not going to play Chris Jones. Yeah. Every single week. Yeah, every Single week. Like I might face like maybe one but there's only one Chris Jones, you know what I mean? Yeah, exactly. So like for me it's like understanding how to block him but then also the lessons like I'm over here, you know riding it's like a long drive drill. We're like play 13, he got subbed out, he's back in and I throw a right hand and he slaps it down beats when he's like Pat hips and he just comes back, he's like, Hey look here Wil, you gotta get that hand outside, you know You can throw that.


He gonna come over his sweet talk Too shallow And he just gonna laugh. I'm Like what's t going on Bro? Trey, I've been trying to tell you you Can't be doing that. I never Mississippi accent man. Yeah I Love, I love him though man. Like I really, I, I'm so happy I get to go against that type of player every time 'cause I know once again it just prepares me bro. I'm not gonna see that all the time and you know, just like that iron sharpens iron right? I wanna be able to go against the best. So like sure he go time and the bulls start flying. I already see something like that. But actually you're not as good as him so lemme show what I got. Yeah, there ain't, you ain't gonna find too many people as good as him in the actual game. It's a good thing. You said practice. You like that?


Yeah, we saw him before he really started to develop a name the year we actually won the Super Bowl. I think it was one of his first games like start starting. Yep bro. We didn't really prepare for it, we just like, were like, oh like we're just playing like a three technique and like halfway through a game we're like who in the fuck is this guy? So like I was like God dang this guy and then we watched the rest of the season. He's killing everybody. It's like thank God it's not just us. This ERs do just really good. Nine, five. Man. That's fun. Trey, I think we're good dog. I appreciate you coming on giving us your time, your stories man.


Yes sir. Wish you the best when you already know going into a Minic camp man. We're gonna fucking turn this thing up. Get right back after it baby. Yes sir. I'll see you next week man. But appreciate you taking the time and jumping on and telling us all these fun ass stories man. Absolute. Yeah man. Appreciate y'all having me on. Pleasure You on Monday. You already know God. Back at it. Alright, that wraps up another episode. New Heights. Thank you to True Smith man. My dog. What a legend. Such a cool story too man. And he's only adding on to it, man. I don't know what hits harder the way he plays football or his personality. God, He's lovable you ain lying. That's my guy right there. All righty.


Make sure you're subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcasts. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Once again, New Heights of Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment and brought to you by Hellmans. Get ready Trav, get ready, follow the show And all social media ad New Heights Show with one s for fun clips throughout the week. Thanks to our production and crew. And thank you to those 92 percenters for really laying into my hatred towards mayonnaise. 'cause now you just put me in a do a predicament that I never wanted to be in. Love you guys. Ha Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever You get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify today. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey, it's Mr. Ballin here and I am so excited to tell you all about a podcast from Ballin Studios called Redacted Declassified Mysteries and it's hosted by the incredible Luke Lamana. From covert government experiments to bizarre assassination attempts redacted dives deep into the astonishing true stories of uncovered secrets, lies, and deception within the world's most powerful institutions. Stories like the Mind-Bending Truth Behind Operation Paperclip were former Nazi scientists were smuggled into America to advance US technology and intelligence during the Cold War, or the shocking story of Charles Manson and the CIA revealing how a notorious cult leader might have been entangled in a web of covert operations. Trust me when I tell you the stories are real and the secrets are shocking. Be sure to follow redacted Declassified Mysteries with Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever else You get your podcasts. You can listen early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.