
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus, unlock access to exclusive episodes of the show. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify.


Today As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career? Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown, SES, the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


Who doesn't want to hear Relationship advice From a couple of knuckleheads? Would you like to help us on these? Oh, sure. For a first date, when you should know those red flags and when to look for the green flag. I don't know anything about red flag or green flag. Get yourself into position to look for the checkered flag. Welcome Back to New Heights, Ladies and gentlemen. A onery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by American Express. We're your host. I'm Travis Kelce, my big brother, Jason Kelsey outta Cleveland Heights, Ohio.


Cincinnati Bearcat alums. Get the uc Bearcats basketball team back on the winning streak here. All Right, now boys, oh yeah. Subscribe on YouTube. One Drink Plus, or wherever you get your podcasts. If Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s. Jason, we got a good one. You ain't even gotta tell him. I'll tell him we got a good one coming up. But tell 'em what we got coming up That we do. We've got a great guest before the playoffs get started. Why don't we take a look right here. Our guest today from the University of Southern California, winner of six Primetime Me awards, two ESP sps, an MTV award, movie award Best kiss winner, and the winner of the Mark Twain Prize for comedy.


You can see him in his critically acclaimed documentary, will and Harper on Netflix. Yes, sir. As well as his up and coming comedy with Reese Witherspoon. Your cordially invited, releasing January 30th. Oh, way 92. Percenters. It's buddy the Elf who got Ashley Schaefer. Ricky Bobby, Ron, Burgundy Chance Michael Michaels 92 Percenters Frank to take himself well here. Oh my God. So Epic. Best intro. Best intro ever. Best intro ever. I apologize if I just blew your ears out. Will. But, so No, No, that was soothing. I wanna, I'm gonna play that on a loop to fall asleep to.


It's gonna be like a sleep machine for me. Yeah, We are. If you can't tell, we are jazzed to have you. Dude, I gotta right Away. We saw this post on Twitter from the La Kings buddy. The Elf is officially in Hollywood. Look at the, can we pull this up, Brandon? Dude, this is so good. What is going, this is just, This is not a buddy El I remember this Like, this is just over the weekend, right. Buddy Elf Has been through some shit. What's Buddy? The Elf got laid off, I think No, from no, from the North Pole. Santa's Not Taking to Swig Smoking. Yep. That's, he's, He's he's having a pull from his beer. Smoking a smoking a cig.


Yeah. Just having through him time, That was just, I get these weird ideas every now and then. They're Golden man. I told my wife, because we, we we're season tickets holders to the La Kings. We have the nice, the seats right on the glass, which were amazing. Incredible. I like, gosh, over the break, You know, I I, it'd be funny if I just got like a buddy of the Elf costume and didn't shave for like a week. And So, And I'm just sitting there with like a candy cigarette. It's just a candy cigarette, and I'm just gonna like sit there for a period and see what, how people react. And that was it. The reaction was insane. We're like, what is he doing?


Is he promoting something? Is, but occasionally I just like to do weird things like that just to stir it up. Dude. It's the best. Yeah, it's the best. Well, have you always been a hockey fan? I knew, I know you've been following the Kings for a while now. But Yeah, I kind of, I was, I I, I remember there was, I grew up in Southern California and there was, there was a kid who moved into my neighborhood from Connecticut who played hockey. And we would play street hockey. We, we've played, this is sad. One-on-one, one-on-one street hockey. Does that even Exist? Dude, Are you kidding me? This is, this is all me and Jason used to do Oh, sure. Growing up, Of course. This is legit. We didn't have, we didn't have ice, so it was just with the little ball.


And this was running around a parking lot. Oh yeah. And then I, yeah, I was, I, I followed the Kings way back, way back when they had like the triple crown line of Marcel Dion, Dave Taylor. Ooh. Yeah. Charlie Simmer. Anyway, so you've Been in it for a while. Oh yeah, I've been watching. Yeah. I've, I've been the, and then they, then, then Of course they won a couple cups and that helped build the audience. And now, now they, now they draw. Really? Oh, look at that. I Got a little Wayne Great ski Jason, Jason got me this for Christmas. But Did you guys, did you guys play hockey as well with everything else you did? Oh yeah, We did. We were, that was probably the first one that we both fell in love with.


I would, I would. At least for me, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. No, same. It's a wonderful sport. It's fun. We, we both started it. Travis finished in high school playing basketball. I played hockey in high school. We used to play street hockey with that same ball you're talking about. Yeah. And one of the elementary schools, Roxbury Elementary, cut down the basketball hoops. Okay. But I, and you would think this would be a safety issue, but they left like the posts. They left the posts. Yeah. They just Cut the hoops down and If you hit the post, it was a goal. So we played pickup hockey all the time. Yeah. Just trying to hit the post to, and that's like how we played. Yeah. Yeah. It kind of, kind of an amazing sport. And I'm not gonna lie to you, there's some beautiful men out there who play hockey.


Gorgeous. As long as gorgeous. As long as they have their teeth in. Yeah. As long they have their teeth In. You know, don't take the dentures out. But Yeah, that was my, that was my, my latest kind of public stunt. While We're on the public stunts, we gotta pull up the, the, the shack. And at the staples, we gotta pull that one up. Oh, This is an all time That was classic. Oh my gosh. Look at that mustache. Yeah, that was another one. I had friends who gave me a Staples Secure Security guard outfit. And I snuck it into the building and then just pretended to be one of the security guys. So, wait, that was not, wait, the Staple.


So Staples was not a part of that one either. They had no idea and I was afraid. I uck it in good 'cause I was afraid they would stop me and go, where'd you get that uniform? That's contraband. Come with us. This is the list. Dude, That's amazing. So good. I just stood on the sound. Yeah. It turns out the other security guys, they were like, dude, I love it. Just don't stand on the court. You're good with us. You're good with us. And then I look down and Shaq happens to be at the game, unbeknownst, I just pick a random game and I look down and there's Shaq in the corner. He's rolling, he's laughing. So I stand up a couple times in between the breaks, I'm, and then I'm like, what do I, what else do I do with this?


I don't know. And then someone taps me on the shoulder and says, you know, during the next break, Shaq's ready to leave the game. Do you want to throw him out? You wanna throw him outta the game? So he, He gave me the idea. He goes, yeah, just come over. And then that, I escorted him out. That is brilliant. The diesel. And then we had the biggest laugh, and that is so good, man. I was like, I go sha, I go, Shaq, do you know how extraordinary that is that you're allowing me to, to throw you out of an NBA basketball game? He was like, Are you kidding me? That is so, so, and then for show Epic, it was so funny.


All the, I found out from one of the heads of the security that he goes, Hey, I have to tell you, everyone appreciated the shout out. All the security people appreciate the shout out. And I was like, oh, That's what I was going for. You got it. Yeah. Actually, Actually, I was kind of making fun of you guys. You know, it was a shout out. It was a shout out for sure. That is so fucking gold, man. You've done a lot of these. So I gotta know, I've been, I've been just so curious about this. When did you become a dj? The video of you DJing at the frat party might be one of my fa you've, you've now inspired me to wanna become a DJ and do exactly what you made that shit look so fucking fun. Well, I don't know if, I don't know If you wanna, I don't know If you want to real peek behind the curtain or not, but I don't know how to dj, you know, it was just all set up by my son and he was like, dad, can you come, it's parents weekend.


Can you come by the fraternity house? And I'll just set it up and you just have to twist knobs and Pretend like To push buttons. Yeah. So I just acted the part, but I No, look at That's insane. That's insane. I, I, I still, I still forget that people have cameras attached to their phones. I don't know If you guys ever feel that way, but I'm like, I still, sometimes I'm like, that's so good. The, the fact that you can just turn that switch off though, man. Not not care about it. That's the best, that's the best part. And that was, that made, I sent that to everybody that I knew. I, I showed up for 15 minutes and then I went to the football game.


I didn't think twice about it. And then Monday it like blows up and I'm thinking, what? Wait, what? Oh, right. All these kids were filming it Anyway, so Good. So Good. It's just, it's fun to just kind of, I I just love kind of doing those kind of outta the box things just to, just to mingle with people and, and Well, we love when you do it too Big dog. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Thank you. Let's Get into your athletic career. Jason, why don't you hit 'em with it? You were An athlete growing up kicker in high school. Oh, yes, Yes. Oh yes. So were you, you were a kicker in high school. Did you ever try to play any other position or were you always like, I'm going for the kicker? Well, let's just say freshman year at University High School in Irvine, California, I dominated.


Okay. Yeah, baby Starting free safety and wide receiver. Two, a player, two-way Player's. A football guy right here. Co MVP of the football team. Oh my Gosh. Okay. Basketball freshman player of the year. Freshman basketball. Okay. Then I played, then I played baseball and it was downhill, downhill from there. I was, I was six, one and a half as like a freshman. So you Yeah. Some height advantage. Oh Yeah. And then I think I, I, by the time I graduated, I was six three, so I only grew an inch and a half more over the next couple years. But, But yeah, I'd never played football. And I played a lot of soccer.


And I also was, I also was doing, you know, the kicking and then I got called up to, so I made varsity as a sophomore, as a kicker. Okay. They wanted me to play safety too, but I was like, you guys, I weigh 145 pounds, I pay one 50 and I'm not, oh My gosh. Something about, I never caught, let's just say no one was looking at me for the, for proper tackling form. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. Something, a summary go shit. Boom. Something about put getting your head in there. I, I'd end up like, my approach looked really good. And then I roll to the side and face mask you.


I played DI played defense one fucking time and it was safety. And I saw, I saw a guy running at me looking like, fricking Eddie George. And I made a business decision, is what I did. I made a business decision to not go in with the, the head, the hands, the, the, the proper technique just going, oh, I would, I went slide tackle. I went, I would set up the right way. You're like, oh, he is going to Farrell's gonna jack someone. And then I would go, no, that's okay. So yeah, I made, I was like, you know what, I'll just kick, I'll just kick here. That's So good. And I was really hoping actually to be a college kicker. We were, we were a horrible football program.


I think we were one eight and one my senior year. I could relate, But I, but I was getting those, You know, I was getting those little form letters from, you know, university of Oregon, New Mexico State, New Mexico State. What was your longest field goal? Do you remember? 45. 45 in a game. Nice. In high school. That's big time. 50 50 in practice. Okay. You could boot it. And then I tried walking on at USCI saw I was, I was, my freshman year at USCI saw in the athletic department that they were having tryouts walk-on tryouts. Right. Yeah. But it was, it was, it was, it was in the fall. So obviously the team has already set. So I'm like, why not? I, I showed up and they, we weren't allowed to kick on the field that actually had the field goals.


It was just a big open. And I was like crazy. I was like, really accurate, but I wouldn't say I was, you know, could boom it, So we just, I think we did, I Think it did like five kickoffs. And then the guy just blew the whistle, was like, okay, bring it in. We're good. And he was, he was like, okay, huddle up. I'm the special teams coach. We're pretty, we're pretty good. We're pretty good with our kicking situation Right now, but any of you guys wanna play scout team, you know, running back or scout. And I was like, no, I've heard about scout team. I don't Wanna do that. Yeah. No, not in college. In college. That's where, that's when it's no fun. Yeah. So that, that was the extent of my, my college athletic career.


It sounds like you, you kind of wanted to be an announcer while in college. Yeah, I went to, I went USC had like, had this sports information program. I was, it's funny, I, I, I always wanted to get into comedy, but I kind of grew up in the entertainment industry. My dad's a musician. Okay. And had played at, you know, in, in the best of places and in the worst of places. He is a piano player and super talented. And I just saw how unstable the entertainment business is. Sure. He would have a job at a, you know, at a, at a nightclub for, for six months to a year.


And then, and they'd be like, well, that's over. I'm like, what happened? It's like nothing. They just said, we're done. Yeah. That how works. And you have to go back out and search and Man, that's do All this stuff. And so I thought, well, I'm never gonna do that. You know, I wanna, I want like a real job. I didn't know what that meant. Even though I loved comedy. I loved making my friends laugh. I loved watching comedy. I loved, you know, everything about it. But I also loved sports and I, I played sports all throughout high school. And SC had this program that was, was, was like sports journalism. So I thought, oh, that's a, that's a blending of both. And, you know, SportsCenter had probably just started, let's see, I was in, I graduated in 90, so that was kind of the beginning of ESPN and Starting to boom.


Yeah. I wanna be one of those guys, you know? Yeah. And so I graduated and then was trying to get a job with local cable stations and, you know, you have to like, build a tape and send it out to these small markets to get hired as the, you know, the sportscaster in Yuma. Arizonas, those tapes gotta be gold. They have to be, I don't know where They have to be gold, dude. I should have held onto 'em. But at the same time I thought, you know what? This itch is not going away. I better scratch it about the comedy thing. So at the same time, I started doing classes at this improv theater in Los Angeles called The Groundlings, where I had seen tons of people had gone on to sitcoms to center night live to film and television performers, writers, directors, everything.


I thought, oh, this is, they had a school I could, I could kind of take all these classes at. And so I, I kind of was doing both at the same time. And I kind of found my, you know, you gotta, as you guys probably know, you gotta find your community. You gotta find your support group. Oh yeah. And that, that makes sense. That place in la the groundling cedar was where I felt safe enough to, to kind of go for it. Heck yeah. And I was there for three years and, and then that spring of, spring of 95 was when SNL was doing like a nationwide search for a brand new cast. 'cause they knew they were gonna let go. It was gonna be the last year for like Farley and Sandler and Dana Carvey and, and that whole group, man.


So Yeah. Happened to be at the right place at the right time when they came and watched one of our shows and went through the so cool audition process and then Yeah, The audition process, dude. Yeah. We've, we've all seen the audition video. It is the most brilliant, the Cat, cat toy, the cat on the ground when I, how, how does that even, how do you, how do you know that that's gonna be the one that gets you the job? Like what the fuck? Well, Here's the thing, because Travis, you, it doesn't make any sense in my mind. You've hosted the show, right? You've stood, you've stood on that spot where you deliver the monologue Yeah. And your heart is pounding in your chest, right? Yes. Yes. And you, but you're in front of a, a full audience that's supportive and there and they wanna see you outside.


They wants to Yeah. I'm on the ground in that studio playing around like a cat. No one, no one's in, no one's. Juan Michaels purposely had no one in the studio to like, create the tension of late night tell, like he wanted to create the pressure of what it's like to be on Saturday night, like live tv. So I'm in a void rolling around going, oh my God, I'm going back to la This is not like, because, because there's no one la there's no one in the, there's no one in the studio. There's just a camera operator and a sound guy. And Oh gosh, So good.


This is, So this Is my, one of my favorites. So it was almost like a prisoner torture technique. I just had to, I like fight through it. And were there, Were there any other audition, like, like bits that you had? Or were you like kind of juggling a few at the time? Or? They basically had to do an audition that was anywhere from five to eight minutes long of any of the characters of, of your choice. Oh, nice. Okay. So that was one of the, did I, I, one of, one of the, I, I did another, I did, I did Harry Carey doing a play reading. And so I did my Harry Care impersonation, and then I did the, I did this sketch that I think really got me the job, which was this dad at a barbecue yelling at his kids to get off the shed.


And that, that's good piece I auditioned with later became the sketch that was in, I did in my very first show. Oh, That's Cool. As a cast member. So That's cool. So they brought that one to life. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome, man. But it was, it was awful. I was like, I had no idea if I did well or not, and you just left going, oh, well I guess they'll call me. I'll tell you what, Lauren is a, he could be a stone cold dude. He can give you absolutely nothing. Yeah. And I'm sure that af that left you confused is all get out, man. But He, yeah, he can, he can. It's funny. He's like, he can walk right by you or he can, or you can so good.


Or he can pump you up. But yeah, it, it sometimes, sometimes you don't know where you stand with that guy. Yeah. Oh man. The SNL years were, were definitely the beginning of, of our fandom for you, big guy. Who do you remember as like some of your favorite characters on SNL? Like the ones that you really got excited to, to go out there and like perform? I never imagined that I would get to play the president. Oh, wow. Because I wasn't, I wasn't known for doing political impressions or anything like that. So to get to do Bush for that long, like that was, and, and like, you know, you're gonna be a go-to guy every week.


Yeah. That was pretty heady. That was pretty, that was really fun. Nice. I loved, You know, I, I think about like doing the cheerleaders with Sherry o Terry sketches I got to do with, with Molly Shannon on a gas di we used to do this Bobby and Marty's sketch where we were like middle school music teachers who would perform and the kids would hate them. And the Robert Gullet sketches were really fun, man. Neil Diamond. Neil Diamond, And Harry Kerry. I got to do, I got to do Harry Care to an audience that maybe didn't know it was fun.


'cause people who knew Harry Carey from the Cubs as an announcer obviously knew who he was. Right. But then other people would go, I love that mad scientist character you do with the crazy white hair. And I was like, well, no, he's a real person. They're like, oh, okay, well, whatever. It doesn't matter. I think it's so funny. I had a great seven years on the show and I just, there, You know, I I'm, I'm so lucky to look back and, and there was probably, I, I, You know, I I had fun like every single week doing that show, man. Yeah. Can, yeah. I imagine seven years was a crazy run, man. You obviously seven years on the show as a, as a cast member. But you're, you're remember the SNL five timers club as well. What's the difference between hosting it and, and being a cast member?


Or what's the biggest Difference? Yeah, I think, honestly I preferred being a cast member because when you, when you host you all a sudden it was much easier to be a cast member and have your, your sketch get cut. Yeah. And be kind of shake your fist, you know, like, ah, but when you're on the other side and you're having a hand in like, oh, I don't wanna choose between, That's tough. You know? Right. I mean, you've been in that room. Yeah. And you probably had some choices where you had two or three funny things that could only go into one slot because there is, there is a lot of thinking that goes into that show.


Yeah. And it, it's hard. Like, you probably, and Everybody was awesome on the cast, so you're sitting there exactly Like, I don't want to take her off stage. I don't wanna take him off stage. I don't wanna take that bit, that bitch they, they killing in that bit. And I'm just, And that you're thinking, oh, but I'm, I really love doing the one thing. And so I was like, oh, I hated, I hated like, determining the fates of who was gonna be in the show and who was not. Also too, you realize, like the times I've come back to host that thing is, that thing is like a track meet. You forget what kind It is a machine. A machine, it is a well-oiled machine, Physical shape you're in, comedy shape you're in. And I all of a sudden felt like I was in an NBA basketball game.


And I, I, the ball just kept hitting me in the face. I, when I, like, the last time I came to, to host at, I remember, in fact, I remember sitting with Lauren at the after party and I was like, God, man, Lauren, I, I can't believe I used to do the show. Like, not even think twice about doing the show every week. And he was like, I I, I thought he was gonna give me the, you know, attaboy like, like, you know, you were f no, you were great. You were wonderful. He was like, no, it's a young man's game. He didn't, He Didn't me anything. I'm like, was I that bad? He was like, oh, no, no, no. But no, it's a young man's game.


I'm like, geez, all right. You know, It, it all rolls fast though, man. It happens so fast. And man, I was, I was the luckiest guy in the world to even get a chance to do it, knowing how big of a, of a fan I was of it. And how big of a, you know, opportunity it is. Jason, you're next. Oh Yeah. Jason. Jason. He's been, he's been on the list. I've Tried my own thing. I've, I, I've, listen, I was up there able to watch Travis host. Yeah. And that was, it's, and we've talked about it before, but it's just so impressive the amount of people that are involved in that thing and how it all happens. And I couldn't imagine the hosting itself, like, and watching, 'cause I think I got there maybe Thursday Trav.


So I got to watch a little bit of that process of learning it every day. And I was just blown away. Absolutely blown Away. It's a real piece of living history in terms of television and in terms of, in terms of like American comedy. 'cause it's, when you're sitting at home and you just, you know, DVR it or turn it on at 1130, you have no idea during those commercial breaks that there's a hundred people running around moving those sets and Right. Dude, it, it Absolutely Is. It is such a, I I, I mean, I hope they never cancel that show because I don't think they'll ever do that type of show ever again.


No. It, it's just, it's an art form the way they, they, they put on that show and it, they have, and it's surprisingly fun. It's, it is surprisingly funny with how many things that can go wrong and, and the fact that they only, they write it in a week. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. It, it, it, it's, it's hit or miss for sure. But it, but it lands on its feet more often than, than not. And it's, it's pretty impressive The whole week you're seeing the, the construction workers putting together sets. Yes. And you're just, your, your mind is just bl Yes. Just blown away. And you're just like, what? And then some sets get canceled because they just don't fit in the timeframe. You're just like, what the, how do you do this week in, week out?


I know. And it's, it just blows my mind. And you really have to have, it's Not gonna be a part of it. You have to have thick skin as a cast member. Because I remember when I was, my first year on the show, Kevin Neland, who I was a big fan of, Kevin Neland, came back to, to kind of see a show and say hi to us. And he, it was towards the end of that, my first year on the show. And he was like, you're really funny. Like, great job. And I was like, I was like, thanks man. And he, and he was like, lemme give you some advice. Like, you don't have to score every week. Just keep that in mind. It's like, If you could look back on a season and count on your, like, if you've done 10 funny things, then you've had a good year and interest.


Wow. So it took the pressure off of like having to have a great show every week. Week. Yeah. It's, it's like, it's like hitting 300 in baseball. You know, If you, you hit 300, you're gonna be in the Hall of Fame. And If you, If you could hit, well, 30% might be a little low, but If you could hit, If you could beat 50% of the time, That's good. You have a great year. That's a good commanding average. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I, I took that to heart. But yeah. Let me, let me ask you this. 'cause I, we are doing, I'm doing this late night thing on ES pn. I just started it and we're trying to incorporate some scripted bits and some funny thi like, I guess what do you think is the biggest thing to performing a sketch or comedy live that you would tell anybody who's just starting out into that world?


Because quite frankly, I've never done anything like this where there's like a live audience and you're trying to do this while it's being recorded. Yeah. Forgive Me if this is a loaded question, but I re remiss if I didn't ask you pointedly. If there's anything that you can like fast track my ability to be funny on No, you're screwed, man. Sounds like you gotta figure it out, bud. Yeah, yeah. No, You know, I, I, the thing that I always lived by is because, You know, I I was like, look, I'm gonna meet, I'm gonna, I'm gonna watch people perform who I think I'm funnier than I'm also gonna watch people who are way funnier than me.


Yeah. And I'm gonna have to be okay with that. But the, but the one thing no one will ever beat me on, beat me at is how hard I commit to something. Sure. You've got to commit sketch wise to whatever the premise is. Yeah. And, and just go for it. And If you lock in that way, all, all the apprehension will just melt away. And Yeah. And then the audience will be on your side too, because you're, they'll just be like, He's going for It, dude, this makes sense. Exactly. And hopefully, Hopefully it's a funny premise to begin with. But even if it's not, they'll just be like, God, Jason is going for it. I'm on his side.


And that's, That's all you need to worry about. That's love it. And, and, and to not. 'cause I've seen people, you can't have one foot in and one foot out. 'cause then the audience doesn't believe. Doesn't believe your intention. Absolutely. And, and so that's, that's just the main thing. Dude. You send it better than anybody, man.


Now a moment brought to you by our sponsor, AMERICAN EXPRESS. Oh, American Express. Jason, you swipe in the card anywhere. Swiped it anywhere. I've swiped it everywhere from food to travel. I bought all of my Christmas presents with it. Enjoying the holidays is easier when you're with Amex Platinum Complimentary Breakfast for two and guaranteed 4:00 PM checkout when you book Fine Hotels plus resorts through Hamm X Travel, you travel and dining experiences can be even more rewarding for access to centry lounges at airports Worldwide. You can also book a table at some of the finest dining establishments across the globe with Global Dining Access by Rezi. That's the powerful backing of American Express. For full terms. And to learn more, visit American Express dot com with Amex


2025. It's here and Mint Mobile has a resolution for you. Skip the gym, skip the fad diet. Skip the BS resolutions you'll forget about by next month. Instead, make a resolution to save some serious cash by making the switch to Mint Mobile. And Right now you can get half off their three month unlimited plan. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans jaw dropping monthly bills, unexpected overages, and all their other BS in 2024. Mint Mobile is dropping huge savings for the new year by offering any three month plan for only $15. No way. How About that? $15 a Month. Pretty damn good. Pretty damn good. Unbelievable. Even their unlimited plan, unlimited text. Are you kidding me? How about that? All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talking text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. And you can even bring your current phone and your number. Ditch the overpriced wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. Switch To Mint and New customers can get half off an Unlimited plan until February second. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and get the plan shipped to your door for FREE, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash new Heights. $45 upfront payment required equaled to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only Speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See MINT MOBILE for details.


This new year Healthy Habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient and your dog will absolutely love It. The pre-portioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain their healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now's the time. What makes them so different is that Food from the Farmer's dog is developed by on staff board certified vets and veterinary nutritionists to be complete and balanced. It's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. The Farmer's dog delivers their freshly made healthy dog food right to your door on a schedule that works for you and can be adjusted at any time with their 24 hour customer support. The food is preport specifically for your dog, which makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. It Doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/new Heights. Plus you get FREE shipping. That's The Farmer dog.com/new Heights.


Before we, before we get out of this SNL bit, we, we, we asked Bill Murray this question and he said, Ray Charles, but who is the, the one SNL host that just blew your socks off? Like, man, they, I did not expect this person to be this damn good or this funny or this awesome that you maybe when you were a cast member, Just so you know, we asked Bill Murray this and he said it was Ray Charles. 'cause he just really, he was amazed at how well he remembered all of his lines. Oh my God. And didn't have to use any cue cards. Yeah. We had a similar, we had, I remember Jackie Chan hosted with us. Wow. He didn't, he didn't read English.


Yeah. So we couldn't use the cue cards. So we had to do the whole thing memorized. He, here we go. Object. Same. Yeah. Yeah. And he was on fire. But there, I, I think there are there like varying degrees. Like we, I remember one of our best hosts was Derek Jeter. Yeah. Nice. He just committed to everything regardless of how stupid we put him. And also, that's how I got to know, that's how I met Shaq for the first time. He came on and did, I Think it was Kelsey Grammar was the host, but, but they said, Hey, Shaq's in town.


He wants to do some sketches. He destroyed, he was so funny and natural to the point where one of his sketches got cut because he had a funnier show than the host. He had to reel it back. Yeah. Had To reel it back because we wrote this sketch where all the cast members were picking on me and making me cry. And, and Shaq came up, he's like, what's going on? And I'm like, Shaq, everyone's making fun of me. And he is like, come with me. Will. And we walked to home base there and he picked me up in his arms. Oh my. And we proceeded to sing a duet called No one's Going to Hurt My Little Man. And who was Shaq Cradling Me.


We did this whole, but that got cut and it like destroyed. Oh my gosh. That's amazing. But then I, I swear there was like, it was a lot of times it was actors that you like Steve Cemi. Oh, nice. Insanely good. I remember a lot of times dramatic actors who were so excited to Billy Billy Bob tho you didn't always see him in the comedy world. Yeah, Exactly. And, and they, that thing of like, they would just commit to the premise. They weren't even trying to be funny. And it, they subsequently got twice as many laughs. Yeah. I love it. But yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. Well, you just remember you just referenced Billy Bob Thornton and made me think of that bad elf at the top of the show. Maybe there's a bad elf, bad Santa remake coming down the line, whatever The combo.


Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. A lot of people will be, be distraught by that combination drug, but maybe that's why we need to do it. Yeah. By the way, s speaking of football, I gotta bring something up. All right. I happen to be watching during the holiday break, Travis, you guys, the Pittsburgh game. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. Sealed the one seat. When you scored, when you scored, did you just have one touchdown or did you have Two? Yeah, I just had one. I just had one. You had the one and the dunk. I You went to go dunk the football. You missed the dunk. I'm just gonna tell You I did not dunk it. Yes. I did not dunk. Yeah, You missed it. You hit the rim.


And I, I, I remember, I remember thinking, oh, I wanna bring that out. I know I'm gonna be talking to you guys. I'm like, God, Travis, he doesn't have the same hops. He missed The dunk. I don't, I don't have the ups anymore. I, I used to Football just kind of hit the bar and just spilled over. Right. But still, He was still trying to celebrate. Like, I just dunked it. I was like, no, no, no. I gave him my, I gave him my best. Tony Gonzalez, he was known, he was known for Dunking. That's right. And I had just, I had just eclipsed his touchdown record. Yeah. Piece. Yeah. Maybe, maybe finger roll next time I should have, what I did was, I, you remember when you, when you first started trying to dunk and you would just go up and smack the backboard. That's kinda what I was doing right there. Okay. It really, it wasn't a full dunk all.


Maybe if I get the, if I get it earlier in the game, I might be able to, the explosive Ability been thinking able up there since that moment. I've really been stewing on that. Nice. Well, I've been, I've been thinking people might've forgot about it. So. Perfect. Before We move on, I gotta ask this. Have you ever dunked, will, can you dunk? Could You dunk? I dunked. I remember having like a breakaway and I was like, I'm gonna dunk this. And the ball slipped out of my hand. I got right here. I got like rim. Yeah. And then the ball just fired off the backboard. And coach was like, what was that?


I was like, you told me, try to dunk it. If I have a break, he's like, okay, I could dunk a tennis ball. But now you're not a, a basketball. Yeah. Yes. Dude. My Travis has seen me no joke over an hour in a gym. At least Just At least Trying, trying it just Yeah. Repeatedly thinking I'm getting closer and repeatedly failing. If I just get the technique right, I can do it. I'm there. I'm right there. It's Jason's gonna happen. I know. You're 300, you're 310 pounds, you're not going to dunk the ball. Yeah. Gravity is working against you. Exactly. All right, let's, let's get to this segment. We're gonna try this out. This is the Will Ferrell character football draft.


Oh, all Right. Okay. So we're, we're gonna try an attempt to draft a football team with your characters. We're gonna have you do this. We got round one, we're gonna do quarterback. So if we're picking a Will Ferrell character, what character would be the quarterback of this football team? I think the quarterback, not that he would necessarily, not that necessarily. He'd be good, but he'd be very commanding. Would be Ron Burgundy. Yeah. Yes. You know it. Yeah. You know, Ron's he's command he's taking, He's commanding. He'd get the plays wrong. Yep. He'd call the wrong ca cadences. Yeah. He'd, he'd he'd mess up constantly, but he'd someone else.


Yeah. And It's be fun Ride. Be fun. We got Double boy. Right. Dorothy Mantooth on two Dorothy Van Tooth on. Exactly. Baxter left. So good. Go right Swordfish Ron, that's on a play. Yes it is. Let's run it. Yeah, it is now. It is now. Oh Gosh. Second round. We're going running back. Who you got for running back? Running back with Pro. I I, I would, I'm gonna say Frank, the tank from old school. The tank. Just, Just to ground he's pound breaking some Tackles. You know it 'cause He's got that name, the tank. He's gonna break some down. He's also going to be inebriated enough to where he won't feel any pain.


That, That was my next question. Is he inebriated in this? Yeah, he's definitely, he's definitely the Streaking all night. If you give some Well yeah. He may Try to Take a couple plays fully naked. Yeah. Yeah. Then nobody wants to tackle 'em. Right. Man, he Just, great strategy, Frank. He's untouched into the end zone. Oh Gosh. So good. Alright. Round three. Wide receiver Maybe because he's, he's kind of, I think he's, he's, he is, I would say very flexible and live the, the word live buddy.


The I'd say buddy. The elf buddy. The Elf. Nice. I love it. I could've swore you were gonna go Chaz Michael Michaels like jumping up. Oh, Okay. Leaping Over the middle. Beautifully. Very Graceful. Yeah. Chaz Michael. That's a better, very graceful. That's a better, I like Buddy the Elf. I'm not, I'm not. That's a, that's a better call. That's a better call Buddy. The elf just the happiest disposition ever. Yeah. Why does, he was eat a lot of candy too. Yeah, they do Skittles. Yeah. I'm telling you, he's Round four. Who's a coach. Coach would you know. 'cause I think he, he probably did. I I'd say Jackie Moon from Semi-Pro. Oh yeah. He Was a coach.


You know, maybe because he was a player coach. Oh Yeah. Know. Yeah. That's a good one. He was, he he had to run it all. That's perfect. And he knows how to, he knows how to manage people Owner. Where are we thinking Round five owner, who's the owner of this football team. I don't know if he's the right owner, but I, I just haven't, I I, I forgot to throw him in. But let's just say Ricky Bobby Iss the owner. Dude. Dude, it's an Electrical dude. You already know. He'd be the best running. He's running the show, dude. That'd be the best. The best. Hail Mary, our baby who aren't in heaven. Yes. How he would, he would lead the team in the baby Jesus prayer before every game whether they wanted to or not.


Sweet Baby Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. No, Ricky Bobby. He'd be, he'd be a good, he's got like kind of a little Jerry Jones in 'em probably. You can see that. Yeah. Yeah, I can see That for for sure. My pals, They're definitely friends. Yeah. How about, have you seen the clip of Jerry Jones with the Chops? He is, he's acting now. He's in a TV show. No. Yeah. Jerry Jones. I was actually kind, I was actually pretty surprised. I was like, man, he, he's speaking kind of better than what as in the interviews he gets, Wait, what show is He in? This is a good question. I don't know. I've only, I only came across it Landman with Billy Bob Thornton. Oh, landman.


Yeah. So you're definitely of those just, Just peak at, of one of those Paramount plus shows. You know, it, I actually watch some soccer on Paramount plus the Old fu the ball. Huh? What's you got a, you got a, you got a Premier team that you root for Or? I don't really, but I, I'm part of the, a, a small part of the ownership group of Leads United, which is the soccer division. Oh yeah. Nice. Very Cool. And so I've been out to a, to one of their matches, which was awesome. And so I'll, I'll keep tabs on them. Heck yeah. I see, I see you at a lot of sporting events. Is that, is that like your, your kind of like your hobby? You just, you just love to, you love to get some line empathetic sports. No, empathetic.


Right. I'm, I'm like living through you when I see you add there, I'm like, dude, I want to do what Will's doing. I've Got way too many tickets. Let alone the baseball, the baseball bit you did where you played all the, at all the teams and everything. Yeah. No, we have, 'cause we're part of the LAFC soccer team out here in la, which is MLS. We're part of that ownership group too. So we go to those games. Nice. I have tickets to the Lakers every now and then the Kings USC football. And somehow in the year that they won the World Series, I went to zero Dodger games. No way. No One year, year The one gone. Yes or no? I went to one.


I went to one. Okay. No way. I know we, we, we go to a lot of sports, but I mean, I I Sports is a huge part of my life. It was, it was kind of the way, and I'm sure I know you guys can relate to this. It was the way I was able to make friends. It was the way it just, I loved playing team sports. Yeah. I mean, maybe it's something where athletes just want to do comedy and com comedians just wanted to go to sports. 'cause I went to A UCB out in la I went to Aright. Citizens Brigade. Yeah. It was so much fun. It is amazing watching people in improv just take something from nothing and make something funny instantaneously. It is so impressive. They're an incredible group.


UCBs is is one of the best. Right On. We have an Idea here for this next bit. Trav, do you wanna explain it? Yeah. We got relationship advice, voicemail. So something we do on the show is answer voicemails from our fans. And we've asked them to call in asking for relationship advice, because who doesn't want to hear relationship advice from a couple of knuckleheads? Would you like to help us on these Will Oh, sure. You wanna jump in? Let's do, man. Here's the, here's the thing. You could answer some of these questions as one of, one of your characters maybe. Okay. Nice. Yes. Oh, I'm so excited. Brandon. Brandon. Oh, Brandon. Hey Travis. Hey, Jason. Big three peak coming.


Just wanted to know your advice for a first date when you should know those red flags and when to look for the green flags. Go chief Red flags. Green flags. When to look for the red flags, when to look for the green flags That I, let's see. Ricky, Bobby would say, look, I, I don't know anything about red flag or green flag. You just gotta, you just gotta get yourself into position to look for the checkered flag. Because I mean, there's only one thing you need to worry about because I mean, If you ain't first, you're last.


And Yeah, baby, I would just tell that young lady to look for the checker flag. You gotta you gotta find your way to the finish line. Guys. I Don't know if that's good advice or bad. It sounds like bad advice, But I'm, I Think it kind of metaphorically It makes sense. You gotta find your way to the finish line then. Yeah. You know, I loved it, man. That shit was fucking gold. That Was so good. So good. That could have gone any better. All right, here we go. Next one. What we got? Alright, Jason and Travis. So what do I do? Whenever I bought this girl tickets to a concert for Christmas and she dumped me the week before.


Now her best friend wants to deal with me. Do I take her or no? Do you take the best friend after the tickets you bought for your girlfriend? She dumped you. Wait, I wanna, I wanna make sure I understand. Do you take the best friend of the girl? Yes. After? Yes. So, so the girlfriend dumped him and now the best friend wants to go with him. Well, Ron Burgundy would say, Of course you take the best friend. Of course. 'cause you teach that young lady a lesson. You are not going to be some horse's ass. You, you've spent $1,200 going to a, I don't know, whatever concert, whatever music you listen to nowadays, I don't know if it's Kaja, Gogo or Duran Duran or whatever it is.


But you, you send a, you send a signal to that young lady that you're not messing around and Then you do more. Ron, You take photos of you and the best friend making out and send it back to the, to the old girlfriend and say, that's how I do it. That's how you roll right there, baby. That was fucking Gold, man. That so Good. That's You're the greatest of all time, dude. Oh My goodness. Oh man. Do we got one more in us? You, you wanna do One more with gold? That was was fucking gold. We move on to Will. Dude, that was gold. That was so good. I think. I think we're good to roll, man. Let's, let's get this thing going.


Some people just know they can save hundreds on car insureds by checking ALLSTATE first. Like, you know, to check the weather before traveling, because who knows, maybe you get stuck in Denver overnight. Like That would happen. Or checking that the yard is go for free before letting your dogs out. Yeah. Or checking that you have your tickets before heading out to the big game. Or checking that you've got your good pair of Tims before hosting a late night show. Checking first is smart. So check ALLSTATE first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with ALLSTATE. This Content is intended for audiences in the US only savings vary terms. Apply ALLSTATE Fire Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


This show is sponsored by LIQUID IV. The start of a new year is all about starting new rituals. And whatever you do come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from LIQUID IV, powered By Live Hydroscience LIQUID IV helps you break the mold with flavors like their new hydration multiplier. Sugar-free raspberry lemonade. I love Raspberry Lemonade. A bright zero sugar flavor. Combining notes of ripe freshly picked raspberries and citrusy zesty lemons that have zero sugar in them. LIQUID IV will keep you staying hydrated during these long winter days. Whether you're enjoying the outdoors or maybe you've, you're having a little bit too much fun watching your team in the playoffs, Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. It has three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink and has eight essential vitamins and nutrients. Always non GMO, vegan, gluten free, dairy free, and soy free. Embrace Your ritual with extraordinary hydration from LIQUID IV. Get 20% off your first order of LIQUID IV when you go to LIQUID IV dot com and use code New Heights at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today. Using promo code new Heights at LIQUID IV dot com.


Thanks again to our participating sponsor, AUDIBLE. This new year, let AUDIBLE expand your life by listening. Explore over 1 million audio books and exclusive AUDIBLE originals that'll inspire and motivate you all in one easy app. Maybe You want to kick a bad habit or start a good one. Listening to AUDIBLE can help you reach the goals you set for yourself. All you have to do is open the app and whatever your focus or interest is, you'll find titles for. That's right. Like Atomic Habits by James Clear or Outlive the Science and Art of Longevity by Peter Attia. Get advice or insight from leading professionals and experts on maybe health, relationships, career finance, investing a whole lot more. There's so much opportunity to learn and more to imagine when you're listening. That's Right. Start listening today when you Sign up for a free 30 day trial at AUDIBLE dot com slash new Heights.


We end all the conversations with, we gotta ask. You don't have to answer. We got a bunch of questions. We're just gonna ra rattle off at you. You ready to go? Okay. Ready. Lightning round. Lightning round. Lightning Round, baby. Yeah, that's right. You can be, feel free to tell us the fuck off. All right, here we go. Okay. Before you made it, what was your worst job? Definitely a bank teller. I was a bank teller. Mm. Oh, that's Donna Kelsey. That's her Mom was, yeah. Really? She was, she started off with the bank telling, worked their way up to some, some, some higher up positions. But yeah, she started off as a teller. Customers would actually complain as to how bad I was, so I'd break out and flop sweat. Your mom can relate to it when you're starting out. You're handling people's money.


It was awful. That's too funny. As long as your register wasn't short. You're good. Man. I was short like my first two days out, I didn't, I wasn't even pocketing the money. That's Crazy. Excuse Me. Manager. Manager. I'm trying to deposit money and your teller is like playing with a ball of yarn and he won't respond to me. Right. What's wrong with this guy? In fact, I remember I was putting up flyers in the break room to try to get people to come to my standup comedy show. Oh. And I was so quiet as a bank teller 'cause I was so nervous all the time. And I had this manager go, I saw your flyer.


You, you do stand up comedy. And I go, yeah. She's like, I'd like to see that. I just walked away. God damn it. You're a father of three. What is the secret to being a cool dad? The secret to being a cool dad. I think constantly lovingly make fun of them. Nice. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. Humiliation great. Yeah. It's the best. Perfect, Perfect answer. Why? Why don't they make R-rated comedies anymore? I think they do. Actually. I have one coming out. Here we go. The end of this Month. There we go. Quarterly invited on Amazon. Perfect. Which is a, which is like an old school r-rated fantastic movie Reese.


Reese Witherspoon and I are, we have two competing weddings booked at a destination location, and we have to kind of duke it out to see who's gonna be the wedding that gets to take place. But yeah, I I, it's an interesting time. I think people are making it. I just, I don't know why they're not kind of going to the theaters to see them. Ah. And I think we have, I think we kind of have so many options now that a lot of people are, would, you know, would rather go, oh, I'll just, I'll just catch that at home. Yeah. There's nothing like going to the theater though, man. I know. It's when you sit and watch a, a comedy with an audience, you're reminded as to how much more fun it is.


Right. I'm trying to, trying to get that back. I'll happily see, see this new one in theaters for you, bud, even Though it's not in theaters. Get your Amazon. It's on Amazon. You can, you can just say it was Amazon. I'm bad. So we, we'll go rent a movie theater out and we're gonna Yes. Okay. I'm Calling everyone in the neighborhood. They're coming over. We're good. You're Cordially invited to watch Cordially invited at the movie theater with us. Is there one idea for a movie that you haven't gotten to make yet? Oh gosh. 'cause you wanna steal it. Yeah. I, you know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pass on that 'cause I'm afraid you guys will steal it. No, no, no. We do something like that. No, I don't trust you guys. I don't trust you.


No, I don't know. I don't, I I I am, I'm trying to think if there's anything. I, I, it, it's funny. Ideas usually pop into my head in the most random way, but, but no, I don't have an exciting answer for that. Sorry. Let me ask you this. When, when do you know an idea is ready to be made a movie? Because I would imagine you think about stuff constantly. Yeah. Like, how do you know when it's like, okay, I'm gonna make this movie about an anchorman named Ron. Like where does that even, like, at what point are you like Yeah, this could become a full motion picture. Yeah. I, I think it's, I think you just get a sense of something that, you know, if it's an idea that you can kind of spit out in a sentence Yeah.


Then it's got a good chance. You know, it's like, You know, I remember when we were, we were pitching Anchorman, which at the time we got rejected. I think we got like, rejected 20 different times from various studios and financiers and everything. It just Blows my mind. Fascinating. Like, no one could kind of wrap their hand around, head around an ensemble comedy that took place in a newsroom. They, they kept hearing the news part. Yeah. And we're like, no, no, no. It's going to be, you know, Austin Powers wasn't about us, wasn't about the spy game. It was about a really funny character. Right. Our character's gonna be funny. And then I remember, I remember thinking, gosh, this is so hard to get off the ground.


We should maybe pick a topic that everyone's talking about. And at that time, NASCAR was at its height and I was like, for instance, Oh gosh, what, what if I'm just me as a NASCAR driver? And Yeah. And we pitched, we sold that in like two seconds. That's crazy. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if there's an exact formula for it, but it's just something that, that I think grabs the people who have to pay for it. There you go. There we go. Yeah. All right. What's your, what's your welcome to Hollywood moment? We all have welcome to NFL Moments that just, I don't know, it's usually a big hitter. Somebody that we're extremely, you know, fond of or were big fans of growing up that we're finally going up against.


What was your, what was your welcome to Hollywood moment? I mean, one of, one of my welcome to Hollywood Moments was getting to be the first, the first member of a brand new cast on Saturday Night Live. And I got to say the first, the first lines of our, our opening show. That's awesome. And I'm sitting there and they're counting down the show and I'm looking out, that's crazy. My folks are in the audience and friends and family. And I'm like, I can't believe I'm here. And I'm about to, I'm about to say whatever line, which a little trivia here.


I mess up my line the first time I speak on camera, on the show. I flub it. No, Of course, Of course. And I felt, and, and you know, Travis, you know how you do the full dress rehearsal and then by the time you do the live show you're like, piece of cake. I got it. Got it. I got it. Yeah. But all, and so I did the dress rehearsal. I was like, this is gonna be great. But I'm sitting there in the chair and the enormity of the moment hits me and I start to get a little bit emotional thinking about, wow, this is the thing I've always dreamed about. And then it was like five seconds, and then I had to do my line. I was like, I like, and I was like, oh.


And Lauren came back, he's like, are you okay? I'm like, I'm fine. I'm fine. I just, I don't know what happened. So a stroke, it was, yeah, exactly. It was, it was incredibly uplifting and incredibly grounding all at the same time. Oh yeah. It was like, don't ever take anything for granted. And yet I can't believe I'm here. There you go. That's awesome. That's awesome. All right. Hypothetically, you see two guys that look like us coming at you on the sidewalk. What movie do you think we're going to quote at you? You guys are gonna say, you're my boy Blue. Yeah. Yeah. Little old school. You're gonna go old school. I think You're spot on.


Or you might, you might say milk is a bad choice, dude. I don't know. Dude, If it was a hot day, I'm definitely going. It's hot is a bad choice. I Was in Wisconsin and I had a whole wheel of cheese. I like whole wheel of cheese. I'm not even upset. Yeah. Milk was a bad choice, by the way. Yeah. I improvised that. 'cause I was literally trying to tell the director in that moment, like, why did you give me a carton of milk as we're shooting in LA on like a 98 degree day? And I literally was like, milk was a bad choice because I'm like, It's Legitimately I'm having to drink hot, hot milk in this scene. That's The worst. The fucking worst.


You just, you were spot on with that one. This isn't on this, but do you ever get tired of people quoting your movies? Like, are you like, yeah, I get it. Like I, it's gotta happen just constantly. I wouldn't say Yeah. There, there, I mean, there's sometimes there's, there, there are moments where, oh, I'm getting this weird kick here. Sorry. Got a Nice guy. Got a nice light. Yeah. Look at that. Light Sun's coming in real nice. Wow. That's nice. You're Trying, I don't how to fix this. Well, well, whatever. Here we go. We're Rolling with it. We'll sit like this. We're rolling. I'll get, yeah.


Sometimes, sometimes someone something and you're just like, so good. You're like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I did. Yeah, I said that. And most of the time it's, it's fantastic. But then there's about 20% of the time where I don't pick, pick up the cue. Oh. I mean, it's, it's a lot of fucking classics that you're, you've been in. So I get it. Someone yelled at me, why are you so sweaty? And I go, oh. 'cause I was just on a bike ride. She's like, no, some stepbrothers after the drum set, why are you so sweaty?


You're supposed to say, 'cause I was watching cops. Yeah. Like, oh, right, sorry. And she got so pissed and walked away. Yeah. That's fucking la So You so ruined it for me. So I've ruined it. So I do ruin it for a lot of people because I don't, I don't pick up my cue. That's Yeah. That's funny as shit. Yeah. Oh, That's so good. What, what's your comedy Mount Rushmore throughout your life? Who, who are you, who's your top four you're throwing on your Mount Rushmore? I'm gonna put Steve Martin. Nice. I'm gonna put, I'm probably gonna put Bill Murray up there. Yep. Legend. I'm gonna put Eddie Murphy. So good. And let's just say the original, original cast of Cini Live all Nice.


Yeah. Throw 'em all, all there. Yeah. On that last one. That counts. Hell yeah. All Right. I'll allow it. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. That's awesome, man. Awesome list. I Love that list. Do you have an actor you've wanted to work with that you haven't yet? Steven Segal, Shut up. No, God, Go ahead. That would be the funniest goddamn thing. God, I don't know. I don't know why. Talk about doing something totally unexpected. No, that would Be, yeah, exactly. I don't know why I just pictured you dressed up with the slick back as Steven Stick. I don't know why. That's what popped in my head. Oh gosh. I don't even think we could track him down.


I don't even know where he is on Planet Earth these days, but yeah, Wherever he's At. I mean, I'd love to do something weird with like, like an actor like Daniel Day Lewis or something Like Yeah. Yeah. Just gets really enthralled and into it and Exactly. Try to get him to do like a, like something weird. Yeah. That's Fun. What About the best sporting event you've ever been to? Oh my gosh. I'm gonna say two. Okay. I'm gonna say the Women's World Cup final at the Rose Bowl. Ooh. For women's soccer. Nice. Where they fi they beat China. They finally won the, the women's world. It's the famous Brandy Chastain taking the top off.


Yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. That was incredible. And then I'll say, even though my team lost the game, the national championship game again at the Rose Bowl, USC Texas 2005. Yeah. That was, yeah. That was an amazing back and Forth. It's a great game. You just made, Whoever had the team, the ball last was gonna win that game and that time just ran out. But You have no idea how his microphone is muted. But our head producer, our intern, Brandon, our head producer Yeah. Is the biggest Longhorns fan you've ever met In your life. Oh my God. Okay. I'm glad Brandon. He's screaming like a child off camera Right now.


He's gonna lay into me Right now to Sure. It's the reason he went to Texas, I believe, is because they won that game. And I sat at in the same row with Matthew McConaughey. Oh yeah. And his buddy, and they wanted to talk shit the whole game. Like every time Texas, you know, Of course it's like Texas guys love to be like, okay, here we go. And then ESY would score right away, and I'd be like, what? What happened? What Happened? Yeah. What happened? What was that? What was that? And it was so back and forth, but I have to say at the end of that game, everyone just shook hands And was like, oh, it was the one of the best ever. We just watched one of the Yeah. So anyway, but I, I've been lucky. I I've been to a bunch of fun stuff, but those two pop into my head.


Yeah. That, that game, Vince Young's like performance towards the end of it, especially like, it was just, it was Like crazy. Yeah. It, it was like somebody just caught fire and like could not be stopped. So, and there is a classic photo of Vince Young scoring that last touchdown. Yeah. And one of the sc cheerleaders jumping up in the air thinking it was sc that had score. No, it's so bizarre. Oh, Really? Yeah. Oh, I, I need to look at this. I have not seen that. That's amazing. We gotta know, We gotta know who's got the ball. She, no, she, she was not the sharpest tool in the shed. Becky, I'll tell you what, I've been to the Rose Bowl one time since he played UCLA out there.


When I tell you it is one of the coolest atmospheres, like, I can only imagine that place packed to the T for that game and seeing highlight after highlight after highlight for the biggest game of the year. Man, I can only imagine what that felt like, man. Both those teams with guys who went on to the league, like on both sides of the ball. Oh yeah. And yeah, it was, it was an insane environment. Yeah. So, cool, man. Crazy. Well, shout out to my former teammate, Vince Young. Awesome game and shout out to you. Will, I mean, listen, before we end this, I, we always give our guests, do you have any questions for us? Like, or do you just like, wanna go and go about your day?


That's fine too. I don't wanna put you on the spot. Let's see, what time is it? You got the, you got the sun hunting you down over there. I Know. I'm trying to, I'm trying to help your producers out here by not getting blasted by the sun. I do have a question for you guys. How much, how, how do you compare doing, getting to do things like this? Like obviously you, you, you live, you're living out, you got to be pro athletes, this thing you dreamed about your whole life. Oh yeah. Now getting to this other side of stuff, is it as much fun? Is it more fun? Is it a different kind of fun? Yeah.


I'll, I'll, I'll take a hack at this. So me and Jason, we started this thing because we just wanted to show our, our brotherhood and have fun catching up. Yeah. Once a week. And it was a, it was a magical year where we both went to the Super Bowl and got to talk about both of our seasons throughout it. And in retrospect, after about three years, the coolest part is getting to getting to interview guys like you and just getting to shoot the shit with you over the course of an hour and get to pick your brain on the profession that you're in and, and what got you there and things like that. Like, that's all been so fascinating to me. And it kind of hit me like a blindside because I just got on here to have fun with my brother, and now I get to do cool shit like this. So that, that's definitely the, the, the ups for me.


That's Awesome. Yeah. I would say, like Travis said, being able to just talk to Trav once a week. We have a dedicated time, and before we did this, there'd be like months sometimes in the middle of a season, especially where you like fall by the wayside. So that combined with interviewing really successful, interesting people or friends is awesome. But I would say the other thing that's, it's very similar, you know, when you get ready to play a sport, you, you practice and you work and you and you prepare, and then the game day happens and you, you know, get to express yourself as a player. And that's something very unique as an entertainer as well where, you know, you work at it and you, and you try to like, you know, think about how can I do things or what can I do that'll be interesting or take a creative idea from scratch Yep.


And I don't know, bring it to life. And it all is like, just really rewarding when that happens. Yeah. That, I think that's similar in terms of like getting out there and you worked all off season. We've, we've put in all these new plays, let's go out there and see what it looks like. Yeah. And then you get blown out by 40 points. You're like, fuck, we're Outta it boys. Like, back to the drawing board. Well, yeah, but that's, I think there's a lot of parallels between team sport and getting to do a lot of things. Entertainment, because the same thing can ha like, I think that's why I love working on films. It's a, it's a team of people.


It's a crew of people. I love Saturday Night Live because of the ensemble, because it was like, we all like, if, if, If, you know, if we all pull for each other, the whole show does well and we all do well and same sort of thing. You can, you work hard, you're working on something. You, you, you film something for 50 days, it takes a year to come out. Yeah. And you lay a big fat turd and, and you're like, oh, audience didn't Think it was funny at all. Oh, well We thought It was hilarious. Yeah. There you go. But, and then you're like, well, I'm still glad we went for it. You know what, oh, what are you gonna do? Yeah. So, well, I'm taking your advice and I'm full sending everything I ever do in the entertainment world, man.


Fuck. Yeah. Full. Send. Full. I appreciate that advice, man. Yeah. Well thank you so much, brother. You're unbelievable. You Guys Cannot wait to that. So fun, everything you got coming up and appreciate the time, man. Thanks you guys. All right. That was fun. Alrightyy, that wraps up another episode of New Heights. Unbelievable. Thank you to Our guest Will Ferrell. We'll be back next week with a brand new episode.


Make sure you are subscribed on YouTube to the New Heights Channel and follow new Heights on the Wonder App or wherever. Get your podcasts reminder. You can listen to new episodes of New Heights early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. There you go. Ladies and gentlemen, if we didn't like mention your favorite Will Ferrell movie, I think, I think we wanna do a blind ranking of all of Will Ferrell's classics no matter what they are, any, any, any genre of, of will's throughout the past here, why don't you go ahead and throw us some and we'll, we'll have some fun doing a blind ranking of, of all of Will's best next week. Once again, new Heights, a Wondery show produced by Wave Sports and Entertainment, and brought to you by American Express. Ooh, the Express, Follow the show on all social media at New Heights Show with one s for Fun Cliffs throughout the week, and thanks to our production and crew for always making us look better than we are and to the 92 Percenters. Hope you had fun tuning in. We'll see you next week. Peace. Follow New Heights on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcast. You can listen to New Heights early And ad free. Plus enjoy exclusive episodes of the show by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts, or Spotify today. Before You go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history, from covert experiments, pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive that were barely whispered about. Each week on redacted declassified mysteries, we pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories, they're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real, the secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries with me, Luke Lamana on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen ad free. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App.