
Lemme take a second to talk to you about a new show that's coming out. If you know me, you know that I love learning. I love expanding my mind and finding out information that I didn't know about, and whether it's finding out how things are made, history, I don't know, little dumb factoids that for some reason I hang on to. If you are similarly wired, there's a new show that You Might Enjoy. If you've ever wondered how Reese's Peanut butter cups came to exist, what's the origin story of Reese's Peanut Butter Cups? One of the most iconic candies that ever exist in the American culture. They've been a proud sponsor of our show because we have pubbed them before they even gave us money. I've actually never known how they came to exist, and I would love if there was a show out there that could tell me how they were created and came to exist. So did you know that it involved a former frog salesman? That's right. A frog salesman. FROG, the animal. That's right. But anyways, If you like stories like this, I highly recommend you check out the podcast from Wondery called The Best Idea. Yet, every week, the hosts of The Best Idea Yet are gonna bring you incredible origin stories from some of the most beloved successful products in the world, not just Reese Peanut butter cups. We're talking Air Jordans Levi 5 0 1 jeans Super. Mario Brothers, who doesn't wanna know where that Italian cartoonish video game character comes from? Sriracha Sauce, the Super Soaker. If there's a product you're obsessed with, there's probably an episode about it and the stories are gonna be wild. I'm gonna play this short clip, and if you're into it, click the link in the episode notes or go listen and follow The Best Idea Yet wherever you get your podcast to hear the rest of the episode. Don't knock it till you try it, Jack. Don't knock what? Don't knock it till you try it. What are you talking about? Olive oil on ice cream. Because once you do olive oil and ice cream, you're gonna start putting olive oil on your yogurt and then breakfast and dessert are covered. I don't get either of those ideas. I was in Bangkok once. I had mango and rice. Have you had mango and rice? That's a good combo. Are we talking about perfect combinations? Surprisingly perfect combinations, Jack. Okay, can I just go like regular over here and say, scrambled eggs and ketchup? What about that? You're not gonna win any Michelin stars for this stuff, but I see where you're going with this Jack chocolate chip cookie and a glass of milk. Alright, Bobby Filet. I know what we're talking about. How about corduroy with cashmere? Well, the most perfect, surprising, perfect combination is peanut butter and chocolate. Peanut butter and chocolate. Yet he's, whenever Jack and I get an unexpected combo, but we call it a Reese's moment. And Of course, when we say Reese's, we're talking about Reese's peanut butter cups. That perfect blend of chocolate and peanut butter that actually comes from a very specific and very secret way of roasting the peanuts. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the most popular choice of Halloween candy for kids, and they're the second top selling candy for adults right behind m and ms. Is it chocolate with peanut butter or is it peanut butter with chocolate? We should point out, Jack, that the Reese's Peanut butter cup was actually invented nearly 100 years ago in 1928, but it wasn't even invented by Hershey's. Today, we'll tell you the true inventor of the Reese's Peanut butter cup, who went from a down on his luck frog salesman to a real life, Willie Walker. Oh, you hear that? Yeah, that's it. That's the shrill whistle that signals the end of another long shift. At Summer's Canning company in the town of New Freedom Pennsylvania, among the workers streaming out the doors of this cavernous cannery is a tired looking man named Harry Burnett. HB Reese. HB has worked every kind of odd job at this point, from fishery manager to dairy farmer. He even did a stint raising frogs and selling those frogs to local restaurants. I gotta ask, what are the lily pad numbers? Do the frogs know about this whole operation? But at this point in his life, HB just can't catch a break. It was all looking so good when he married his wife, blanche Edna, who came from a well to do family, but now the pressure is on. HB and Blanche have nine kids, plus his mom and his aunt. They live with them too, making it 13 miles to feed so HBS in-laws, they can only help so much and he can't rely on amphibians to feed a family of 11. I think we learned that in business school. So Right now, in 1916, money is tight, but HB doesn't let that bring him down. He hasn't found his perfect gig yet, but he's always gained to try new things and reinvent himself another time. So here's what our man HB does. He hauls his tired body up the steps of his porch. He pushes open the door to this cramped two bedroom house and the poor guy, he's been working all day. He wants just five minutes to himself to scour the paper for job opportunities before he just gets a little bit of shuteye. But as soon as he walks in the door, his kids jump on him. Robbie wants a piggyback. Clara demands, he read her a story. John and Anna, they're fighting over in the corner and a searing pain ah, shoots up HP's leg. Oh yeah, little Ralph just jabbed him in the thigh with a pencil, and there's probably a toed loose in the living room on top of all of that. So Jack eat his pandemonium in the Reese house. Hb. He finally balances his way over to the dining table, finding his newspaper and scanning the job section, and one item grabs his eye. It's a help wanted ad for dairy farm workers in a town called Hershey. By this point, Milton Hershey's chocolate making operation is in full swing. The town of Hershey is thriving, sales are soaring, and the company recently launched a hit new product, the Hershey's Kiss. Now funny thing, Yetis, HB himself, he's a little family history when it comes to the chocolate trade because his mother used to make chocolate covered almonds and raisins, and maybe it's a sign that chocolate is actually in his future. So HB finds a moment to himself to mail off his application for this promising new job. A few weeks later, he receives an envelope with a Hershey, Pennsylvania postmark. He's got an interview and when he steps off the train, HB is stunned by what he sees. 'cause what he's looking at is this town that Hershey invented out of nowhere. They got grand buildings Hershey. It is the Babylon of bond bonds. But Nick, he's here to get a job. He can't be distracted by all those fancy Hershey parks. So he focuses, he nails the interview and he gets that job. Follow The Best Idea Yet wherever you get your podcasts, to hear the rest of the episodes, you can listen to new episodes of The Best Idea Yet early And ad free Right now by joining Wondery Plus, start your free trial in the Wondery App, apple Podcast, or on Spotify.