
With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing


From New York Times. I'm Michael Ballbarrow. This is The Daily. John Kelly told The New York Times former President Trump is quote, certainly an authoritarian who falls into the general definition of a fascist With two weeks to go in the race for president. We should point out these are not terms casually thrown about in American political dialogue. Certainly not this close to a presidential. Donald Trump's longest serving chief of staff is warning that his reelection could lead to fascism. Donald Trump is increasingly unhinged and unstable. Kamala Harris is seizing on the message of Trump as a threat to democracy.


In just the past week, Donald Trump has repeatedly called his fellow Americans the enemy from within And Trump himself Here. Story ready? I'm going for a job right now at McDonald's. I've had, I really wanted to Do this is relying on viral stunts and vulgarity to break through to undecided voters. So, you have to tell Kamala Harris that you've had enough that you just can't take it anymore. We can't stand you. You are a shit vice president. The worst. Today I gathered four of my colleagues, Mike Schmidt, Lisa Lair, Reid Epstein, and Nate Cone.


To make sense of those developments. It's Thursday, October 24th. Hello friends. Hello. Here we are again. Our fifth campaign round table. And I just wanna say, as I have in the past couple episodes when we're talking, because news tends to happen after these conversations and it can be difficult to account for, it is about 1:20 PM on Wednesday. And I wanna welcome you Nate Cu back. Thank you. Michael Reid Epstein, welcome to the round table. Thank you Michael. And here for the first time. Mike Schmidt. Thanks for having me.


We're gonna start with you, Mike, because you have brought us some really important new reporting that candidly, we didn't anticipate being a part of this conversation, but it just feels too important to not make very central to this episode. And as a result, this round table is gonna feel a little bit different because we wanna spend time with the reporting that you're bringing us. And just by way of explanation, Mike, this reporting you did, we've been talking about it, you and I for a really long time. You have been trying to speak on the record with a single former high ranking Trump administration official for years. How many years? Four.


Four years. And he's not just any official. He's John Kelly, he's President Trump's former chief of staff. He's a highly decorated former Marine Corps general. And he's somebody that people in both parties hold in very high esteem. And over the past couple of days after saying no to you for four years to have this conversation you wanted to have, he said yes. So just tell us about that. I have been trying to get John Kelly to talk and allow me to record it. And I tried really, really hard to do this because I believe that his story is central to the Trump story.


Kelly spent more time behind closed doors with Trump when he was in the White House than anyone else, right? Longest serving chief of staff, his longest serving chief of staff. I had pushed Kelly over and over again to do an on the record interview, and he finally agreed to it. Why do you think he says yes? Just to begin with, what changed? I think that Kelly saw Trump's comments in the past few weeks. I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within, Not about using the American military on Americans. We have some sick people, radical left lunatics.


And I think they're the and, and it should be very easily handled by, if necessary, by national gut or if really necessary by the military because they can't. And for Kelly, the idea of using the military domestically is a red line. Hmm. That is beyond the pale for him. And when he saw Trump say that he felt compelled to speak out. So let's, I think we should play some of this audio of your conversations with John Kelly. They were phone conversations. Correct. This is a key moment in the conversation where you ask him the rather provocative question of whether Trump, in his mind would preside as a fascist if reelected.


I'm gonna play that clip now. Do you think he's a fascist? Well, I'm looking at the definition of fascism. It's a far right authoritarian, ultranationalist political ideology and movement characterized by a dictatorial leader, centralized hypocrisy, militarism, forcible suppression of, It's interesting that he decides to look up the word fascist. He's being very careful. I didn't ask him for the definition of it. I didn't ask him to look it up. He went ahead and did that on his own. And for me, actually to hear that it, it was actually helpful because it gave more texture to Trump's behavior.


The former president is in the far right area. He certainly an authoritarian admires people who are dictators. He has said that. So he certainly falls into the, into the general definition of, of fascist for sure. Fascist is a term, you know, you're a fascist. He's a fascist. Trump's a fascist. These things are thrown around. But when he provided a definition to it, these are the, the boxes that fascist checks. And Kelly believes Trump is those things. He would, he commented more than once that, you know, the Hitler did some good things too.


And of course, if you know, history, it'd be, it'd be pretty hard to make an argument that he did anything good. So what would you, what would you say? And Mike Kelly in his conversation with you also confirmed previous reports that Trump had said to him that Adolf Hitler did good things correct. And to me, so much had been written about it, but it all had been in text hearing. It was different. Hearing it from this person who looked into Trump's eyes for a year and a half when he was chief of staff is different. He's certainly the only president that has all but rejected what America is all about and, and what makes America, America in terms of our constitution, in terms of our, our, our our values.


You know, the way we look at everything to include. Another really stunning thing that Kelly talks to you about is about how Trump feels really about any kind of commitment to something larger than himself. Mike, can you just set this clip up? So it's Memorial Day of 2017. Trump has just become president. He's at Arlington National Cemetery, and he's walking with Kelly through the special section where soldiers and marines who were killed in recent years in Iraq and Afghanistan are buried, including Kelly's son. Hmm. And as they're walking through that section, there's something that Trump says to Kelly that really takes him aback.


He, he came down, it was the first time I ever heard him say it. They said, you know, what was in it for them? Trump is saying to him what was in it for them, the soldiers who died. Correct. And I thought he was asking one of these rhetorical kind of, you know, question. But I didn't realize he was serious. He just didn't see what the point was where, and as I got to know him, selflessness was something he just didn't understand. What Kelly is saying to me is, yes, Trump referred to those who died on the battlefield as losers and suckers, but there was something worse than that to Kelly. And that was the fact that Trump said, what's in it for them?


Trump is not asking a larger question about sacrificing of service or, or, or, or what that means to the country. And Trump is doing that to the highest ranking American military officer to lose a child on the battlefield in the post nine 11 wars. Alright, whatever you think of John Kelly, few Americans understand sacrifice and selflessness more than him. And Trump's saying, so what was in it for them? Like, you know, in a way that cheapened their sacrifice Is, is there anything else that we need to talk about? Or is this enough? I think it's plenty, but like I said, Mike, I'm not, and and, and just make it clear, I'm not recommending anything to anybody.


I'm just saying other than that, when you're looking to vote for someone regardless, you gotta look at the character and all of those kind of things. And then Kelly's whole thing is luck. I'm not gonna tell you who I'm voting for. I'm not gonna endorse a candidate. I'm not going to recommend anything. I'm going to answer factual questions about what I saw. And I'm gonna tell you that I think that fitness and character are important. Reid, where does all of this audio that Mike collected fit into Kamala Harris's campaign strategy in these final weeks of the race? It feels like it fits in quite powerfully.


I mean, the Venn diagram of what John Kelly is saying, and the argument that Kamala Harris has been making the last few days is almost complete. Right? Wow. It is that, that it is more important to pick someone with the right character and temperament to be the president regardless of whatever you think of their policy positions. And it is really, it is an argument that Harris has been making herself as the campaign gets closer and closer to the finish line. And in fact, just moments before we all gathered in this room, Harris came out and pretty much held the news conference based on Mike's reporting, Right? She spoke at the Naval Observatory, her residence in Washington, which is rarely a place for these types of campaign or political events.


Yeah. The closest she gets to a White House Backdrop, right? And basically said, please read and listen to these clips of John Kelly. And she made the case that it proves that Trump is unfit for office. And I think we can expect to hear her make that case again and again as she campaigns in the closing days of this race. Nate, What's important about what Reid just said is that Kamala Harris's closing argument is increasingly focused on questions of whether Trump is, in her words, unstable, unfit, a threat to democracy. For a lot of us who watched the original Joe Biden campaign that she is now replaced, we recall lots of conversations about whether that was effective.


And you, I remember vividly telling me, telling our listeners that you were finding in your review of pulling and in pulling that you've done yourself, that that's not really resonating with people. And that's complicated 'cause we're talking about really, really important audio and revelations. And is it mattering to voters? Will it matter to voters even if Kamala Harris decides to make a very big deal out of this? I think it might. I mean, measuring the effect of these sort of things is so challenging. But just stepping back for a second, this is a campaign between two candidates with enormous weaknesses. Harris is weighed down by immigration, the economy, and her record. Donald Trump is weighed down by the Supreme Court's decision in Dobbs, his conduct on January 6th, and the idea that he's a threat to democracy.


And there are a lot of voters who are weighing those two things. They sympathize with both of those set of concerns. And while it may not be the case that the democracy issue disqualifies Donald Trump for 60% of the electorate or whatever it is that Democrats would've hoped a year or two ago when Donald Trump clearly was on a track to become the Republican nominee, it is nonetheless the case that this is one of the arguments that a majority of voters do side with Harris on. They think she's better on democracy than Trump. And to the extent that's what they're thinking about over the final two weeks, if they're one of those conflicted voters who has some negative feelings about Donald Trump, if this is what is on their mind as they enter the voting booth, you can see how it could be decisive now, but in such a post election.


But who Does it? But who does it matter to really in this moment? There's a group of relatively moderate and conservative, traditionally Republican leaning voters who are deeply troubled by Donald Trump's conduct. And sometimes they have voted against Donald Trump, whether that's for a third party candidate for Joe Biden. They've also voted for Democrats in some critical Senate governor's races. In recent years in the midterm election, there were a number of races where Democrats clearly managed to appeal to this group of voters. And if they win them again, or if Harris can win them again, then her path to winning looks much better than if those same people are thinking about, oh, Harris is a candidate who's too far to the left, who's presiding over inflation and who has unleashed chaos at the border.


Mike, how do you think John Kelly would feel to hear that there is a chance that this might move people, but it's a pretty small slice of people who seem movable and might be moved by this. Do you think he wanted to change people's minds when he agreed to do this interview with you? I think he's deeply conflicted about it. I think that he hates partisan politics. He didn't want to have to do this. He doesn't want to be seen as injecting himself into the election, and he's not really sure how to handle that. And he gets there by essentially saying, I'm not gonna tell you who to vote for, but I will answer your factual questions.


And I will say that character and fitness are more important than policy. If we're reading between the lines though, I have to think he's trying to put his thumb on the scale of skepticism of Trump. He's trying to get people to vote for Harris. I think he's essentially saying, look, I've been inside the room with this guy. I've seen him up close, and I think he's a threat to democracy. Hmm. That would be the sound of you emphatically hitting the table just in case. Anyone. One thing that's worth noting though, and it's part of why the audio is so credible and so compelling, is that he isn't pounding his fist on the table. It's so matter of fact in a way that you cannot take it. You, I don't see how you can listen to it and think that he's trying to move an election, even though that may be a motive in what he's trying to accomplish.


Mike, we're gonna say goodbye to you and we're gonna tag in our colleague Lisa Lair for the second half of this conversation. Thank you for coming in. Thank you for this reporting. Thanks for having me. We'll be right back


With Schwab investing themes. It's easy to invest in ideas you believe in, like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.


This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


Okay, we're back. And Lisa Lair, it is very nice to have you return to the round table. Mike Schmidt warmed your seat for you. Happy to Be back. I'm here for the mugs And you can't take them still. I wanna talk. No, I want to talk Lisa to you about something else that Kamala Harris has been doing over the past week. In addition to the news conference she held responding to Mike SCH Smith's reporting on that conversation with John Kelly, what Harris has been doing is campaigning with former Congressman Liz Cheney to court voters that we don't tend to think about as super gettable for Kamala Harris. And that's conservatives, including those who are anti-abortion.


Can you tell us what's going on there? Yeah, so they basically took Liz Cheney, who of course is a very prominent Republican who had come out against President Trump on a road show of the three blue wall states, and did these moderated conversations in key counties in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. And really what they are hunting for here is something that's called the Shy Harris voter. Hmm. This is someone who maybe is a Republican, probably a woman, more likely a woman who maybe doesn't wanna tell her friends that she's voting for Harris, but is concerned about Trump's rhetoric, his divisiveness, all the chaos that this person remembers from when Trump was in office and is gonna go the Harris campaign believes could go into the voting booth and pull the lever for Harris.


Now, as our friend and colleague and frequent podcast guest, Maggie Haberman reminded me earlier this morning, this is a common idea that we hear about in presidential politics. The shy voter and Maggie reminded me of the Shy Romney voters, which was a thing that I'm sure the three of us who covered Romney together at this table all remember. And that of course didn't manifest. Romney lost that election, but then in 16 we had a lot of talk of the shy Trump voter and those people were there and Trump won. So it's sort of a similar idea that there are these secret voters out there that they Harris campaign can pull even if they're not out there volunteering or even saying publicly that they're gonna vote for her, but They have to be activated. They have to be activated, and they believe they are available to her.


It's a pretty big bet and it's a bet that, you know, could end up determining which way this election goes. There was something Cheney said that I'm now remembering from one of these events that I think taps into this idea. I certainly have many Republicans who will say to me, I can't be public, And let's just play a clip and listen to Cheney for a second. They do worry about a whole range of things including violence, but they'll do the right thing. And I would just remind people, if you're at all concerned, you can vote your conscience and not ever have to say a word to anybody. And there will be millions of Republicans who do that on November 5th vote Vice President Harris.


You don't have to tell anyone like that as if it was literally a secret. That was really an amazing moment when she said that because it, it had come after she had said, it's okay to be pro-life and and vote for Kamala Harris. She was just building these different elements of a permission structure to say to conservatives and particularly conservative women, it is, okay, you can do this. I did it. And you too. You know, it's interesting because I have a story that was up today on how gender is such a defining piece of this election. And one detail we had in that story are these post-it notes and stickers that are popping up on women's bathrooms in the stall saying, woman to woman, nobody knows your vote.


Basically encouraging women to vote for Harris even if they don't wanna say so publicly. And obviously part of this we have to say is abortion rights as well is intertwined in this argument. But how appealing is that message, Lisa, to conservative women who are opposed to abortion? Because I get the sense that Liz Cheney's Yeah. Message was meant to reach them too. Well, we know that about 30% of Republicans support abortion rights in some form. And so those people could be inclined to vote for Harris, even if they don't typically vote for a Democrat on this issue. If, if, and this is a big if, if it continues to have the same potency that we saw abortion have in the midterm elections, which we just don't know because this is the first presidential election we're having in a post row world.


Right. Because it's not just Democrats who think that the restrictions at the state level since the fall of Roe have gone too far. In some cases it's gonna be moderate Republicans, interestingly though, Reid, even though you're not a woman, neither Harris nor Cheney talk much explicitly about Harris being a woman, especially the first woman who could be president. Well, Harris doesn't talk about that at all on the campaign trail. I mean, she came into this race after Joe Biden dropped out with a huge burst of energy, but everything was sort of implied. She did not come out and do the Hillary Clinton, I'm with her type of sloganeering. She sort of does more to make herself a generic Democrat than the trailblazing pathbreaking Democrat that she would be if she were to become the first woman president and the first black and south Asian president.


But she, throughout her career, has not gone out of her way to emphasize that piece of her biography. She has gone in to talk about her qualifications. And in this race, you know, we've known, and Nate has told us for more than a year that a generic Democrat beats Donald Trump in this race. And that is where she's trying to frame herself. Right? Self genericizing. I mean, and, and I don't mean that in a negative way, just making yourself less pioneering in that way. You know, it's worth noting. She was asked that question directly by NBC News on Tuesday night, and she made it really clear she does not believe that Americans want a president of a particular race and gender.


She is running to be a president for everybody. And that is the focus of her message. And she also said she's not worried about sexism, hampering her bed. So she is pushing hard to generic, as you said, size, generic size herself Onto Trump's week for just a moment. His closing argument seems very much attuned to viral moments. Nice to See you all. Wow. How are you? Nice to see you, huh? How good are the barbers here? Excellent. Excellent. Let's see. I Can see that he was at a barbershop in the Bronx talking to voters about the economy. And the viral moment that really seemed to break through was a stunt. I love McDonald's, I love jobs.


He went to work, Open it up, keep it tight. We got the salt on it Kind of at McDonald's for 15 or 20 minutes. Hello Everybody. This is not a normal situation, is it? Huh? I'm curious, read to someone who covers Kamala Harris. This felt like the kind of stunt that Kamala Harris would never do, but of course it was fundamentally supposed to be about her. I've now worked for 15 minutes more than Kamala. Okay. She, she never worked here. I've, right, and almost every time she speaks, she talks about her own middle class upbringing.


She has talked in the past about working at McDonald's as a summer job when she was in college, which is a story that the Trump campaign has tried to cast out that it ever happened. And so he went to McDonald's to try to illuminate this idea that she was inventing a piece of her biography. And it was a big troll of the Harris campaign. Nate, who was that event for? Besides Twitter. And every front page, It's for a group of working class black and Latino voters who have traditionally voted for Democratic candidates, but who are really upset about inflation and who are curious at least, and perhaps leaning towards voting for Donald Trump in this election.


And no small part because they believe that he'll do best on the economy. And to the extent that he has a weakness on the economy, it's on this sort of cares about people like you question, they may think he's a good manager of the economy, but they don't really buy that he's in it for them in any sort of way. And I think that this is an attempt to address maybe his single biggest weakness in this space, that he has any capacity to empathize with the struggles of the voters that he is hoping to win over. Effective, important. I mean, I don't know. It's hard to know what's important when you're in the middle of it. It certainly was a piece of political jiujitsu and it's part of his effort to cast her as too liberal, too elite out of touch with mainstream America who's working at and eating at the golden arches.


I mean, my big question about all of this is what we know is that when voters see more Trump, they tend to like him less. Right. And so I do wonder if putting him out there more helps him or hurts him. We Witnessed something else from Trump Over the past few days, which just seems notable because it's a continuation of Elisa. What we started talking about in our last round table, a growing vulgarity and kind of deliberate outrageousness, Trump ended up speaking about the manhood of the great golfer, Arnold Palmer. He called Kamala Harris lazy, he called her a vulgarity in front of the word vice president that began with S and Ns with T.


This felt like intentional crudeness. Yeah. Look, I think Donald Trump is trying to motivate as much of his base as possible. And he knows that many people in his base love that about him. They think it's authentic, they think it's real. They think he's flouting political correctness. But that, I think, does carry a real risk because what we also know is that for the past eight years, the biggest motivator in democratic politics has been Donald Trump. And its comments like that that sort of remind people of what they didn't like about him in previous races. So I do think that's part of what the Harris campaign is trying to capitalize on in these final days. You know, there can be a cost for courting his base, and that cost could be exactly the people that Harris is trying to pull into her camp.


These more moderate, probably more female Republican voters. Nate, as we conclude this conversation, I wanna remind you, you weren't here last week. So we talked about you behind your back. We talked about how in Lisa LA's infamous words, it's time to get off the polar coaster, the addiction we have to pull, You weren't supposed to repeat that to him Because the polls are so close. You said what? And then, and then they, you, you write a column in which you say, basically, I don't know how much attention you need to be paying to all these polls because they're really close. Yeah. But within that column, you also said, quote, the past week's polls made a clearer case for movement toward Mr. Trump.


So which is it? So first it's a high level. This is one of the most stable final months of polling that we have on record. The numbers have moved a little bit. You know, Harris had a three point lead, and now maybe it's a little bit under two, but compared to prior years, there's almost no movement at all. Now with the race so close, any little bit of movement is the difference potentially between whether one candidate can claim, and the claim deserves to be in quotes here, like a nominal substantively irrelevant advantage. And I think there are signs that on balance, the race has nudged ever so slightly towards Trump over the last month. But big picture, extremely stable, extremely close. And that's how it's been for a long time now.


So I think what Nate's really saying here is that my advice stands Get off the Rollercoaster, and if you need to exit the rollercoaster, you can get off. This is a really tight, It's in fact it's so stable that it's very safe to just walk off the polar ster right now. You know, it's like, what's that ride at Disney World that goes at like five miles an hour past all the, It's just small Worlds. Yeah. Yeah. It's like that part of it. We're gonna do some more polls, but like, I don't really expect them to show anything different. Maybe they will, but it'll probably be still really close on either side. We'll probably be able to win. Well, Let's just end rather than with a contemplation of whether your job should even exist at this point. That's a good question. With with with, with the reality that we don't have to rely so much on polling at this point because we have so much early voting. I think at this point it's 20 or so million Americans who have voted early.


And Lisa, when I brought this up last week, you quite memorably with an eh, said to me that I shouldn't consider this to be good news for the Democratic Party, for the Kamala Harris campaign, because we didn't know who was in that pool of early voters. What we have learned since then is that a lot of those early voters are Republican. Are we at a point where we can say that within this early vote there's surprising energy among the Republican party? No, not really. I mean, I, I was gonna give you more. I was gonna update my, eh, with a Hmm. Oh good. And Michael like, Hmm. Oh, that's pretty Good. Why can't we say that Almost all of the people who are participating in early voting at this stage are the sort of people who are absolutely going to vote.


And it doesn't really matter whether they vote two weeks before the election on election day, if you're the sort of person who went to day one of early voting, You are gonna vote anyway. You're gonna vote and you can, it's in the data, you know, you can see like, oh, hey, 95% of these people voted last time or something like that interest saying those that will vote on election day will be much different. But I think what it does tell us is the Republican aversion to early voting has changed, which was pushed by Trump has changed. We just don't have a baseline because the last election where early voting was so big was the pandemic was a pandemic. It was crazy. I mean, and it was a politicized pandemic where how you voted itself became a political act. Right. So there's no baseline to measure the level of Republican early vote against the previous level. But I do think it's interesting.


I I will give it a Michael like, Hmm. Very good. Okay. So the polls are so close that we shouldn't really obsess about small movements and the early vote is so ambiguous that we should not try too hard to decipher it With that new round of advice to our listeners, I thank you Lisa Reid, Nate, and in absentia, Mike Schmidt. Thanks you all. Thanks For having us. Thanks for having Thanks Michael. We will be right back


At Schwab. How you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own, plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


Support for this podcast comes from Aven Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community, and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents. Ohio Farm and AV Grid Wind Farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money, and I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@avgrid.com.


Here's what else you need to Notre Day. During a CNN Town Hall on Wednesday night, vice President Harris said that she agreed with the assessment of Donald Trump's former chief of staff, John Kelly, that Trump fits the definition of a fascist. Let me ask you tonight, do you think Donald Trump is a Fascist? Yes, I do. Yes I do. And I, and I also believe that the people who know him best on this subject should be trusted. Again. Look At their, and the US Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin, confirmed that North Korea has sent troops to Russia to join the fight against Ukraine, a major new development in the war.


If There they're co belligerent, their intention is to participate in this war on Russia's behalf. That is a very, very serious issue. Austin described Russia's reliance on North Korean soldiers as a sign that Vladimir Putin has grown desperate. This is an indication that he may be even in more trouble than, than most people realize. But again, he went, Today's episode was produced by Olivia Natt, Rob zip code, and Shannon Lin. It was edited by Lexi Dio and Paige Cott contains original music by Dan Powell and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Broberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonderland. That's it for The. Daily, I'm Michael Babara Barro. See you tomorrow.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices you can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.