
This podcast is supported by the PBM Accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency, break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


Hey, it's Michael. I'm here with some news about this show. Starting next week, The New York Times is going to be putting a paywall on all of its podcasts, including The Daily, meaning that in order to have full access to New York Times podcasts, you'll need to subscribe. Don't be scared by that. The easy way to access everything, if you ask me, is to become a subscriber to all of The New York Times. If you do that, you'll get access to all the podcasts, every single show, and you'll also get full access to the entire New, York, Times games, cooking culture, domestic news, foreign news, the most distinctive news report in the world, and you'll be supporting the work of our newsroom.


But if you don't want to go that route, you can choose option number two and sign up for New York Times audio subscription. Now, that won't get you all that other great stuff I just mentioned, but it will get you access to all New York Times podcast, including The Daily past episodes, early access to episodes, bonus content. Now, just to be clear and totally transparent, do you have to subscribe to hear New York Times podcast to hear The Daily? No, you don't. We want everyone to be able to listen. So the most recent episodes of all shows, including The Daily, are gonna remain free as you're deciding what to do with all this information, I just wanna say to you our incredible loyal audience.


We started this show during the 2016 election. We created The Daily as a way of helping you, our listener, understand a hugely complicated moment. And honestly, that's remained our guiding star ever since you. We think about you all the time. We think about you obsessively. We think about what you're curious about, what's confusing to you, what you'd love to learn, what will challenge you, what will move you and make you laugh and enrich your life. That's really how we operate. You are why we do our work, and we hope very much that when you see a subscription option next week on Apple Podcasts and on Spotify, that you'll look at it as a way to support our work, the work that we truly do for you.


Okay, that was a lot. I admit it. Thank you for hearing me out. Thank you, most of all for listening to this show. Like I said, we're gonna be saying a lot more about this in the coming days, but if you want more information in the meantime, you can go to ny times.com/podcasts From The New York Times, I'm Michael Bobro. This is The Daily. She called out former President Donald Trump for spreading misinformation about the federal response to Hurricane Helene In, the campaign for president. this was the week when back to Back. Natural disasters became an inescapable part of the race. We are thrilled that joining us right now for her very first talk show appearance When Kamala Harris chose to meet the press, My fellow Americans, my guest tonight is the Democratic nominee for President of the United States.


And when Donald Trump faced new and serious accusations of cozying up to Russia's president In journalist Bob Woodward's forthcoming book war, he details a close relationship between former President Trump and Putin the fame. We tried to make sense of all of that with three of my colleagues, chief Political Analyst, Nate Kuhn, the host of the Times Campaign podcast, the Runup Ted Herndon and Senior Political Correspondent, Maggie Haberman. It's Thursday, October 10th. So here we are, round table number three, Historic almost getting routine, Almost ritualistic.


And with me three of the greats, Maggie Haberman, Ted Herndon, Nate Cohen. Thank you all for joining us. Thanks For having us. Yeah, thank You. Thank you. Michael. I just wanna start by acknowledging when we're having this conversation at the outset, something I wish I had done last week, because news changes between the time we tape these conversations and when they run it is about 1:00 PM on Wednesday before Hurricane Milton has made landfall. This is a huge and dangerous storm that, as with Hurricane Helene will no doubt become a human tragedy. And inevitably, I suspect, enter this campaign.


As of right now, it hasn't made landfall and that hasn't happened. But Maggie, based on how Donald Trump handled Hurricane Helene last week, how quickly should we expect this storm? And I know this is weird to even say, but how quickly do we expect this storm to become political or politicized? I think probably before it hits, and we're still in the, before it hits window, but Donald Trump doesn't usually wait until events happen to cast his view of how they should play out. Remember, his campaign headquarters is in Florida. Hmm. He lives in Florida. So I think that he will have all kinds of things to say about it. And he has made very plain that he is willing to say all kinds of things that are not true about the storm response to Helene.


And, and just Remind us what, what, what he did. 'cause I think maybe past may be prologue in this case. So He's been describing the Biden administration as sending FEMA money to undocumented migrants as opposed to using it for storm relief. Any evidence of that, There's certainly evidence that money has been used from FEMA for undocumented migrants, but he's linking these things and they are not related. He is describing a disaster relief effort as inefficient and poor when the governors involved here in North Carolina and Georgia really are not saying that he claimed that the governor of Georgia couldn't get through to the President, which wasn't true.


And so it's been on and on and on like this. And the, the point is to see the idea that there's an incompetent response Of which of course Kamala Harris in theory is a part of, Right? And because he has been trying to tie Harris to Biden and make her own everything that happens in the administration. And so that's the political advantage, although frankly I think he'd be doing it anyway. But I, I expect you'll see more of the same Nate, the two states most directly affected by these back, back-to-back storms. They matter. They do on a map where only a few states matter, North Carolina, Georgia, now Florida, does this actually potentially impact who votes, how many people vote the outcome? I think the short answer is yes, in a close election, anything can make a difference.


And here we're talking about a, a wide swath of a critical battleground state where people still don't have electricity. They may not be in their homes anymore. North Carolina, North Carolina, it's worth noting that the area that's been affected is predominantly Republican. This is in the rural western part of the state where republicans have to run the score to counter democratic strength in Raleigh and Charlotte and also in the predominantly black population centers of Eastern North Carolina in a close election. I don't see how anyone could rule out the idea that could be decisive. As for Florida, it's hard to see a huge electoral consequence there. That state has drifted off the top tier battleground state list. Trump won the state comfortably in 2020.


The Democrats haven't contested it vigorously in 2024. And our most recent poll found Donald Trump with a surprisingly large double digit lead. So it is not likely that any political fallout there will have any bearing on the overall outcome of the election. Okay. Since you brought it up, I wanna turn to the latest round of times polling. I think, Nate, it makes sense for you to start with the big top line findings. You described this latest times Sienna poll as nine polls in one, which is seems like a mathematical impossibility. But briefly describe what we found and why it matters Briefly. Kamala Harris led the poll nationwide by four points. It's the best showing that Harris has had in a times C national poll this cycle.


Almost everything under the hood looked better for her than usual. A surprisingly large share, 9% of Republicans said that they intended to vote for her. She was doing better, though not necessarily great among young and non-white voters than some of our previous polls. This is one of the best set of results we've produced for Harris. It is worth noting though that even if Harris does win the national vote by four points, in no way assures her a victory. Biden won by four and a half points last time, and he only barely squeaked by in the critical battleground states. So although it's a good result for her, it's still fundamentally consistent with a coin flip. I found interesting from this poll, and I'm surprised you did not mention it, that Kamala Harris has now seen or considered much more than she has been in the past, the change candidate.


That seems significant. I said to the degree that that's true. And Nate, you can fact check that. How do we think Kamala Harris pulled that off? She's the incumbent vice president. The challenge always seemed to be to rival Trump as a embodiment of newness and change in this race. Well, I think Harris benefits from the fact that she hasn't been president before and she is not 80 years old nor a man. Right? I think that all of those things that's change, all of those things represent a change in the office that wouldn't have been there before. I, I think the poll is a reflection of a premise that Democrats and the Biden turned terrorist campaign has had for a while, which is that as this election will get closer, people will get more scared about Donald Trump.


Hmm. And that issues like abortion will become more tangible to folks and rise on their priority list, particularly in those battlegrounds that we're talking about. And so I think if you're the Harris campaign that's been the card that you've been trying to play the whole time, I think right now they're basically running the playbook they want. And so I I, I think if you look at that poll and you're them, there are signs that it could be quote unquote working, but I think it still presumes 51 49. And what's wrong with that presumption or right about it? I guess like we're talking about differences in the degree, like, so I, I don't really have a great answer for you because I don't know if she has landed the brand of change candidate.


I think as of right now, she is doing better with the electorate on that specific question. But I think that's the question that this all hinges on. No, I agree with that. I, Ted is absolutely right. We are seeing the Biden Harris theory of the case congealing to some extent, right? That basically this is the later stage of general election. A lot of voters had not been tuned in. A lot of people have tuned out of politics to a great extent since 2020 and are now paying more attention just in this final stage. But what it means, I don't know, Nate, it would be much smarter in this than I am, but he's smarter Than all of Us. Well, and on everything No, no, really, but certainly on what I'm about to say, there is a scenario that some pollsters have privately described to me where Harris could win by a, the popular vote by a smaller margin than Biden or Hillary Clinton did, but still eke out a victory in the Battlegrounds.


And that is not something we have seen before. But Nate, tell me if You think I'm wrong. I don't think you're wrong, and I think our Florida poll is part of that. There are, just explain that because we just talked about how Florida is no longer a swing state. So why you keep referring to Florida as if it's somehow revealing? Well, Maggie mentioned that Harris might do worse than prior Democratic candidates in non-competitive states while holding up in the core battlegrounds. If that were to be true, you would expect to see polls where Donald Trump's doing pretty darn well in a state like Florida, where he will rack up additional votes in the popular vote, but no additional electoral votes in the electoral college. It doesn't matter whether Trump wins Florida by three or 14, but if you make a 10 point gain in Florida, if you make a 10 point gain in New York where the polls also show Donald Trump doing very well, those two states alone shave a whole point off of Harris's potential lead in the popular vote.


And there could be other states out there like that. One thing that I think we saw in the 2022 midterm election Yeah. Is that the issues of the last few years, starting with the coronavirus, the backlash against woke crime, immigration, abortion January 6th, all these issues were felt very differently in different parts of the country. We saw Florida go to the right, we saw Pennsylvania go to the left in the midterm election. And I think we, I at least at the time, interpreted that as about the issues that the particular candidates were running on. And I think that as more polls come out in this general election, it seems like it was more than that. Seems like the upheaval in American life after the pandemic and during the pandemic had a lasting impact on different parts of the country.


And that may mitigate Harris's advantage in the popular vote. And it may not do as much in the battleground states, especially if something like Donald Trump trying to steal the last election left a bigger mark on the people whose votes were trying to be flipped. I just wanna make sure I understand what you're saying. Trump could be doing better and better in a place like Florida and seemingly leave Kamala Harris in the dust. And you're saying don't mistake that for actually meaning she's struggling in the battleground states, she might still be doing better there because culturally, politically, they are just less likely to drift into some of these more extreme swings. I, I think that's right. And I don't, I, I actually think that some of it's about the way that these states experienced the pandemic and its aftermath.


Floridians came out of that experience apparently being much more skeptical of the views of the establishment left and in the same experience didn't happen in Pennsylvania. And in fact, they may have had the exact opposite takeaway from their experiences there. That's really interesting. And I think that all this may have happened long before the election, given that we saw all of this in the midterms where the Republicans have won the house popular vote, but nearly lost the house. I wanna talk about how Kamala Harris is trying to win these battleground states where her chances seem relatively good. She went on a uncharacteristic media blitz this past week, Daddy Gang, I went to Washington DC to interview Vice President Kamala Harris.


Welcome back to All the Smoke. We got a very special guest today. Very excited to sit down and talk to Miss Madame Vice President. Thank you, Kamala, you, it is so good to be Thank you for sitting down with us. It feels immodest to me to talk about myself, which apparently I'm doing right now, But Right. But you have to, right? I mean, this is, you're running For office. You, I said, I wanna talk about why she went on this media blitz. A lot has been made of the shows that she chose to go on. Obviously The Daily was not one of them. They were, or The Runup Want more or the runup, her loss invitations lost in the mail. But I, I think it's important to note that each of them had a very specific constituency, but then also to just kind of tackle the totality of what she's up to.


Yeah, I mean, I think you're referring to her recent appearances on the Caller Daddy podcast and also all the smoke that she did, Not to mention The View and the Colbert Show. Howard Stern, Howard, Howard Stern, Howard, Howard Stern. I think it is clear that the Harris campaign sees this effort as their attempts to win low propensity voters of people Not likely to vote, Not likely to vote. And so I think that the media strategy reflects a core belief of what the campaign has been saying for a long time, which is they don't think traditional and mass media are the ways that they reach those people. And so I don't think it's surprising that in the final month they're really ramping up some of those appearances, I guess. I think like these things work on multiple fronts, like I think some of the journalists whining about it or just being whining, like, are you talking to me?


'cause about access, you, me access and stuff hardly the first time. Like, you know, like I think like we can call some of our people out, like it's been ridiculous. But I also think that we can't act like this is just a good faith effort on their part. Like it makes a lot of sense of why they're doing the shows, but this comes as they've done less and less of traditional media. And so when we see a, a Harris candidate have electorate saying they don't know a lot about her, or that they wish that her policy was more fleshed out, some of that I think is a response to not feeling like they've got some of those more traditional answers. And so I guess I'm saying I understand why they're doing it, but I also don't think it solves a core problem. It is an attempt to reach a different type of audience, but the turning those people into voters is only one thing they have to do.


Answering the core questions about her beliefs and ideology is another thing they have to do. And so I think that the non-traditional stops succeed on the former, but don't really help the latter. Nate, you and I have talked about this concept that for quite some time, Kamala Harris avoided what felt like a lot of opportunities to tell a story of her candidacy. And this clearly seemed like a corrective. And one thing that you said to me, I think it was last week, we were just chitchatting, you talked about the value of just giving people something to attach themselves to about a candidate, which of course Donald Trump has done for years. In watching some of these interviews that Kamala Harris did, I found what seemed like ample opportunities to grab hold of some humanity.


I'm thinking of the moment that Stephen Colbert asked her to look at a portrait of herself with her hand under her chin from the first debate with Donald Trump. This moment went viral from the debate, can you tell us what you're thinking at this moment right here? And he asked her, you know, what, what were you thinking in this now iconic photo? And she had a very funny answer. She said, It's, it's family tv, right? It starts with a W, there's a letter in between, and then the N, the last letter's F. And that is a changed strategy from the kind of more bunkered Kamala Harris that I think you and I were talking about when we had that conversation. Yeah. There are a lot of different ways that a candidate can forge a real connection with a voter, much in the same way as we can all have different bases for our friendships.


Like we could like shared activities or we can enjoy our someone's intellect or Be competitive like Maggie and I, right? Yeah. A politician can forge a personal tie, they can do it on policy. And I think that it's worth giving Harris some credit for having a lot of the softer and more superficial aspects of appeal down all the way to not having a major scandal against her. Hmm. I, these are things that we often take for granted, but a lot of politicians have a lot more personal baggage hung around their necks by now. I don't if you want to convince yourself that Harris is a bad person, the Trump campaign hasn't really given you a lot of material. And I think it makes sense for Harris to lean in to her personal attributes because that's a strength for her.


And it's a big change from four years ago. They really had to convince her. And it's clear that there has been some success in convincing her to do more of the kind of opening up. Personally, if I would just say from my perspective, I don't run into people who don't think Kamala Harris is not a nice person or a good person. The question I always get is about substance key Question, a question she has left somewhat unanswered. Yeah. I think a key question to me is when, you know, when we ask voters where they have a favorable view of her, and they often say, yes, a majority of voters in this poll say they have a favorable view of her, but they don't support her. Is that I like Kamala Harris and I'm just gonna wait for more and she'll steal the deal. Or is there a but there where I like her, but she's a lightweight and I don't buy that she can handle the job.


And I don't think we're gonna know the answer to that till the end. But I think it's fair to say and I, that no one really thinks she has great angle for tackling that specific question down the stretch. I mean, just to state the obvious here, it's number one in, in our poll, she has closed the gap somewhat with Trump on the economy issue. It is, it is not as pronounced as it was before. So she is making some headway, number one. But number two, the, the, but that Nate is talking about, you know, the, the unstated variable there is, she is a woman. And I don't know how much this factors into people's thinking, whether they would ever voice that or not. In some cases they obviously would. But there's also this basic asymmetry going on where, you know, we're sort of talking about how she needs to provide more substance and she needs to be clear.


And, and I think all of those things are true, but she's also running against somebody who, you know, rants for an hour and a half at a rally three days a week about sharks or this or that or the other. And it's the, the challenge for anybody running against Trump is to have it sort of look level. Yeah. You know, this is the sort of thing that's so hard to measure in a poll. We can't ask people, right, well, do you have doubts about Harris? She's a woman because she's woman. Like, you know, what are they gonna say? Right. But I think it's very hard to avoid the conclusion that the burden on her to perform in this area is higher because she's a woman. There's one constituency that I didn't see represented in the media outlets that Kamala Harris went to, and that was young men.


That's an area where Maggie Kreer, if I'm wrong, Donald Trump and JD Vance spent a lot of their time, especially in the podcasting world and in their media selections is Kamala Harris seeding that group of voters to Donald Trump? I think she's maximizing her time and efficiency. And I think those are not just a, those are low propensity voters, right? Who, you know, the Trump campaign is, is pretty clear in private conversations. Yeah. That they need to turn these people into voters as opposed to just people who listen to podcasts, number one, but, but number two, the chances that she's going to peel them away when you have 20 some odd days left. Right. It's just not clear that that's a valuable use of her time. The gender divide is massive in this election, but this makes sense to me that this is not something she's doing.


I just don't think it's an area where she can have massive success. Is It also, if you have one side of the gender gap? I would rather take women than men. Like Yeah, that's Can you, can you, can you explain that? Obviously that's not just a personal propensity. Yes. I'm saying like women vote more often, like, you know, I think it's a harder task to turn that group into voters other than the one that she's doing better with. And I think that side of it is just as important For all the reasons everyone seems to be establishing here. Nate, is it wise for Trump to be so focused on young men, given what Maggie Anesta just said? I mean, you don't get to choose your opportunities in an election. I'm sure that he would love to have an opportunity to do much better among white college graduates who are 65 and older, who are all but sure to vote in this election.


But that's not who Donald Trump is. He alienated that vote a long time ago. They show up in special election, special election. Democrats are winning all of them. For him to win this election, he does need to turn out a group of irregular voters. He's not going to get all of them to the polls, but if he can go from 30% to 40% of those people voting, that can be decisive in a lot of these states. And that's the hand he has to play. We're gonna take a break. It's now ritual, Maggie. We'll be right back.


Amgen, a leading biotechnology company needed a global financial company to facilitate funding and acquisition to broaden Amgen's therapeutic reach, expand its pipeline, and accelerate bringing new and innovative medicines to patients in need. Globally. They found that partner in Citi, who seamlessly connected banking markets and services. Businesses can advise finance and close deals around the world. Learn more at citi.com/client stories.


Support for this podcast comes from Aven Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community, and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents' Ohio Farm. An Avangrid wind farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money, and I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@avgrid.com.


Okay. So we tend to think of this race as having a pretty defined issue set, which is the economy, immigration, abortion. So I found myself, I'd add democracy by the way to the fourth. Yep. Good. I found myself as a result of this, fascinated by an ad that the Republicans supporting Trump, and I believe Trump himself, have apparently put the most money behind. According to a times analysis that came out within the past few days. It's an ad about trans people, and I wanna talk about what the Trump campaign is up to in putting this out in the world. It's hard to believe, but it's true. Even the liberal media was shocked.


Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens. Every Transgender inmate would have access Kamala for they them. President Trump is for you. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. Maggie, what's your reaction to this ad and are you surprised that this is the ad that the Republicans and Trump are putting the most money behind or close to it in many of the swing states? So it's a really in your face ad Sure is. And the focuses on something that Harris said in her last campaign, which was that she supported, and I think it was an answer in response to a survey she favored allowing transgender people who were undocumented immigrants.


I think, and I guess the ad also refers to the prison population to have access to medical care. And in the Trump campaign's mind this is something radical and this is something that they can use to get voters attention to try to give them a segue into other issues where they might have doubts about Harris on. So this is really basically jumping through the television screen and grabbing people by the lapels. And that's, that's the idea, is to get voters attention. Does an ad like that Nate influence swing voters? Or is it really meant, as Maggie said, to shore up republicans who see this and may end up thinking, well, wow, that's something I didn't know. It's something I don't like, I gotta go vote against that.


I think the short answer is that it does affect swing voters. This particular issue is not the one that I would've guessed they would put their chips behind. But it is worth working through the various ways that it can potentially help them. Please do. It Does reinforce one of their core critiques of Harris is that she's too far to the left. I do think that there's almost a risk that this one will feel almost a little too crazy to people. It's such a niche topic that it will feel out of left field for a lot of people, I think. But if that's not how they take it, if they say, wow, Harris believes this thing that I think is really extreme and crazy, those are the lines that can make a big difference to voters and can lead them to think this candidate is not for me in some basic way.


It also worth noting, by the way, I do think these issues resonate a bit among a demographic group. We were just talking about younger men. I think that the backlash against woke is a major factor that helps explain some of the shifts we've seen in recent years. Ted, is this something that Kamala Harris do you think is worried about? And how much for you as someone who covered her last campaign closely thinks about it a lot? Is this just a reflection of how much she's changed as a candidate? Because the candidate of Kamala Harris today who wants to talk about, you know, having a Glock in her closet and being ready to use it, doesn't seem or sound like the candidate who would've said that on a stage. Well, yeah, when I hear that, I think about just how the 2019 primary was its own world and that world unto Itself.


Right? It really was. That World was completely disconnected from most of the Democratic electorate, much less the general election. Like I remember you're Talking about the moment where she's in the Democratic primary four years Ago trying to Come on Thing that, and I think it said a lot of the things that Republicans are still holding on for her, she's had to walk back or kind of issue statements saying she no longer supports the biggest one. I think being single payer health insurance and signing on the Bernie Sanders bill. But I remember that time and I was like, what do these people think this election's gonna be about? Right? Like there's in the way this election's actually about the type of stuff they're fighting about right now. And so when I hear that, I think about just how there was a period in 2019, I think early 2020 where progressive activist language had taken over the top levels of Democratic party.


And I think they're still paying for that in some senses. But I think that all adds up to the kind of unserious caricature. They're trying to paint a fur And it's obviously a hard problem to solve when you, for six months say a lot of things that you wish you hadn't said. Right. But they don't have a way of pivoting past that. Okay. I want to switch to something that happened Over the past few days to Trump. Maggie, we get this last minute claim Over the past few days, and it's feeling very significant. It's generating a lot of news cycles via the journalist Bob Woodward, that Trump has been having secret phone calls and not just one or two or three, but up to seven with Russian president Vladimir Putin since he left office.


This raises all kinds of issues, of course, given Russia's history of interfering in our elections, favoring Trump in that interference. But also just because Russia is an adversary and the US is supplying weapons to Ukraine that are in some instances killing Russian soldiers in a war that Putin started. So the idea that Trump is frequently checking in with Putin is very, very notable as far as you can tell. Maggie, is that happening and is this going to be become another case where the issue of Russia weeks before an election starts to matter again? So a couple of things. It is the definition of whoa, if true and the if true is doing a lot of work, it could clean, it could be true.


We have not been able to confirm this. If it is true, it is objectively a big deal for all of the reasons you said. I would just asterisk that I don't know that Donald Trump needs to be having secret conversations with Putin to say the things that Trump says that are praising of Russia or praising Putin. Yeah. Trump is pretty out there describing Putin's invasion of Ukraine as smart. Yeah. And suggesting that Ukraine may need to give up some of its territory, which is obviously the Russian objective and what Russia favors. So I think that for the vast majority of undecided voters, maybe this will end up being another brick in a much larger wall. But I don't think it's going to be the decisive factor. Ted, I wanna end our conversation with you.


It is truly a gift to have you in the studio because you have racked up, I think, the most frequent flyer miles of anyone, at least on the audio team, maybe the whole Newsroom. I just crossed a Delta Diamond Medallion this week, and it's the biggest thing that's happened in my life. Wow. Wow. Congratulations. Did they give you congratulations? Did they give you a card? Was there a confetti? I literally, I got the email yesterday. Oh, the Captain. The captain come greet you. Plane Movie. Like, I'm waiting for that though. Like, baby, we're going to Georgia this weekend. I'm gonna walk into the flight like, do y'all know All, all to say you've been talking to voters nonstop this entire campaign season in a unique and admirable way. And I want to know over the past week or so in your travels, which have been extensive, what conversation you've had with a voter that stands out to you and why?


And let's perhaps get the last word to that voter. I think about a guy named Jake. I talked to him Minnesota last week. We went to Tim Wall's, old congressional district to watch the VP debate between Governor Walls and JD Vance. And this is of course in southern Minnesota where it's more rural. We were focusing on rural folders. And it's a district that's moved from obviously when Walls was representing it, represented by a Democrat to now being represented by a Republican and kind of reflects some of the ships happening outside of the Twin Cities in Minnesota. And I was talking to this guy who was 25, he did not vote in the last election, just like felt it was kind of inconvenient. Hmm. And was planning on voting on this one and said he was torn because he agreed with Trump on the economy and immigration, but didn't like him.


And he thought Harris was a much nicer person and he cared about abortion rights. And he felt You're, you're bringing this whole thing together. And I was like, you know, we look for you. You are the one. They found you Jake, you're like America's most powerful voter, Right? Yeah. The unicorn. Yeah. Right. And I was trying to ask him what, how he prioritizes what issue over another, like, you know, how you feel about these two, so how what is gonna come down to the end? And he, he was really explicit in the way that I think a lot of undecided have been with us, which is like, it's just what's gonna matter most to me as I'm driving there. Wow. And wow. I thought that was, to me a great reminder of those are the type of People, day of day of what I consume.


Yeah. What I care about, what I feel. Those are the type of people we're talking about here. He had watched the previous debate, he had just watched the VP debate and he was actually, he was fairly issue knowledgeable, but still it was just a matter of the randomness of what he chose to prioritize. And I think all votes count the same. And I believe that. Right. And so I like talking to those type of people because they remind me that like not everyone is as deep in this as we are. And for the people who decide how this goes, he's a lot closer to them than I am. So shout out to Jake. I love Jake Pro Jake and Jake is representative of undecided. Jake is the one.


Jake is, you Found him. He captures everything. Both candidates in this election have real strengths on issues that are extremely important and that in other races could yield decisive outcomes. There's a hypothetical world where the economy is good right now and Harris is cruising. There's a world where Donald Trump did not attempt to steal the last election and where the Supreme Court didn't overturn Roe versus Wade, where maybe he's cruising to a decisive victory. But both of these candidates have real strengths. We will see over the next month what issues are talked about most in the media, what the candidates choose to close the campaign on and see whether either bundle of issues that work to the advantage of one candidate will dominate the conversation in the end.


And cause Jake and other undecided voters to be thinking about either the economy or January 6th or abortion or whatever it may be that could ultimately move them as a group one way or the other. I think that's gonna make a big difference. Well guys and Gal, thank you very much. Nate, Maggie, Ted, Michael, a pleasure, Michael. Thank you. Thank you for having us. Yeah. We'll do it again soon. Probably to hear a deeper conversation about polling and the state of the race between Ted and Nate. Listen to this week's episode of the Runup, which is out today.


And you can watch a video version of this episode@nytimes.com slash The Daily, or on the YouTube channel for New York Times podcasts. We'll be right back.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home, Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.


Wanna shop Walmart, black Friday deals first? Walmart plus members Get early access to our hottest deals. Join now and get 50% off a one year annual membership Shop Black Friday deals first with Walmart plus. See terms at walmart plus com.


Here's what else you need to know today. So the storm is here. It's time for everybody to hunker down. On Wednesday night, hurricane Milton made landfall just south of Tampa in the city of Sarasota. As a category three storm flooding was quickly reported across the state along with a series of tornadoes. One of those tornadoes killed multiple people. When it touched down at a retirement community on Florida's east coast, a full picture of the storm's damage was still emerging. But as of early Thursday morning, more than 100 homes had already been destroyed.


And Kamala Harris has raised more than $1 billion in campaign donations in less than three months as a presidential candidate more than Donald Trump has announced. Raising for all of 2024. No presidential candidate is believed to have raised so much money so fast after entering a race. Today's episode was produced by Diana Wynn and Moog Sadie. It was edited by Paige Cot, contains original music by Dan Powell and Marian Lazano and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley.


Our theme music is by Jim Broberg and Ben Landsberg of Winterland. That's it for The Daily, I'm Michael Bobro. See you tomorrow.


Your brand deserves better than one size fits all branded clothing. Lanzen Outfitters creates apparel your team will want to wear backed by above and beyond expertise. Go to business.lanzen.com/pod 20 and use Code Pod 20 for 20% off your first product.