
Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Well, I've been waiting this moment for 15 months. Finally, I cannot hear any drones. For 15 months I've been away from seeing my daughters. I'll be happy when I'm return to North Gaza. I know it's completely destroyed, but still I wanna go there. I wanna go to see my daughters, to hug them, to feel like they are still alive From The New York Times.


I'm Sabrina Taver, and This is The Daily. After more than a year of war, Israel and Hamas have agreed to a temporary cease. Fire Relief, I guess would be the first reaction. I'll be relieved when the hostages are back in Israel. That's when I'll be relieved. It prompted hope that the war could soon end. I am still worried, afraid of the implementation of this ceasefire agreement, But also worry that the tentative terms could easily fall apart. I don't know what will happen next. Today, my colleague Patrick Kingsley on why the agreement finally happened and what it means for Gaza Israel and the broader Middle East.


It's Thursday, January 16th. Patrick, you've been covering this war since the very start. In fact, we've had you on so many times to explain to us the developments, to really educate us about what's going on there. And after many failed attempts at a ceasefire, one has finally been agreed on. We're speaking on Wednesday afternoon so far. What do we know about what it says? In essence, it's a three stage ceasefire that could, if all goes well, end up being a permanent truce. The first phase is the only part of the deal that is really nailed down.


That's a six week phase during which 33 hostages, mostly a lie, but some of them dead are set to be released by Hamas and its allies who captured those hostages right at the start of the war on October 7th, 2023. And in exchange, Israel is supposed to release several hundred Palestinian prisoners from Israeli jails. And during that six weeks, we also expect Israeli troops to gradually withdraw, allowing several hundred thousand Palestinians who are displaced from their homes in northern Gaza to tents and makeshift camps in the south of the Strip to return to their homes to move back northward to a decimated Gaza city.


During all of that movement and exchanges of captives, there will be more negotiations to see if they can extend this initial six week phase into another six week phase during which the deal is supposed to become permanent and more hostages are supposed to be released for more prisoners. The problem is there is still much to be negotiated about that second phase. And Patrick, what still remains to be negotiated exactly, There seems to be still some disagreement about where exactly Israel will withdraw from.


And there's enough ambiguity in there that the deal could collapse after six weeks, if not before. And that ambiguity is intentional. Israel and first and foremost, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not want to agree to a deal that would definitively end the war. Hamas had the opposite perspective. They wanted a deal that would end the war for certain. And so the mediators between the two sides came up with ambiguous wording that would allow each side to feel like they were getting more or less what they want. The wording allows Israel to say that they can break the arrangement after six weeks, and it provides the possibility for Hamas that the ceasefire will extend beyond 42 days into something permanent and that they will be able to survive the war intact as a group and in power as the governing force over Gaza.


Patrick, you've talked through two phases. What's the third phase? The third phase would not be significantly different from the second phase, but there would be final exchanges of dead bodies and other human remains, as well as the start of a massive reconstruction project to rebuild the Gaza Strip over several years. So why after all these months is this ceasefire finally happening? Now, I think there's several factors here. One, Israel is stronger, two Hamas is weaker, and three, the Trump administration is about to come into power and has put pressure on prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli leader.


Yeah. So let's dig into each of those points then. Why don't you start with Israel stronger. Since last summer, Israel has had a series of military successes. It has most obviously weakened. Hamas taken over more of the Gaza Strip, destroyed more of Hamas' infrastructure, killed more Hamas leaders, including Yahi Sinis, the man who did more than anyone to mastermind the October 7th attack on Israel at the start of the war. Further afield, Israel has substantially weakened Hezbollah a key ally of Hamas in Lebanon.


It has weakened Hamas' main benefactor, Iran destroying much of its air defenses. And another member of the Iran LED alliance, the Syrian government has collapsed. So Prime Minister Netanyahu can present more or less the same deal to the Israeli public, and in particular to his far right allies as being less of a capitulation as it was once seen by parts of his coalition government because he and Israel are coming from a position of greater military strength. And the flip side is that Hamas is therefore weaker.


Gaza is decimated Hamas' goal of setting off a kind of broader regional conflict that would substantially weaken Israel or perhaps even destroy it has come to nothing. And the going analysis is that this has made Hamas more willing to come to the table and agree to a a deal that was on that table already for several months. And the third factor is the Trump factor. It's the Biden administration in tandem with the Qy government and the Egyptian government that has done most of the running in the negotiations, helping to draft the details of this agreement that has just been signed and conjoling the Israeli government for more than a year towards this agreement.


But it seems to be the incoming Trump administration president-elect Trump himself and his incoming Middle East envoy, Steve Witkoff, that have applied the pressure that has been the straw that broke the camels back. Steve Witkoff came to Israel last week, met with Netanyahu since that meeting, the negotiations have gone from advancing fairly slowly to suddenly getting to the point of a deal being reached. And it seems to be that Trump who has said for months that he wants to see a deal by the time of his inauguration early next week may have been the decisive factor in getting this deal over the line.


And what exactly did Whitcoff say? I mean, how did he put pressure on Netanyahu that may have kind of really moved it for the Israelis? Here We went inside the room. So we can't say for sure, but it's, it's possible that it was some combination of carrot and stick. The stick being that Trump who's a unpredictable actor, would be very angry if a deal wasn't reached. The carrot may be that the Trump administration will back Netanyahu if he decides to resume the war after six weeks. That was less likely under President Biden. But it's seen as being potentially more likely under a Trump administration who might grant greater leeway to Israel in Gaza than President Biden.


The reverse could also be true, having helped to author this deal that Trump administration may see its reputation as being tied to its success and may place more pressure on Netanyahu in several weeks. And we await to see which of those two outcomes will be the case. So is the Trump envoy working directly with the Biden people on this? That's been one of the more remarkable aspects of the recent days of negotiations. You've had representatives of two administrations that really don't see eye to eye and have very different visions of American democracy joining forces to get this deal over the line.


The Biden administration that has led the way in drafting and wrangling over many of the details over so many months in these negotiations, it's Trump's Middle East Envoy who appears to have played a major role in getting this deal suddenly over the line in recent days. So those are the mechanics of the deal. And we are left with questions about how exactly those mechanics will play out. And we're also left with questions about what all this means in the long term for Israelis, for Palestinians in Gaza, in the West Bank, and also for the region, the Middle East as a whole.


We will be right back.


Support for this podcast comes from Northwestern Medicine. He had been turned down by other institutions due to the complexity of the case case. That's Dr. Chris Metta, a cardiac surgeon at Northwestern Medicine in Chicago, referring to a patient who had come to him with a nearly football sized tumor attached to his heart. Cancers that invade into the heart are extremely rare, and in most of these situations, these cancers are not surgically removable. But Northwestern Medicine is known for its innovative approach to difficult cases. This was no exception. As soon as we went through the sternum, you could immediately see how massive this tumor really was. The breakthrough surgery was a success. When I saw him walk into our clinic a couple of months after his surgery, I was just amazed at his recovery. I was so proud of the progress that he had made. Northwestern Medicine is a place that really takes on the most complex, most challenging cases. I think that's one thing that makes Northwestern stand apart. Visit nm.org/breakthroughs for more. That's nm.org/breakthroughs.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


So Patrick, how should we understand this deal and and what it means for Gaza, for Hamas, for Israel, and really for the world? For Gazen, it is at least for a few weeks, respite from one of the most intense aerial campaigns in ground invasions, certainly in the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but also in 21st century warfare. And even if this deal collapses after six weeks, it gives them the opportunity to have a night's sleep without bombardment. It gives people a chance to find their loved ones whose corpses have been trapped on the rubble for months. In some cases over a year.


It gives hundreds of thousands of Palestinians in Southern Gaza. The ability to finally, after more than a year of displacement, return home to Northern Gaza. Scores of universities, hospitals, medical centers have been destroyed during this war, and it could even take decades to repair some of that damage. And Patrick, who will do all of that rebuilding. So Hamas as a movement and the Hamas controlled ga, and authorities don't really have the ability to do much of this on their own. They're going to rely on massive overseas help from the rest of the Arab world, from the United Nations, and exactly how that is going to work has not yet been decided.


And Patrick, what about Hamas in the context of this deal? What does the deal mean for that group? The deal gives them the chance of survival. As the war went on, they were losing more troops, more operatives, more leaders. Their top leader, Yahi Sinis was killed. If you recall, in October, S'S predecessor, Ismail Haniya was killed also in the summer. Now that the war has stopped, at least for now, and that there's a possibility that the initial six weeks ceasefire will extend into something longer, they may be able to survive the war, both intact as a movement and in power as a governing force in the Gaza Strip, Which is pretty remarkable given where we started, which was Israel saying that Hamas would be eliminated from the Gaza Strip.


They said words to that effect after the October 7th raid by Hamas and its allies. Israel basically said its two goals of the war would be to return the hostages captured by Hamas and its allies on October 7th, and to destroy Hamas' military capabilities and its governing capabilities. If they are still able to govern the Gaza Strip after the war ends, or if the ceasefire becomes a permanent one, then that would represent something of a victory for the group, even if their actions have resulted in the decimation of the territory that they controlled before the war began.


So to that point, what about Israel? What does this deal mean for Israel In the short term? It brings also some respite, also some joy to an Israeli society that has been traumatized both by the October 7th attacks, which were the deadliest attacks on Israel and its history. But also by the 466 days since in which Israelis have been torn by guilt and sadness over the continued incarceration of their friends, relatives in Gaza. And if at least some of those hostages can be released, it counts as a kind of redemption, not only for the hostages themselves, but for Israelis across the political spectrum.


Longer term, if the deal holds and Netanyahu decides to continue it and to nudge it towards something permanent, then it could severely destabilize his own coalition government. He is in power in part through the support of several far-right ministers and lawmakers who deeply oppose ending the war with Hamas still in power, even if that means leaving some hostages inside Gaza. So if he does agree to take this from a six week deal into a longer arrangement, they could leave his coalition potentially destabilizing it or maybe even collapsing it, which could lead to early elections and perhaps depending on the results of those elections, a transition of power within Israeli society.


So short term, this brings relief and joy for Israelis as well as people in Gaza in the long term. It could deepen some of the divides that we've seen split Israeli society for many different reasons in recent years. You said that one of the reasons we're here in this moment, talking about a ceasefire now, is because Israel is actually in a stronger position today and it makes me wonder about its position in the broader region. You know, as you said, a lot of Hamas' allies have been weakened. So do you think that through this war, Israel is ultimately in a more powerful position now in the region?


Yes and no. In reputational terms, Israel has dealt itself damage by the way it has been perceived to conduct this war. It is accused of genocide at the International Court of Justice. Prime Minister Netanyahu, as well as his former defense minister, ya Gallant, are wanted for war crimes by the international criminal court. There has been criticism of Israel almost like never before as a result of the way it's conducted its war in Gaza. And in that sense, you could argue it has lost or it has at least lost ground in a diplomatic war, a war for legitimacy and a war for reputation.


But is that important to Israel at all? I mean, the diplomacy, you know, okay, there's the reputation, but it's not fundamentally related to its power in the region in winning, right? So Israel depends on international support for at least some of its actions. It depends on American funds and American military resources, ammunition, fighter jets, in order to wage its wars. And within the Middle East. It depends on good relations with the Arab world in order to cement its long-term status within the region.


Before the war, Israel was close to forging a landmark diplomatic deal between itself and Saudi Arabia, the most influential country in the Arab world. The war put those negotiations on ice and in fact made it much harder for Saudi Arabia to be seen, to be doing a deal with a country that many people in the Arab world believe is committing a genocide against Palestinians. And if the war ends, Israelis will hope that they can get those negotiations back on track. But militarily, yes, as you say, Israel has weakened Hamas, they've weakened Hezbollah, they have weakened Iran.


And all of those battles contributed at least in some part to the collapse of Iran's ally, the Syrian government. And so Israel, despite all its internal divisions, has proved itself as the region's strongest military power. It means, or at least Israelis will hope, it means whatever reputational loss Israel has suffered because of the conduct of its war in Gaza, both in the Middle East and across the world, it is simply too powerful militarily to be wished away.


And that whatever the anger many people within the Middle East feel towards Israel, their leaders will feel that Israel is a country that they have to work with Precisely because it is such a military force. Patrick, thank you. Thank you, Sabrina. On Thursday last minute disputes delayed a vote by Israel's cabinet that would ratify the ceasefire.


Netanyahu's office accused Hamas of reneging on parts of it, a charge that Hamas denied. Despite the last minute wrangling, the agreement is expected to eventually take effect. It will begin on Sunday with Hamas releasing some hostages in exchange for Palestinian prisoners. We will be right back


On March 28th. Universal Pictures, Blumhouse and the director of the shallows invite you to their new horror movie, the Woman in the Yard and the morning she appears by noon, she gets closer. When night falls, she takes you. Who is this woman? Where did she come from? What does she want? And most importantly, when will she leave? Don't let her in and don't miss the woman in the yard. Only in theaters March 28th.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


Here's what else you should know today. On a busy day of confirmation hearings for Donald Trump's cabinet, his pick for attorney general Pam Bondi faced tough questions from Democrats about whether she could stand up to the president elect and operate independently from him. So my questions now are, can you tell hard truth to the President? So lemme start with an easy truth that you could speak to the President. Can you tell us, can you tell him that Donald Trump lost the 2020 election? Can you, can you say that? Do you have the independence to say that? Do you have the, the gravitas, the stature of the, the intestinal fortitude to say, Donald Trump, you lost the 2020 election.


Can you tell us that here today, Senator, what I can tell you is I will never play politics. You're trying to engage me in a gotcha. I want you no i'll you. A simple Question. Won't Bondy repeatedly dodged questions about whether she agreed with Donald Trump's false claim that the 2020 election was stolen and whether she would support his plan to, pardon January 6th, rioters Are the felons convicted of breaking into the capitol on January 6th, hostages or Patriots as President-elect? Trump has said repeatedly, do you agree with his characterization of the felons that I refer to? I am not familiar with that statement, Senator.


I just familiarized you with that statement. Do you agree with that statement? I'm not familiar with it, Senator. No. Bondi is expected to be confirmed in the coming days. And Today an oligarch is taking shape in America of extreme wealth, power, and influence that literally threatens our entire democracy, our basic rights and freedoms, and a fair shot for everyone to get ahead. Speaking to the American public for the final time before departing office on Monday, president Joe Biden described what he said or his gravest concerns before receding into life As a private citizen, Americans are being buried under an avalanche of misinformation and disinformation, enabling the abuse of power.


The Free prejudice in a clear rebuke of Meta's decision to end its fact checking program, Biden warned of a quote, tech industrial complex that he said is overwhelming Americans and called the country to quote, hold social media platforms accountable. Today's episode was produced by Stella Tan, Alex Stern, and Moj Zedi with help from Michelle Banja. It was edited by Chris Hackel, Lisa Chow, and Paige Kowt contains original music by Diane Wong and Marian Lozano and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley.


Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder League. Special thanks to Adam Raskin. That's it for The Daily. I'm Sabrina Neyi. See you tomorrow. Life is full of exciting moments, whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do.


Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.