
Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing, learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC


From The New York Times. I'm Natalie Kiro. This is The Daily. Over the past several weeks, federal agents have mounted increasingly aggressive immigration rates, and we're Very close to downtown Los Angeles, sky Fox over the Home Depot, out here off of Wilshire Boulevard. Just moments ago, officers from ICE were out here and they did take some folks into custody Across the country in courthouses neighborhoods and workplaces where a 7-year-old Witnessed the arrest of his father.


And they've been met with intense pushback from protestors. We're here to Say. And the ice raids. And the ice Raids from politicians. Why are you Still, we're going behind and where are you taking? I'm Senator Alex Padilla. I have questions for the secretary. I also want, And even businesses. I know one landscaper that lost the whole crew he had, and he is just totally outta business. All of a sudden Today we talk to the President's s Border Czar Tom Holman, about his deportation strategy and why the Trump administration is only just getting started.


It's Thursday, June 19th. All right, I'm ready when you're Ready. Thank you so much for joining us. Oh, no problem. Should I call you Mr. Holman? Border Czar Holman Czar? Doesn't matter. Okay. I think I'll, I'll call you Mr. Holman then. There We go. Mr. Holman, we're speaking to you at a really interesting and important moment in the work that you've overseen for the president, which is securing the border. You've done that very successfully. You've brought border crossings down to historic lows. So what we wanna do today is talk to you about the second half of that work, which is detaining and deporting illegal immigrants living and working inside of the country.


Because that's where you've bumped into some real challenges, some wider pushback and protests, most notably in Los Angeles, but also elsewhere. Can you just start by talking us through your goals here? Are you trying to deport every single person who's here illegally? And if so, why? Well, look, we're nation from laws, right? We gotta enforce the laws entering this country legally is a crime. And we need to enforce those laws because if we don't, we send a message to the whole world, you can go ahead and enter this country legally it's a crime, but don't worry about it. Keep coming. Which means more people gonna die making this journey. The board patrol going continue to get overwhelmed.


So President Trump's been clear, and I've been clear from day one, we're prioritizing public safety threats and national security threats. That is our priority by also suffer from day one. If you're in the country, legally, you're not off the table. I just wanna be clear, Mr. Homan, when when the Trump administration says We're deporting criminal aliens, that means everyone who's here illegally staying here without authorization, is the crime in your mind? No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying we're prioritizing public safety threats. People who have committed crimes in this country or committed crimes in their home country and came here to hide, but we're looking for public safety threats and national security theft. They remain the priority.


But everyone's on the table. If you're in the country, legally it's not okay. That's why I'm saying prioritization about who comes first. And that's what we're trying to concentrate on. However, sanctuary cities are making that difficult when sanctuary cities does not allow us to get the illegal alien criminal in the safety and security of a jail. Now we gotta send a whole team of five or six agents for officer safety reasons to find that public safety threat. And when we find them, many times they're with others. Others who are in the country illegal. It may not be a public safety threat. We're in the country, illegal. They're gonna be arrested too. We're not gonna turn up blind eye to illegal immigration. I, I wanna get to sanctuary cities a little bit more in a minute. I do wanna ask you about your goals here.


The number that you and White House advisors Steven Miller have put out there as a target is 3000 arrests a day, which would be about a million arrests a year. That is an extraordinary number, a really ambitious goal. Are you satisfied with your numbers thus far? Well, I don't think 3000 is overly ambitious. We've added more operational teams on the streets. We got like a thousand teams operating every day across this country. We've added other agencies, F-B-I-D-E-A, US Marshals. Other agencies are augmenting these operations. So we think with additional teams, additional resources, we provided 3000 days a reasonable number. Let's talk about the raids that we've seen so far. Mr. Homan, immigration and Customs Enforcement ICE invited our colleagues to one of these raids.


We featured it on the show. These are raids that have increasingly expanded into workplaces, into neighborhoods. We've seen ice agents at construction sites, home Depots, car washes. Can you just explain why you're focusing on work sites? Well, look, no one hires an illegal alien on the goodness of their heart. They hire 'em 'cause they can work 'em harder. Pam less than undercut their competition as US citizen employees. I've experienced this myself. Let, lemme tell you a real quick story. I put a new roof in my home several years ago. I had to call six companies before I got a company to guarantee me a legal workforce. And the father and son showed up and the father told me this story. He says, I had 20 US citizen employees and I pay 'em 20 bucks an hour to get on the roof.


I couldn't win a contract because all these other companies had illegal aliens were paying 'em, you know, $7 an hour to get on the roof. I couldn't win a contract. So I laid off all my US citizen employees and now me and my son just do repairs. That happens across this country every day by the thousands. So work site enforcement's, important works. Site enforcement is the number one place we find victims of sex trafficking and forced labor trafficking. And second of all, we gotta hold these companies responsible 'cause they're undercounting US citizen employment, they're driving down wages and it's against a law to hire illegal aliens. So we gotta enforce the law. So I, again, if they let us into jail, we'd have less agents in the neighborhoods. I've said for months now, if sanctuary cities wanna keep playing this game, we're gonna flood the zone.


We're gonna flood the zone with agents in their neighborhood. We're gonna flood the zone with agents on work sites because we're going to find that person. You wanna put roadblocks up? That's fine. We're gonna find them. So if we have to have more resource and do more, that's what we're gonna do. You had said that your priority was public safety, right? And that you're prioritizing criminals at the workplace. Raids. Are you rounding up just the people who are there who have criminal records? Or is it anyone you think is undocumented? Is that distinction important to you? We are not going to turn our back to somebody that we found is illegally. The United States, they're here in violation of federal law. These are immigration officers whose job is to enforce that law. And so we're gonna arrest any illegal Go on.


Absolutely. And the destruction are clear to ICE officers. You find someone that's in the country illegally, you will take proper action. The officers have discretion on the arrest and, and what do we do with the matter? But there are going to be putting proceedings. That's what the law requires. And we will put 'em in proceedings at a minimum. You mentioned this issue that you're having with these sanctuary cities. You said part of the reason that you have to do these raids is that these cities are not letting you into the jails to arrest. You know, the criminals that are there. If those cities let you into the jails, would you stop doing the workplace raids? Well, I'm saying is more agents in the jail means less agents on the street.


Its, it's, it's simple math. Back when we're in Rikers Island, we've had 10 or 12 agents on Rikers Island, New York City. We rest hundreds of people a week with a handful of agents. So of course if I had a choice, I'd much rather be in a jail. 'cause it's safer for the neighborhood, safer for the officer, and safer for the public. Well, let me be clear. Even if they let us in the jail, every jail across the country doesn't mean we stop our work site enforcement operations. We prioritize those two. We just don't say, well let's go over this work site just for something to do. No, it is based on a lot of evidence gathering a lot of information on who we hit. So it's never gonna go away. It they'll certainly decrease 'cause we have more agents assigned to the jails. Got it. So you would be operating on both of those fronts either way.


Yeah. So Trump won the election on the promise to do mass deportations. But I wanna talk about the polls here because while polls show a majority of Americans support deporting violent criminals, they don't support deporting people who have been here for a while who are deeply ingrained in their communities. What do you say to people who say, look, we voted for deporting all the violent criminals, but not for this more sweeping campaign to deport everyone here illegally. President was clear on its campaign promise to secure the border, which have the most secure border in lifetime, and running a massive deportation operation.


That's what we're doing. If people don't like what ICE is doing, then call your senator. Call your congressman. ICE isn't making this up. We're enforcing the law and enact by congressman, signed by president. You know, everybody attacking ICE right now. And here's what I find interesting. If you don't like what ice officers are out they're doing right now, why aren't you on Capitol Hill asking for immigration changes? Why aren't you protesting immigration court? Because ICE is doing two things. They're enforcing laws enacted by Congress and they get funded to do. And number two, they're working on an immigration, a federal judge who, who ordered this person to be removed. So they're executing the order of removals, ice, just doing the job. And look the innocent illegal immigration, the non-criminals, they just enter the country illegal for a better life.


When that happens, the overwhelm, the border patrol, the national security's gone because fentanyl comes across, killed hundreds of thousands of Americans. Sex trafficking increased tenfold, all those bad things happen because of innocent illegal immigration. People want to call it. Wow. Everybody's fighting for in defensive, illegal aliens. There are millions of people standing in line taking their tests, doing their background investigation, paying their fees, doing things the right way. And, and let me add this in addition, there are thousands and thousands of people in this world who really are escaping fear and persecution from their home government. They're sitting in the backseat because all the cheaters have overwhelmed the system and pushed the system back for several years.


So we have to be a national of laws. We gotta send a mess of the whole world. There's a right way and wrong way to come here. You can still make an asylum claim, but you gotta do it the right way. You don't do it by enter the country legally. And what I hear you saying is that basically the people who are not violent criminals, whose crime is to cross illegally, that that is related to public safety because of the need to kind of be this nation of laws. I'm just not sure a lot of people see it that way because we are seeing people talk to their representatives. We're seeing these really big protests, Mr. Homan, which I know you've seen, we've seen, you know, people go on the streets to voice their concerns about this.


And I think what they are trying to communicate is that they don't want this. And I wonder what what you say to that, to those protestors. I would ask them, what laws do you not want DEA to enforce? What laws do you want FBI not to enforce? What law do you ask your local police department to enforce? We don't pick and choose what we enforce. We're here to enforce the law. Illegal immigration is not the answer because again, people don't understand. There's a whole ugly underbelly of illegal immigration. I've done this since 1984. I've sent on back a tractor trailer with 19 dead aliens who, who, who baked to death including a five-year-old little boy. I've talked to the little girls as young as nine that were raped multiple battalions by members of the cartel.


I have seen babies getting CPR in the river. I've seen enough dead children and enough dead aliens in my career that it's created the person you're talking to today. I wish people could wear my shoes for the last 40 years and seen what I've seen and they would agree with me. Illegal immigration is not a victimless crime. A secure border saves lives. No, I hear you. And I mean, look, I spent a lot of time reporting from Mexico and and reporting at the border. And I can completely understand how having a secure border affects this trafficking that you are concerned about and that you've seen over the course of your career. I think the question that people who are on the streets are asking is how does breaking up a family or uprooting a person who has been here for a long time, who is not seen as causing a lot of problems, how does that affect the problems that you're talking about?


Well, right, we gotta look at the results, right? Look at the data from ice. Right now, just under 130,000 arrests, close to 75% of 'em have a criminal record pending criminal charges. We are prioritizing the right way, but we aren't gonna send a message that it's okay to be here illegally because that just brings more, before we start bailing water out, we had to plug the hole. We plugged the hole, but we gotta send a message. There's a right wing water gonna come to this country. 'cause if we say starting today, we're under gonna arrest illegal aliens convicted of a crime. Everybody else, don't worry about it. We're not looking for it. You're Saying that would send the wrong message. So the whole entire world, who wants to come to the greatest nation on earth?


Absolutely, We will be right back.


Support for this podcast comes from GoodRx. GoodRx can help you save money and better manage your health. This summer, GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find free coupons. You can find big savings at the pharmacy for the whole family pets too. GoodRx is not insurance, but maybe eat your copay. If you do have insurance, save at the pharmacy this summer. Go to goodrx.com/ The Daily


Legendary investor, Ray Dalio's new book, how Countries Go Broke. The Big Cycle explains the mechanics behind big debt crises. Larry Summers says, Dalio's brilliant iconoclastic approach is an invaluable resource. And Hank Paulson says, it provides a solution to what is the biggest and most certain threat to our prosperity. Read it to understand the greatest economic issue of our time available now wherever books are sold.


Sir, I just wanna talk about just tactics. We've seen some democratic officials who are showing up to protest and they're at times getting detained. Most recently we saw a mayoral candidate in New York get arrested by ICE at an immigration courthouse. Can you just explain that to me? What's the message there? It, it does feel more aggressive than what we've seen. We've been clear from day one. You can protest all you want. You can not like ice. You can hate on Trump, you can hate on whatever. But you can't cross that line and interfering in a law enforcement operation. It's unfortunate these candidates are, are making a public appearance because they're all looking to get out there and say, look at me, I'm taking on ice.


Which is really disgusting in my opinion. Where were they when half a million kids got smuggled in this country and separated from their families? Where were they when millions of people was being released in the United States without proper vetting? Where were they then? If any of these candidates met with an angel, mom and dad who children were murdered by? I I, I guarantee that happened. What I find disgusting is that any elected official or any politician, why are those who enforce the law of the bad guys and those who break the law of the victims. The whole world's upside down on this. The men and women ice, who I, I commanded them as first ice director actually came up to the ranks. Their mothers and fathers too. They have children too, right?


They have parents too. They don't hang their heart on the hook at their home. When they go to work, they go home with terrible, terrible things every day. These men and women are putting their lives down the line to enforce the law. Congress would tell 'em to enforce and they're executing orders issued by federal judges and that person needs to be arrested, deported. That is what they're doing this attempt at, you know, attacking ICE and getting on tv. Boy, look at me, I'm taking on ice. It's just disgusting. The senator in California, he could have had a meeting with the secretary. All you gotta do is do it the right way. This guy running for political office, why didn't he ask for a meeting with ICE meeting after saying, where are you going? Where are you taking him? I'll meet you there. I got questions. But they're being really aggressive because they're looking for the limelight.


I can't think of any other reason people would do that. It's unprofessional and it's unsafe. Can I just ask, do you think there's anything valid about the criticism that ICE is maybe coming in a little more aggressively than is necessary? That it's also about potentially intimidation? It's, it's not about intimidation. These men and women are under pressure to not only do their job, but to keep themselves and the, and the people around the safe. When they arrest the illegal alien, they gotta worry about his safety. They gotta worry about their safety, their partner safety and everybody in the surrounding area. Safety, and I'm reading a story this morning, California wants to ban ice officers wear masks, ice officers wear a mask because they've been doxed by the thousands.


Their families have been doxed, all used officers pictures that show up on trees and telephone poles, death threats are sky high. I know because I've been doxed a thousand times myself. I accept it. I the borders are, I don't really care what people think about me. The bottom line is these men and women not, not only have a dangerous job already, it's made much more dangerous by the false rhetoric being pushed out there by a lot of the media and a lot of the open borders advocates. They're doing the best job they can in def difficult circumstance. And I stand by that. It's not being aggressive. It's about being safe and enforcing the law in a difficult situation. And you said this isn't about an intimidation, that this is about safety for your ice officers. I'm curious though, just in a perfect world for you, does everyone here illegally see what you're doing, see these raids and say, look, that's not how I wanna leave the us.


I would rather self deport. I would rather do this on my own accord. Is that the ideal scenario in your mind? Absolutely. We spent spending a lot of money advertising that in, in several different languages. Work with us, get your affairs in order. Wherever that is, work with us, we'll get you a free airline ticket home, we'll give you a thousand dollars when you land. We wanna do it that way. And if they do it that way, they leave themselves open the opportunity, come back with a visitors visa, tourist visa. Maybe they have a US citizen child that when they turn of age they can petition for the parent. There's other legal avenues they can take advantage of. But if we have to go seek you, we have to go through the formal deportation process.


There's a statutory bar in federal law anywhere from five to 20 years where you can't come back under any legal program. So make it easier for yourself and, and work with us and leave and make other opportunities available to you. I think my question was really about the kind of images that are coming out of these raids and whether there is a message being sent by the aggressiveness of the approach, which is, look, If you don't wanna be swept up in one of these raids, go on your own accord and and do you see the kind of aggressive tactics as sending a message, sending that message specifically? I don't agree with the term aggressive tactics. They're doing the same taxes that I've done starting in 1984.


ICE is trying to do the job. So enforcing law is aggressive. I I, I disagree with the term aggressive. I think they're doing a real professional manner despite all the hate they're taking, all the threats they're taking, they're taking extra measures. Now I'll, I'll give you that. They're sending more officers in the zone, right? Right. For officer safety reason. But that's because of the threats that's being labeled against them. I am just aware that in some ways the fear that is generated by these actions can be helpful to achieving that aim of getting people to self deport. I mean, we know one effect of these raids is that people in these communities, they are afraid, right? Based on our reporting, there is fear that is generated and that could lead to the result that you're saying you want.


What I'm saying is I don't think that's the intent. I certainly believe what you're saying. I believe there are people that are afraid of being arrested by ice 'cause they're here illegally. I follow that. I believe it, but that's certainly not the intent. But if it leads to more people self deporting in a, a more structured controlled manner, then you know, I hope they do. I hope they take advantage of it. So recently we've seen some pushback surface from a very different constituency on this, which is big business and quite unexpectedly. Also the president, your boss who gave voice to some of these anxieties, Trump posted on social media this week that he's been hearing that the raids are having an impact on hotels and farmers. I'm just gonna quote from his post, are very aggressive.


Immigration policy is taking very good longtime workers away from them with those jobs being almost impossible to replace. What did you think of that post? Because from where I sit it did look like the president saying, look, this approach that you've been taking that ice has been taking is becoming a problem. Is that how you read it? I think what the president's getting to is that, again, I haven't discussed this with the president, I just, you know, we haven't had a discussion, but I saw the post and I've said for a long time, and I think we started this interview with this, Congress needs to make some changes, right? If we need a workforce to do that type of work, then create a legal pathway where they don't have to pay a smuggler, then come with a visa, come here, work, do their job and go home, pay their taxes or whatever.


I think the president understands that there's a broken system here, but it doesn't mean we just ignore the law. Just so we're clear, because I think there was a lot of confusion after this. What is the policy? Are you still doing the workplace raids? Because there was a lot of back and forth. We are still doing workplace raids, but again, it's based on prioritization. If there's a victim of trafficking or it's some of the financing going to other illegal ventures like cartel activity or drugs, smoking. So if there's a violation of law, we certainly prioritize those first. 'cause it's about the health and safety of the alien who's being abused the worst first. Okay, I wanna talk about what's happened to people once they have been swept up in these raids. They're taken into ice custody where we've seen reports that they have no ability to contact their lawyers.


We have heard about people who are being sent abroad to countries, you know, with which they have no connection, Sudan, et cetera. Why are people being sent to countries, you know, where they have no connection, it's not their home. It's a case by case cases. If it's a significant public safety threat and the country won't take 'em back or they're not staying here. If we have a third safe country willing to take 'em, we'll send them. Vast majority of illegal analysts beret, a vast majority are removed to the country where they're a citizen national. But there are countries out there, we see Venezuela turn on and off many times. We'll take 'em. No, we won't take 'em. Well If you don't take them, they're not staying here, they're public safety threat. We'll send 'em someplace else. So we have other countries that are stepping up, say, look, we'll take 'em we'll give 'em a place to settle down.


Are there in your mind any limits to what ICE would do to, Of course there's limits fulfill its mission. We're we're not gonna violate anybody's human rights. We're not gonna violate the civil rights. If someone's not allowed to call their attorney, gimme an example, gimme a case, gimme where, when and, and we'll look into it. 'cause certainly they, they have a right to contact their attorney and we try to treat everybody with dignity and we try to do things the right way. Mr. Holman, last question here. You clearly think that these deportations benefit the United States, right? That it makes it a safer place. That it makes it a place where American workers come first, where the rule of law is respected.


What some of these business leaders, these farmers, these hotel owners and some politicians, including Republicans, are saying, wait a minute, this actually might be bad for the us. And to a degree the protesters are saying the same thing on different grounds, but it's the same idea. How do you know that you are right and that they're wrong? Look, you know, the senior leaders of this effort meet every day at 10:00 AM We look at the effects of what we're doing. We take all these things in consideration. I've worked for six different presidents, Sergeant Ronald Reagan.


I've seen hundreds and hundreds of policies come and go. I see what works. I see what hasn't worked. We're working with, with a plan right now. We're using every two in two shed to keep President Trump's promise to American people. That's exactly what we're doing. Can plans be fluctuated? Certainly. I was up on the hill several times last week meeting with congressmen and senators. We're talking about fluctuations and messaging and, and different things we can do. So it's a work in progress and I certainly listen to all these people and we'll take all those ideas in consideration and in fact, we do it's work in progress. We'll keep working toward it.


Mr. Homan, thank you so much for coming on the show. You got it. Thanks for having me. We will be right back.


Legendary investor, Ray Dalio's new book, how Countries Go Broke. The Big Cycle explains the mechanics behind big debt crises. Larry Summers says, Dalio's brilliant iconoclastic approach is an invaluable resource. And Hank Paulson says, it provides a solution to what is the biggest and most certain threat to our prosperity. Read it to understand the greatest economic issue of our time available now. Wherever books are sold.


This podcast is supported by Starbucks. At Starbucks. We've more than doubled paid parental leave now up to 18 weeks, which means Starbucks baristas can spend more time with the best company they know their families at Starbucks. Benefits like parental leave are just the start.


Here's what else you need to know today. On Wednesday, President Trump said he hadn't made a final call about whether to order American forces to join Israel in its ongoing attacks on Iran's nuclear sites. Iran's leader has warned the US would face irreparable harm if it did at an Oval office event. Trump said he had ideas as to what to do. Adding quote, I like to make a final decision, one second before it's due. And while the Supreme leader of Iran rejected Trump's call for an unconditional surrender, a senior official told the times Iran would accept an offer to sit down for talks to seek a negotiated way out of the conflict.


And the Supreme Court upheld the Tennessee ban on medical treatment for transgender minors shielding similar laws in more than 20 other states. The decision was a setback for proponents of transgender rights, who just five years ago celebrated a different decision by the court to protect trans people from workplace discrimination. The vote was six to three with the court's, three liberal justices in dissent writing for the majority. Chief Justice John Roberts acknowledged the quote, fierce scientific and policy debates about the safety, efficacy, and propriety of medical treatments in an evolving field. But he said those questions should be resolved by quote the people, their elected representatives, and the democratic process.


Today's episode was produced by Caitlin O'Keefe, ASTA Chaturvedi and Jessica Chung. It was edited by Michael Benoit, Patricia Willens and Paige Cot. Research helped by Susan Lee contains original music by Alicia Ba Etu and was engineered by Chris Wood. Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of Wly. Special thanks to Hamad, Aziz Zolan, Cano Young's, Allison McCann and Albert's son. That's it for The Daily. I'm Natalie Kiro. See you tomorrow.


This podcast is supported by Starbucks through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan, full and part-time. Starbucks baristas receive 100% upfront college tuition coverage so they can focus on achieving their dreams, not how they'll pay for school. And those dreams might start with the degree in management, biochemistry, or any of the more than 150 offered at Starbucks. Benefits like college tuition coverage are just the start. Learn more at starbucks.com/partners.