
Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. They cover more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of their branches are in low or moderate income. Census tracks proudly serving one out of every three US households and more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. See how at Wells fargo.com/saydu member FDIC,


From The New York Times, I'm Michael Barbaro. And This is The Daily from inside the Republican National Convention Hall, where Donald Trump has just accepted his party's nomination and the balloons are falling all around us today, the week that was as the Republicans here unified around Trump, while Democrats moved closer and closer to replacing President Biden, it's Friday, July 19th. Delegates, guests, elected officials and Republicans across the country.


Welcome to the 2024 Republican National Convention. On the first day of the Republican National Convention, the spotlight belonged not to Donald Trump, but to his new running mate. Are we? Are We ready to nom the vice president Whose identity Trump dramatically revealed at the very last possible moment before delegates had to vote on the VP nomination. All eyes were on JD Vance. It was his day 30 Until about 9:00 PM Check, check, check.


Let's go. Okay, you're good. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. We made it past the last layer of security and now we're on the convention floor, The house where he belongs. God bless you guys. Thank you. That's when Ward got out, that Trump was about to enter the convention hall and make his first appearance since the attempt on his life. Nine o'clock, two minutes, There was a slow and deliberate buildup. Please welcome the next president of the United States. Here we go. Walking down a, kinda like in a sports arena, he is walking through the back area. He's walking up a camera, followed Trump inside of a tunnel and to the audience in the arena, he looked like a boxer backstage ready to enter the ring.


Okay, he's on the floor now. And finally he emerged onto the convention floor. He's saying, thank you everybody. He is clumping his his fist, and he is about to walk up these stairs, Right as I'm proud to be at American Hits. He is. Hey, look, the extraordinary thing is just how visible that bandage is on his ear From the Minnesota, He shakes fans' hand. And for the first time we get a look at the full 2024 Republican presidential ticket. There ain't no doubt.


I love God bless. We Love Chuck. We love Chuck. We love Chuck. We love Chuck. But what really stands out is the level of genuine emotion in the room Fight. They're chanting the words that Trump himself chanted. Fight, fight in the seconds after he was almost killed.


Fight, fight, fight, Fight, fight people standing on their seats to get a better view. Oh my God, oh my goodness. How do you feel You made it. I love him and I've always You're welcome. Loved him. I am. I have been a supporter for so long. I've been a seven Trump rallies. I love him. Emotional. What is it like to see him with that bandage on his ear knowing what Just happened? I live On. He is so brave. First of all, I feel it was divine intervention. I 100% believe that God was with him. I just Worry. And I think that this is a fight between good and evil. Unfortunate because, and I think evil's gonna lose if he created this world and loves it.


So why would he let the evil one win? We really need him. This country's a mess. You are a delegate from Wisconsin. I don't want go Into death. Thank you. You're welcome. It's really from this moment on with a triumphant Donald Trump now on site that it becomes clear what kind of a story this entire convention is trying to tell. The first part of that story is what we heard from that delegate on the floor. That saving Trump's life was God's plan. Let me start by giving thanks to God Almighty for protecting President Trump.


That message was echoed by a series of speakers on stage Two days ago. Evil came for the man we admire and love so much. I thank God that his hand was on President Trump. The devil came To Pennsylvania holding a rifle, but an American lion got back up on his feet and He ro God spared President Trump from that assassin because God is not finished with him. Yet These speakers were explicit.


God saved Trump so that Trump can save America. I don't believe in coincidences, but I do believe in God's plan. If you didn't believe in miracles before Saturday, you better be believing right now. Another part of this story, and this one required a big rewriting of history, is about who Trump really is. Now, that's the man I've gotten to know personally over the last few years. He is tough and he is, but he cares about people.


I can tell you that my personal experience with Donald Trump has shown me his heart. There wasn't A second that he is a man of compassion. I'm speaking today to share the side of my grandpa that people don't often see To me, he's just a normal grandpa. He gives us candy and soda when our parents aren't looking. And instead of sailing off into the sunset after an illustrious real estate and television career, he decided to give back. He decided To. He's not doing it for himself. He's doing it for everyone here tonight, for everyone watching at home And that he's a unifier.


No matter who you are, you can be a part of this movement to make America great again. I want to respond to his call for unity myself. We have a big tent in this party on everything from national security to economic policy. But my message to you, my fellow Republicans, is we love this country and we are united to win. And that Trump is transforming the Republican Party into a big tolerant tent, open to all including Trump skeptics. You don't have to agree with Trump a hundred percent of the time to vote for it.


Take it from me. I haven't always agreed with President Trump. It was no accident then that January 6th election, denialism violent rhetoric and a decade of nasty name calling by Trump was nowhere to be found in these primetime speeches. And honestly, who is actually running the country anyway. And the final element of this story being told at the RNC Does anyone really know Is that Trump's opponent, president Biden, is ineffective, weak, and barely functioning in the job.


We need a commander in chief who can lead 24 hours a day and seven days a week. America cannot afford four more years of a weekend at Bernie's presidency. But let's be honest, let's be honest here. And by Wednesday night in an extraordinary stroke of good political timing for Trump, we find out that the final part of that story about Biden's ability to lead was being openly embraced by the leaders of the Democratic Party, who one by one were turning on Joe Biden.


We'll be right back.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. They cover more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of their branches are in low or moderate income. Census tracks proudly serving one out of every three US households and more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. See how at Wells fargo.com/saydu member FDIC.


My name is Sam Anderson. I'm a staff writer for The New York Times Magazine. Over the years, I've interviewed actors, artists, athletes. Recently I've been spending time with animal people. Wait, what happens if I put my fingers in that bottom cage? He will probably bite you. Scientists, ferret, breeders. Heavy metal band that rescues baby puffins. You got one? Everyone has a story. When I was a kid, I had bats in the family bathroom. She didn't hear my mom backing into the driveway. And. she got pushed by my mom, Jessica. The rat used to eat ice cream out of my Mouth because thinking about animals seems to open up a little door. This is the baby, An escape hatch out of the human world, We Spirit. Is that your blood or it's blood? Thank it. They're Coming really close to my head. From, The, New York, Times. This is animal. Listen to it wherever you get podcasts.


Reid, we just got off the convention floor and emerged into a world that seems to have changed since the evening programming began here on Wednesday night. Just give us a quick summary of where things stand with Biden's nomination. It's bad news for Joe Biden at this sour For right now, it feels from talking to an array of Democrats inside and adjacent to the Biden circle that the end is near. Hmm. My colleague, Reed Epstein covers the Biden campaign and was in Milwaukee for the Republican convention Since Biden's. Terrible debate performance. You know, we heard from people close to Biden that the only voices that could really push Biden out of the race would be Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and Hakeem Jeffries.


And what we've seen in the last 24 hours is those three trying to do that. You know, we heard that Hakeem Jeffries, the House Democratic leader, and Chuck Schumer, the majority leader in the Senate, have gone to the President and all but said he should not be the nominee. Hmm. And what's interesting is that Schumer and Jeffries delivered this message on Saturday and then waited a number of days until it leaked out into the public. That's probably not an accident. Just explain that. Not it's not an accident because they were maybe hoping he would act on it and he didn't. Perhaps hoping that he would act on it before they felt compelled to leak it out publicly to increase the pressure on him.


Got it. Adam Schiff on Wednesday called for Biden to get out. He's an extremely close ally of Nancy Pelosi's. And that was really seen as a signal for a lot of Democrats about what her thinking was. And then later in the day after Schiff made his announcement, we started to see various news outlets have different pieces of the Pelosi puzzle that she is making a move against him. Unmistakable viewing all of these pieces in concert, kinda what it is that she's doing. Right. I mean, I think we should just pause and reflect on the enormity of, of what's happening in what you're describing, which is that the most senior Democrats in the party whose loyalty should be kind of unquestioned to the President are in their minds reaching a point where they need to take him outta the equation.


Right. And what the other side of that is, all of these Democrats are getting back this week, reliable polling that really shows the damage that Biden's debate performance has had on his standing and theirs too, by sticking with him. The polling that Democrats are sharing amongst themselves that I gotta look at showed Biden losing in states like New Hampshire and New Mexico and Virginia. Stacey won hand Lakes, Stacey tied in Minnesota, barely ahead in Maine, only up three points in New Jersey, New Jersey, and two in Colorado. Like these are Blue States. Blue states. And the key section of this polling as it relates to down ballot Democrats, is about the impact of supporting Biden has on their political futures, saying, you know, as many as half of voters think they're lying to them when they vouch for Joe Biden's fitness as a presidential candidate.


And that is sort of all being presented to the White House in an effort, almost a collective party wide effort to convince Biden and the people closest to him that he should end this presidential campaign. Alright, well thank you for the update and we'll keep talking to you as we get more and more information. This is really helpful. Thanks Reid. Thanks Michael. Get some sleep. You get some sleep? Hey, these people are all Just turning in. Maybe we don't need to do the loop Though. That is not the entrance Though. Oh, it's not. Oh, it's the next one.


It's the next one, Yeah. So it's Thursday morning, it's the final day of the RNC and we are now making our way into the security perimeter. One last time. Hello. Good. Are you Hi. Too bad. Just turn the car off. Pop the hood and pop the truck please. Sure thing. Thank You. Thursday morning began with even more doubts from prominent Democrats about Biden, including former President Obama and Congressman Jamie Raskin of Maryland, whose private letter to Biden ended up in the hands of my times colleagues. In that letter, Raskin told Biden that there was quote, no shame in leaving the race.


So as Donald Trump prepared to take the stage on Thursday night for arguably the biggest moment of his campaign, it wasn't even clear how much longer his rival would remain in the race. The only thing that was clear was that Biden and the Democrats were in disarray and that Trump and the Republicans were in their minds on top of the world. And we could really feel that in the air. As we talk to people at the convention just before Trump's acceptance speech on Thursday night, we are headed over to the convention hall to talk to delegates and rank and file Republicans about how they're feeling about their chances right now, given how this convention is gone and the mess over on the democratic side.


Hi there. Hey there. What do you think the odds are that Trump wins in November right now? 97.999999999%. I didn't know that. That many nines in the universe. I I, I don't Know what the numbers so far. I think chances are pretty good. A hundred percent. Oh, I think he's got this in the bag. Trump is gonna win. If the election was today, he was gonna win. If the election was tomorrow, two months from now, he's going to win. And he's gonna win In November. He's gonna win. Why are you so confident in his chance of the victory? I don't think anything can hurt President Trump at this. I mean, he shed blood for us. You know, he's a hero.


You mean This past weekend? Yeah. I believe that when they shot at him on Saturday, they shot at me. Wow. Okay. I feel I had a grazed mist. He loves America and we do too. And I'm tired of America being torn down by these crazies. We're gonna fight against that. Do you worry that if Biden drops out of the race, that some of the assumptions and dynamics of this moment change suddenly? It's not such a straightforward election for Trump. He's in the lead now. But what happens if it's Kamala Harris or some governor? Doesn't matter who they put against though. Doesn't matter who they put up. Doesn't matter how strong they are. I don't think so. Whatcha Gonna put up Newsom.


Look at California the way it is. People can't walk the streets. Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris, what is she? She only knows how to laugh. She couldn't even control the border. Look at the border. It's outta control. People are tired, they woken up. You've poked a sleeping bear and the unity that has come together with the Republican party. Now. That's the message this week Is just unbelievable. Where am I sitting? I love that you're wearing an American flag pen. Someone Put it on me. You know, because I became a citizen on Saturday. A Mazeltov. That's you's right. Welcome to. Appreciate it America. Thanks ma. Once Trump's speech was over, we spoke to our colleague, politics reporter, Jonathan Swan.


Are you ready? Okay. It's just gonna, there's gonna be some noise in here because The New York Times Media Center here at the convention is literally being deconstructed as we've, the walls are about to be taken down. Jonathan, we know that this convention has been trying to recast and in a sense, rewrite the story of Donald Trump to make him a compassionate unifier history be damned. So how did Trump's speech fit into that objective? The way his team conceived of this speech? There's a couple things that are important to think about here. One is they saw this moment as unique in that Donald Trump is a very well-defined figure.


Everyone pretty much has an opinion about him. If there was ever a moment where they could persuade a thin slice of Americans to reevaluate Donald Trump, it's probably after he gets shot. Hmm. And after a week of people saying that Donald Trump after the shooting, you know, he is contemplative, he's talking about God, you know, there was actually very powerful footage on Monday. I was in the convention hall when he came in and he looked like he was on the verge of tears. Right. So there's been all of this imagery during the week inside the hall of this new Donald Trump. Right. We talked about that when he walked into the convention hall.


The feel was of a changed man with a different relationship to everything. Yeah. Look, I mean, I've talked to a number of elected Republicans, people who've been interacting with Donald Trump since the shooting, and that's what they've been saying. So this was his first destination since the shooting. They wanted to build up suspense for it. And they knew they had this period of time where all the networks were forced to cover him. What they were pre-selling before this speech was, he's rewriting his speech and it's going to be this unity speech. And you know, we've been through this many, many times with Donald Trump. The quote unquote new tone. It's, it's sort of a running joke. Capital N, capital T, new tone. But this was actually a moment where it seemed conceivable, it seemed deliverable in a, in a believable way for a number of voters that that matter.


Right. So how did that actually play out once he took the stage and once he started delivering this speech? I was in the arena for it. And it's hard to explain to people who aren't there, just how electric the feeling has been in that arena. All weak. Mm. Donald Trump has reached this sort of mythic status in the party. Thank you very, very much. Wow. So when he came in, you could feel everyone's Dana excitement. I stand before you this evening with a message of confidence, strength, and hope. The start of the speech.


You did get this feeling. Well, Donald Trump is delivering a very different speech. Destiny, We rise together or we fall apart. I am running to be president for all of America, not half of America. 'cause there is no victory in winning for half of America. He was reaching out to all Americans. I reach out to you in, you know, in friendship, In an age when our politics too often divide us. Now is the time to remember that we are all fellow citizens. We are one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.


It was sort of almost getting to the Barack Obama. There's no Red America and blue America. We're all Americans. The Discord and division in our society must be healed. We must heal it quickly. Right. He used the word healing, which I don't associate with Trump Healing and love. So many people have asked me what happened? Tell us what happened, please. And then he goes straight into the story And you'll never hear it from me a second time because it's actually too painful to tell. Told from his perspective of the shooting. It was a warm, beautiful day in the early evening In Butler.


And I was watching his face. It looked like he was almost in tears at certain points. When I heard a loud whizzing sound and felt something hit me really, really hard. It was a very somber, very reflective trump. I immediately knew it was very serious that we were under attack. And then you had this huge imagery of the photographs from Saturday in Butler, Pennsylvania. The bullet whizzing by his head. I said to myself, wow, what was that? It can only be a bullet. Him pressed down on the ground with blood dripping down his cheeks with the agents pressed on him.


My hand was covered with blood, The fist in the air and the crowd started chanting, fight, fight, fight. Again, it was not really political. It was moving and emotional and drenched with religious imagery saying, God was on my side. I'm not supposed to be here tonight, not supposed to be here. You know, he was openly grappling with his own mortality. He said, I'm not supposed to be here. And the crowd started spontaneously shouting, yes you are. Yes, you're, yes, you're, That was the tone of the speech for the first, I don't know, 15 minutes.


Right. And you really, I really did think, okay, well they really have got him to deliver quite a different speech. Right. Very much in keeping with the themes. Yeah. Of the convention. That's right. And then, And then not so much. The speech went in a very different direction. Democrats, crazy Nancy Pelosi, the whole thing, just boom, boom, boom. I could tell that he was getting bored of reading the unity speech. And so he stopped turning to heal his teleprompters and just stared straight ahead. Right. And the teleprompter literally, and I was watching it just, just froze, right. 'cause you could tell that the person operating right it was, was no longer in a relationship with Trump. Right. And his teleprompter operators guy named Gabe, long suffering guy named, you know Gabe Know that?


Yes. But so Trump goes into these rifts. It's a massive invasion at our southern border that has spread misery, crime, poverty, disease, and destruction to communities all across our land. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. And basically from that point forward, it really became a typical rally speech. They're destroying our country. Extremely meandering, long digressions. We Had the most secure border and best economy in the history of our country, in the history of the world. We had the greatest economy in the history of the world. We had never, he made false claims about his record. Lots of hyperbole.


They're Taking their criminals and they're putting them into our country. And a lot of the rhetoric that we've come to know Donald Trump for over the last eight years, which is basically portraying America as a nation on the brink of collapse decline. We had that horrible, horrible result that we'll never let happen again. And When I really realized that the unity speech had sort of gone out the window, The election result, we're never gonna let that happen again. They used covid to cheat Was when he couldn't help but slip back into talking about cheating in elections. You know, that's something, his team is desperate for him just to avoid talking about and keep it a focus on the future.


They're Coming from prisons, they're coming from jails, they're coming from mental institutions and insane Asylums. And he talked about how countries to the South of America are emptying out their insane asylums and sending the Late great Hannibal Lecter Psychopaths like cannibal Lecter into America. He'd love To have You for dinner. There's no evidence that any of that's happening, but it's a claim that he repeats in his rallies over and over again. Yet Another American life was stolen by a criminal alien set free by this administration. And these were, It really did incredible people get back into these were incredible, his old comfort zone. And that kind of continued on and on and on.


And what was interesting, being in the crowd, I was on the floor. I liked being right in there in the thick of it, seeing everyone. People were starting to get listless. You know, I could see a guy near me was yawning. People were checking their phones and you could just see the energy was just sort of where He kind Of lost, lagging, lost the plot. And he would get them back. I mean, this is a room that you know is in love with Donald Trump. So there would be applause lines, they would cheer. But it really became a very different speech. One of our colleagues put it very well saying that the message of the first half of this speech seemed to be, I have been changed. And the message of the second half was, I haven't really changed at all.


Right. Right. And for those of us who've covered him, you know, it's, it's hard to imagine Donald Trump changing, but it's also, you know, he's been shot. So you want to at least open be possibility to the possibility of, of that. But I think he answered that question pretty decisively tonight, No matter what dangers come our way, no matter what obstacles lie on our path, we will keep striving toward our shared and glorious destiny. And we will not fail. We will not fail. He did make a final turn back towards the teleprompter and sort of finished with these lines of, you know, American greatness and reaching for the stars, et cetera, et cetera.


By that point though, we'd had more than 90 minutes of fairly meandering rally speech. So, And God bless the United States of America, our great country, thank you very much, Everybody. The crowd seemed relieved at the end when it finally wrapped up with the big balloon drop. Well, I want you reflect a bit on the impact of a speech that didn't seem to quite know what it was. It could have been an extension of the messages we've been hearing all week, like Nikki Haley's, you know, invitation to skeptics. It could have remained the story of a changed man post assassination attempt, but it wasn't really in the end. And does that make it a missed opportunity or does that make it exactly the speech that Trump should be given, given that this kind of message is what got him the nomination in the first place?


I have to think for those voters who aren't already with Donald Trump, that it really persuading, this ain't gonna change their mind unless they stopped watching after 15 minutes and maybe some of them did. That's the missed opportunity take. Yeah, I think that's right. All he needs is a very small number of people in Pennsylvania, Georgia, North Carolina, some of these states to block off Biden's path. I don't really see how tonight would've accomplished that. Hmm. So Jonathan, here we are. It's midnight. The convention is over. The general election, you know, in some sense is officially now underway. Trump survived this assassination attempt didn't change his S stripes, but he's ahead in the polls.


He seems stronger than ever. The parties completely unified behind him. That's all in his favor. But the race could fundamentally change in a few hours or a few days. If as increasingly it looks like Joe Biden decides to get out of this race, and then Trump's going to be in a different race. And like you said, he decided not to take the opportunity to speak to those swing voters who he may need even more than ever if he faces a different and stronger democratic rival. So how should we think about all of this? I think it would be really kind of foolish to imagine that there's some great change as a result of this speech.


I do think it's a missed opportunity, but Trump has so many advantages right now. Mm. He's facing a party in complete disarray with donors. Fleeing Trump's team is hoarding cash. And you saw over this week a party that is completely unified under Donald Trump. They're not unified on policy. You had an OnlyFans performer who's pro-abortion talking on Monday night. You had a union leader talking about the evils of corporate America. Then you had like Nikki Haley and traditional Republicans. You had Tucker Carlson. This was a mishmash. You talk about big tent. This was like the biggest tent you've ever seen in your life.


There was no disease. But they're unified around this almost mythical figure of Donald Trump. That's a very powerful thing. And the Democrats don't have that thing. They've got a fractured coalition. They've got people at war with each other. There's gonna be resentment and There might be even more fighting if and when Biden drops out and there's a debate over who should replace him. So the way I look at it is all of the advantages in this race right now Remain with Donald Trump. Yeah, Yeah. Well, Jonathan, thank you very much. Thanks For having me.


On Thursday night, the times reported that several people close to President Biden believe he has begun to accept the idea that he may have to drop out of the race in the coming days. They emphasized that Biden has not made up his mind and could ultimately remain in the race. But one of them told the times that quote, reality is setting in, we'll be right back.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. They cover more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of their branches are in low or moderate income. Census tracks proudly serving one out of every three US households and more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. See how at Wells fargo.com/saydu member FDIC.


My name is Sam Anderson. I'm a staff writer for The New York Times Magazine. Recently I've been spending time with animal people, scientists, ferret breeders, a heavy metal band that rescues puffins. You got one? Everyone has a story. Jessica, The rat used to eat ice cream out of My mouth. Thinking about animals seems to open up a little door. This is the baby out of the human world coming really close to my head. From The, New York Times. This is animal. Listen to it wherever you get podcasts.


Here's what else you need to know. Day on Thursday amid new revelations about security lapses at the rally where President Trump was shot. The Republican Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, called on President Biden to fire the director of the Secret Service. Lawmakers were shocked to learn that Trump had taken the stage at Saturday's rally, even after police officers at the scene had identified the would-be assassin as a potentially dangerous person and passed that warning on to the Secret Service. In the end, it appears authorities lost track of the shooter until it was too late.


A quick reminder to catch the latest episode of the interview right here tomorrow, David Marzi talks with NBA star Joel Embiid. If I was healthy and all the seasons, that would be a different conversation. Is the implication that you think you would be in the greatest player of all time conversation without the injury problems? I think so. I think I'm that talented. Today's episode was produced by Clear Tennis getter, Carlos PTO Rom Ziko and Alex Stern.


It was edited by Rachel Quester, contains original music by Marian Lazano, Dan Powell and Pat McCusker, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Vanta Leonberg of Wanderly. That's it for The Daily. I'm Michael Babar. See you on Monday.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. They cover more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of their branches are in low or moderate income. Census tracks proudly serving one out of every three US households and more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. See how at Wells fargo.com/saydu member FDI.