
With Instacart, starting a new school year can be easy because memorizing your daughter's volleyball schedule is hard. And explaining why she needs to take geometry is hard, and remembering whether emojis are cool or uncool is hard. But ordering groceries and last minute school supplies and getting delivery through Instacart in as fastest 30 minutes, that's easy. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Offer expires 14 days after first order terms and exclusions apply.


I'm Sabrina Tnsi, and This is The Daily On. the first night of the Democratic National Convention, the stage belonged to the man who chose to give it up. Today I spoke with my colleagues, Katie Rogers and Peter Baker about Joe Biden's private pain since stepping aside. And his public message here in Chicago, it's Tuesday, August 20th. Is this a line we need to get on? This is the line.


Oh gosh. I'd say We're gonna be here 45 minutes or so. Woo. My goodness. These nice birds and flowers here. Little Butterfly. Oh, there it is. I can see the United Center now. See, it's through the, Yeah, but can you see the front of the line? No. Line. Line. Line. I feel like the Season is passing as we're like waiting. There's like a cicada coming up. Yeah, I see some leaves turning. Yeah, you got it.


Have your credentials ready. Oh, is this the end? There you go. Okay, so we're through the line. It was indeed 45 minutes as I predicted, and we are standing outside a giant building with a big blue sign on it that says Democratic National Convention. And it is Kamala Harris's convention. It is her week, but it is Joe Biden's night. Tonight. He's going to take the stage, give a speech to an entire party who forced him out.


And many of us know the broad story of how he decided to step aside, but the question always has been, what was the thing in the end that fundamentally made him drop out? But My colleague, Katie Rogers has gotten inside the final few days for Biden in making that decision. So we're gonna go talk to her about what ultimately drove Biden to make this decision to leave the race. Okay. Big New, York, Times area. Maybe seeing a lot of other people I know. Oh, here she is. Katie.


Hi, how are you? Are you ready? Yes. Okay, Cool. Welcome. We're so glad to have you. So Katie, just to start, I wonder if you could reflect for a moment about what this convention was supposed to be up until a month ago. Right. I mean, this is something that President Biden had been looking forward to. He had been workshopping a big convention speech. You know, this is something that Biden didn't get in 2020, if you remember, we were in the middle of a pandemic. This was all done virtually for him. This would've been the very first time in his career that he was the presidential nominee at a huge 50,000 person strong convention.


You know, you get the balloons, you get the big banners with your Biden ISS broadcasts everywhere. It was a moment this president doesn't really ever get to Have, I mean, it's been a moment he's wanted for decades, right? So many people cheering for him and choosing him in a way, It's the validation he has wanted the validation of being that choice and will not get that now instead of this moment where he gets to, you know, lay the groundwork for a second term. He is ending his political career in Chicago on stage. Katie, you and our colleagues have been reporting on why he decided to give up something he wanted so badly.


Tell us about what you found. Right, so it starts almost exactly a month ago. The president is campaigning and comes down with COVID and is rushed home on Air Force one to his beach home in Rehoboth in Delaware. There he is joined by his wife, Jill Biden, the First lady. And there are two other aides who are very close to him. Another key advisor was in Rehoboth at the time, sort of on standby, named Steve Rachetti. He's the keeper of the president's political relationship. So a lot of the party leaders were funneling their alarm and their worry and their unhappiness through Steve Rachetti.


Got it. So Friday the president was sick and didn't really get out of bed much. He read the papers by the pool. The next day though, he gets on the phone calls Steve Rachetti and says, I need you and Mike at the house. And Mike is Mike Donnellan, the president's most senior strategist, the writer of his speeches. Really the keeper of the Biden flame, if you will. Biden Chetty and Donald go over the polling, go over what people in the party are saying, and essentially say to the president, look, if you want to do this, we can get you there.


We have been around all of us long enough to know that the polling can be wrong. We can get you there. It's sort of a cultural belief in the Biden Circle to not discount polls, but to look at them and say, well, we have been here before, but it is going to be a climb, and you are going to do it alone without the support of Democratic party leaders. He'll be ripping apart his party if he wants to do this. Finally, Biden, who is still sick and weakened with COVID, says to them, well, what would we tell the American people?


Meaning if we were to drop out Exactly what would we say? And that's really the first moment that Biden wants to see something on paper that is an announcement that he would be leaving the race. The President says to them that he wants to sleep on it, and they let him go upstairs. He's sleeping in a spare bedroom because he has COVID. Hmm. So he's alone. So he's alone on one of the most important nights of his life. And you know, people close enough to him to know his thinking in this moment, to have told me that it was not decided. But everybody sort of knew where he was going. The next morning he gets up, the letter gets finalized, and it is published on X.


Exactly. One minute after he calls into a senior staff meeting and is reading the letter to them, telling them that he is leaving the race. So it sounds like the calculations for him are not about winning or losing, but really about the party. Right. And party unity. And not wanting to, as you say, rip it apart. Exactly. What do we know about how he's been feeling about that decision since then? That was a month ago, as we said. Right. So in the moment, you know, it's been described to me as peace, a sense of understanding that he was not willing to do what would've been required of him politically to keep going.


And I think in the weeks since, I think he has experienced a mixture of emotions. The president, it should be noted, I think is a pretty proud person. There was a really big day a few weeks ago where three American hostages were released from Russian custody as part of a really complicated seven nation prisoner swap. That is, you know, as Jake Sullivan, the president's national security advisor was fighting back tears, talking to us that day saying, this is vintage Joe Biden, this is what he's best at. Hmm.


Complicated foreign policy. That was a moment for somebody like Biden to say, Hey, I'm still the president. And I was on the tarmac at, you know, midnight when those hostages came off. Yeah. And was talking about the importance of allies, the importance of diplomatic relationships, essentially saying, the importance of my experience is this. Yeah. And, if you know how he approaches politics, you know that he is saying in that moment, I have value. This is what I bring. This is what I am good at. And he wants the chances to be able to say that. It's like he's sending a message to the people who pushed him out. Effect. Totally. Yeah.


Yes. Yeah. Yes. And speaking of the people who pushed him out, you know, I think there are people close to the president who, you know, have told me as much saying, this party will have to reconcile with what it did to a sitting president who the voters had chosen. And you know, I think that there is definite resentment, frustration, distrust. Former President Obama was somebody who was making a lot of calls to party leaders, including, you know, he was in touch with the vice president in the days before the president decided to drop out. There is definitely a sense of resentment toward Nancy Pelosi, the former house speaker, for saying things like, well, you know, if he does drop out, I think we should have an open convention to basically, before he is even made the decision to say, well, here's how it could look and what I think.


Right. And He just sort of is pushed out. Right. Right. So one of the things he did is saying, I fully support the vice president as the person to carry on my legacy and to win this election and prevent another term for Trump. And it really shut down talk of other people jumping into this race. She locked it up. There's gotta be a land speed record for that. You know, there were these conversations about we don't want it to be a coordination, but you know, it was pretty close. And that is because Biden made the strongest case he could for her at a moment where the Democratic party had leaders saying, well, let's do this, or I would like this, or maybe this person and Biden all but said, well, no, we're going with my person, we're going with the vice president.


I picked. So again, he doesn't want to see this party infighting. He endorses her so that there's not this nasty public battle. Right, exactly. Again, unity. It was a unity play. And it was, again, a fear of his that this would happen, should he not really make a strong case for her. And you know, it's interesting because, you know, the reporting we had leading up was also that he privately did not necessarily believe that Harris could win and got to this point by the time he decided to leave the race, that he clearly believed that she was the one who could. Yeah. So in a way, one way of looking at this convention is that it's not his convention, but he did have a big hand in making it her convention.


I think that's right. It's definitely not his big event to headline anymore. You know, he's coming in as not the change candidate that so many Democrats are seeing in Harris now, but as sort of this throwback figure almost that is passing the baton to her. And I think he sees the vice president as somebody who is best positioned to carry forward his legacy. She's taking the baton from me, I save democracy. She will preserve it, you know, and inside the United Center where we are, delegates who are arriving, are getting little coffee bean packets that say Cappa Joe on them.


And the digital banners will say, spread the faith and a couple other bidens. And then they go dark when he's done, and they flip over to Harris walls and the sort of messages associated with her campaign. So there's a lot of talk of gratitude for him. The thing is, though, is that Joe Biden has been around long enough to understand that the second beat to thank you so much is thank you so much for dropping a campaign that Democratic voters did not believe in. Thank you so much for getting off the stage. And for somebody like him, that has gotta be very bittersweet and a tough moment to get through.


Katie, thank You. Thank you for having me. So right now we're at the arena and we are about to go inside to talk to delegates. These are people who will formalize Kamala Harris's nomination, and we are going to talk to them about Joe Biden. How are people seeing him in this moment? Oh my God. Hi. Are you a delegate? I am a delegate. Where are you from? Michigan. Michigan, the great state of Michigan. Okay. My name is Sabrina. Hi, Sabrina. Hi Bob. Hi Bob. Nice to meet you.


Well, his name is Rob. Rob. Oh, Rob, I'll take Bob. Bob, Rob. Yeah. Whatever. Snob. So a question for you. One word to describe Joe Biden. If you had one word, what would it be? Heroic, Dedicated, Honorable, Courageous fellow Arian. He is an American patriot. He has been such an incredible leader for our nation for years. He, he is been an amazing public servant. I'm a little misty. I, I have such affection for him. I was sad, very sad to see him make the decision he made, but he made the right decision for the country In some ways.


Does part of you wish he was the nominee still? No. No, because it, the, the election is turned on a dime. It's going in the right direction. That was going in a very bad direction before. I mean, in less than a month she's turned over this campaign. She's brought people together in just incredible ways. Now that's not to take away from Joe Biden or to say, I, you know, I mean, I love Joe Biden. How is it gonna feel tonight watching him speak? I don't know, but I Brought Kleenex. I think we're all here to give him his flowers to say thank you. We're gonna be proud for him. It's a vale victory, and he's deserved it and earned It.


I think that there's going to be an incredible outpouring of love, respect, and honor for, for him. I'm not sad for him. I'm proud of him. I'm just, I'm like, I'm in awe of him, really. I am an, and I think we're living history right now. I mean, we're living history tonight. I think the history is gonna show, wow, what an incredible gift that Joe Biden has given us. We'll be right back.


So much has changed over the past few years. Oh yeah. The shift to remote work, supply chain demands, sustainability concerns. It can be tough for leaders to keep up, but we are here to help. I'm Elise Hugh. And I'm Josh Klein. We're the hosts of Built For Change, a podcast from Accenture on Built For Change. We've talked with leaders from every quarter of the business world to learn how their harnessing change to totally reinvent their companies and how you can do it too. Subscribe to Built for Change now to get new episodes whenever they drop.


This is a o Scott. I'm a critic at The New York Times. These days, there are so many movies and books and television shows and songs that it's hard to make sense of at all. If The New, York Times, what the critics do is sort through as much of that as we can to come up with advice, with recommendations to guide you toward the stuff that's worth your time and attention. But we don't only offer guidance. Critics are here to help you make sense of things, to get you thinking about the way a movie connects with history or politics, the way a song opens up emotion, how a piece of art illuminates the world in the magical way that only art can do. Really what I do and what the other critics here do is part of the same project that all of the journalists at The, New York Times work on every day to give you clarity and perspective and above all, a deeper understanding of the world. When you subscribe to The New, York Times. It's not just, here are the headlines, but here's the way everything fits together. If you'd like to subscribe, please go to ny times.com/subscribe.


So we are walking to the arena from the press center. I'm walking with my friend, an admired colleague, Peter Baker admirer. I, I'm an admirer of you. And we are first gonna have a conversation, and then we're gonna go in to watch Biden's speech together. Okay. So we're gonna talk to Peter about what he expects from the speech tonight. Yeah. What do You expect, Peter? Oh, well, look, it's a really fascinating moment, right? Because Joe Biden has been coming to conventions like this since 1972. He's given a lot of speeches, but this is the first one where he has to basically give a speech saying, I'm done. And it's something he's always resisted.


His whole thesis of his political career, his whole life really is if you're knocked down, you get back up. Well, now he's gonna say, okay, this is the end for me after more than 50 years on the public stage. So he's speaking to a couple different audiences. One of course is the audience here in the hall and the national audience watching on television. He's gonna try to frame his accomplishments and pass the torch to Kamala Harris. And the second audience he's talking to really is history. He's trying to say, who is Joe Biden? What did it matter that he was president for four years? Where does he fit in our national story? And it's gonna be a really fascinating speech to watch. And what do you make of the fact that it's happening on Monday, the first day of the convention? Yeah, but you know, this is the day they've chosen for him.


Yeah. Monday is of course the demotion, right? He expected to give his speech on Thursday when he was going to accept the nomination. That's the big night. That's the night you want to give a speech. He's been demoted to Monday, which is usually the night for the formers. And you can already see in the last few weeks, if you go to the White House every day, or you watch him give his public presentations, what few he's done, you can feel the energy and the power and the attention drifting away from him. And it's a palpable thing when a president becomes a lame duck. And you really have seen it these last few weeks. And now tonight, he'll get up there, he'll give his speech, and then he's gonna get on a plane later tonight, and he's gonna head off to California and he won't be here for the rest of the convention. He's gonna literally seed the stage, the Kamala Harris, and it's the symbolic way the Democratic party's gonna say, we're moving on.


All right. The, the Joe Biden era is essentially over now, and we're moving on to the Kamala Harris era. And he will be on vacation. You won't see him in public really again until Labor Day, I guess, Peter, you know, it is really a fundamentally human moment that we're witnessing here, right? I mean, this is a man who had all of these years in public service. Yes. And the one thing he wanted most in the world was this, that he's now giving up. And that feels really just in the sweep of history, pretty remarkable and a very human moment. Yeah, it really is. In some ways, it's the most human story. It's the actually all of our story, because all of us eventually are gonna run out of time, right? He has been in public life for a half century, more than any other president before him, by the way.


He has been running for president since a lot of the people in this arena were children. His first campaign was in 1987. His second one, of course was in 2008. He didn't win either time. Finally, he wins in 2020. And so to say, okay, I'm gonna give it up after spending a lifetime of trying to get there. It goes against the grain. It just is completely against everything that he sees in himself. His life has been full of tragedy and setback, followed by comeback and resilience. And here is the first time he is not bouncing back. So he's done the one thing that he prided himself on, never doing, but at some point you cannot out race time. You cannot out race the impact of age.


And as much as he wanted to stay on the stage, his time has come and he's had to accept that. And it's not an easy thing to do. But tonight kind of brings that to the fore in a very public way. And he's, I think, gonna, this opportunity to frame that exit. Okay, let's watch that speech. Let's watch. We're going over, so we're sitting at the very top row in the arena, and you can really see everything from here. It's pretty amazing. Thousands and thousands of delegates and this huge TV screen.


And now I would like to introduce my father, your 46 president of the United States, Joe Biden. So he's smiling, he's looking up into the crowd. He's putting his hand over his eyes. Thank you. I love You. They're chanting. Thank you, Joe. Thank you, Joe. His eyes are tearing up. Thank you, thank You, thank you. He's always been an emotional politician, not afraid to show emotion in public.


This has gotta be one of the most emotional moments of his political career. My fellow Americans, nearly four years ago in winter, on the steps of the Capitol, on a cold January day, I raised my right hand and I swore an oath to you and to God, to preserve, protect, and defend the constitution, and to faithfully execute. The office of the President of the United States. In front of me. In front of me was the city surrounded by the National Guard behind me, A capitol just two weeks before, and been overrun by a violent mob.


What I knew then, from a bottom of my heart, that I knew now, there is no place in America for political violence. None. Biden's presidency has been rooted in that January 6th attack in the aftermath, basically for four years. And in a way, Kamala Harris is going to run a different campaign because rather than talk about the past, she's trying to say that she's about the future. And important is January 6th, is a lot of Americans want to move on. And the difference between his approach to it and hers is rather striking. I stand before you now on this August night to report that democracy is prevailed.


Democracy's prevailed is the line he used in his inauguration dress in January, 2021. And now democracy must be preserved. This was the reason he gave to run, Right? This is the reason he gave a run in 2020. It's the same narrative and it's the same, you know, evaluation of where we are as a country. In effect, he's trying to say, this is the battle that we have to wage. And even though he's not gonna be the one waging it now going forward, he's telling these Democrats that they have to continue the fight. I also ran to rebuild the backbone of America, the middle class.


So here he's moving on to legacy. Yeah, yeah. He blew him on the legacy. He wants to, hey, commit a few years, talk about what he has done in these last three years. Are all America on legislation, on foreign policy, presumably on on domestic policy. We have done that. And many of those jobs in the, so-called fabs, the building that make the chips are being constructed now. And guess what? The average salary in those fabs size of a football field will be over a hundred thousand dollars a year. And you don't need a college degree. That's about, that's been a big thing for him, a big priority the last four years.


Talking about jobs, people who don't have a college degree trying to move Democrats away from the idea that they're elites and that they only care about people who are highly educated. And it's coming a time when the demographics have changed. The Republicans have become the party of the less educated voters, and the Democrats have become the party of the more educated voters. And he's trying to like recapture that old democratic appeal to working class Americans. And those are his roots. In fact, Those are his roots, right? Scranton Joe, as he conceives himself. Meanwhile, we made the largest investment, Kamala I, in public safety ever. Now the murderer is So, you just mentioned Kamala and I, but here we are about half an hour into this speech, and he really hasn't gotten around to talking about her yet.


Yet he's made a couple passing references to her, but he hasn't yet given us the torch passing part of the speech. Kamala, I are committed to strengthening legal immigration, including protecting dreamers and more, Again, in reference to Kamala, but kind of, But again, in passing As a subsidiary. Yeah, as a subsidiary, right. Kamala and I, and then moves on. There's not, we haven't yet heard him talk about who she is. Oh, she's done as vice president. He's Not giving us a pitch. No, he presumably will before it's over. But this is not a speech he had about Kawa, The brave service members who gave their lives of this country.


He called them suckers and losers. Who in the hell does he think he is? Who does he think he is? There's no words for a person. They're not the words of a person. Not worthy of being commander in chief, period. Not then. Not now. And not ever. I mean that, I mean that from the bottom of my heart. He's talked more about Trump tonight so far than he has about Kamala Harris, because I think he expected to give a speech tonight making the case against Trump, right? That he wanted to make that case himself for his own acy in, in that sense, A lot of the speech, the speech he might have given a month ago, except that one key line.


I accept your nomination, Folks. I've got five months left in my presidency. I've got a lot to do. I intend to get it done. And see, I been the honor of my lifetime to serve as your president. I love the job, but I love my country more. I Love my country more. And all this talk about how I'm angry with all those people who said I should step down.


That's not true. We Love, we love, we love, we love. I love my country more. And we need to preserve our democracy in 2024. We need you to vote. We need you to keep the Senate. We need you to win back the house representatives, and above all, we need you to beat Donald Trump. Yeah. This was his case, right? This was the case he made for himself. Kamala and Tim Elect.


Kamala and Tim. He's endorsing them. He's supporting them, but he hasn't really talked about them. We made incredible process progress. We have more work to do. And comma and Tim, we'll continue to take on corporate greed and bring down cost of food. Peter, is he actually passing the torch? Well, He has changed the subject of the sentence from I will to they will. And the rest of it is a lot of what he would've said otherwise. Exactly. They will continue my policy. Exactly. Exactly. He's, he's outlining what he would've done in effect and saying, Kamala and Tim will be the ones that carry it out.


Selecting Kamala. It was the very first decision I made before I became, when I became our nominee. All Right. We're talking a little bit about it Now. That was the best decision I made my whole career. Okay. I said it was the best decision he ever made in picking Kamala Harris as the vice president. And you could say it's a line, but obviously he understands right now. In some ways, she's the most important thing to his legacy. Because if she wins, he will be remembered for what he accomplished and for sacrificing and stepping aside. And if she loses, people will say he hung on too long through hubris or stubbornness or pride. And he didn't set the Democrats up for success.


In other words, his legacy is entirely dependent on her and what becomes of her in the next couple of months. Absolutely. Right. 10 weeks, we'll decide it. America. America, I gave my best to you. So this is the final moment. The book ends of an extraordinary political career. Whether you support him or not, it's an American story. Who we're, We're the United States of America. This is the line he always uses to finish his speeches.


And there's nothing we cannot do when we do it together. God bless you all. And may God protect our troops. Oh, The crowd is roaring. He turns around, looks behind him. So about 48 minutes. Yep. Long speech. It's now well after midnight in the east. Yep. But you know, the crowd here was appreciative. Even if some of them began to drift away, Joe, and behind him and behind Jill standing up are graphics saying, thank you, Joe. And we love Joe.


Joe Here. Here's Kamala Harris. Kamala and her husband Doug are joining them. They're embracing, I love you so much. She just said, Kamala Harris, you can see her lips. I love you so much. He said, and gave him a hug Look. And then she just said, I love you again. This is effectively the torch being passed in effect, sending the signal to the this call to the country and the world that he sees her as his successor. And it's her party now. And, if you can win in November, it'll be her white house. So he is clearing the stage. The next three nights of this convention, all in prime time, will all be Kamala Harris and the people who are promoting Kamala Harris, Joe Biden won't be here anymore and it won't be his convention.


Oh, And he's leaving the stage, Peter. Now he's leaving the stage, literally. And you can argue politically, that's it. He's gone. That's it. We'll be right back.


This podcast is supported by washington.org. DC is a place with such a thriving culture. I spent a weekend there catching up with a few of my favorite people and learning about what makes it such a cultural hotspot. And you have a very strong, rooted, diverse middle class here, and one of the largest concentrations of black wealth in this country. U Street 14th Street has become quite like a gay area. It's not hard to to stumble into a gay neighborhood. Huge Ethiopian culture here in the district. Huge Caribbean culture in the district. We have lots of Amano Afrobeats parties. We have a lots of Bachata parties, lots of salsa parties. Washington DC offers visitors so much to explore. Plan your next trip@washington.org.


Hello, this is Yo Kafa from New York Times Cooking, and I'm sitting on a blanket with Melissa Clark, And we're having a picnic using recipes that feature some of our favorite summer produce. Yue, what'd you bring? So this is a cucumber AUA fresca. It's made with fresh cucumbers, ginger and lime. It's really easy to put together and it's something that you can do in advance. Oh, it Is so refreshing. New York, Times cooking has so many easy recipes to fit your summer plans. Find them all at NYT Cooking dot com.


Here's what else you should know today. In a very constructive meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu today, he confirmed to me that Israel accepts the bridging proposal that he supports it. Israel accepted an important proposal put forward by international mediators, including the US who were trying to broker a last ditch plan for a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. The proposal was described as a bridge toward a larger peace agreement, and Israel's support prompted American Secretary of State and Anthony Blinken to call on Hamas to back the proposal as well. The next important step is for Hamas to say yes and then in the coming days for all of the expert negotiators to get together to work on clear understandings on implementing the agreement.


But it's unclear whether Hamas will back the bridge proposal. Hamas has repeatedly claimed that the ceasefire negotiations have been slanted toward Israel, and in a sign of its skepticism, the group's military wing carried out a provocative suicide bombing in Tel Aviv on Sunday night. Today's episode was produced by Rob Zko, Lindsay Garrison, Carlos Preto, Stella Tan, and Jessica Chung. It was edited by Rachel Quester and Paige Cott contains original music by Marian Lozano, Dan Powell, Corey Rebel, and Rowan Nema Sto, and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Van LANs work of Wonder League. That's it for The. Daily, I'm Sabrina Taver. See you tomorrow.


Audible has the best selection of audiobooks, Hands down. You'll always find the latest, best sellers along with binge worthy podcasts and exclusive originals. No matter what you're into Steamy Romance, a-List, memoirs fantastic Sci-Fi, inspiring Motivation and more. It's salt there in the Audible app, there are also thousands of included titles with more added every week. So you've always got something new to try. There's more to imagine when you listen on Audible. Find out for yourself. Sign up for a free 30 day trial at Audible dot com slash The. Daily.