
ICF works with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on, I ICFs. Data driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


Hey, it's Sabrina. Before we get started, a few details about a major developing story that's still being pieced together. According to investigators, in the early hours of Wednesday morning, an armed man driving a rented pickup truck deliberately plowed into a crowd celebrating New Year's Eve in New Orleans, killing at least 15 people and injuring dozens more. In a short speech last night, president Biden said that the driver, a US Army veteran who died during the attack, had been inspired by the Islamic state and had expressed a clear desire to kill Investigators said that they are still trying to determine whether he had acted alone or had any help from individuals or a group.


These are the key facts we know for now. We'll be following developments over the next few hours and we'll bring them to you as soon as we can. Okay, here's today's show. This is daily producer Olivia Nat. I am in Las Vegas, outside an arena where tonight there is going to be a UFC Championship fight. I am notoriously squeamish, so I'm really excited to talk to people about why they like this sport, why they're here tonight, and I'm gonna go talk to some of them. It is a microphone. Do you have a couple minutes to answer some questions? Oh, hell yeah.


Yeah. Let's get some questions going. Let's get some questions going. Why are you guys here tonight? What do you like about watching fights? The combat is love it. Like you never know. It's two men in a cage. It's man versus man beast versus these. I really enjoy the special moments where people like get knocked out. It's live action. It lets you know who You are. I've never been to a fight before. What should I expect tonight? You gonna go nice? Yeah. Expect somebody's gonna get knocked out, choked out. You know, anything can happen in this octagon. You'll enjoy this, I promise you. Okay. You'll enjoy this From The New York Times.


I'm Sabrina Taver and This is The Daily. All right, walking over to the octagon and it sounds like the first fights have just kicked off. Over the past five years, one Sports League has gained popularity faster than any other, the Ultimate Fighting Championship or U FC. Again, stop Today, my colleague Matt Flegenheimer on the Man behind the league, and how his longtime friendship with Donald Trump has transformed what was once a fringe sport into a cultural and political powerhouse.


Oh shit. It's Thursday, January 2nd. Let's Stop. Matt Flegenheimer, Sabrina tab, Welcome to the show. Thank you so much for having me. So Matt, we're gonna talk today about UFC, but I have something to admit to you, By all means. I've actually never watched it. Hmm. So let's start with the basics. Matt, tell us what the UFC is. Sure. The UFC stands for Ultimate Fighting Championship. It's the sort of primary promotion associated with mixed martial arts. It is a cage fighting enterprise, which combines elements of kickboxing, wrestling, juujitsu into this kind of very painful medley of activities in what they call the octagon.


This eight sided cage where two fighters convene and beat each other up over a course of rounds. Okay, that probably explains why I've never heard of it. It also has been one of the fastest growing sports. Huge audience internationally was acquired for $4 billion in 2016, has only grown since, not just in the sports world, but culturally and politically as well, and really has a kind of crowning moment in November And what happens in November. So president-elect Trump really fresh off his election win, attends a fight at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Trump is sort of waiting in the wings with his entourage and walks out almost as if he is the fighter making His way to the world.


Famous gon blacked by U-F-C-C-E-O, Dana White 45, soon to be 47 President, collect Donald Trump, President and CEO of the UFC. Dana White is to his left. Elon Musk is with him. Mike Johnson is with him. Robert Kennedy Alongside Various cabinet members to be, if he has his way, It's so loud a year. It's so loud And the crowd just loses its mind. It's always loud when he comes here. But now that he's won, now that he's the president again, yes. Oh my God. And Trump is taking this all in. This is obviously a very friendly room for him and he has chosen this as a major post-election victory lap space.


Yeah. And he got the reception that he wanted The greatest comeback in American history under Donald Trump leadership. So they're, they're showing this video on the jumbotron above the octagon, showing various triumphant moments for the president-elect. God spares my life for A reason, and as the video ends, you see the number 45 flash across the screen and then it moves to 47 showing his presidency and his presidency to be. Okay. So this is an extraordinary scene and I want you to tell me, Matt, how we got here. Like how did Trump choose a UFC fight for his coming out party as president-elect?


You know, I think it's actually a pretty natural choice for Trump. If you think about the arc of Trump and the UFC across really 20 plus years at this point. And that arc begins with Dana White. White has been a close friend and ally of Trump's and they've kind of risen in parallel and they've kind of developed an understanding, not just as people who are in business who are transactional, but I think beyond that, there's a sort of visceral understanding mutually about what it means to succeed in this American moment without having kind of establishment forces behind you every step of the way. I think white understands that about Trump, and I think Trump understands that about white. Okay. So tell me about Dana White. So he's from Boston. He sort of bounces around in his youth.


He's kind of a serial scoff law by his own account. He's a hotel bellman for a bit, trains to be a boxer, becomes a boxing trainer, winds up moving to Vegas, continues training and eventually managing fighters, and really becomes sort of enthralled with the UFC. And this is the sort of mid to late 1990s. It's a moment where the UFC is very much on the fringe. It is a young fledgling league with a quite bad reputation across a lot of the American mainstream. We're Live from the mile high city of Denver, Colorado. Eight of the deadliest fighters in the world will meet in a no holds barred combat. And as a viewing experience, the sort of production values were low, the venues were pretty grungy.


This was not Saturday night at Madison Square Garden. Be forewarned, there are no rules, no judges' scores, and No, the UFC's own tagline for a time was, there are no rules. That was sort of the pitch. So Really bloody, bloody And lawless. Eight street tough warriors wage combat in a battle where anything can happen and probably will. John McCain calls it human cock fighting. States are banning it by the dozen venues, don't wanna host fights. But despite all of that, you know, Dane White really sees some potential in the UFC and he sees a sort of appetite in the American audience and beyond for a level of violence through sports that I think the expectation was prior to that maybe people didn't quite have the stomach for.


Okay. So he sees a path to it despite the fact that people like John McCain say it's human cockfighting and states are banning it. Yeah, I think to white this is an opportunity. So what he does is talks to a couple of high school buddies from a family of casino operators and convinces them to put up $2 million to buy the UFC at this moment when it's certainly not a premium property. And to put him in charge and give him a stake and really let him kind of execute the vision that he has for what this sport can become. So What happens given that no one really wants to host the thing, They find someone who does wanna host the thing or is at least willing, Welcome to magnificent Atlantic City, New Jersey.


Somebody with a long history of hosting fights, at least boxing the spectacular Trump Taj Mahal. And that is the future president and President-elect Donald Trump Gathered here in this building here tonight. Some of the greatest Y 2K gladiators in the world Set in February, 2001. At a moment when, as white would say later, nobody was taking them seriously. Donald Trump took them seriously. So in this grand love story of Dana White and Donald Trump, this fight in Atlantic City is really the meet cute moment. This is the moment. And obviously White was grateful to be hosted by Trump, to have the sort of legitimacy that came with having a major fight night at a Trump venue at that time.


With that said, this is not an overnight success by any stretch. They're losing money, it's not taking off in any kind of rocket ship way, but you can see some sort of early signs that Trump and White understand each other. Trump invites one of the fighters onto the celebrity apprentice for a season, and reality TV really plays a substantial role in the UFC's arc On this season of the Ultimate Fighter in 2005, there's a reality show, the ultimate fighter that debuts, Do you wanna be a fighter? That's the question. That's why I'm here. It's not about living in a house, it's about do you want to be a fighter and only you know that It really helps drive interests and complete the picture of these fighters For viewers, they get attached to these sort of biographies, these compelling stories for the, Now apparently Diego Sanchez is doing some kind of a yoga body building pose down with baby oil all over his body.


You wanna face this Ring. That's just not my style. And it does really help the fights themselves get a sort of wider audience and gain more traction. What a war between these two guys. So you wanna be an ultimate fighter five seconds. Wow. What To such an extent as the UFC grows that Trump gets a little jealous, what does he do? And so in 2008, Trump announces he's investing in his own rival mixed martial arts enterprise. And you know, he's trying to sort of harness some of the energy that the UFC is clearly channeling, but his group is not long for this world and his operation collapses pretty quickly.


But it's really a testament to the Trump white friendship. The two of them are not necessarily the type to take kindly to business threats in their respective fields and they stay on very good terms here. And in 2011, the UFC signed a big TV contract. Trump sees an article about it, takes it, writes a message on it and sends it to white saying, you know, congratulations, I always knew you were gonna do it like he's A proud mom or something. And and sort of, you know, it's both a compliment and self-regarding about his own instincts that that Trump, Trump saw it coming as well. Yeah, yeah. He spotted it Too. They spotted it together. Okay, so clearly these two have a lot in common, right? They're businessmen, they both have this reality TV thing.


They both see the potential in this very violent sport. What about their politics? You know, in some ways They approach politics from kind of a similar vantage point. If you think about Trump before he was president, it's very transactional, not ideological. You know, frankly, as the commissioner of a league that's trying to appeal to as many people as possible in general, those sorts of figures wouldn't necessarily want to engage in partisan politics because the country is pretty evenly split and you're trying to cast a wide net, you Would alienate half your audience. Sure. But then Trump runs for office in 2016 and he has a request when he becomes the Republican nominee, which is that Dana White speak at his convention that summer.


Which obviously would place him very much in the middle of partisan politics, right? In a way that had not been a part of his profile. Yeah. Previously he has said he was advised against doing it for all the reasons you would expect that it would alienate potential sponsors, it would alienate fans. So it was kind of high stakes for him because potentially it could alienate half his audience. Sure. But he does speak at that convention. What's up to you? Pete And White himself leaned into the idea that it was sort of strange that he was there. Thank you. I'm sure most of you are wondering what are you doing here? You're probably wondering what are you doing Here was kind of his opening And I wanted to show up and tell you about my friend Donald Trump. The Donald Trump that I know.


And he talked about the chance that Trump took on him and the UFC in 2001. His loyalty, his fighter instincts. He was the sort of validating voice that Trump wanted to have in that moment. Lemme tell you something, I've been in the fight business my whole life. I know fighters, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump is a fighter and I know he will fight for this country. So what's the effect of all of this? Like, does it actually have repercussions on his business? The sky doesn't fall right? And I think that's an important lesson that he learns in that moment. He goes out on this limb, he's advised against doing something much in the way that he was in his telling, advised against giving it all to the UFC at the beginning.


In this case, Dana White gives the speech at the RNC, it goes fine. And as a matter of fact, Trump's elected president and now he knows the president. Right? So the lesson is go with your gut, Trust your gut. And I think the lesson was that Dana White believed then and believes now that he knows his audience better than anyone. And to him, that audience respects somebody who will do what he believes in, or at least project that he's doing what he believes in. He has been somebody with an antenna for this stuff and for knowing where his audience would be across the decades.


If you're in section 11, that'll be on your left section. GU will be on your right. Do you follow Dana White at all? Oh hell yeah. I love Dana White. What Do you love about him? The fact that the man took over the sport when everyone thought it was going to go downhill. You know, some people, rich, famous people are against certain level. They, they're higher class, they look down on people, he's like in it. So he knows what real people want. I feel like UFC really allows people to speak their minds. And I know Uncle Dana kind of allows that. He's the goat.


Okay, end round one. Going into round two, We will be right back


Behind every bp, Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day. People producing energy offshore people turning it into products at our refineries, people doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine. People trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you at one of BP's growing family of retail stations, they're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at bp.com/investing in America.


This podcast is supported by Carnegie Mellon University, where innovation meets impact home to world class faculty, cutting edge research and diverse global thinkers. Carnegie Mellon University shapes the future from robotics to the arts. Our students redefine possibilities. Join a community that turns ideas into action and passion into purpose. Carnegie Mellon, where what if becomes what's next? Learn more@cmu.edu.


Okay, so white backs Trump, and as you said, the sky doesn't fall and in fact it boosts his status and his league status. What's the next thing he does that really propels this league? Well, it comes during a pretty dark time across the sports landscape and otherwise, and it's covid, obviously sports are sort of shut down across the board. People are thirsting for any kind of content of any sort, right? Because remember it was covid. Everything shut down. Everything shut down, and they Stopped playing a b stop playing. And there is this appetite to get something fresh and live on the air. And Dana White sees an opportunity, he's trying to find workarounds and he finds it in Florida an empty arena in Jacksonville.


The UFC becomes the first major American pro sporting event in the Covid age to reopen. And certainly the expert consensus and the medical consensus was that this was not necessarily a fantastic idea. He is sort of bulldozing through that concern. And it was a moment when obviously the sports landscape was barren. He had a pretty captive audience and it was really a showcase opportunity for the UFC. So in part it catches on because nothing else is on. That's a huge piece of it. But it's interesting, white, obviously for years, despite the speech in 2016 at the convention, had kind of positioned the UFC as the apolitical sport in contrast to what he and I think a lot of UFC fans saw as kind of an overt intrusion of politics and protests and social justice initiatives into the NBA, the NFL.


The UFC was supposed to be sort of insulated from that. Of course, in this case, COVID became a great piece of the culture war. And by opening reopening at all, that's a political stance and certainly was aligned with where Trump was in that moment as he was pushing for a kind of broader reopening of the economy. So suddenly there starts to be some real overlap between the UFC and MAGA World. Absolutely. And it's been building for some time, but this is the moment that really establishes white as a MAGA superstar of the highest order in a way that even the convention speech didn't. And you see the Trump orbit and the UFC orbit, the white orbit kind of merge and this cultural moment starts to form around disaffected men who feel slighted, who feel like the world has not been conspiring in their favor for some time.


This is like the Manosphere, the manosphere. And these fights become a gathering place for the leading lights of that intellectual space. This sort of amorphous right wing, anti woke, anti-establishment sentiment. And in his period of not being the president anymore, starting in 2021, Trump is kind of one of those figures. He becomes somebody who shows up at these fights, frankly in moments of sort of public turmoil for himself, one of the first public appearances he makes in his period of being kind of a pariah after January 6th in 2021 is at a UFC fight. Interesting, huh. After he is indicted, he goes to a UFC fight, he becomes a sort of balm and he's walking in and getting a giant ovation among a lot of his supporters.


And that obviously expanded over the course of these four years in between his terms. So back to your larger point, this is more than a sports league. Absolutely. And White has accumulated a ton of cultural capital and political capital from being this grand figure in that space. And he knows when and how to use it. And I think the most interesting example of this in recent times is with Bud Light, like The beer, The the beer, bud Light, the beer. Are you familiar with Bud Light as a, as a brand? Matt, keep going. Hi. Impressive carrying skills, right? I got some Bud Lights for us. So, so in the spring of 2023, you see the beginnings of a huge backlash to Bud Light on the political right.


This month I celebrated my day 365 a womanhood and Bud Light sent me possibly the best gift ever a canon with my face on it over Over a promotion they did involving a transgender influencer. Let me say something to all you and be as clear and concise as possible. Fuck Bud Light and fuck Anheuser Busch. So across conservative media, people are just hammering Bud Light. Bud Light has just released a commemorative can celebrating a man and dresses up like a woman. This Is another example of woke corporations and how they completely ignore everything that they really stand for in the people that actually buy their product.


I just don't understand that as a marketing tool. And Dana White is in the process of negotiating a beer sponsorship with Anheuser-Busch Bud Light pairing company. And he's in a tough position because he's sort of stands accused of selling out for associating with Bud Light after this major backlash. But obviously the sponsorship is lucrative for the UFC. Today's guest is an entrepreneur, he's a renegade, he's a business mogul and he is the head of the UFC. So what he does is he sets about trying to un cancel Bud Light. You know, people are talking shit now, sell out and all the shit they'll that they'll fucking say, believe me, I'm the furthest fucking thing from a sell out.


Yeah. And what Wade does is call himself as a character witness, Bud Light is the right move for me. They're exactly who I wanna be with right now. And we are very aligned as far as core values Go. He goes on with Tucker Carlson, with Sean Hannity, with Charlie Kirk. If you consider yourself a patriot, you should be drinking fucking barrels of Bud Light. The message being essentially, if Bud Light wants to do business with me, like that tells you all you need to know. And privately he is back channeling with a lot of these figures. Kid Rock, who had been a part of this effort to protest Bud Light. He is talking to the Anheuser-Busch CEO in white's green room and they're sort of talking it out and finding a way forward.


And then Trump himself, even months after that, is continuing to sort of hammer Bud Light on social media and White speaks to him on the phone. And after that phone call, Trump posts a sort of follow up saying that the company deserves a second chance going through a lot of talking points that echo whites. And lo and behold, about a year after boycotts began, and a few weeks after Trump has backed down, I attend to fight in Miami and the fighters are out there bleeding all across the Bud Light logo on the canvas. So white gets what he wants. It's hard to see another figure say to get that intersection of culture and politics and sports who could have pulled off what white pulled off here.


So here you have Dana White convincing Trump to backtrack, and it really just shows how much power White has in this relationship, which is kind of pretty surprising based on everything we know about Trump. Absolutely. And they're both well positioned to do each other some good. And certainly Trump can call in white to help him in moments of political need as well. And we see that in this last campaign. So what happens in the campaign exactly with white? A couple of things. I mean, again, he's speaking of the convention, so that's the sort of explicit, overt, you know, endorsement. And nobody was surprised he was there this time. But the sort of broader kind of role he plays in this is as this kind of master of ceremonies white for this entire universe of people, the fights become gathering places and he can make connections between Trump and these figures in the manosphere.


Whether that's Joe Rogan, whose podcast he ends up doing, the Nlk Boys, his other podcasters, the O Vaughn White is in the middle of all of that, the kind of chief ambassador moving between Trump and these worlds. And Trump campaign as part of its strategy sees a lot of voters who don't necessarily engage with politics, who are not following the news closely, a really target demographic for them. They're going after people who often skew younger and male who are not necessarily ideological or don't sort of fall on ideological lines on the issues and the way that you would expect traditionally. And a lot of those people watch the UFC and a lot of people in that world respect Dana White's opinion. And so Trump is appearing on a lot of these podcasts.


He is speaking to these audiences, Right. And just to remind people, this was the holy grail demographic, right? Because in part it was so hard to reach the people who don't ordinarily follow politics and really don't necessarily vote that much. Yeah. And it's been traditionally hard to break through to that demographic. And the Trump campaign had a lot of success. Welcome to UFC unfiltered, Matt and I, the Trump campaign is really trying to meet them where they are. I mean, Trump did a UFC fan podcast and wasn't talking about any kind of policy. Are You good at making picks? No matter how many fights I watch, I'm terrible at making picks. I'm always Raw. Well this, this sport is interesting. Like I watched Usman, I think he's a terrific guy, by the way.


Terrific Person. Yeah. This was a guy talking about fights and having actually a really interesting level of recall about specific fights and the history of it, the intricacies of the UFC. You know, I look at like UFC or, or boxing or any of these things, even sports generally, it's sort of a microcosm of life. It's actually about as close to contemplative as I've heard him get. He gives this answer talking about fights, that it's sort of a microcosm of life. It's this sort of binary thing. There are winners and losers and you can sort of see how that maps onto his political worldview. You know, it's, it's so interesting. But the nice part, it's over in a period of a half an hour, 45 minutes, it's all over and you sort of see a decision. But it's a little bit like life when you think about it.


And obviously Trump wins the election in November and he and his team are well aware of how integral that strategy was and White's role in it, and on election night after midnight, as he's giving his victory speech, we Also have a mand, Dana White, who has done some job. Does he pull up on stage to the microphone to give some remarks? But Mr. Dana, White and white proceeds to give a speech that is not surprising to anybody who's listened to him or Trump talk about these recent years. It's heavy on the sort of expert consensus being wrong. This is what happens when the machine comes after you, what you've Seen over the, and he shouts out these figures.


I I, I want to thank some people real quick. I want to thank the Nel boys, Aiden Ross from this universe. He sort of presides over in some ways. And Last but not least, the mighty and powerful Joe Rogan. So once again, these two men are validated in their instincts to buck the system, like to go with their gut really in the most extraordinary way and and in the end kind of shock the establishment. Absolutely at the, I think both of them have learned that lesson time and again in their public lives, that expert consensus is often nonsense, that their instincts are to be trusted. What you've seen, I think, from both of them is a sort of recognition that they can be their purest basis selves and that that would be rewarded.


So these two have learned all the same lessons up to this point. But I guess Matt, looking forward, you know, if politics as we know is downstream from culture and Trump is clearly identifying the UFC as a very valuable part of culture to him politically, then what can we learn about where we're headed? Looking at where the UFC is now, what does it tell us about the future? I think White and Trump both saw around the corner here about what the UFC could become in the cultural and political space that it has become. And there's no reason to think now that it will be any less important. It'll probably even more important. And the way that the two of them see the world mean that their worldview will matter quite a bit.


And what has really articulated his worldview quite clearly to quote him, America has become so soft. If you have even this much savage in you, everything out there right now is for the taking. Wow. And that sounds like Trump. There's a reason they're friends. Matt, thank you. Thank you, Sabrina. Why do you think the violence appeals to you? I just like how brutal it is. It's different than boxing. It's very relaxing to me because of the violence of it.


I could watch it every day. Why do you think this is a thing that men are so into? I feel like it's just embedded in every guy. Like every, every guy's DNAs, It's like instinctual type shit, right? Like, I mean, this is what we used to do like hundreds of years ago. You know, we were gladiators. You know, it's, it's just part of us. I've never seen a head do that before. I like the fact that a man could be a man and he could put his hands on another man and not go to jail. Do you feel like it's an outlet for something you don't get to express in other areas of your life? Hell yes. Yes, you could let the rage out and not get in trouble.


So 100% We'll be right back.


Work management platforms, ugh. Red tape, endless adoption time. It bottlenecks. And after all that, nobody really uses them. But what If you didn't hate your work platform? What If you actually loved it? monday.com work management platform is different. You can make any changes you want and adapt it to your needs in an instant. No, it middlemen, no admin overlords. Less roadblocks, more highways. Add to that, the beautiful dashboards that give you a realtime broad view of all your work. And what do you get? Easy peasy adoption because people actually want to use it. monday.com, the first work platform you'll love to use.


Hey buddy, wanna go to the dog park? Go with Simica Trio. It's triple Protection Made Simple. Simparica Trio is the first monthly chewable that covers heartworm disease, ticks and fleas, round and hookworms. This drug class has been associated with neurologic adverse reactions, including seizures, use with caution in dogs with a history of these disorders. Be sure to tap to read the full prescribing information. Protect him with all your heart. Ask your veterinarian about Simparica Trio Tap or visit simparica trio.com to learn more.


Here's what else you should know today. Ukraine's leader has followed through on his threat to shut down the last major pipeline that carried natural gas from Russia to Europe. By closing the pipeline, Ukraine hopes to undermine Russia's ability to fund its war against Ukraine and use energy as a weapon against Europe. Before it stopped operating on Wednesday, the pipeline had brought Russia more than $6 billion in revenue a year. Ukraine's energy minister called the Closure a quote, historical event. Today's episode was produced by Nina Feldman, Olivia Nat, Sydney Harper, and Claire Tennis getter with help from Shannon Lynn, Rochelle Banja, and as Chaturvedi.


It was edited by Lexi Dia. With help from Michael Benoit contains original music by Dan Powell and Marian Lozano and was engineered by Chris Wood. Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Lansford of Wondery. Special thanks to Joseph Bernstein. That's it for The Daily. I'm Sabrina Taver. See you tomorrow.


At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient from helping the VA cut disability exam processing times by half to already being done with this ad. Leidos making smart, smarter.