
BP added more than $130 billion to the US economy over the past two years by making investments from coast to coast investments like acquiring America's largest biogas producer, ArcHa energy and starting up new infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico. It's and not, or see what doing both means for energy nationwide at BP dot com slash investing in America. From The New York Times. I'm Michael Bavaro. This is The Daily as Kamala Harris successfully re-energizes the Democratic Party. Her campaign is now trying to figure out how to translate that excitement into a winning coalition of voters in November.


Today my colleagues travel to the swing state of Wisconsin where a group of skeptical voters may represent Harris's single biggest challenge. It's Thursday, August 8th. Reid Epstein. Welcome back. Hi Michael. So Reid, from the moment that Joe Biden left this race and Kamala Harris replaced him as the presumptive democratic nominee, the promise was that she would do better than Biden ever could against Donald Trump.


But the specifics of that, of how she would do better felt a little bit vague. And that's what we wanna talk to you about today. We've had a few weeks to better understand that proposition. So what does a winning Harris coalition in November look like? And how does it compare with the support that Biden had been getting? So, Michael, I, I think the place to start is not two and a half weeks ago when Biden got outta the race, but four years ago when he defeated Donald Trump and won the White House in that race, he won a bunch of states that Trump had won. In 2016 he won Michigan and Wisconsin and Pennsylvania in the Midwestern blue Wall states.


And he won in the Sunbelts in Georgia and Arizona. And he held onto Nevada In that election, Biden assembled a coalition with three essential elements for any Democrat to win a national election. He drove up turnout in big cities, particularly among people of color and young voters. He did better than Hillary Clinton had with college educated voters in the suburbs. And he did something that has been trickier in the Trump era. He limited his losses among white working class and rural voters. Biden had an image as Scranton Joe and somebody who had been in every union hall in the country and was familiar to some of these rural white voters as the type of Democrat that they used to vote for when they were voting for Democrats.


So now place Kamala Harris into that same dynamic. So Michael, what all the polling and models tell us at this point is that Harris has to replicate much of that 2020 Biden Coalition to win. But she's not the same person, right? She's not an older white guy from Pennsylvania. She is a black and south Asian woman from San Francisco. And so the question for her in the last couple weeks has been what elements of the Biden Coalition can she put back together or even exceed, and who from his voters would be turned off by her as the candidate?


And what we've seen in the last couple weeks from Harris is that she has engendered an enormous amount of enthusiasm and excitement from precisely the part of the coalition that Biden was weakest with young people and people of color. Hmm. But one of the risks for her is that among the white working class and rural voters where Biden held down the Republican margins, that she may come across differently and be less popular than he was with some of these voters in white rural areas. Okay. Well given that, what would Harris need to do to replicate Biden's performance with these white working class and rural communities in the swing states we're talking about?


Well, let's look at Wisconsin, which I know we talk about a lot. It's a state with a lot of rural counties that fit into this dynamic that Harris will have to figure out on this campaign. And one good example is Dunn County in the western part of the state, it is a place that twice voted for Obama and then twice voted for Trump in 2020. Trump won thereby 14 percentage points, which was about 3,300 votes more than Biden received. And Harris needs to at the very least, match Biden's performance there, or maybe have the margin be a little bit less, you know, if he loses the Trump by 12 points and not 14, that's a small amount.


But if you repeat that pattern across the 65 rural counties in Wisconsin, this is a phenomenon that really matters. It's sort of a counterintuitive way to think about how you win in that. It's about minimizing your losses. You're, you're basically saying that how little Harris loses in these white working class rural districts really matters because it really adds up. That's right. And that's really the story of these upper Midwest states that she needs to win. The picture is pretty similar, similar in Michigan and Pennsylvania. She has to do well in the cities, in the suburbs, but she also has to make enough inroads in these rural communities like Biden did to prevent Trump from running up margins so large that it discounts whatever she takes from the cities.


And that's sort of what we're all trying to figure out right now. What does it look like for the Harris campaign to try to win over these white working class and rural voters and stitch back together the coalition that elected Joe Biden four years ago and how is her campaign trying to reach those voters and is what they're doing working? And there's really only one way to begin to answer that, which is to be in one of these rural counties and watch it up close. Why don't I set up Mike too? Shortly after Biden dropped out of the race, my colleagues, daily producers, Jessica Chung and Stella Tan traveled to Dunn County in Wisconsin, the largely white working class community that Reid had mentioned.


Hi, morning. Hi Morning. How are you doing? Good. How are you? And they arrived just as the Harris campaign was kicking off an intense door-to-Door Outreach. I'm Pete. You're Pete. Hi. Nice to meet you. How was your travels in? Very pleasant. We had cheese curds last night. Everyone's been recommending them, so it was the first thing we did, basically. Very good. Jessica Chung begins the story. Well, welcome. Welcome. Thank you. Glad you're here. Thanks. We arrived at the Dun County Democratic Party office just six days after Biden dropped out. This office, it's on the side of a state highway in the small city of Menominee, Wisconsin.


It's wedged between a property management company and a laundromat. I would love to like maybe start with a tour of the offices. Like I know it's not that big, but Sure. Yeah. You might be looking at it. Yeah. Yeah. Pete Huff is the county chair here helping Democrats get elected up and down the ticket. We Have everything from our county clerks race through to Congress. One of the first things that catches my eye are all the lawn signs leaning against the wall. I see one sign on the far end there that might be a little outdated now. Yeah. We have the Biden Harris signs. Yeah, everyone's been asking, This place is a small office in the middle of a huge transition after switching presidential candidates less than a week ago, there hasn't even been time to print new Kamala Harris swag.


What question do I get? At least three times a day. It's like, when can I get my new Harris sign? And then I've seen people that are just making their own signs that say Kamala like arts and craft style. But while the Harris swag hasn't shown up yet, what had started to show up we're volunteers really Wonder. Well, Martha here is our volunteer coordinator. She's obviously signing people up. I heard my name. I'm Aunt Martha. Everybody over 50 calls me. So that can be Aunt Martha. Well, you know, it's easier to remember my name. Everybody's got an Aunt Martha or knows one, you know, Aunt Martha is in charge of coordinating the volunteers here Monday, Wednesday, Friday two to six and then seven. She shows me a schedule that's laid out on this big calendar sitting on our desk and it looks pretty packed full of people raising their hands to do phone banking and door knocking in the week that this campaign office has transformed from one for Joe Biden to one for Kamala Harris.


It's amazing. Yeah. Have You seen a Delusional, oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. The money is flowing in and the money and the people. I can't keep this door closed. What motivated you to volunteer and not just be a voter? Is it Kamala? Oh, for sure. For sure. And did you do any kind of canvassing for Joe Biden? Absolutely not. People are coming out of the woodwork to volunteer to donate money. I woke Up Monday so happy. And I'm thinking to myself, why are you so happy? I'm like, oh my God, it's because of Kamala. I think there's that spark that's there now that newfound energy. There's just an energy and a a fun to it that is Encouraging.


They come in, they want t-shirts. They brought in her book yesterday, the Kamala Harris book. You know, we have a little library there. Basically it was like, you have two old men, you don't like either one of them. Now we don't have That. It's been fun to see some of her talking about cooking turkeys. And so You, you've seen the memes about her? Yeah, This gal came in yesterday, the gal in the purple shirt. She said, I'm a former Republican. I want to give money to Kamala. I want to get involved. I, I haven't seen anything like it. You Know, even watching her first commercial gave me goosebumps. It would be so exciting to have a female president. So Exciting. Yeah, I just think she comes across as one of us With Kamala. It's been amazing.


Hey, how are you? I was just saying how proud of you I was as a reformed republican to come in. Yeah. The challenge for the Harris campaign, of course, is to figure out how to take all that energy and turn it into votes for Democrats in Dun County, that means trying to convince people to support her in a place that's become largely very friendly to Donald Trump. And that's just a reality of we're in a conservative stronghold And I asked Pete about that. I would say it's pretty working class. I mean, we have 3M, we have ConAgra, we have Anderson windows. You'll see signs on people's doors that say, please don't ring the bell or knock. I'm a shift worker and I'm a night shift worker.


Pete's pretty realistic about the challenges facing the campaign here. We don't expect that we're gonna be the place where Harris is gonna win by an overwhelming majority. But our job here is that we keep it as close as we possibly can to make sure that we keep it competitive, that we Remember. Harris will almost certainly lose Dunn County. The goal is for her to lose it by less than Biden did, which is about 3,300 votes. And when you boil that down, it's about 50 votes per precinct. We can can do that. If we have the money, we can absolutely turn 50 votes per precinct for KA left. No problem. So Pete says that there are a couple of key voting groups that the campaign thinks can help them do that. One is young voters, but there's another big one, Female voters in particular.


So this is the ones that are gonna switch and really make the difference. And that's women. So would you say that if there was a white whale in this election, like the kind of voter would be a female voter? I think that absolutely. I think that they're the most Persuadable. I think so. and if you look, Pete Feels women are persuadable in part because of how well women candidates have been doing. Statewide Wisconsin. Senator Tammy Baldwin has done really well in recent elections. Also in a big Supreme Court race. Just last year, voters in Dunn County helped elect a liberal judge, judge Janet proto Seic. Pete saw both of those races up close. We know that the folks that were really backing her from our doors and from our conversations were women voters.


We can follow that template from last April in this presidential election and get Kamala elected. Do you lose a white whale with Kamala now? Like you mentioned that college students and women are gonna be crucial that Kamala is helping Bowie, that kind of demographic of voter, but the ones that Joe Biden carried among white voters, do you think that she might have a harder time winning over those voters than Joe Biden did? Yeah, I wish I had the magic crystal ball, but like, I don't know any democrats that were like pro Joe and now they're like, oh, I'm thinking about Trump because of Kamala. It's like, that's just not a thing for us. If anything, it's that we had folks that were like on the Trump bandwagon that don't really wanna be on it, but they didn't really feel like they could get off of it.


And there's something now Pete's saying the strategy even includes some Republicans who are looking to break away from the party and now might be willing to with Harris at the top of the ticket. But the final piece of the puzzle Pete says is making sure that Democrats actually turn out to vote. He told me a story about a door he knocked on at a house not too far away. They had all the yard signs that would make you feel like it was a good door to knock on. We believe in science and all are welcome. And they had all that stuff. I knocked on the door and it was like a fairly young couple and they were really friendly. And I said, what do you think about Joe Biden? This is before he made the decision to drop out and, and they said, ah, like I guess like not really interested.


I don't know, maybe. And it was like, not the answer you wanna get from a household that's like got all the right signs. It's like you're not gonna vote. Why? Why? Like really? And it's because they just didn't feel that connection. And I guarantee like those are the folks that were, if I were to go back and say like, Hey, like how do you feel about Kamala Harris? I have a feeling based on that conversation that would probably be much more motivated. And there's something now that feels like it's the future of our country that is Kamala Harris. And I think there's a lot of folks that just feel that freshness and they think this is something that's actually gonna motivate more people rather than disinfect voters.


Come on in. If you haven't signed in, we would love it if you signed in. So with all that in mind, Hi everyone. Good morning. Welcome. I know most of your faces, some of you I don't know. Pete starts to gather the volunteers in a circle. I, I think that we're all feeling pretty excited about our presidential candidate. Yeah, It's a mix of season pros and newbies. Some of you are new folks and you might feel a little nervous about it, but don't feel nervous about it. It's just conversations with your neighbors. Pete Tries to put them at ease and reminds them of their ultimate mission. Like if we can shift just a handful of votes in each voting award in Ben County, that's the difference between Kamala winning or not.


And so it really is that close for us. So please just know that this is actually gonna make a difference And trains them on political pamphlet protocol. So These go on doors. They do not go in mailboxes, right? Bad mailboxes are bad for this stuff Before sending them out into the field. Y'all feeling good? Yeah. Okay. Kathleen's feeling good? All right. Okay. Okay, cool. So we're gonna do a little break here. Those that are ready to just like go hit some doors and you feel good about the script, all those things, we're gonna get you numbers, we're gonna get you packs, we're gonna get you out and eat donuts for please take donuts. And with that, the volunteers adorned with brochures and rubber bands in their hands and a list of addresses.


For the first time were door knocking for Kamala Harris. The first time they'd see how voters in this place reacted to their new candidate and they were nervous. Oh, This is the first time I've been out since this happened, so, oh, Are you optimistic? No, I'm scared. This is not gonna be an easy election by any stretch of the imagination. I mean, She's got an uphill battle. And then is there a way we can come with you? Oh, I mean, potentially. I mean we, We leave this little campaign office to go door knocking too with our trustee guide, Pete. Okay, great. Well let's, let's go. Cool. Yeah.


Sounds good. You all know where it is? Yeah. Yes. After the break, Stella Tan brings us the rest of the story. We'll be right back. This podcast is supported by Hamilton, the musical live on Broadway. If you haven't seen the Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award-winning musical or you wanna see it again, great seats are available this week. Hamilton is every bit the global phenomenon you've heard about from the Grammy winning music to the incredible dancing to the unbelievable true story about the Don of a new nation. See Hamilton this summer and book your seats today@hamiltonmusical.com.


Hey, I'm Robert Vin Luen. I'm from New York Times games and I'm here talking to people about Wordle and the Wordle Archive. Do you all play Wordle? I play it every day. All right. I have something exciting to show you. Oh, okay. This is new. It's the Wordle Archive. What? Okay. That's awesome. So now you can play every wordle that has ever existed. There's like a thousand puzzles. What day would you pick? Let's go back to my birthday. It's my first guest's gonna be birth 'cause it's my birthday. What made you guys do an archive? It's one of our most requested features. A bunch of our other games have archives. Like The crossword puzzle? Yeah, exactly like the crossword. You know, you can catch up if you missed one, which is pretty cool. Wordle archive. Oh cool. Now you can do yesterday's wordle if you missed it. Thanks so much for coming by and talking to us and And playing New York Times game subscribers can now access the entire Wordle archive.


Find out more at ny times.com/games. My default word is always bred Why I like bread. So after our visit to the Dunn County Democratic Office, we head out to go door knocking with Pete. We're in this neighborhood with treeline streets and neat front lawns. Yeah, so this is Northside Menominee. It's a little bit more kind of working class neighborhood. I would say there's definitely some very conservative homes here. There's some very democratic houses here. And so yeah, it's a mixed bag here And as we're walking through the neighborhood you can actually see that mix.


There Are lawn signs that say Trump 2024, not far from signs that say Vote for Democrats. That's been a really popular sign this year. On one house there's this black flag Has ar weapons on there and I would just Say, and then down the block, passing by a rainbow flag. A rainbow pride flag. It is pretty striking to have a pride flag on one corner and a few houses down to have a Second Amendment flag. Welcome to Menominee. But it's not these households that Pete is focused on today. Like are we gonna persuade them? Probably not This point. It's only 99 days before the election, so Pete wants to get to the houses whose political views aren't quite so clear cut.


So Yeah, we really are trying to use the voter data to focus on the households that are gonna be the most influential that are gonna make Because he hopes it's these homes that will be the most open to Harris. So we'll go across this road and then we'll cut down. And Pete's goal for today is figuring out how to win them over. Alright, let's see if anybody's home. So I'm gonna say probably not home. Yeah, I don't hear anything. No movement. It's A warm Sunday afternoon.


No signs of life. It's right after lunchtime and for many people in this area, it's right after church service. So we'll just leave this literature packet and come back and talk to 'em another time. And a lot of people aren't answering their doors In the fall. Like for the November election, I'll have the packer schedule on my office clipboard. And we don't ever knock doors during Packer games. Ah, even the strongest of Democrats might sway their vote if we bug them when the Packers are playing. And then finally after striking out a few times we find someone who is home. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Are you Emily? I am, yes. I'm Pete.


I'm with the Dun Kind Democrats. Her name We're knocking our doors is Emily. She says she's in her forties and she's an office worker in the area. I'm just curious about how you feeling about Biden dropping out? How you feeling about Harris being the nominee potentially to run for president? Honestly, at this point I really don't know. Yeah, I voted since I was 18 since I've been able to vote. This is honestly the first election where I just don't know whom I vote for. I need to, I need to vote, I don't want to, it makes me sick. Yeah. So do you typically vote one way or the other? Republican Democrat. I typical vote Republican but I've not been happy with them right now either. So yeah, I really don't know right now This is exactly the kind of voter that Pete has been looking for.


A Republican who hasn't made up her mind and immediately he pounces. Is it an issue that really you're focused on more than anything? It's just He starts bringing up all these different issues to see if anything sticks. Starting with abortion, One thing that she's taken stands on is, is reproductive choice, is that important for you or is it you're on one side or the other? I'd rather not really discuss that. Yeah, sure. Totally. Yeah, I understand. And Emily kind of shuts that door. Are there other issues that might be more motivating? I mean She, so he Pivots some folks it's the economy, some folks To the economy Positions on public education or to Schools. Kamala Harris has a pretty long track record on prosecuting and taking on big banks that were foreclosing on people's mortgages.


He tries Wall Street Focused on crime. And as a prosecutor Mentions crime. Does That feel like a motivator for you in her resume? Not particularly. I definitely would have to read more about it. Yeah, Absolutely. But none of it really seems to land and Emily keeps coming back to one thing. It's just the extremism on both sides. On both sides. Yep. Tired of it. Yeah. Too many people hijacking what either party, especially with Republican Party is and has been in the past. Yeah, I just, my biggest thing honestly right now either way is I wanna see people who are gonna be willing to work with each other and back to let's take care of the middle class and let's stop fighting.


Let's start actually working towards something. Yeah. And do you see kind of Kamala Harris as part of that or does she bring something that maybe is a little more exciting for you? Honestly don't know enough right now about her. Yeah. And where she actually stands outside of Biden. So Yeah. So By the end of Pete's pitch, well Thank you for your time. Really appreciate that you guys have a Good day. The results of his efforts seem inconclusive. And do you mind if I just ask you a couple of questions? And so I hang back with Emily to try to understand more about what had turned her away from the Republican party and whether there was anything about Harris that could win her over.


Honestly, I, a couple years ago, if you would've asked me where I stand on certain issues, I could have told you flat out without any hesitation. Part of my views on certain issues like reproductive rights and other things like that has changed because I'm a mom, I have kids, I have kids in the school system, I see what they're dealing with every day. Some of my court values though are still aligned with the Republicans, but as far as the candidates they're putting forth, I am really not happy with those candidates. So I, you know, I really don't know where I am right now. What Are the things you see your kids dealing with that have sort of made you question your traditional thinking? Other kids in the area, the L-G-T-P-Q stuff is very big in the schools.


There's a lot of that going on and a lot of friends and a lot of relationships and hearing what they have to say. So you're sort of wanting slightly more openness to those conversations? Yep. I think just more toward the moderate, more toward, you know, I'd like to see the Republicans, which some of them are coming back and taking more of a moderate stance on some of these things that they've been firmly, you know, reproductive rights, those types of things coming to more of a moderate, just like what I would like to see. But I don't feel good about Donald Trump in the White House again. And why not? His rhetoric is definitely had a huge part in the division of this country, that's for sure. Some of his policies I don't necessarily disagree with, but the way he conducts himself and the way he presents himself is just not, not something I want as the head of the United States.


So a lot of, so Emily is pretty firmly set on not voting for Donald Trump, but back when Biden was on the ticket, she didn't think he was a viable candidate either. I Don't think he's physically or mentally fit to be leading this country. So when it was that matchup I act, it was a lot of despair, discouragement, She felt stuck and then Harris emerged. If I had to vote today, I probably would end up voting Democrat. But I'm not gonna tell you I feel good about that either because I, I don't otherwise, you know, I have seriously thought about just writing in a candidate at this point too. The thing is, Emily isn't sure that Harris will offer anything different. I really don't know enough about her as a candidate for president to say one way or the other.


It'll be interesting to see how she performs in debates and things coming up to see if She can keep her composure. Thank you so much. I appreciate you taking the time to talk to me. I'm grateful. Alright, thank you. Take care. You Have a good day. When I catch up again with Pete and Jess, we ask Pete how he feels the conversation went. A Persuadable Republican. Yeah. And whether he thinks he seized the opportunity to win over a Republican voter. You know, that's an interesting household where we tried a few different lines of conversation. Obviously Pete knows he's sort of throwing spaghetti at the wall that Really the pamphlets that we have is mostly focused on the Biden Harris administration.


He says one of the challenges of pivoting from Biden to Harris is that forget about new lawn signs and swag. He doesn't even have new campaign materials on hand. And with a new candidate and a short amount of time, it can be tricky to figure out which talking points work for different voters. You know, and we don't quite know if talking about the Biden administration is, is that something that might've turned her off? It's not always clear to him when to link Harris to Biden and when to distinguish her from him. I think if replay that conversation, replay that door a little bit more, would maybe to kind of try to pull apart how she felt about Biden versus how she felt about Harris more specifically to really understand.


So right now Pete's still trying to understand what matters to voters like Emily. And he's taking notes about it on his phone so he can come back to her again with the right message. But even with all these challenges, he says he considers the conversation a success Because it wasn't a a Republican that said no and slammed the door. It was a Republican that stood there and let her air conditioning flow out into this hot day. So that's an invitation for another conversation and if we can bring her closer to us, that's great.


So we keep making our way through the neighborhood. There's this golden retriever standing sentinel at one of the houses in the window. Yeah. A lot of cute dogs. A lot of cute cats. So we'll try this house here on the right. Okay. Oh hi. Hi, how you doing? I'm Pete with the Dun County Democrats. Hi. Do you have a minutes of cats? Sure, Yeah. And we meet a woman named Kate. She says she's 38. I'm Kate, I'm 38. Yeah, I had to think about that for a Sec. And she works in mortgages, Just chatting with folks about the upcoming election.


Paris is running for president or is just kind of curious like what do you thinking about that? It is what it is. I guess. You typically vote Democrat. Yeah. Yeah. Harris. How do you feel? You think she's, Yeah, I don't know. I'm glad it's not Biden. He's too old. And on paper, Kate would seem to be the kind of voter, the kind of democratic voter that Pete hoped might now be motivated by Harris. You know, with Harris you kind of feel like you just gotta get to know her more. Is it something about her that don't like her issues or? I don't think I know enough about her and she's been vice president and to me that just seems like a placeholder position. Yeah. Like you don't do a whole lot as vice president. But I don't want her like winning just because she's a woman of color, a woman not just because you check those boxes.


That doesn't seem like a fair win either. So Were you gonna vote for Joe no matter what or Better of the two crap options? Honestly, I think even my husband was leaning towards like whoever was independent. So it seems like KAA might be a better option, but maybe just has to do a little bit more work to kind of get you fully excited about Yeah, her candidacy. And if she was the one that knocked on your door today, did you give her any advice? No, not really. No. I'd be like, why are you here? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But probably like try and meet in the middle as much as you can. Like make it look like a good faith effort. 'cause right now it just seems like you're playing up this side and they're the enemy and like the other side play up this side and they're the enemy and I'm like, there isn't any compromise I would say At the end of the conversation.


Well, I really appreciate you taking time outta your day to talk. Sure. I did leave some literature on your front door. Pete leaves Kate with some of the outdated Biden Harris pamphlets he has. I Appreciate your time here with us. And he walks away. Can I actually catch you for a couple more minutes? I just, but I wanted to stay behind and talk more with Kate to try to understand why a Democratic voter sounded so resigned about the choices before her in this election. Even with a new candidate at the top of the ticket and why all of the hope and excitement we heard from Democratic volunteers, why she seemed to feel none of that at all. Do you know who you plan to vote for for president?


I mean, if I had to pick today it would probably be Kamala. Even though I'm just, there just doesn't seem to be anything that gets done, period. It's just more belief in the like democratic party viewpoint. More like helping out in the community and like your neighbors, like it doesn't matter if they have 14 million Biden stickers all over their house or like 800 Trump flags. It's like you still deserve to get assistance and help available when you need it. So As Kate's telling me this, her daughter walks up to us on the front lawn and peeks out from behind her leg. Are there any issues that are concerning for you that you wish Kamala would speak more about?


I honestly don't know what she's speaking about, but I definitely know there's been a lot about reproductive rights and being a mom of two daughters, they need their rights. You're kind of running your hands through your daughter's hair. How old is she? She turns six in a week and a half. And what's your name? Emma. Emma. Emma. It's a beautiful name. Are you hearing last week about these issues? Not really, but I don't watch the news a great deal.


It's just seems like a lot of arguing and like pointing out what the other person does bad. Like no, tell me what you're gonna do to help me and my family and my children, Not you. I don't care what somebody else is screwing up. How are you gonna make it better? Just don't tell me how Trump is a schmuck. Long story shortly. We already know that. Your whole base knows that. Just talk about ways you're gonna bring people together. Like how would you work with them? You gotta figure out a way to play nice. We tell that to children and you guys are grownups, so fuck up.


What I heard from Kate was that she feels like both parties are so busy fighting each other that they're not actually doing much to help her family and her community and that she's so repulsed by the political system that she's basically tuning out the messages that Democrats are trying to send. And at this point there was nothing about Kamala Harris yet that made her feel differently. And it sounds like you're still waiting for Kamala Harris to show you who she is. Show me why she deserves it. So Thank you.


See ya. Take care. Bye Bye. Kate, in many ways reminded me of Emily. Even though Emily lean's Republican and Kate's a Democrat, they both talked about feeling frustrated with politics today. And even with this massive shakeup in the race, they don't feel like they know enough about Harris yet to know if she's the solution. And that's something we heard from a lot of people we met while door knocking then like What has she actually been doing, I don't know much about her.


I'll be completely honest. I don't know her yet. So yeah, just gotta do some research on my own. I don't know that we've really talked about Kamala specifically. I mean, I really just don't feel like she's a known entity at this point, That to them Harris is kind of a blank canvas. And for voters like Emily, that blank canvas could be an opportunity for Pete to project an image and a message that could bring Emily in. But for voters like Kate, that blankness could also be a vulnerability, a reason for a skeptical voter or a disaffected voter, even a democratic one to turn away or stay home At the end of today.


What do you see to be the biggest challenges for Kamala Harris to win over voters in this area? What I heard today is that people need to know her track record and they need to know what her vision is for the United States and to speak to those issues specifically. And I think that there's a lot that people need to learn about her. And so we have 99 days to work really hard to educate voters on who this person is and why she's good for Western Wisconsin. Safe travels and thank you for the work that you do. Thank you. Okay, bye. Talk later On Wednesday afternoon, vice President Harris and her new running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz traveled together to Eau Claire Wisconsin for a rally right next to Dunn County.


Hello, e Claire. Isn't it good to have a candidate who can pronounce the name correctly? So There Walls showcased a life story that the Harris campaign hopes will appeal directly to white working class voters across Wisconsin and the entire Midwest. Being a Midwestern or two, I know a little something about commitment to people. I was born in a small town in Nebraska where community meant everything my mom and dad taught me to show generosity to my neighbors and work for a common good. At 17, I joined the Army National Guard.


We will be right back. You want control of your financial future. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice when you need it most. You can also invest on your own and trade on Think or Swim, the powerful award-winning trading platform. Plus, you'll get low costs transparent pricing. And 24 7 live help. Because Schwab understands it's your financial journey and they believe you should have choices in how you invest. Visit schwab.com to learn more. Here's what else you need to Notre Dame. On Wednesday, thousands of police officers fanned out across Britain in an attempt to prevent protests planned by far right groups from descending into further violence.


For the past week, more than a dozen British towns and cities have been rocked by anti-immigrant riots fueled by far right agitators. The violence began shortly after a knife attack that killed three children at a dance class when misinformation about the immigration status of the suspect spread on social media. Today's episode was reported by Jessica Chung and Stella Tan. It was produced by Jessica Chung, Stella Tan, and Rob Zko. It was edited by Lindsay Garrison and Rachel Quest with help from Ben Calhoun.


It was Fact-Check by Susan Lee contains original music by Pat McCusker, Mary and Lozano, Dan Powell, Diane Wall, Corey Repel, and Rowan y Misto, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim Broberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder Lee. That's it. The Daily. I am Michael Ro. See you tomorrow. Audible has the best selection of audiobooks.


Hands down, you'll always find the latest, best sellers along with binge-worthy podcasts and exclusive originals. No matter what you're into Steamy Romance, a-List, memoirs fantastic Sci-Fi, inspiring motivation and more. It's all there in the Audible app. There are also thousands of included titles with more added every week. So you've always got something new to try. There's more to imagine when you listen on Audible. Find out for yourself. Sign up for a free 30 day trial@audible.com slash The. Daily.