
Support for this podcast comes from Vin Grid. Tom Turnal runs an Ohio millwork company that was started by his father and employs his kids. I'm in favor of wind farms because I'm committed to attracting talent to our community and the school districts with wind turbines get resources that can make a huge difference in kids' lives. Since 2012, an VIN grid wind farm has strengthened the economy and contributes millions to the community each year. To learn more about where energy meets humanity, visit au grid.com. That's au grid.com.


From New York Times, I'm Michael Bobro. This is The Daily A very, very big hello to Wisconsin. Oh, it's good to be back in Michigan. On, the campaign trail. Donald Trump and Kamala Harris are constantly talking about trade tariffs and domestic manufacturing. Now People are moving their companies to other countries, and we're getting killed, by the way, by Mexico. We announced the opening of more than 20 new auto plants in the United States. We'll put a tariff of 200% on if we have to. We're not letting those cars come into the United States, and We will ensure that the next generation of breakthroughs are not only invented but built right here in America by American Union workers.


That's because In, many ways the United States is still reeling from a single trade deal that transformed the U US economy and remade both parties relationship to the working class today Times magazine writer Dan Kaufman with the story of how the North American Free Trade Agreement broke American politics. It's Tuesday, October 8th, Dan. It's a pretty rare thing when we can trace the origins of our politics back to something really concrete and specific.


Not, you know, a set of vast intangible forces, but a moment in time when a group of people got together and made a decision. And you contend that to understand our politics today, specifically to understand this presidential campaign. You can go back to one such decision made in the 1990s around US trade policy. So just explain that and justify it. Sure. Well, in 1993, Congress passed the North American Free Trade Agreement, nafta. It was signed into law by Bill Clinton. What it did was it opened up trade with Mexico and Canada, and I think it was one of the most pivotal political moments.


It signaled the outsourcing of good paying manufacturing jobs, particularly in the Rust Belt states, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio. But it also signaled something much more long term and transformative. And I think that is a political shift with the Democratic party moving away from its working class, new deal roots towards the professional class, towards the College educated, College educated and wealthier, including a lot of people on Wall Street and the Republican Party, which had traditionally been the party of big business, at least rhetorically embracing a working class politics.


Whether or not they fulfilled any of those promises is another question. But the rhetoric changed markedly. Hmm. In other words, NAFTA is a moment where our basic understandings and assumptions about how the two parties relate to this really huge and always symbolically significant segment of the population, the working class, the people who work in factories, people who make things, it changes and it kind of shatters. That's right. It realigned the parties. And I think those dynamics are still playing out today. So Dan, take us back to the time and the place and the debate that brought us nafta.


And I should say I vaguely remember it because I think it was pretty much the first big public policy debate that occurred in my young adulthood. CNN was kind of a mainstay in my childhood living room. And I can remember some of this, but very vaguely. So plunge us back into it. Sure. Well, the debate over NAFTA emerged at a kind of interesting, difficult moment in the 1970s. There was a period of high inflation and then high interest rates. And this eventually led to two recessions, right? That Is the context in which Ronald Reagan first floats in 1979, this idea of a North American free trade agreement.


And what Was his, what was the logic of it? He was really influenced by Milton Friedman, a libertarian economist. They believed that free trade was a win-win situation, that it would increase our exports, which would create all these jobs and take away government regulation. And they were deeply opposed to that. And Reagan actually managed to take a step towards nafta. He had made an agreement with Canada that allowed for goods to be exported without tariffs or duties and goods to be imported without tariffs or duties, Thus free trade. Thus it was called free trade. But the U, US and Canada had similarly developed economies. They paid about the same level in wages. The difference with NAFTA was now you were creating a similar agreement with Mexico, with a country that was quite impoverished, and the critics immediately feared that it was merely a pretext to allow corporations to exploit cheap labor.


In other words, they could avoid paying union wages by moving plants to Mexico. Mexican workers were paid far less than a unionized Canadian or American worker. So in this moment, there's really a philosophical debate occurring. Will this trade agreement help the US economy or will it hurt it? And the Republicans, from what you're saying, are coming down strongly on the side of this being good for the US economy and good for the United States in general. Yeah, that's right. And it was really George HW Bush who pursued NAFTA and actually negotiated the agreement with his counterparts, the prime minister of Canada and the president of Mexico.


However, it still needed to be ratified by Congress and then signed into law by the president. So NAFTA becomes the centerpiece of the 1992 presidential campaign. Good evening. And welcome to the second of three presidential debates between the major candidates for president of the United States, There were three candidates, George HW Bush, the Republican incumbent versus Democratic nominee, bill Clinton, and then a really interesting third party candidate named Ross Perot, who was a wealthy businessman. So President Bush, I think you said it earlier, let's get it on. Let's go.


George HW Bush took the position that the agreement should just be signed. The thing that saved us in this global economic slowdown has been our exports. And what I'm trying to do is increase our exports. It would lead to an export boom and a great flourishing of American jobs. And I want him more of these free trade agreements. Ross Perot was the most critical, the most important issue for him was opposition to nafta. And he articulated that position. If you're paying 12, $13, $14 an hour for factory workers and you can move your factory south the border, pay a dollar an hour for your labor, have no healthcare, have no environmental controls, no pollution controls, and no retirement, and you don't care about anything but making money, He issued one of the most memorable lines about nafta.


There Will be a jounce sucking sound going south. He said that there would be a giant sucking sound of American jobs if NAFTA was passed. I'd like to answer the question because I've actually been a governor for 12 years, so I've Known Bill Clinton did something very striking. He took a middle position. So I've known a lot of people who've lost their jobs because of jobs moving overseas. And I know a lot of people whose plants have been strengthened by increasing exports In which he supported the agreement. The Trick is to expand our export base and to expand trade on terms that are fair to us. But he wanted separate side agreements to protect environmental regulations and labor.


So more trade, but on fair terms and favor investment in America. Thank you. I think we have a question over here. So Bush, the Republican on the race, he's pretty much saying, do this deal, don't worry about it, it's gonna work out. Perot, the Independent is saying, don't do this deal. This is a terrible idea. It's gonna hurt American manufacturing, Clinton, the Democratic nominee. And as we know future president, he's trying to straddle those two. And I wanna linger on Clinton. Why do you think Clinton took that middle approach, given that the Democratic party had been the party of organized labor and had relied on manufacturing workers and their unions as such a core constituency in elections?


Right. Well, the Democrats had been out of power for 12 years by that point. There was a tremendous desire to reclaim the presidency. Bill Clinton was also part of what they called the new Democrats, which had emerged in the eighties. And it was trying to reorient the party to be more business friendly, corporate friendly, and remove its image as a party that was supportive of the activist government of the New deal, that it had become modernized and NAFTA was seen as the future organized labor was deeply opposed. Yeah. Throughout. And the reason he tried to find this middle position was to allay their fears and to thread this needle.


And for the purposes of this election, he did thread the needle. He won. However, it's also worth noting that Ross Perot won 19% of the vote that was the highest share since 1912 For a third party candidate. Right. And Bill Clinton is now the president of the United States, the first Democrat in 12 years, and he begins selling nafta. I have lived with the manufacturing changes of the last 15 years, and I would never knowingly do anything that would cost Americans jobs Mainly to the Democratic party. He needed a significant faction of them in order to pass it. So he pushed very, very hard. But I'm telling you, nothing I do as your president within the borders of the United States can create more jobs and higher incomes unless somebody buys the stuff we produce.


He thought more exports would help create more American jobs offsetting whatever loss of jobs we would have. I mean, this is a, the world is changing. So as cruel or tough as it is, we can't pretend that it's not gonna happen. You Could, you know, there was also an undercurrent of inevitability. Globalization was here whether we like it or not, and we had to tame it to our benefit. So I ask you to talk to your friends and neighbors, talk to the people who are worried about it. Tell 'em their fears are well founded, but they don't have anything to do with this agreement. This agreement will make it better. The other thing he does is he dispatches Al Gore, his vice president, Welcome to a special edition of Larry King Live.


And Gore winds up sitting across from Ross Perot on Larry King Live. This is a Huge, this, I remember this was an event, Huge national event, and they debate nafta. If when I'm in a room with corporate America, the first thing they say is, Perot, why don't you keep your mouth shut? You could. Perot is saying his corporate CEO Friends are telling him, please shut up. This is a great deal for us. Meanwhile, gore is relying heavily on this technocratic expertise. Every living former president of the United States in both parties, every former Secretary of State, every former Secretary of Treasury, every living Nobel Prize winner in economics, conservatives, liberals, everyone in between, they've never agreed on anything.


He is basically saying this is an empirical fact. There have been 23 studies of the impact of NAFTA on jobs in the United States. 22 of them have shown that it will cause an increase in jobs in the United States. The One, it's what the experts say is the best thing. He's saying, trust the smartest people in the country. Trust the smartest people. And that is also really interesting in terms of the Democratic Party realignment away from working class labor oriented party towards someone that is really concerned with technocratic advice. And there's another professional class constituency that's deeply in favor that is the media, including The New, York Times, our Editorial board, we should probably say our Editorial board.


A lot of the media we're now college educated folks and they were distant from these working class places, organized labor. The people that were fighting NAFTA were seen as yesterday's news. They were fighting a losing battle. NAFTA was the future. It was irreversible. There was a lot of triumphalism around this time. It feels like what you're describing is something of an echo chamber where these democratic leaders in the Clinton administration are talking about how every expert thinks this is the right thing to do. These journalists are hearing that and saying, well, it must be the right thing to do. And the overall message that you're there for hearing from the news media and the White House is kind of the same, which is this is the right thing to do.


Yes, it was an echo chamber, but you know, it was still a very unpopular idea among the American public. Polling at one point showed that two thirds of the American public or against it. Wow. At the same time, there remained one hugely consequential hurdle to the enactment of nafta. And that was the vote in the House of Representatives, A bill to implement the North American Free Trade Agreement. And I would say it was one of the most important debates as far as contemporary politics. The speaker for months, the people of America and its representatives have struggled with the challenge of nafta. Is it good or is it bad?


Will it help to expand our economy or shrink it today? The house must decide. And the critics were really heard loudly in the house debate, Corporate America and the big money interests have told us that NAFTA is a good deal. I don't believe them. People like Bernie Sanders, who was an independent at the time, spoke out passionately against it. Even The administration admits there will be at least 200,000 people who will lose their jobs and what are we giving to them? Table scraps. And a lot of Democrats came out and forced against it. Mr. Speaker, this debate comes down to one simple question.


Whose side are you on? One of the leading opponents of NAFTA was David Bonier, who was from Michigan and was the house whip. The working people who stand against this treaty don't have degrees from Harvard. They don't study economic models, but they know when the deck is stacked against them. They know it's not fair to ask American workers to compete against Mexican workers who earn a dollar an hour. He emphasized the resentment of a lot of working class people towards the elite experts that were telling them that they couldn't understand the possible benefits to them. But there were a lot of Democratic representatives that were more favorable to nafta.


Understandably, many members of this body and citizens of this country are concerned about job loss. I am too. I am supporting this agreement because job creation and exports go hand in hand. Madam Chairman, I rise in support today. And in all honesty, a decision of this kind has been a tough call for someone from my region of the country. The fact is that change is not something to fear. We are sending a message about whether the world's only superpower thinks its best days are in the past or in the future. NAFTA is neither heaven nor hell. It's neither nirvana nor the depths of depression. It just makes good sense for America's economic future.


I urge my colleagues to vote for it. And then there was the vote On this vote. The yays are 234. The nays are 200, and the bill is passed And it passes narrowly 234 to 200. This is a decisive moment for the Democratic Party. The vast majority of Republicans voted for nafta, but it was crucial that Democrats had supported it more than a hundred of them. Hmm. Bill Clinton's trade representative later said, George Bush could have never passed nafta. That it had to have been a Democrat. It had to have been Bill Clinton. He said no Republican president could have because he couldn't have brought enough Democrats.


The Senate soon passed the bill three days later and in early December, 1993, bill Clinton signs NAFTA into law. So Dan, once NAFTA goes from theoretical and the debate is over into a day-to-Day free trade reality across North America, what ends up happening? Well, GDP is increasing. The economy is booming on a lot of levels for a lot of people, but it also launches the free trade juggernaut. Several years later, bill Clinton is able to establish permanent normal trade relations with China. Meanwhile, in the United States, a lot of factories are moving overseas.


Between 1997 and 2020, more than 90,000 American plants closed. Wow. Some 5 million manufacturing jobs were lost. This translated into loss of union jobs and a tremendous rise in income inequality. Most of the benefits for NAFTA were going to wealthier people. So while it was a net gain for the country as a whole, it wasn't within the country. In other words, the people that don't have a college degree are hurt by trade deals with low wage countries. And you know, it's important to remember that more than 60% of the population does not have a college degree.


There was a British behavioral scientist that did a study of wellness and he found that the psychological toll of losing a job is equivalent to losing your spouse. Wow. So it's no wonder that people feel that their lives have been totally destroyed. And this pain is concentrated very heavily in a lot of the Rust Belt states, Michigan, Ohio, and my own home state of Wisconsin, where we start to see the human and political impacts from nafta.


We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest in trade on your own, plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


Ian, tell us what you have found through all your reporting in Wisconsin about the impacts of NAFTA on workers jobs and over time on the politics of that place. Sure. Wisconsin is one of the places where NAFTA's Dark Side has really become clear. Milwaukee, which is the state's biggest city and the industrial center of the state, it was once known as the machine shop of the world produced truck frames, agricultural machinery, motors, industrial controls. But you know, it's important to understand that de-industrialization was already happening before NAFTA passed. Between 1979 and 1983, Milwaukee had already lost a quarter of its manufacturing jobs.


And then you have nafta, which really accelerated this process. And one of the companies that I paid particular attention to is Master Lock. Everybody knows their iconic padlocks. And These are the locks literally you use on your high school locker. Right, Right, right. Dial those combination locks. Right. They've been making locks in Milwaukee since the 1920s. And the plant was a smaller industrial factory. At its peak, it employed about 1300 people. But everyone I spoke to loved working there. It was something that was deeply embedded in the city's sort of industrial consciousness. And after NAFTA passes they did what a lot of other companies were doing.


They built a plant in Mexico. In their case, this plant in Nogales was quickly taking jobs from the Milwaukee plant. Within a two or three year period, a thousand union positions were sent abroad. But the plant kept going and it kept employing people, although on much smaller scale than it used to. And one of the people that I spent time with recently is a very interesting worker named Chancy Adams. Chancy Man, What's up? How you doing? I'm doing good. And he helped me really understand the impact of NAFTA on him and on the wider community and really on American politics as a whole.


Just start at the beginning. What was it like growing up in Milwaukee when you were you? This was like in the eighties and nineties. It was hard, but it wasn't, if that makes sense, what I'm trying to say. Tell us about Chancy Adams. What should we know? Well, Chancy was born in 1980, grew up on the north side of Milwaukee. I come up in a single family home. So me and my brother and my sister and my mother, He was raised by a single mom. She was a cook at a Milwaukee museum. I mean she just a hard worker. She went to work and make sure we had everything we needed and we came up and never went hungry, never went without clothes, anything, you know. What about the neighborhood you grew up in? Just just describe what it was like when you were a kid.


It was great to me, you know it like I grew up on ninth and Burle, so it was a lot of bad things going on down there. It was a lot of drug dealing and stuff like that. But I don't have nothing bad to say about where I grew up in my childhood. It was good. When you were young, what did you do for fun in the neighborhood? He described a happy childhood, biking around with his friends. I done Rode past mass like a thousand thousand times over as a kid. You know, One of the places where they biked around were the plants on the north side of Milwaukee.


This was a city that's deeply entwined with its industrial history and Milwaukee is filled with these factories. Miller Master Lot Bridge and Stratton a o Smith. Them was the places where a lot of people from the south came. Like my family was Bridge Stratton and a o Smith. Them the plants, they got in. And these are places where chance's relatives worked Growing up you hear older people taught like them are the places where you want to be. And it was like solid, good wage And good wages. And like you can tell like when we as like kids, we'd be riding there and you see the cars out there, you see all nice cars, right.


Going to work, you know? So we knew that was money. So if you was like my age then and you figure, hey, I'm not going to college, but I'm going, I'm going to. These is one of the jobs that you was gonna try to get. Eventually a friend of his who had gotten a job at Master Lock calls him and says, you know, you should really apply here, let Me, let me try it out. And he actually got me in. So he applies for a job at Masterlock as a temp and gets one in 2010. Now Dan, you had said there isn't a ton of Masterlock left after nafta.


So by the time chance he gets a job there in 2010, how much of Master Locke is there for him to really join in Milwaukee, There's only a couple hundred union positions at that point. Chancey started out at a little more than $10 an hour. But Chancey talked so much about how immediately he took to it. You know, I see a lot of these older men and the things they accumulated in life working at this plant and the work they put in. And I'm like, you know, that's what I want right there For Chancy. And a lot of the workers, while the starting wage was low, there was a lot of room for advancement to skilled jobs that paid much, much more.


How much does Chancey and everyone else, among these several hundred workers who are still at Masterlock, how much do they worry that what's left of this company would eventually be outsourced under the incentives of nafta? I think some feared it, but many felt like they were secure. They had highly specialized jobs and there was another reason they felt this sense of security. Do you remember when President Obama came to the plant? Yeah, that was my first year there. First or first or second year In 2012, Barack Obama had paid a visit to Master Lock.


I'm Actually here today because this company has been making the most of a huge opportunity that exists right now to bring jobs and manufacturing back to the United States of America. I knew it wasn't going nowhere. He was there. He was there on the strip of how Master Lock supposed to been bringing jobs back. By then, master Lock had increased its Milwaukee workforce to a little more than 300. Some people told me it was because they'd had a few challenges manufacturing overseas. So there was a modest reshoring, but something that was trumpeted by the president of the United States. We're gonna Create more success stories like Master Lock and we will remind the world just why it is the United States is the greatest nation on earth.


Thank you everybody. God bless you, God bless you. Us. I just happened to be so close. So when he came off the stage, he was just shaking everybody hand and I was right there. So I shook his hand in everything. How did it make you feel? I'm the man. I mean, you gotta think about where I come from. Where I come from. I just shut the president hand because I ain't really know too much about politics and stuff like that. And I was in the union now and you know, I was learning a little bit at the time and, And for Chancy, this is a big moment. He had never been politically active, but he had started getting involved with the union and here he is meeting the president of the United States, right?


Who the union is heavily supporting. So I voted And he votes for the first time in his life for Barack Obama. He the man, they called me Obama at the plant because I was the first black guy to run the hydro mats at ot. And he starts moving up at the plant. He learns to operate a complex machine called a Hydroma and now he's making $20 an hour. He's working a lot sometimes seven days a week, making a lot of overtime. And he buys his first house. When I met the guy over here, I bought the house from he, he used to work at Master Lot and I got my keys and all of that and I sat on my stairs over here and I cried because like I'm sitting on these stairs right now.


I'm sitting on my sweat right now. I worked hard and I bought my first house and I bought it at 35 or something by myself. Eventually he's earning more than $30 an hour. And not only is his job at Masterlock, helping him grow a nest egg and support his family. He's got four kids. But it's a real source of pride for him. My mother was very, my sister and brother, they very proud of it. My brother worked now he said one of the things that gets him up in the morning, knowing that I'm up in the morning, I know little bro up. I know he going to work.


Let me get up. You know what I'm saying? It's a beautiful feeling to be the little brother and have everybody look up to your work ethic and seeing where you come from and seeing what you accumulated. I did become a man in that plant, but it made me realize I'm a good man. I feel good about myself. I feel good going to work every day and coming in and, and the younger guys looking at me, how I looked at the older guys when I was coming in young. They see me in my uniform, they see me, you know, with a nice haircut smelling good. They know that it is strictly sweat that's got me what I got.


So it makes you feel great. You know, I wasn't going anywhere. Tell me about May 24th last year. At the beginning of the day, it was a normal day. The supervisor, he came to us and said, we having a town hall. So we go upstairs, but the whole scenery was different. Like the chairs was turned a certain way. It was tables like barricaded and it was armed guards up there. So I'm like, whoa, what's going on?


And he announced it, I have some bad news, I'm here to inform y'all of March of 24, the plant will be closing and the whole room went silent. No explanation, no nothing. A couple people got up and walked out. Some lady started crying. Some men were just angry, some guys was. I knew it. I knew it. What were you feeling when you heard the news? I went numb and then I got a sense of being scared.


I put my whole life around this place. I don't know nothing else. You know, like what am I going to do? Like I got responsibilities here, what am I supposed to do now? I'm 43 years old. Starting starting all the way over. So 30 years after NAFTA passed, the Masterlock plant in Milwaukee is finally closing. That's right. It's the final chapter on the Milwaukee story of Masterlock. Some of these jobs will go to other places, but one union official told me that most of them will go to the company's plant in NALs, Mexico.


So what happens to Chancey? Well, Chancey is really in a kind of desperate state. He's scrambling. No one wanted to hire me. I'm talking About he applies for jobs, nothing is coming through. But then a coworker at Masterlock gets him a job at another factory, but he's making a lot less than when he used to at Masterlock. So I had to get another job. I was gonna lose my house. So he eventually picks up a second job, gotta Get there by 5:00 AM Now his days start very early Whenever I get done. So usually about nine o'clock, nine 30 And end very late And then have to come right home and try to eat something, drop in the bed and get up again at 3 45.


He hardly has any time for himself except a little bit on the weekends. So it's a constant moving, constant grind, constant no sitting down. And it's tiring, you know, mentally really. I came thinking back to the Democrats on the house floor who warned that this is what was gonna happen. And for a time in listening to you tell this story about Chancy, it feels that he's the exception, you know, he's not gonna be hurt by nafta, but it feels like one of the morals of this story is that NAFTA kind of comes for almost everyone when it comes to these plants in the upper Midwest.


Yeah, I think that's true. And there's so many ways that NAFTA has shifted the power balance. You know, we talked a lot about the closing of these plants, but it's also true that NAFTA gave companies enormous leverage, even just to threaten to close the plant and that they could extract steep concessions on unions and others to lower their wages. It's a real downward pressure on working class Americans. We talked about this a bit, I just wanna make sure. So you're not planning to vote this year? Nah, I'm done with that. It is pointless. I haven't benefited off of nothing that any president had ever done.


It always been taken from me. If you poor or or right in the middle of poor middle class, you gonna bust your ass man to get what you want. There's no help. That's why I have no respect for politics presidents and it changed me. Do you have any thoughts on Trump or Kamala Harris? Trump is a corrupt, but he gangster. I love that guy. He don't, the only good thing I can say about Trump, but he's a businessman.


He'll be successful that way. I think. Kamala Harriet, she's just a crook. Everybody keep getting on this black wave. Black wave. 'cause they're black. You should vote. No. I don't care what color you are, you suck. You suck. I definitely have no faith in her. If I was to vote and I had to choose between the two, I would vote for Trump. At the beginning of our conversation, you talked about this idea that NAFTA and its aftermath turned the Democrats from the party of the working class into the party of college educated elites, which helps me understand in a way I don't think I ever really did before.


Just how much of an opening Republicans had to remake themselves into the party that exploits that. And that obviously comes in the candidacy of Donald Trump. Exactly, exactly. Free trade is the mantra of both parties. It's what's coming out of Washington until the 2016 election. I'm gonna say something that conservatives don't like because while I'm a free trader, I'm a smart trader, I'm a fair trader, I know what I'm doing. I'm gonna Say Donald Trump emphasized an economic nationalist message And you are losing plants over here and you are losing a plant over there and Highlighting the job losses from NAFTA and other free trade deals over there.


Any direction I can point to you are losing jobs, you're losing your plans. We are not gonna let it happen anymore. So now you have an incredible shift in the Republican party. The party that created NAFTA in the first place is now opposed to it, at least rhetorically. And of course the democratic candidate he faces is none other than Hillary Clinton. And I have done, Your husband signed nafta, which was one of the worst things that ever happened to the, the manufacturing industry. That Is your opinion. And in the presidential debates, NAFTA becomes one of the most important issues. NAFTA is the worst trade deal, maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country.


And now Trump rails against it calls it the worst deal ever made. I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again. Well, He approved million new Jobs, but Clinton largely defends Just the single worst trade deal ever approved in this Country. Incomes went up for everybody. What was it do you think, in this debate and in this campaign that made Hillary Clinton and the Democrats so confident that NAFTA opposition to it was a losing strategy for Trump? Because clearly she could have mimicked his position, she could have said, you know, we've come a long way and and I think that NAFTA did have some real problems.


Well, I think she made a political calculation. It was really articulated very well by Senator Chuck Schumer in the summer of 2016 in the lead up to the election. He said, for every blue collar Democrat we lose in Western Pennsylvania, we will pick up two moderate Republicans in the suburbs of Philadelphia. And you can repeat that in Ohio and Illinois and Wisconsin. Can you just Translate that? What, what, what is he saying about NAFTA's impact on the politics of the parties? I Think he's signaling a class realignment of the party. They are going to focus their efforts on winning suburban voters who tend to be wealthier versus the blue collar workers that had traditionally supported the party since the new deal.


That's Kinda interesting. So what Democrats are saying explicitly, and this sounds like an on the record quote, is we recognize that we have now become a party whose appeal is to higher income, higher educated Americans, and we may be forsaking a certain kind of working class voter in Western Pennsylvania or Wisconsin. And we're okay with that because we think the math favors us. Exactly. Exactly right. And this kind of thinking was so embedded in Hillary Clinton's campaign that she didn't visit Wisconsin once during the general election. In the end, Trump wins the presidency very narrowly by flipping three of the so-called Blue Wall states, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin.


This is something no Republican had done in more than 30 years. And I don't think it's a surprise that these states were some of the hardest hit by NAFTA and similar free trade agreements. And Trump did renegotiate NAFTA in 2018 with the United States Mexico Canada agreement. It made modest improvements in conditions for Mexican workers to disincentivize the movement of jobs and factories to Mexico. But it doesn't seem as though that's worked. Last year, for example, Solanis, one of the big three moved some production to a plant in Mexico. And of course Masterlock has closed its Milwaukee factory.


But on paper and kind of symbolically to voters, Trump did fulfill a pledge to go after the original nafta. That is true, and that is what he's campaigning on. Like a lot of Trump's promises, they didn't really ever come through and he actually passed tax cuts that incentivized offshoring of jobs on the Democratic side. You had also a real realignment. President Biden and Vice President Harris increased the tariffs that Trump had established on certain Chinese products such as electric vehicles. Biden has also emphasized his closeness to labor unions in a way that previous Democrats for generations had not.


And he's really courted them and was the first president to walk on the picket line, which is very significant when you think back on the NAFTA debate. And Bill Clinton is pushing aside the concerns of organized labor. We Should point out that this is a somewhat meaningful thing for Biden to do because he was in the Senate when NAFTA passed. He voted for Nafta, he did vote for nafta, and he voted for the agreement establishing permanent normal trade relations with China. Right. Dan, it feels like Biden's journey here is emblematic of the journey of the entire Democratic party because what you have by the end of Biden's presidency is a situation where Democrats who brought NAFTA over the line and really gave us our current free trade era under Bill Clinton and then who watched Republicans exploit the fallout from it under Donald Trump.


Democrats now themselves have said, you know what? This all went too far. And Biden and the Democrats, I'm sure probably wouldn't put it this way, but their rhetoric now on free trade on things like NAFTA has moved a lot closer to Trump's. And I have to believe that's because they now recognize what NAFTA did to the working class. Yeah, I think that's true. And by the time we enter this campaign, both parties are critical of the free trade agreements of the past. Kamala Harris, one of her first events with Tim Walz was at a UAW Hall in Michigan, and she has really emphasized the importance of good paying jobs.


Whether it's too little or too late is an open question. You're talking about 50 years of deindustrialization and that was greatly accelerated and intensified by NAFTA and the free trade deals that followed it. If you could say anything to Trump or Kamala Harris about your life and your experiences with Masterlock growing up in Milwaukee, what would you tell them? What would you want them to know? One of the main things you people need to do is keep these jobs in the United States, man.


These are people, livelihoods. People get up and go to work every day, not even getting paid what they're worth to eat, and then they snatch it. They take it away with ease. And the people that's take it away is well off. They don't have to worry about these struggles. I think it tells a larger story of American working class disaffection that's rooted in a response to nafta. That response isn't always rational or linear. Sometimes it's unpredictable. Trump seized on that making wild promises that appealed to a lot of people in the desperate times.


The Democrats have started to shift away from that, focusing more on what I think is the most underappreciated issue in American politics. And it's so simple and almost banal, but it's really jobs and it's particularly well paying jobs and what that means to a person that doesn't have a college degree, that sense that they're okay and their family's okay, and who's the best person that's gonna help make those jobs and give them this opportunity.


Well, Dan, thank you very much. We Appreciate it. Thank you, Michael. It was really a pleasure talking with you. We will be right back


With Schwab investing themes. It's easy to invest in ideas you believe in, like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and seeing review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfclz.org.


Here's what else you need to Notre Dame. By Monday night, hurricane Milton has strengthened at an explosive pace becoming a lethal category five storm with winds of 180 miles per hour. It's Just an incredible, incredible, incredible hurricane. Milton is expected to make landfall on Wednesday. Its exact path is still taking shape, but forecasters predict it will bring life-threatening wind, rain, and flooding to coastal Florida where local meteorologist John Morales of NBC News was briefly overcome with emotion as he tried to capture the storm's scale.


It has dropped. It has dropped 50 millibars in 10 hours. I apologize, this is just horrific. The winds at maximal sustained winds are 106. Florida officials have ordered evacuations across at least 12 counties and have suspended tolls in order to keep traffic moving as quickly as possible. What would you say to people tonight who are saying, you know what? I'm gonna ride this out. I've written others out. What? What would you say to people who aren't heating those evacuation orders?


I can say without any dramatization whatsoever, if you choose to stay in one of those evacuation areas, you're gonna die. Wow. I mean, Today's episode was produced by Vedi Ricky Naski, Stella Tan, Claire Teter, and Olivia nad. It was edited by Lisa Chow and Larissa Anderson. FactCheck by Susan Lee contains original music by Mary and Lazano, pat McCusker, Alicia Bai YouTube, Dan Powell and Diane Wong, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley and Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Broberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder Lake. Special thanks to Nick Pittman and Maddie Macello. That's it for The Daily. I am Michael Bobro. See you tomorrow


With Schwab Investing themes. It's easy to invest in ideas you believe in, like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.