
This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it


From The New York Times. I am Michael Bobro. This is The Daily. Today as Donald Trump prepares to retake the White House, my colleagues, Jonathan Swan and Maggie Haberman take us inside the final days of his campaign and inside his early planning for a second administration.


It's Friday, November 8th. So Maggie and Jonathan, thank you for making time for us from sunny Palm Beach, Florida, where I know you are not basking in the sun, but covering the early hours of President elect Donald Trump, I appreciate you making time for us. Thanks for having us. Thank you for having us. And you are there because you were piecing together the final weeks and days of the Trump campaign and now are piecing together Trump's plan for a second administration.


And those are the two sides of the episode that we really want to cover with you today. So let's start, Jonathan, with what you have learned about that last stretch of the Trump campaign inside that operation leading up to its victory on Tuesday and how it may have differed from the way it looked from the outside. Well, it was sort of an interesting situation because as reporters who cover Trump, I've been covering him for nine years. Maggie's been covering him even longer than that. But we basically spent all day, every day talking to people in his orbit. And so it was this very interesting experience of watching a lot of coverage in the last week, which showed a sort of a vibe shift if you want.


Trump was out there doing these rallies where it was almost like this absurdist experiment to see how much self-harm he could inflict and get away with. Hmm. But there was also this other side to it, which was his campaign's internal data was very consistent. Tony Fabrizio, his chief pollster, his private polling throughout this campaign consistently showed that Donald Trump would win this election. And there was a real gap between a lot of the public polling and what Tony Fabrizio private polling was shown. And so it was this weird bifurcated situation where rationally they thought they were going to win because their internal data showed that. But there was this anxiety whirring inside them because you never know if your data's right.


Everyone's just making assumptions about modeling and turnout. And the candidate was out there doing and saying things that would sink any normal candidate. Well, Maggie, how great was the anxiety within the Trump campaign about the first half of what Jonathan just described, the kind of self-harming candidate on stage in contrast with the second part, the kind of confidence that they felt around their internal polling. He has been the, the purest version of himself publicly in the last few months of this race. And really the biggest moment of anxiety for the campaign came this past Sunday And a very, very special hello to Pennsylvania.


What a great, what a great place. When he held a morning rally in Pennsylvania. Terrible. And, And I tell you what, I love being off these stupid teleprompters because the truth comes out. It was a rambling, meandering, grouchy delivery that was filled with his complaints and his grievances. He said We had the safest border in the history of our country. The day that I left, I shouldn't have left. I mean honestly, 'cause we did. So we Did. So he stated that he shouldn't have left the White House in 2020 And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news.


And I don't mind that so much because, And also was musing about reporters being shot. So I have a piece at glass here, and the problem with that glass is it's, I don't look great on television when you have a four inch patient Glass that at the end of that rally, before he stopped talking, Susie Wiles, his top campaign advisor, was seen walking. And she never does this or never used to do this when, when he was campaigning was seen walking out to the stage and she stood with sunglasses on. There's a point having to do with that point and you go Then clearly just looking at him And it's a very complex Trying to get him to look toward her basically for the point of let's wrap it up at that.


He didn't wrap it up entirely, but he did get back on his teleprompter And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. God bless you. Thank you. The worry was that even though as it would ultimately turn out, Tony Fios data was incredibly on target. It was really, really close to, on the number in, in every single battleground state. It's hard to predict what can influence voters' behavior in the final two days in the lead up to election day. And we know of course that none of it hurt him. His instinct was right that the internal polling was not going to be taken off track by a wild version of Trump.


So now I want you to bring us to the end of this journey to election night itself and what it was like inside his Palm Beach headquarters up until the moment, I guess when he realized that he had won. So has Trump spent election night at Mar-a-Lago and election days tend to have lots of unverified anecdotal stuff coming out of different precincts and what have you. And in the afternoon there were reports coming from lots of different sources that democratic turnout was through the roof in Philadelphia and Detroit. So the Trump people were trying to figure out how real was that they were getting concerned. And clearly that filtered back to Donald Trump because he started posting on truth social about hearing about massive fraud in Philadelphia and Detroit.


Hmm. But a lot of that anxiety had melted away by about nine o'clock when the returns were coming in. And it was clear that Kamala Harris was just not getting the kind of numbers that she needed in suburban areas in states like Texas and Virginia and the Trump team were assuming correctly that her underperformance in those other states was probably going to transfer to the blue wall states of Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. So I would say by about 9, 9 30 the Trump campaign was feeling very, very confident of victory. And Maggie, what stands out to you about your communications with people in the Trump campaign around this time and your understanding of how Trump is processing what I suppose becomes a growing consensus of those around him that he's gonna prevail?


So during this period of time, Trump at Mar-a-Lago is joined by people like Elon Musk, a number of his advisors. His family is there, the mood starts to get very jubilant. It is clear to his team that he is almost certain to win, although that would not become clear to the public for a little bit. But the network still had not called the race. Right. Always a source of serious tension within Trump world and for Trump himself, At least in the last two elections. Yes. And so eventually some of his aides started pressuring the network to call It, oh wait, we gotta jump back. Sense. Sorry guys. Back To you. Trace. Thank you. And they did eventually call it The Fox News Decision Desk can now officially project that Donald Trump will become the 47th president of the United States.


You know, one thing that was interesting being in the convention center was the big screens were playing Fox. And I just wanna say this as we wait for him to come out, I remember having a conversation with Ivanka Trump in 2016 about his remarks. And As so often happens with Fox, you see some of the hosts almost coaching Trump through the TV And said he wanted to heal the nation. And the first words he said, were an appreciation for Hillary Clinton for her service to our country. And then he said, now it's So. you had Kaylee Mcny, his former press secretary, basically saying how this was a wonderful opportunity for Donald Trump to be a unifier. Thank you very much. Wow.


So the big question on people's minds, what's Trump gonna say? Is he going to be a unified? And I will govern by a simple motto, promises made, promises kept, we're gonna keep our promises. There were little notes of that. But you know, You know I've said, go into the enemy camp and you know the enemy camp is certain networks and He called the media the enemy and sort of went off on digressions talking about Elon Musk's rockets. And I saw that rocket and I saw it coming down. I saw it, it was when it left, it was beautiful, shiny white when it came down. He Basically just went into rally mode. God bless you, and God bless America.


Thank you very much. Thank you. And he has won. That's basically the vibe in the Trump orbit is we have defeated you. We have defeated the media, we have defeated the legal system, and there is a confidence and a swagger and a, we can basically do what we want, vibe right now. That's what you feel when you talk to them. And there's always been an element of that in Trump's world. But I would say it's even more acute now than I've ever seen it. To That point, the world's reaction to Trump's victory, at least the elite world of corporate leaders and heads of state, really seemed to bolster that feeling of not just victory, but in the words of these people who reacted to it like extraordinary victory.


And I think it's worth spending a little bit of time, time with some of the congratulatory messages that Trump got. Yeah. One of the most notable was from Bibi Netanyahu. Israel's prime minister put out this post on X, formerly known as Twitter gushing about how this is one of history's greatest comebacks. Right. And it was a picture of himself with Trump that was one of many along those lines. Right. And that language, Maggie, doesn't seem like a normal head of state vocabulary selection. I mean, when a foreign head of state tells you that you have pulled off, and I'm looking at it now, quote, history's greatest comeback. Right. And the next sentence involves the phrase historic return.


And as if that were not enough, huge victory later on in the same tweet that seems literally tailor made to light certain parts of Donald Trump's brain up. Yeah. Look it, it's certainly true that it was a historic comeback. Yeah, it is. It is true that we haven't seen anything like this in US history, given what Trump comes into the office with, which is a criminal conviction and all sorts of other controversies in how he left office last time. But you are correct that every world leader got the memo in Trump's first term. And they clearly now know, now know, heading into this one, what he likes to hear. And they understand that in order to get favor with him, the conversation has to begin with that.


Right. The result though, Jonathan, and this just was genuinely fascinating, was a universe of these congratulatory notes that literally seemed like they had been written by the same consultant who had figured out what words should be used across the board, whether it was Valdimir Zelensky or Jeff Bezos. I'm not sure you need a consultant. This is not, we're not talking about, you know, we're not talking about a great deal of psychological complexity here. These are sort of like Mr. Trump, you are amazing. Your victory is so big. The biggest, the greatest, the most historic.


I mean, it's almost like the letters he used to receive from Kim Jong-Un. Yeah. Since the election, we've heard from several people that Trump is essentially his happiest version of himself. He is relaxed. Hmm. These criminal cases against him are about to evaporate in one way or another. And we'll Talk about that more in just a moment. He knows that he had a decisive victory. He's wandering around Mar-a-Lago in a great mood, fielding calls from people, basically like a conquering victor, but very soon will come the part that he likes far less than winning, which is actually governing.


We will be right back.


Support for this podcast comes from Vin Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents' Ohio Farm. An Avangrid wind farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money. And I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@avgrid.com.


Amgen, a leading biotechnology company needed a global financial company to facilitate funding and acquisition to broaden Amgen's therapeutic reach, expand its pipeline, and accelerate bringing new and innovative medicines to patients in need. Globally. They found that partner in Citi, whose seamlessly connected banking markets and services businesses can advise finance and close deals around the world. Learn more at citi.com/client stories.


Okay. So Maggie and Jonathan, let's turn now to how Trump is thinking about a second term administration and this much harder business of governing. Of course, before you can govern, you have to transition, which is a pretty formal process. You have to staff an entire administration. How is he thinking about that? From a very 30,000 foot view, Michael? I mean, there are very few cabinet roles that he cares about. Attorney General is the main one. The Secretary of Defense is another, and the CIA director is another. Beyond that, he had almost no use for his cabinet in his last term.


That's not gonna change dramatically this time. And there have been a bunch of discussions about names, but he has not wanted to personally engage in them until post-election. Why not? He is superstitious and he was like this in 2016 as well. He did not wanna talk about transition. It's the same reason all three campaigns ended in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He is all about a rabbit's foot essentially. And in his mind, talking about planning a government before you've won is bad luck. He also gets angry Yes. When people bring it up. Because in his mind, money being spent on this time being spent on this is money and time that's not spent on him winning. So there is this sort of unwritten, unspoken edict in his orbit, which is we're gonna do transition preparations, but don't bring it up with the big guy too much.


You know, we keep him a little bit AP apprised of it, but you know, basically don't talk about it in his presence. So there has been a transition operation going on. Howard Lutnick, who runs Cantor Fitzgerald, he's a, a friend of Trump's has been running the personnel side of the transition. Linda McMahon, who served in Trump's administration, wealthy donor friend of Trump's, she's been a co-chair, sort of nominally at least overseeing the policy side of the transition. There has been work going on, there are lists being developed, but no one has spent less time thinking about policy detail and really deep thought about personnel than Donald Trump.


Well, Jonathan, to Maggie's point, if just a few of these cabinet rules really matter to Trump, and we can assume that those around him, like you just said, are thinking about who might staff those jobs. I wonder if you and Maggie, you as well might be prepared to talk about some of the names of the people being considered for these really crucial jobs. If they get them, they will become household names over the next four years. Well, one person who's really important I think will be really important is John Ratcliffe. He served at the end of Trump's first term as his director of national intelligence. Everyone in Trump's orbit, pretty much at the senior level agrees that he will play a significant role in the second term.


What that role is, I don't know, there are people who want him to be attorney general. He may head up an intelligence agency And what should we know about Radcliffe other than what I know, which is very little, he was a Republican congressman from Texas. If he's being considered for these huge jobs, there Are different variations of people in Trump world and there are people who are willing to go further than others. So when people talk about the final days of the first Trump term, you had him wanting to appoint Jeff Clark as Attorney General. Jeff Clark was eager to overturn the election. Right. Helping Trump. John Radcliffe wasn't really involved in that and is at least seen, and I wanna be clear, I'm talking in relative terms.


He's definitely someone who is loyal to Trump, who Trump likes, you know, who will do things that Trump wants and absolutely on board with his agenda. But he's not viewed in the same category as someone who would potentially do more, let's say more legally adventurous things. Remember Jeff Clark got indicted for his efforts. John Ratcliffe was not indicted. So there are different degrees and there are people like Cash Patel who served in his first term and Trump wanted to make him the deputy CIA director at the end. Right? He's someone who is regarded in Trump world as someone where if Trump tells him to do something, there's really not viewed as being much pushback ever.


And then there are others who are more conventional. If you look at some of the economic positions, Trump likes having Wall Street billionaires, rich people in these jobs. He likes credential. So I think there's gonna be a lot of tensions between hardcore ideologues people who want to, you know, enable some of Trump's most radical impulses and then the sort of business crowd who he's attracted to. And I think you're gonna see these really interesting collisions in the next two months between these different camps. How do we expect some of the tensions that you are beginning to describe between a populist nativist right wing America, first ideology, and some of the people who may end up being in the administration, particularly from the business world who might say, wait a minute, how do you expect those tensions to play out on the policy front?


I mean, I think of an issue like immigration and Trump's promise. We talked to both of you about this to begin mass deportations as a pretty classic example of something that might bring those tensions to life. We've talked a lot about this, Jonathan and I have. We were talking about this actually earlier today, that you know, there is going to be a push pull between the Maximalist agenda that someone like Stephen Miller, his top policy advisor and speech writer has pushed for a very long time. And that Trump has echoed on the campaign trail for years now with Trump's antipathy for what he would call bad headlines. Hmm. And with business leaders being unhappy and with the potential ramifications in the stock market, which he considers his poll, Does he fear, Maggie, that if you start deporting enough immigrants that suddenly the corporate world takes note, says things and the stock market starts to plunge because a lot of corporations rely on that labor.


Yeah. I'm not describing strict causation here, but I am saying that there are policies that corporate America favors on immigration such as a specific type of work visa for people to come work at their companies. Right. A a and you don't even need to get too speculative about this. Like we saw this play out in his first term to ma to Maggie's point, you had people like Tim Cook, the CEO EO of Apple in his ear talking about legal immigration. So he, he kind of veered from the most hard line positions to less hard line. It's very hard to predict. What Trump has said on the campaign trail is he's going to do the biggest deportation operation in American history.


This is a military sized scale of operation, building large camps, detaining people. The amount of like coercive force required from the state to pull this off is enormous. That is going to guarantee really tough media coverage. Yeah. Really heart wrenching images of families who've lived here a long time being pulled apart. So there's gonna be this competing impulse of, I promised this, I said I was going to do it. We want do shock and awe on immigration, ergo we do it versus people who will tell him about the economic effects of some of this, what it might do to the markets, et cetera.


And Trump, there's something he obsesses over privately. He's said this a million times to people, which is he doesn't want to be Herbert Hoover. He always talks, he's got Herbert Hoover in his head. Should we just establish for everybody who wants to think they know who Herbert Hoover is, but maybe forgot president of the United States during the period where the great depression begins. Right. One thing Michael, too, that's a a an unknown to the points that Jonathan was making about why we can't tell which competing impulse wins out at the end of the day with him on certain policies or personnel, he's not running for reelection. He is constitutionally barred from seeking another term. Does that free him to revert to the person who claim to wanna make peace or does that free him to finish this, you know, pro revenge agenda that he's been talking about for several years now and we will find out in short order or both or but Right.


Or Like That's Right, you guys are, but you're teeing up what I'd hoped would be our next subject when it comes to policy, which is retribution. We've talked to both of you and our colleague Charlie Savage a lot about this in episodes we did preparing our listeners for what a second trend term would look like. And we returned again and again to Trump's plans to use the Department of Justice to investigate, perhaps even prosecute his enemies, including democratic members of, of Congress, Hillary Clinton, James Comey, the list goes on and on. How quickly, depending on who is in various positions of his administration, do you suspect that a campaign of retribution might begin after this administration begins?


Michael, he's already beginning to try to go after legally news organizations. Really? He, yeah. They're suing CBS for, I think it's $10 billion. They already have a suit against a, b, c news that started many months ago. So that will be one tactic. I think you're going to see various aspects of attempts at retribution, certainly against the media in, in the coming weeks. And part of what they've talked about this campaign is removing pockets of independence from the executive branch. And that includes agencies that regulate the news media. So what does that mean? We'll find out, but it, it it, it's not exactly a mystery.


He has been threatening the licenses of networks for months and months and months and months and months. There's also other tactics which are not necessarily using the government, but you know, you could expect investigations, leak investigations DOJ. Yep. Subpoenaing reporters phones as they did last time. That's why the attorney general appointment is so important because the way he uses DOJ will at least in part be shaped by who occupies that position. Does he appoint as he promised a special prosecutor to go after Joe Biden's family? I don't know. He said he'd do it. Promises made, promises kept. All of those things are possibilities that not only like are foreseeable but are foreseen where we have reported all this stuff extensively for the last two years.


Maggie, It feels worth noting since we're talking about the appointment of someone like the Attorney General, that the United States Senate has a role in confirming such positions and that Republicans just won control of the US Senate from Democrats. And I suspect by the end may have a healthy enough margin of around 54 Republicans in the Senate that most of these appointments would sail through. Do you suspect that there's anyone that Trump administration would put up for Senate confirmation that this Senate wouldn't confirm? There are Michael and it's going to depend on how wide their margin is. Right. If they end up with 53 seats, that's still gonna make it hard to get through some of the most controversial potential choices like Cash Patel.


The reason for that is that there are a couple of senators still Republican senators or senators who vote with the Republicans who would object to somebody who's incredibly controversial who wouldn't just rubber stamp it necessarily anyway. So somebody like Susan, right, and it Susan Collin of them Correct. Or Lisa Murkowski or the incoming senator from Utah. People like that could end up deciding, actually this is a bridge too far. I'm going to object. They tend not to be fully aligned with Trump. However, the likelihood is that he will still just put those people in the White House in unconfirmed jobs and advisor roles. To Maggie's point, you know, I was talking to someone who's close to Trump and they were sort of speculating to me that the White House becomes the home for the unconformable.


So if you have been indicted one too many times and whatever the White House might be the place for you and one story that didn't actually get a lot of attention, I think it's one of the most important stories that Maggie, me and Charlie Savage wrote this whole cycle. I read it, I'm glad you read it. Basically people close to Trump, chiefly his top legal advisor, Boris Epstein, effectively wanna do away with the security clearance process or, or at least the FBI's involvement in it. So when you need to get a top level security clearance, there is FBI background checks and the national security intelligence apparatus is involved. Well in Trump's world, that is the evil deep state.


So there was a memo written that we reported on that Boris EP Epstein advocated for that suggested moving that process outside of government and effectively having private investigators doing it at the behest of the Trump people. Trump could on his first day issue an executive order with a list of names, 200 people. These people hereby have security clearances and this could have real national security implications if they follow through on this. If you are somebody who is a, an agent of a foreign power and you want to have access to the most sensitive secrets in the US government being vetted by some two bit outside firm instead of the FBI is a good way to slip through the net.


So again, we didn't report that that decision has been made, but it's being discussed and if they do follow through on it and could allow people who are not just controversial, but actually may have real malicious intent into the top levels of government. That's Right. Maggie, while we are on the subject of those with problematic paths, I think a lot of our listeners are gonna be extremely curious about what exactly happens to all of the federal and local cases against Donald Trump. In the first half of our conversation here today, you began to hint at the idea that Trump sees his reelection as a victory over those cases, but just technically, mechanically, how does the president start to dispatch with these cases and when do we start to see them go away?


Do they start to go away even before he's president as a kind of anticipatory issue? Or does his attorney general if and when confirmed start to just systematically destroy them? A year and a half ago, Donald Trump, after his myriad indictments was telling people that if he won these cases are all gonna go away. Right. And what we know now is that Jack Smith, the special counsel who indicted him twice, has started having conversations about how to unwind these cases because there is an office of legal counsel memo from the Justice Department that a sitting president cannot be prosecuted.


Right. And so while he was indicted before this, this still raises all of these complications. So whether it is Jack Smith withdrawing the indictments or whether it's the ultimate attorney general doing it, we don't know. But those cases are not going to continue. Almost certainly there is the New York case, which he's been convicted in, and there's going to be a ruling next week about whether the Supreme Court's decision granting broad immunity to presidential acts actually counted in that case. He's currently scheduled to be sentenced criminally. In that case on November 26th, I think the chances that a newly elected president is going to be sentenced to prison or close to zero.


Hmm. So we'll see what that looks like. In other words, a local judge not under any strict federal legal guidance about prosecuting a sitting president, that would just apply. It seems to federal cases might out of deference to that kind of a legal guidance. Just say, I can't do this. Yes. It's really hard to see that case resulting in much at this point, and that will hold true for the prosecution in Georgia as well where Trump has been indicted. I Mean, Jonathan, in a way, the fate of those cases that Maggie just outlined is a reminder as if we needed another. It's become very clear in this conversation of just how sweeping a victory this second term election of Trump really is.


I mean, we've talked about how with Nate Cohen, this is a political realignment. We talked with Peter Baker for yesterday's episode about how this may end up becoming a policy realignment on all kinds of issues, trade immigration, but in the way that you two are describing what's happening, especially with these legal cases, among other things, it's also a profound personal vindication of the man himself. I mean, just, just absorbing what you are saying, Maggie, he will have wiped out any legal repercussions for behavior that in the eyes of very well respected prosecutors, both locally and federally were criminal.


He has all but defeated any form of accountability. Yes, Correct. What is the form of accountability? Now? The Supreme Court has ruled that a president is immune for official acts, which may have a very broad meaning. There's no universe in which this composition of Congress impeaches Donald Trump for anything. Congressional oversight. Particularly if Republicans take the house, there will be no over really very little oversight. Yep. The news media in the eyes of many Americans is discredited. More than half the country have tuned out the mainstream media.


We are now in little information silos, so it's almost impossible to overstate how much Donald Trump has defeated the system and how favorable the current composition of the system is for Donald Trump. Well, to both of you, we are extremely grateful for your time when you're this exhausted after the election. So thank you very much. Thank you, Michael. Thanks Havingness. On Thursday afternoon after we spoke with Maggie and Jonathan Trump named the first member of his administration appointing Susie Wiles as his White House chief of Staff Wiles.


A longtime Republican operative oversaw Trump's 2024 campaign and would become the first woman to ever hold the title of White House chief of Staff. We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfcdz.org.


Everyday thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home. Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.


Here's what else you need to Not day. Yesterday I spoke with President-elect Trump congratulate him on his victory and I assured him that I'd direct my entire administration to work with his team to ensure a peaceful and orderly transition. That's what the American people deserve. On Thursday, president Biden addressed the outcome of an election in which his former opponent prevailed and his vice president was defeated. I know for some people it's a time for victory to state the obvious. For others, it's a time of loss. Biden eager to move beyond the divisions of the campaign issued a national call for both unity and civility.


You can't love your country only when you win. You can't love your neighbor. Only when you agree. Something to hope we can do no matter who you voted for is see each other not as adversaries, but as fellow Americans bring down the temperature. Remember, you can catch a new episode of the interview right here tomorrow. This week Lulu speaks with former house speaker Nancy Pelosi about the outcome of the election and what's next for Democrats.


The only shall we say peace of mind that we have today is that we don't have the assault on the system that it would've been there had Kamala Harris won. Today's episode was produced by Mary Wilson, Alex Stern and Rob Zko. It was edited by Michael Benoit and Rachel Quester contains original music by Dan Powell, Marian Lazano and Sophia Landman, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Ben Landsberg of wonderfully.


That's it for The Daily. I'm Michael Bobro. See you on Monday.