The New York Times (1s):
Hey, it's Michael Before. we get started. I want to tell you about another show made by The New York Times that pairs perfectly with The Daily. It's called the Headlines. It's a show hosted by My colleague Tracy Mumford. That quickly catches you up on the day top stories and features, insights from the Times reporters who are covering them all in about 10 minutes or less. So, if you like The Daily. And if you're listening, I have to assume you do. I hope that means you're gonna like the headlines as well. You can now find the headlines wherever you get your podcasts. So, find it. subscribe to it, and thank you.

0 (38s):
And now here's today's Daily from The New York Times. I'm m Bobro. This is The Daily For. much of the past year, Donald Trump and those around him were convinced that victory in the presidential race was all but certain. Now everything has changed Today. My colleague Jonathan Swan on Trump's rude awakening and his struggle to adjust it is Monday, August 12th.

0 (1m 25s):
Jonathan, welcome back.

2 (1m 26s):
Thanks for having me back.

0 (1m 28s):
So the last time we spoke was at the Republican National Convention last night, The, New, York Times Bureau. There was literally being deconstructed during our interview. And to say that a lot has changed for Donald Trump since that moment feels like an understatement of the highest possible order.

2 (1m 47s):
When you talk to Trump's aids, the convention in Milwaukee seems like a distant, foggy memory, almost like it never happened. Like I think back to that first night at the convention when Trump, remember he'd just been shot, right? Two days before. President

3 (2m 8s):
Trump, please

4 (2m 8s):
Welcome the next president of the United States. Donald,

1 (2m 14s):
J Trump.

2 (2m 16s):
And he comes into that arena first night, and he's got the big white bandage on his ear, and he's a living martyr.

3 (2m 27s):
He's here tonight to show his courage, his defiance against somebody who tried to kill him. Kill. You'll not take this man down. He has the courage, the strength.

2 (2m 40s):
And I just remember that whole week there was a giddiness and a overconfidence that was just pulsating through the place. Like remember, Biden was still the candidate, and there was just a certainty. I don't think I even spoke to a single Republican there who really gave Biden any chance of winning the election.

5 (3m 5s):
Trump is gonna win. If the election was today, he was gonna win. If the election was tomorrow, two months from now, he's going to win and he's gonna win in November. He's going win.

2 (3m 15s):
The only question, the only suspense, the only mystery was how big is Donald Trump's victory going to be? And then overnight when Biden drops out, Donald Trump's in a whole new race, the race that him and his team had prepared for, built their whole operation around, you know, spent a year and a half thinking about planning for, spent tens of millions of dollars on all of that is gone.

0 (3m 47s):
Right? And that's really what we wanna talk to you about. Trump's behavior, how he has campaigned since everything changed, and what that tells us about how he is adjusting or not adjusting to the realities of this new race.

2 (4m 3s):
The sense I've gotten from talking to a lot of Trump's advisors and allies is that he was genuinely blindsided by this. Hmm. And I mean, he has been in a foul mood for much of the last three weeks. He has been complaining about the unfairness of what has happened to him. Unfair.

0 (4m 26s):
How? Well,

2 (4m 28s):
I'll give you an example. So he has been telling people that Democrats are trying to quote unquote, steal the election from him. And he's comparing it to 2020 and Covid. Wow. What he's saying is he's saying, you know how they changed the voting rules, you know, all these different state legislatures, you know, in the middle of Covid, which is his whole part of his false claim about the election being stolen. Well, here he is saying, we had this race won, and then they pulled this bait and switch and they replaced the candidate. So

0 (4m 59s):
In his mind, Harris replacing Biden, which of course Democrats thought was overdue and necessary, is a kind of pre stealing of the election.

2 (5m 8s):
Exactly. And it's bewildering for Trump because the race that he thought he had no longer exists. Hmm. He's facing someone who's 20 years younger who doesn't have trouble completing sentences, who actually has energized Democrats, who's drawing big crowds, who's moving up in the polls. And all of these factors are making him extremely frustrated, less than a hundred days out from the election. And you can see this projection in his public statements and truth, social comments, he's been like, look like a sort of this exercise in wishful thinking on truth social, where he's saying, I'm hearing Biden's really angry and wants to get, you know, regrets dropping out.

2 (5m 55s):
And maybe he gets back in, you know, and it's sort of like,

0 (5m 57s):
That's actually the way Trump feels.

2 (5m 59s):
I know, I know that's what you want, but that, that's not really what's happening. And so you're seeing this sort of Trump kind of publicly emoting for poor Joe Biden and how mistreated he was, but really it's just a projection. It's the race Trump wants again. Right. And he can't have it. And he's still sort of pining for that race that no longer exists.

0 (6m 21s):
Okay. So those are the inward pains and frustrations that you have been picking up on in your reporting. Let's talk about how they are manifesting out in public on the campaign trail.

2 (6m 33s):
Well, coming out of the convention, Trump was constricted partly by design. The Secret Service were grappling with this, this huge mistake of allowing him to be almost assassinated. Right? So there's this really big increase in his security. You know, they don't want him doing events outdoors, which he loves doing. He feeds off these open air events. Even his golfing is constricted. So he's feeling cooped up. But there's also just this, I dunno what the right word is. I I, I guess sort of cement footed aspect to his campaign at this point. Suddenly he's not out there doing much.

2 (7m 14s):
He's not dominating media. And the person who has seized command of the moment, who is on every television screen, who is the fresh thing that everyone is paying attention to and talking about

0 (7m 29s):
Is not him. Yeah.

2 (7m 31s):
Is his new opponent, Kamala Harris? Right? So we're sort of waiting to see what is the Trump plan to take on Harris. You know, you can see him fumbling around for a nickname for her. You know, he, he sort of cycles through. First he calls her laughing Kamala to try and make fun of her laugh. And then according to his advisors, he decides that's, that one doesn't work. So then he goes back to crooked, you know, he used that for Hillary Clinton, he used that for Joe Biden. Right. Then he decides he doesn't really like that. Then he tries out crazy. And then he has this event, which could have actually been a real opportunity for him, which was he decides to go to Chicago on stage for the National Association of Black Journalists Conference.

2 (8m 16s):
Right. And as we know, Trump has been trying to eat into Democrats, African-American support. So this could have been a moment, potentially for him to potentially reset and, and take control of the race again.

0 (8m 30s):
And it felt especially bold because he was going to speak to a largely black audience of journalists at precisely the moment that the Democratic Party had decided a black woman would be the party's nominee. So there seemed to be kind of a strategic wisdom to it.

2 (8m 44s):
Yes. That's what it looked like. Anyway. But then Trump opened his mouth.

6 (8m 49s):
Some of your own supporters that have labeled Vice President, Kamala Harris as a DEI hire, is that acceptable language to you? And

2 (8m 58s):
Will you tell Trump gets asked a very sharp question by the A, b, C reporter, Rachel Scott,

7 (9m 4s):
How do you define

6 (9m 4s):
Diversity, equity, inclusion?

7 (9m 6s):
Okay. Yeah, go ahead. Is that what your definition that

6 (9m 8s):
Is? That that is,

7 (9m 9s):
Gimme a definition then would you give a definition?

2 (9m 12s):
And Trump takes great offense at the question. So he starts off on this very angry and aggressive footing.

6 (9m 18s):
Sir, do you believe that Vice President Kamala Harris is only on the ticket because she's a black woman.

2 (9m 23s):
And then he decides to question whether the first black woman, vice president is actually black.

7 (9m 33s):
She was always of Indian heritage, and she was only promoting Indian heritage. I didn't know she was black until a number of years ago when she happened to turn black. And now she wants to be known as black. So I don't know. Is she Indian or is she black? She is always,

2 (9m 47s):
She says absurdly that she only recently decided to embrace her black identity for political purposes. When, of course her father is Jamaican American. She went to a historically black college. I mean, it's, it's not even really worth engaging with it so outlandish. But he basically programs the Chirons on every broadcast news program around the country. You know, that is the story that comes out of this, is Donald Trump questioning Kamala Harris' race. It's not, you know, his team is desperate to focus on policy attacks. You know, her being this dangerously liberal candidate. But what's the story that comes out of it?

2 (10m 28s):
It's Donald Trump questioning her race. Right? So

0 (10m 31s):
Even Republicans end up wincing at this thinking like, of all the things you could do, why do this? Which makes you sound racist? And also just with somebody not having their eye on the ball.

2 (10m 42s):
Yeah. And then he goes off to Georgia for a rally. So just think about this for a second. So Georgia is a state with roughly 30% of the voting electorate is black. Okay? Right. It's a state that Trump needs to win. Their clearest path to victory involves Georgia So. you need to appeal to black voters. What have you done? You've just questioned whether ka Harris is actually black. Then you go to Georgia, you go to the rally, and Trump decides to bring up again this old feud that he has with Georgia's governor, Brian Kemp,

7 (11m 16s):
Your governor, Kemp and Raff are doing everything possible to make 2024 difficult for Republicans to win.

2 (11m 24s):
Brian Kemp is very popular, right? Much more popular than Trump is in Georgia. And Trump attacks Kemp and his wife.

7 (11m 31s):
But think of the wife, she said two weeks ago, I will not endorse him because he hasn't earned my, I haven't earned her endorsement. I have nothing to do with her.

2 (11m 43s):
So like, if you were trying to figure out how do I give myself the best chance of losing Georgia, you might question the race of Kamala Harris attack the popular Republican governor. Oh, and then, by the way, just to a little bit of a cherry on top to alienate a few more suburban women, attack his wife as well. So when, when I talked to Trump allies and advisors, many of them view the last three weeks as Trump's worst sustained performance in a very long time.

0 (12m 15s):
And of course, this is not just any moment in which to have Trump's spiral. This is the moment that he most needs to figure out what he's up to. Because the Democrats have made this extraordinary candidate switch that very much seems to be working while he's just kind of fumbling around and as you're saying, basically shooting himself in both feet.

2 (12m 35s):
That that's right. And, and Trump takes another shot at the recess.

7 (12m 40s):
Well, thank you very much. Appreciate your being here.

2 (12m 43s):
He has a press conference at Mar-a-Lago. Major news outlets are there because his team is doing briefings with reporters. I was there, and the press conference goes on for about an hour. And this is not mission accomplished, to say the least,

7 (12m 60s):
The biggest crowd I've ever spoken. I've spoken to the biggest crowds, nobody

2 (13m 3s):
Boasts about his crowd size on January 6th.

7 (13m 6s):
If you look at Martin Luther King, when he did his speech, his great speech, and you look at ours, same real estate, same everything, same number of people. If not, we had more

2 (13m 19s):
Claims falsely that it was bigger than Martin Luther King's crowd when he gave his famous I Have a Dream Speech. Wow.

7 (13m 27s):
So I think the abortion issue is written very much tempered down. And I've answered, I think, very well in the debate. And it seems to be much less of an issue, especially

2 (13m 36s):
For those he e equivocated and seemed to be sort of frankly, confused when asked about abortion policy.

7 (13m 44s):
Like Ronald Reagan. I believe in the exceptions for rape, incest, and life of the mother. I believe, you know, I believe strongly. I think that that's a very important thing. I think when you don't, you have to follow your heart.

2 (13m 60s):
So, you know what was supposed to be a reset after a very tough period, actually just extended the very tough period. And you know, there's not much time left. We're in the final 90 days of the campaign. So it's crunch time.

0 (14m 20s):
We'll be right back,

The New York Times (14m 23s):
Got a bit delayed this morning because of a large scale missile attacks here in Kyiv from The New York Times. I'm Tracy Mumford. Join me every weekday morning for the headlines. A podcast from the team that created The Daily. You are rolling. Come on. The headlines quickly catches you up on the biggest news stories of the day. Now we're About to see a spectacle That we've never seen Before. I'm here in Red Square, I'm watching now. I just love the award show I was inside The theater. We'll put you on the ground where news is unfolding and bring you the analysis and expertise you can only get from the Times newsroom. I recently obtained dozens of pages of what had been a classified investigation. One day The White House responded to our findings with really sweeping changes. I, I just can't emphasize enough how sort of extraordinary this moment is. Listen every weekday morning to the headlines, wherever you get your podcasts.

0 (15m 23s):
So Jonathan, how anxious are the people around Donald Trump by the experience of these past two weeks, which they clearly think have been a bit of a mess? And are they convinced that Trump can right this ship and kind of meet the moment of Kamala Harris and her ascent?

2 (15m 45s):
Well, they're in a real race now, and the dynamics have shifted to the extent that Democrats were not excited or motivated to vote for Joe Biden. And they are excited and motivated to vote for Kamala Harris. There's a different vibe, as they would say, but in the minds of the Trump campaign, the fundamentals of the race haven't actually changed.

0 (16m 11s):
Just explain that.

2 (16m 12s):
Well, yes, there are all of these indicators that are concerning to them. I'm not minimizing that. But they still have a very clear path to victory. And in fact, it's a much clearer path than Kamala Harris has at this moment. Hmm. They need to win. Georgia Trump has been consistently leading in Georgia. They need to hold onto North Carolina. He has been consistently leading in North Carolina outside the margin of error, and they have to win Pennsylvania, which is closer. So the path is there. There are actually many other paths that he could win, other different combinations of states. But the basic way that the Trump people see it is that Kamala Harris is simply winning back people that Democrats should have had in the first place.

2 (16m 57s):
And it's not like the mood of the country has changed. It is still a country that is still very, very sour about the economy, anxious about high prices, worried about the border and immigration. These are all issues in which Donald Trump holds huge advantages over Kamala Harris and Democrats. And when you talk to the Trump people, you know, as I do every day, they have, they have a very narrow, as they would say, universe of the electorate that they're focusing on, that they call Target persuadables. These are voters who they believe are up for grabs. It's about 11% of the electorate.

2 (17m 39s):
They are disproportionately male, under 50, non-white, independent, moderate, actually in ideology. And even though you have an electorate that is overall very sour about the economy, this group is even more sour. These are not people who are following, who are reading newspapers, reading digital news sites, right, following cable news. They are consuming non-traditional media, you know, streamers, gaming, et cetera, et cetera. And that's why you see the Trump campaign doing so much of this non-traditional media to, to meet these low information voters where they are. So the Trump team is betting that all of this Harris boom is a honeymoon.

2 (18m 25s):
It's cotton candy. But they still believe that the fundamental issues that are gonna decide this election are issues in which they can not just beat Harris on, but absolutely destroy her on.

0 (18m 40s):
So in the eyes of the Trump people, just to put this all together, it might look like this race has changed a lot because there's so much energy around Kamala Harris because there's so much media attention around Kamala Harris. But the fundamentals of the race, the electoral college math, and the reality of who's actually getable, those haven't changed. And the Trump people are confident that their plan is the more sophisticated one for actually pulling it off.

2 (19m 4s):
I wouldn't say it hasn't changed. They acknowledge it's a tighter race, but they are betting that hammering those messages in the key states for, and I can't emphasize this enough, a very narrow, small slither of voters that are up for grabs will carry the day.

0 (19m 23s):
So let's talk about their plan, not just to define an issue set that they think will win this election for them, but their plan to define Harris herself. Because so far, as we established in the first half of this conversation, Trump hasn't quite seemed to settle on a path or a message for confronting Harris.

2 (19m 44s):
Well, I think that's an understatement. One of the challenges when he talk to Trump advisors is that they need to narrow their focus. They have so much tape of Kamala Harris saying all sorts of things that are unpopular and very, very liberal and out of step with moderate centrist voters. Hmm. That they actually need to go through a culling exercise and make sure that they're not just throwing everything at the wall. And in the end, nothing will stick. Voters will sort of tune it out. They've done this exhaustive message testing Trump's top pollster. Tony Fabrizio has tested, you know, dozens and dozens of messages against Harris to see which ones resonate the most.

2 (20m 26s):
The ones that they're going to just hammer her again and again and again on immigration. Joe Biden appointed her to deal with the root causes of migration. They're going to talk about aspects of her record as a prosecutor in San Francisco to portray her as soft on crime. And they're going to tie her to the Biden economy, which while on many indicators is doing well, voters aren't feeling it and aren't saying that. So that's what they're going to focus on. But beyond policy, they're also trying to attack her personally in a few key ways.

0 (21m 2s):
Like what?

2 (21m 2s):
So the two that they are doing with her personally is defining her as someone who is not presidential, who's not strong, who is unserious. There's a video they have internally, they call it the word salad video.

15 (21m 19s):
We've been to the border. You haven't been to the border. I, and I haven't been to Europe. And I mean, I don't, I don't understand the point.

2 (21m 27s):
It's clips of Kamala Harris. You know, she goes on these sort of very unusual verbal excursions.

15 (21m 34s):
It is time for us to do what we have been doing in that time is every day, every day it is time for us. She

2 (21m 42s):
Sort of repeats lines and says things that sound like a, at times, a mangled self-help book.

15 (21m 48s):
I can imagine what can be and be unburdened by what has been, you know,

2 (21m 52s):
There's one where she talks about

15 (21m 54s):
Talking about the significance of the passage of time. Right. The significance.

2 (21m 58s):
The significance of the passage of time. So

15 (22m 0s):
When you think about it, there is great significance to the passage of time.

2 (22m 5s):
They're trying to paint her as fundamentally unserious not ready to be commander in chief.

0 (22m 12s):
Right. They're basically going to start mocking her in compilations of videos that are intended to take the worst possible moments, put them all together, and hope that it somehow undermines her credibility.

2 (22m 25s):
Exactly. The other thing that they're doing that's specific to her is they're trying to portray her as a fraud, as a fake, as someone who reinvents herself for political expedience every few years. And you know, there's a bit of material to work with there. In 2019 when she was running for president, she basically co-signed every hard left position, whether it be a ban on fracking, abolishing private health insurance, abolishing ice, giving free healthcare to undocumented immigrants. You know, it's a very long list. She's basically running away from that record now. But they're gonna try and portray her as someone who, you know, doesn't actually stand for anything and, and flip flops.

0 (23m 11s):
Right. I mean, in a very simple sense, it seems like they're going to try to make this campaign about her. Now, in the same way that for the past two weeks since she became the nominee, she's been trying to make this campaign about Trump. Her stump speech reliably has its loudest applause line when she gets to the idea that she knows Trump's type. And it seems like their plan is to kind of invert that and say, we're now gonna tell you what type of person Kamala Harris is. And in their estimation, she's ideologically inconsistent and unserious.

2 (23m 42s):
Yeah. And, and one thing that they're desperately trying to do is smoke her out. Their view in the Trump campaign is that Kamala Harris is good in scripted settings. They're very frustrated. She's, she's having these very successful rallies, giving rehearsed stump speech. It's all very well produced and polished, but she has not been giving interviews. She has not been submitting herself to tough questioning. They want to get her into these unscripted settings where they think she's very bad on her feet. I hear that again and again. When I talk to Trump advisors, she can't think on her feet. That's what they think.

2 (24m 22s):
They're trying to force her to take questions from journalists to bully her into that, to get her on the debate stage where they think that she will wilt under pressure.

0 (24m 32s):
Hmm. They wanna create new moments that, I guess sound a bit like the videos they have in their offices. That word salad that will become embarrassing in real time.

2 (24m 42s):
Exactly.

0 (24m 43s):
And what do they think those moments will look like? How are they going to smoke her out?

2 (24m 48s):
Well, he's challenged her to three debates, and notably two of them are on networks. He hates A, B, C, and NBC. So that shows you how eager Trump is to get her on that debate stage.

0 (25m 3s):
Hmm. And perhaps he of course, thinks that what happened to Biden will happen to Harris on a debate stage. In other words, it will be an indelible moment that could change the course of the race.

2 (25m 15s):
Exactly. One thing I, I can't underscore enough, is just how much contempt Trump has for Harris. Hmm. He actually respected Hillary Clinton's intellect as much as he despised her. He thought she was smart. He does not think Kamala Harris is smart. And in fact, he's been counseled by some advisors to try not to show as much of that contempt publicly. So he does think he's up against someone who is incompetent and is not gonna perform well in a debate against him. It could be a big miscalculation, but that's how Trump sees it. And that's how a number of his allies and advisors see it.

0 (25m 55s):
It feels like the Trump campaign strategy to meet this moment rests on not just the first assumption, which is that Harris, if and when smoked out will falter, but that Trump himself will be capable of being the kind of disciplined candidate who can deliver the policy messages you're talking about on crime, immigration, and the economy, and not keep doing what he did at NABJ and talking about whether she's actually black or as you just said, demonstrating open contempt for her intelligence. Those

2 (26m 30s):
Are the biggest X factors, and the biggest one of the two of them is Trump. So far he has been struggling to adapt to her as a new candidate. It has brought out some of his harshest instincts, and we don't know yet whether he's going to be able to sufficiently control himself not to turn off the voters that he needs to win this election. There was this sort of amazing moment two days after the Association of Black Journalists event. You know, the news cycles has gone crazy about Trump questioning whether she's black Trump goes to the Hamptons and he's at this very high powered donor dinner. These are some of the wealthiest donors in Republican politics.

2 (27m 13s):
And one of the donors asks this question that in, in any normal time, it would've just been this completely, you know, benign forgettable question, which was basically, what issues should you be talking about? You da da da. But of course, this was an a question that was sort of imbued with great meaning and relevance, because he'd just been on this race baiting spree, and Trump says, direct quote, I am who I am. Hmm. Which, you know, not exactly reassuring. At the same event he said that he thought he was right to bring up the question whether she was really black. He said that, you know, we have to stop the steal, you know, re-litigating his false claims about the 2020 election, which his advisors are desperate, that he would stop talking about So.

2 (27m 60s):
you know, this is a 78-year-old man who is not changing. So they're gonna have to do the best they can with the candidate they've got.

0 (28m 7s):
Right. I mean, the real risk for Trump is that he sabotages himself, which has always been a risk with Trump, but it's especially a risk it would seem in the final weeks of a campaign that he thought he was on a glide path to victory in when it was against Joe Biden. And now, despite everything that's happened, he's basically saying, as a candidate, as a person, I won't change. I don't think I need to change.

2 (28m 35s):
Exactly. And in fact, if there was ever a moment when Republicans were sort of saying, you know, oh, I think maybe he's a changed ban, was after the assassination attempt. Right. He's now saying to people, if anything, I'm more angry, the press wants to say, I got nicer after that. No, he's, he's saying that out loud. No, in fact, not. If that doesn't change you, I'm not sure what does.

0 (29m 3s):
Right. Apparently not a new rival either.

2 (29m 6s):
Not so far.

1 (29m 11s):
Well,

0 (29m 11s):
Jonathan, thank you very much. We appreciate it.

2 (29m 14s):
Thank you.

0 (29m 26s):
We will be right back. Here's what else you need to not day.

2 (29m 34s):
Over

0 (29m 35s):
The weekend, Trump's political troubles continued. His campaign said it had been the victim of a hacking operation, allegedly linked to Iran. That resulted in the theft of sensitive internal documents, including research on Trump's running mate, Senator JD Vance. Some of those documents have since been shared with major news organizations, including Politico and the Washington Post, in what appears to be an effort to embarrass Trump's campaign and

16 (30m 10s):
No time outs. Here it's Williams, that was a two a two ball, and the United States is gonna claim gold for the eighth consecutive Olympics. What a finish Williams with her foot on the line.

0 (30m 27s):
On the final day of the 2024 Olympic summer games, the US Women's Basketball Team defeated France by a single point, allowing the United States to tie China for the most gold medals. 40 in all. A few hours later, the games ended in Paris with an elaborate closing ceremony, brought broadcast by NBC from the same stadium where the games began two weeks ago. Today's episode was produced by Rob Ziko, Claire Tennis getter, Diana Wynn and Luke Vanderplug.

0 (31m 10s):
It was edited by Patricia Willens with help from Devin Taylor contains original music by Marian Lazano and Will Reed, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Ben Landsberg of Wanderly. That's it for The. Daily, I am m Bobro. See you tomorrow.