
The Wirecutter Show is supported by Polestar. Polestar three is ushering in a new generation of electric SUVs, one that relies on designing technology so integrated. You forget it's even there. That's the ethos behind Polestar Three's custom developed Android automotive os. So when you're in the driver's seat, you'll experience an intuitive infotainment screen, smart voice controls, and over the air updates to keep your polestar on the cutting edge every day. But the innovation doesn't stop there. Have Google turn on your favorite podcast and be immersed in 3D surround sound by Bowers and Wilkins. Driving Polestar three is an experience that can only be fully understood when you test drive. Book yours today@polestar.com.


Hey, it's Michael. Today we're bringing you something I think you're gonna find super useful. Maybe you've heard of Wirecutter, the product recommendation site from The New York Times. It's where our colleagues in the Wirecutter newsroom combine independent research with firsthand obsessive testing to help you make quick and confident decisions about what to buy. It's where I've gone for years to find the best air conditioner, the perfect frying pan, and an outdoor grill that is affordable, but somehow still classy. And now Wire Cutter has a new podcast, the Wirecutter Show. Each episode goes deep on an everyday problem and how to solve it.


You'll hear testing stories that go above and beyond. Get product suggestions and learn tons of tips, tricks, and advice. Today we're gonna hear all about wait for it, laundry talk about news you can actually use. So take a listen and afterward search for the Wirecutter Show, wherever you listen to podcasts and subscribe to it. New episodes drop every Wednesday. And here is the first one From The New. York Times. You're listening to The Wirecutter Show. Hey everyone, it's The Wirecutter Show.


I'm Kyra Blackwell. I'm Christine Cyr cassette. And I'm Rosie Garrin. And we work at Wirecutter, the product recommendation site from The New York Times. Each week we bring you expert advice from our newsroom of 140 journalists who review everyday products that will make your life better. Today's episode of The Wirecutter Show is called The Secret to Better Laundry. Hey Y'all, it's our very first episode. Hooray. Love it. Our inaugural episode, should we tell people a little bit about who we are and what we're doing here? Yeah, absolutely. So Christine, what is Wirecutter? What does Wirecutter do? Well, Wirecutter is a product recommendation service.


We're part of The New, York Times company. We have about 140 journalists who do rigorous product testing. And what we mean by that is they are very serious about the products they, they test. What are we talking about here? So I'll, I'll give a couple examples. We've done a guide to hiking boots, and for that one, our writers tried out 55 pairs of boots and hiked 1400 miles over seven years. I mean, that's a lot of steps. You know, another example, this one's kind of wild. We did a review of fire safes and our writer actually built a room and burned the room with all these fire safes inside of it. I mean, that's the kind of lengths our journalists go to test things. Tried and true service journalism, absolutely committed.


And we're also independent, which that means we don't let companies pay us to review their products and we don't take freebies. Our recommendations are based only on what we really believe is the best stuff. It's a really fun place to work, and I'm excited to introduce listeners here to the amazing people I work with, like Kyra. Hi Kyra. Who are you? So I'm a writer and I cover all things sleep, and I test mattresses. People find it hilarious because I get to say that I sleep for a living. And I've probably tested about a hundred mattresses at this point for work. I've been at Wirecutter for four years, but Christine here has actually been here longer than Me. That's right. I'm og.


I've been here 11 years nearly since the site was started, and I'm an editor. How about you, Rosie? Who am I? Yeah, Who are you? I'm the show's executive producer. And I'm kind of gonna be your producer's sidekick here to pose the questions that you know us Normies have. Well, We're so happy to have you here. Aw, thanks Kyra. So to that end, why are we all here? Let's tell other people. I mean, what are we doing on this show? What's the plan? Look, We get tons of questions from people about problems they encounter or things that they're just trying to hack or solve. And our staff has a lot of expertise to share, Right? So we wanna bring all of that to audio. Every week we're going to sit down with a Wirecutter journalist and talk through a topic that we think people could use some advice on.


We'll give product recommendations like we always do on the site, but this is gonna be a lot more than that. We're going to talk through solutions, ideas, hacks, and ways that you can really make your life better. And sometimes we'll even invite outside experts to come on. I Love it. And that's why I think today's episode is so good to start with because it's a problem that we all have, but maybe we don't realize that we have. And I am talking about laundry. Why are You looking at me? No, you're, you're right. I don't think I ever properly learned to do my laundry. Oh yeah. I really hope my mom's not listening. Oh no. Tell Mom Rosie, I'm gonna make the confession that I too don't think that I know how to do my laundry.


It's like I'm in Such good company. Yeah, I mean, I'm a lady. I'm a grown lady. You are A lady. That's why I don't know how to do my laundry. 'cause I'm a lady. Yeah. And someone else should be doing it for me. Yes, yes. The issue with like the entire time as an adult I feel like is that I've just never really been able to figure out how to get stains out. And so all of my entire family is just always walking around with like something on their clothes. The Whole whole process, I will say is very intimidating. Kyra. Yeah. It's a myth. Don't even ask me. I don't know. It's a myth. My mom taught me how to like separate lights from darks and it's not the 1920s. I feel like we don't need to do that anymore. And that's where I'm at right now. That's A hot take, But there's a Lot that I Don't know.


Yeah, and you know what? That's why I'm really glad we have our special guest today because we are wire cutter. We do happen to have someone on staff whose entire job it is to think about laundry, test laundry solutions, and basically give great advice about laundry. Andrea Barnes is a staff writer and industry expert in all things laundry. And she's going to join us to tell us the best laundry products and how to use them properly. Can't wait. And so listeners know we're gonna be dropping links to the guides and products we talk about in this episode in all our episodes, right in the show notes. So if you hear us talk about something and wanna know more, just head over there.


Does Tide live up to the hype? Do we need to use hot water on our dirty clothes? Can anything get cooking oil stains out of my favorite T-shirt? We'll find out in just a minute.


The Wirecutter Show is supported by Polestar. Innovation is at the heart of every Polestar car. And their SUV Polestar three is no different from the intuitive infotainment system to its head turning design. Polestar three is for drivers unwilling to compromise. That means merging a spacious interior with the torque and handling of a sports car. Go from zero to 60 in as little as 4.8 seconds and get an EPA estimated range of up to 315 miles per charge. Polestar put in the time designing and refining post R three, so the time you spend in it will be the best time of your day. Book a test drive@polestar.com.


This is a o Scott. I'm a critic at The New York Times. These days there are so many movies and books and television shows and songs that it's hard to make sense of it all. If The New, York Times, what the critics do is sort through as much of that as we can to come up with advice, with recommendations to guide you toward the stuff that's worth your time and attention. But we don't only offer guidance. Critics are here to help you make sense of things, to get you thinking about the way a movie connects with history or politics, the way a song opens up emotion. How a piece of art illuminates the world in the magical way that only art can do. Really what I do and what the other critics here do is part of the same project that all of the journalists at The New York Times work on every day to give you clarity and perspective and above all a deeper understanding of the world.


When you subscribe to The New, York Times. It's not just here are the headlines, but here's the way everything fits together. If you'd like to subscribe, please go to ny times.com/subscribe. We're back with Andrea Barnes. Andrea is Wire cutter's premier expert on big home appliances like dishwashers and washing machines. But we're not even really gonna focus on that today. All of her appliance testing has also led her to become our expert on all things laundry. She's written a ton of our most popular guides and articles in the category, like for detergent, washing your tennis shoes, washing things by hand, and stain removal.


Hi Andrea. Hi. It's nice to be here. Nice To see you. So Andrea does a ton of laundry and, and tests out different washers and dryers and, and obviously detergents. And the, the wire cutter office is this just massive space in Long Island City. You know, there's like weird clothing hanging everywhere that's stained with like egg and lipstick and and grass and obviously like lots of detergent all over the place on carts and I don't know, it's like this weird Willy Wonka's chocolate factory of laundry over there. I wanna know what you're doing because I feel really undereducated on the topic. But first, you're testing our laundry IQ today with a quiz So. you can judge our baseline on how much or little we might know about what's coming up.


It's Really like how little we know We're gonna come in. Humble. Yes. I have a little true false quiz for you. So question one, true or false? Soda water is the best thing to remove a fresh red wine stain. True. I am gonna, I was so enthusiastic about that. I love it. So somebody spilled red wine all over me at my wedding and I was wearing a white wedding dress. And my mom's best friend who's an amazing lawn dress, she like got it out with soda water, long dress. She Swooped in and she was like, I is. Yeah. She was like, we are doing this. Yeah. Well I'm glad that that worked, but I would actually say false according to our testing. Oh no, I'm, I'm sure that soda water can work, but we found that the best thing for fresh red wine stains is actually white wine.


What? Oh wow. So. you pour white wine on top of the red wine. Exactly. And it just cancels Out. It cancels it out. Well I, I mean I did drink a whole bottle of white wine after that person spilled the red wine on me and the stain did come out. So it did kind of work. That always Works arguably for different reasons. All right, question two, what, what do you got True or false? A top load washer cleans better than a front load washer. True, True. No, it's false. Even though they use less water, actually a front load washer is way better at removing stains than a top load washer. Huh? It doesn't have that little thingy in the middle though. I know it's really confusing, but it's actually the friction that really makes the front load washer work.


It's The friction not the thingy. Wow. Yeah. Who knew science? Yeah. Okay, Next. Okay, So, you need fabric softener. True or false? False. False. You are correct. It is false. It's actually just fat that's usually added to the end of a cycle. Oh, Fat. What? Yeah, it's fat. We actually used to use it in college to condition our hair. Oh my god. I wouldn't say do it now, but it worked really well. The olden times were wild. Like you just put some crisp gum in there or something. I love it. Okay, so the last question. In order to get stains out, you need to wash with hot water. This Has to be true. No, it's actually not. What if My cat puked on my bed? Especially cat puked should be washed with cold water.


Stop It. Oh my gosh. Really? Yes, because it has protein in it and protein needs cold water to be washed out. Wait, so have I just been baking it deeper into my comforter? You, you may have, did the smell go away when you did it Morning? Know Tyra. I would like to think so, but who knows? I have so many like candles lit at all times. I mean, warm water won't get it out and friction helps, but you know, cold water's definitely more efficient. Alright, Well I think Andrea proved our point. We have some linger tips and knowledge that we need to acquire asap. Yeah, I think, I think that's about right. Okay, so let's get into it. Andrea, I wanna start with getting a better sense of how you even test something like laundry detergent.


Oh, That's a great question. You know, initially when we, when I started designing the laundry detergent tests, the idea was to put common stains on T-shirts. I pulled the wire cutter writers and asked them, what are the worst stains you've had? What are the things that have been hardest to remove? And most of them were pretty typical, like lipstick ink, cooking oil, and we stained all these shirts. We very quickly realized that it's actually very hard to recreate difficult stains and that most of the stains that you recreate, especially because they're only sitting for a day or two before you wash them, almost everything was pretty easy to wash out. And so when you say recreate, are you taking a bottle of hinz and just Yeah.


Mushing it into some new T-shirt? Totally. Exactly. Wow. And, and so with that in mind, I called one of my sources who's a former washing machine developer from Whirlpool. And I asked him, what would you do in this situation because everything's cleaning out pretty easily. And he said, you've gotta call Clorox and get their standardized test. And he described this swatch with 15 different stains on it that are all the same size. And Clorox of course was not gonna give me that. Right. So, but I did find the place that Clorox buys it from, which is a, which is a German company that has a dealer in Pennsylvania.


So to order these swatches, we actually have to email them and, and give them the credit card information and all this stuff. Like we can't even do it online. It took forever. But this machine is awesome because it uses the exact same amount of whatever the stain material is and it presses them down under thousands of pounds of pressure. Mm Oh So. you have a standardized stain set and the stains are pretty typical stains you encounter in daily life. So there's tea, there's mustard, there's something that's called betacarotene, which is more like a carrot or a sweet potato stain. Then there are some that you're not necessarily encountering every day. Like there's one that's used engine oil, which you know, we joked about going to find a mechanic who would give us oil rags, but this seemed like a better solution.


But the idea here is not to remove all of the stain, it's actually really just comparative data. What it does is it shows us how good a laundry detergent or stain remover is by how much stain they remove. So the idea really isn't to see a blank t-shirt or a blank piece of jersey cotton at the end. It really is to see some stain left. I don't wanna turn anybody's stomach, but I'm very, very curious. 'cause I think a comment, especially if you have kids, my kids fall and scrape their knees all the time. Oh yeah. Blood. Oh Yeah. Yes. So What I'm, I'm I'm afraid To ask. I became very good friends with the butchers at Pizano on Smith Street in Brooklyn where they sell both pork and beef blood for different recipes.


And we, I bought, I think we probably between laundry detergent testing and stain rover testing, I think I probably bought six quarts of blood. Ooh. Are you on some sort of list? Probably. I know, I've been wondering about that. Yeah. Do they know what you want the blood for? I, they probably just think I'm making some a recipe. But I think for testing we left several t-shirts overnight for three or four days after being stained with blood. That was actually one of the best tests. Like some things that could get those stains out were good detergents or good stainer movers. Yeah, I'm just seeing like a carry scene at the office.


Like isn't that what they used? They just stood Out. That movie actually was about a girl I think who was in training to become a detergent tester. That's A little known fact. Something like that. I personally, I don't know about the rest of you, but I, I just use liquid detergent because it's what I buy and that's what I use and I don't really do anything else. But I, from reading your work, it sounds like there is a difference between liquid and powder and when you wanna use those. So can you talk a little bit about that? Sure. I mean, I think for most people liquid detergent is probably the best choice.


I mean, there are great products on the market and most people are removing body oils from their clothing and a lot of people aren't actually removing that many stains from their clothing. I mean honestly the, the water itself does a lot of the work too, right? If you have a job where you're outdoors a lot and you are working a lot with clay or, or mud or particulate soils is what they would be called powder detergent's probably a better choice because powder detergent is going to work with those stains better because of the way it's formulated. Hmm. And also if you just have a lot of stains in your clothes in general, powder detergents in nice choice because most of them have oxygen bleach or some other sort of non chlorine bleach built into them.


So there's a little bit more stain ov power and You can use those on all colored Fabric. That's okay. Yes. Totally different than chlorine bleach, which is not safe to use on all sorts of fabrics. But oxygen bleach is, it's basically hydrogen peroxide. So you're going to want to test a small part of your clothing to make sure that it can withstand the oxygen bleach. But we have yet to run into something unless it's like a really poorly dyed item that can't be used with oxygen bleach. Like the most famous oxygen bleach is like oxyclean, right? Yes. And we tested it, we didn't love it in testing. Okay, Wow. That guy was lying to me in all those infomercials, One of those great infomercials, Watch how Oxyclean unleashes the power of oxygen, making tough stains disappear.


Like magic Oxyclean didn't do great in testing because it takes a really long time to dissolve. It really needs hot water to dissolve and it took a lot longer to, to remove stains than other detergents that we tested. Well Oxyclean iss not a detergent, but we tested Tide Ultra Oxy, which is a powder tide with oxygen bleach and it did a much better job with removing things than Oxyclean did. I think I read in one of your guys that like the thing that really picks up stains is just this thing in it called enzymes. And that's what really like eats away at the stains So, you don't really need like bleach to get out Stains. No. For most stains, you, you don't need bleach.


I, I say to use oxygen bleach when it's very specific kinds of stains. Like basically anything that you would use as a natural dye if you were making dye in your own clothing. Yeah. So like tea, coffee, fruits, things where the stain really changes the fabric. Yeah. Versus just food stains, which are pretty topical and enzymes are really good at getting those. Okay. So We can basically just throw out all of our chlorine bleach and we don't need it. No, not for your regular clothes. You don't need chlorine bleach. But it's still a good disinfectant. And oxygen bleach is for the stains that are really set in and kind of changing the color of the fabric, right, like wine or something. Yes.


Soaking an oxygen bleach will get the most stubborn stains out and it's great for things like wine or tea or coffee that really do soak into the fabric and are very hard to get out. So when you say that those like oxygen detergents are basically just hydrogen peroxide, I know there's always like a DIY community in everything that when there's a product, there's a DIY project, but why can't you just make your own detergent? I mean, you could, if you wanna spend a lot of time making something that doesn't work as well. That's like a lot of DIY in general. Right, Exactly. You were mentioning when we were talking earlier, this phrase that is like kind of a shorthand that's sometimes helpful.


Is it something like, like likes. Likes, yes. What is this? It's a, it's a solvent term. Like likes like, so for example, when you have an oil stain, liquid detergent works really well because the surfactants and liquid detergent behave as an oil. So they are better absorbed into oil stains. So basically the best way to look at it is that there's water stains and there's oil stains, right? The solvents that you wanna use to get rid of those stains are gonna be similar in properties. So remember I said that if you're working around a lot of clay or dirt powder detergent is better. That's why similar, right?


So they behave similarly and they are absorb with each other better and combine better. So this is why my kids like muddy, dirty clothing never gets back to like zero. Yeah. 'cause it's just like I'm only using liquid and so it's not, it's not picking up the dirt. Yeah. Essentially. I mean you can try pretreating with p with a liquid detergent. I find that works really well. But you might just try powder detergent too. Might work. What Exactly is the process of pretreating? So Pretreating a stain is kind of how it sounds. You really are just putting the stain remover or the laundry detergent on the stain beforehand. And it's usually somewhere between five minutes to 20 minutes before you put it in the washing machine.


Got it. For almost every stain, if you have laundry detergent on hand, you probably can just use that For pretreating we recommend a different stain remover, all-purpose stain remover for pretreating called Amex. But that the reason we recommend that is because it removes other stains that laundry detergent is not always good at getting out. So those two are actually makeup and permanent ink. But otherwise I would say you can pretreat with laundry detergent for most stains and then it is a good hack for laundry. So I don't know if any of you have ever had like a marinara stain on your shirt and you, you don't pretreat it, you throw it in the wash and then you come out and you still I've never done it.


I've never not treated my stains. Not ever, never have. I've forgotten. She's lying Your honor. Yeah, so I, I mean, I'll admit to you all that when we were doing laundry detergent testing and one of my sources told me to soak oil stains in warm water and liquid laundry detergent, I was able to get oil stains. You know those dark oil stains you get on color colorful fabric than in, it'll be like the same, it's just a slightly darker shade and whatever. Yeah. I think my daughter's goal in life is to have every article of clothing have these stains. But I was able to get these stains that had been in three or four washes and dry cycles out from this soaking.


Mm. So you know, it's, there are a lot of different things you can do for stain removal. Pre-treating is great, but it doesn't necessarily mean that you're totally in trouble if you still have stains coming out of the wash later. Got It. So I've heard you mention Tide a couple times. Why? And I think both of the, the powdered detergent, which is, which wit is that again? The one that we like is Tide Ultra Oxy ti Tide Ultra Oxy. And then the liquid we like is Tide free and gentle. Gentle and free. Yes. Gentle and free. Why? Why? Why do we like Tide? Why is Tide such? I mean like we're not shilling for Tide. There is no Tide commercial on this podcast. No, but what, so what's the deal?


You know, it's interesting. I really went into testing wanting to not recommend Tide because I had a lot of misconceptions over being allergic to it. And then the more testing that I did and the more research I did, I learned that the ingredient that most people are allergic to in laundry detergent, it's called MI or MCI, it's a chemical preservative and it's in even quote unquote natural liquid detergents. Almost any, all of the ones we tested contain it. And what's interesting is that people perceive that that's what they're allergic to. One almost all of it's rinsed off by your washing machine. But the other is that it's the same preservative is probably in your shampoo. Mm.


Your your shower gel. Anything that you're using that needs to be preserved. So that's actually probably what's causing your allergy. I mean we talked in multiple dermatologists about this. So that said, we partly chose hide free and gentle because it doesn't have that preservative. And so they had all this money and all this RD to go into creating a laundry detergent that lacks these allergens. It was the combination of that had hypoallergenic detergent with the fact that it removed stains so well that made it go out on top. So in the end, tide just kept, I don't some they're doing something really good there, right? I mean they have a big budget, right? Yes. They have a big budget to spend on r and d. They do. Which is something that we kind of find across categories at Wirecutter that like we're kind of sometimes surprised.


Yeah. But the big, the big companies do come out ahead because they just have so much money. I'm Kind of relieved when like the big names are actually doing something right. 'cause then you can get it anywhere. Like if you run out, you don't, it's very accessible. Liking niche stuff sucks. It's so true. Okay, so Wire cutter recommends tide free and gentle liquid detergent for most laundry for really stained stuff, dirt stained stuff. Wirecutter recommends Tide Ultra Oxy. And I trust these recommendations frankly based off all of the blood testing and stuff we discussed. Ooh, yes. You know what I, I think we're learning. We're doing good guys.


Okay. But I do have some like graduate level questions I need to just throw in here like about dry cleaning and pause and just more questions about stains And how to make eco-friendly choices at the laundromat. But first a break.


The Wirecutter Show is supported by Polestar. Polestar three is ushering in a new generation of electric SUVs. One that relies on designing technology so integrated. You forget it's even there. That's the ethos behind Polestar Three's custom developed Android automotive os. So when you're in the driver's seat, you'll experience an intuitive infotainment screen, smart voice controls and over the air updates to keep your polestar on the cutting edge every day. But the innovation doesn't stop there. Have Google turn on your favorite podcast and be immersed in 3D surround sound by Bowers and Wilkins. Driving Polestar three is an experience that can only be fully understood when you test drive. Book yours today@polestar.com.


Hello, this is Diwani Kafe from New York Times cooking and I'm sitting on a blanket with Melissa Clark And we're having a picnic using recipes that feature some of our favorite summer produce wan day. What'd you bring? So This is a cucumber agro fresca. It's made with fresh cucumbers, ginger and lime. It's really easy to put together and it's something that you can do in advance. Oh, it Is so refreshing. New York, Times cooking has so many easy recipes to fit your summer plans. Find them all at NYT Cooking dot com.


Welcome back to The Wirecutter Show. Today we're getting a masterclass in laundry tips from Andrea Barnes. Andrea is Wirecutter staff writer on large appliances and all things laundry. So, so far we've covered some detergent basics, but now we're gonna get into some of the nitty gritty details. Literally. Okay, so what if you have really nice or vintage items like cashmere or silk? Do you have to get those dry cleaned? It? It's really going to depend on the item, but I would say the vast majority of the time, no. First of all, you most likely can use regular detergent tide free and gentle on a lot of your dry, clean only items.


If you use a mesh bag and a gentle cycle, I wouldn't do this with something that you really love, but there are a few other options. We recommend a hand wash detergent called soak, which is really great. And what you can do is actually hand wash your garment and you soak the, you soak the garment with this detergent, which is called soak. And that's confusing. And it, it's a no rinse detergent. So. you don't have to handle the clothing for that long. Right? Oh, So. you submerge it for 15 minutes and then you, you just take the item out and press the water out and it's ready to go. The, the detergent evaporates really quickly. Wait And So, you don't have to rinse it So you.


No. Like what if you have allergies? Like isn't there something on it that will? So that's a great question. The preservative we talked about earlier is not in this hand wash detergent, which is good. And then we interviewed the owner of the detergent company and they did third party testing that showed less than like 5e-05% of the residue is left on the, because you also use a tiny amount, like we're talking maybe two teaspoons for several gallons. So there's not much left to begin with. I would say that that's ideal for, you know, if you have a cashmere sweater that you've worn a bunch of times and it hasn't really been stained, but you want it, freshen it up, that would be a great option.


If it's something that's really you, you got stains all over it or you bought a vintage item as is, what we learned is that the best thing to do is to use pure sodium per percarbonate, which is oxygen, bleach and soak for hours. So in that case, we wouldn't use something like Tide because there's builders and fillers in it that you won't necessarily want on your clothing. But pure sodium percarbonate is great for soaking your vintage items. And the product we really like for that in testing is called restoration. Okay. And it's pure oxygen bleach. There's nothing else in it. So Oxyclean has fragrance and other fillers in addition to oxygen bleach.


And this is just oxygen bleach. How do you test these? How are you testing like this, these vintage? So for this we did an, I'm not gonna give you my keyword search, but I don't, to be honest with you, I don't think I want a Q dish. But I looked for items on eBay that are stained and we ordered a lot of used linens that looked like they had no hope left. And the craziest part, so we got this huge duvet bag filled with tablecloth and napkins and linens. Whoa. And they had stains. But the best part slash worst part was that we realized when we opened the bag, when we unzipped it, that the person was definitely a smoker and it smelled like stale.


Like cigarettes. Like really? Yeah. Why not? A lot of competing bids. Why? Amazing. Why they Sent it in 20 seconds after we ordered it. They were like, it's at your door, check out the outside. We were praying you would buy this. So we found this and it was all delicates, like lace and linen. Again. I called a source this time I called our source Miki Evans, who's amazing. And she is the assistant wardrobe supervisor at the Notebook, the musical on Broadway. Amazing. And yeah, she's great. And she told me about restoration, this oxygen bleach product that you can buy for soaking vintage items.


So we tried it against I think six or seven other oxygen bleaches. And this one was by far the best one. And we felt, because it had no fillers was what I would call the least risky one. Did it Take out the cigarette smell? It Did. Oh wow. It did. Yeah. There. And we tested a bunch of hand washed detergents with, with this lot of, of smoky linens and there were definitely some that did not take the stink out. Was that your keyword Search? Smokey linens, linen stinky linens. Sounds like an eyeshadow color. Smokey linens. Yeah. So one thing we actually haven't gotten into is laundry pods.


Oh yeah. We Gotta talk about laundry pods. We Gotta talk about the pods. So Andrea, what's the deal with laundry pods? I initially didn't really want to recommend pods because you can't pretreat with them. It's so concentrated that it actually doesn't absorb well into stains for pretreating. So it, you have to add water and you're dealing with pod films. So all these things make it like not a great choice in my opinion for Pretreating. But when we started having pain testers come to the office And let me just interject. Yeah. Paid testers are people who are not on our staff that we bring in to test with us. And basically they're, they're folks who have like a, a variety of different abilities and body types and we like to bring them in and get their feedback to, to get a wider diversity of opinions about the products we're testing.


Yes. And some of whom have limited mobility and limited grip strength. I observed very quickly that pods were absolutely 100% the best option for them when operating either washing machines or dishwashers. Oh wow. And so it made sense to me to make a recommendation for that. Yeah, that does make sense. I actually had a little revelation because I don't have washer or dryer in my unit, but my partner does. And whenever I go over there it's like, I've never done laundry ever in my life. I'll just toss a pod in the little compartment that they have in those washer machines. But I've learned recently that you're not supposed to do that. Why is that? It totally depends on the washing machine.


But the way the dispenser works is that water goes through the whole thing and if it's not a very strong stream, it can be very hard for the pod to dissolve. Basically you need the water to be strong enough to pierce the PO and start and start everything moving. Got it. Yeah. All right. Doing it wrong. Okay. You talked a little bit earlier about temperature and you told us earlier that you're actually supposed to be using cold water, but is there any time that you should be using warm water or hot water? I would say hot water only if you're sanitizing something, like if you had sheets from someone who was sick. Mm. Or if you had like Kids are about to potty train for Instance. Yeah. Well see now pee stains I would say you could do in cold water.


'cause urine is pretty sterile, but Like a virus or Yeah, something like that. Yeah, exactly. I would say hot water is appropriate then. But you know, one thing, people always think they see blood and they assume, oh, I should wash it in hot water. And that's actually a great way to stain your clothing more. You absolutely need cold water for removing blood oil stains need warm water To kinda melt the Fat. Yeah, exactly. They, well the warm water emulsifies it, right? Yeah. And lifts it. What about like preserving? I, I mean, I know 'cause I, I wash a lot of fabric to sew with and I know that like I sometimes wash stuff in hot water. But I'm wondering does that do anything to the color long term? If you're, if you do wash in warm or hot water?


Warm and hot water can definitely degrade and fade dyes faster. I, since I've switched to doing cold water washing, I don't see fading on my clothing in the same way that I did before. What about odor? Like I just, I know that you're saying like, pee is okay, even blood is okay, but I just feel like the warm water will take away that smell. Is that totally wrong? No, that's not wrong. And that's why we recommend what we do because the liquid detergents we recommend removed odor even in cold water. I see. Okay. How do you do the odor testing? Well, first of all, my informal odor removal testing is having a teenage son. Oh yeah. That'll do it.


But formally what we did is we burned bacon and used burned bacon grease, which really smells like really smells terrible. And we stained t-shirts with it and then had a panel of people decide which ones removed the most and which ones smelled the worst. And in testing the, the picks we made all removed that odor really well, if not entirely. Okay. Now that we have fully graduated, we almost are at PhD level here with, with stain fighting. Andrea, I'm, I'm curious, you know, if, if somebody's just really concerned about the environmental impacts of what they're doing in their home and they wanna make better choices about their laundry, like what are the things that they should be doing That's great.


The number one thing I would say to anyone is to wash in cold water when you can. Cold water is just a better choice in terms of energy efficiency. So washing machines have internal heaters that warm the water and when you wash in hot water, almost all of the energy that's being used in that wash cycle is to heat the water. So when you wash in cold water, you don't use that energy. So that's prob that, that's probably the best thing you can do. I would say air dry when you can. So get a drying rack pretreat stain so that clothing lasts longer and I would use less detergent.


When you Say less detergent Yeah. How much? How much do you mean? Yeah, You know, this is, it's interesting. This is a tough question because now so many laundry detergent companies are coming out with hyper concentrated detergent. But I would say two tablespoons. Oh my God. For like A big load if You, if it's not heavily stained. Yes. You know how they give you those caps with the little measuring thing on top And it's like literally a cup. Yeah. In college, I think I was putting two, two and a half cups in. Like why is my clothing slimy? Oh yeah. That is what it would be, huh? Yeah. Yeah. You'll get residue and you just don't need that much. It's just unnecessary. And that is how you get allergies. Oh. Because there's, it'll be right up against your skin Laundry detergent sheets.


No. Okay. They didn't clean well. You might as well just wash with water. Got it. Waste. Okay. But what I'm taking from this is that essentially the best things that you can do from a sustainability lens are also kind of just what's good for your laundry in general. It's gonna be the stuff that let, you know, gets stains out the best. It's the stuff that will keep your clothing nice for longer. And so it's all kind of, it kind of, it's like what's good for your laundry is good for the environment too, in that way. Yes. I would agree with that. And that detergent is the Swiss Army knife detergent for everything. Yes. Use it for everything. Yes. Cold water.


Andrea, this has been great. Thank you so much for coming. Before we go, we've got one more question and we're gonna ask this of all of our guests. What's one thing that you've recently bought that you really love? It has nothing to do with laundry, but I, She has other interests, guys. No, you're, you're breaking my heart. I bought my husband that the grill, rescue grill brush that's recommended by our kitchen team and he really loves this grill brush and because he loves it, I would say it's the coolest thing I've bought recently. Aw, That's really nice. Aw. Aw. If you like it. I love it. Andrea, thank you so much.


This has been so great. Thank you so much for having me Guys. I feel like there are so many takeaways from this segment. I, for 1:00 AM gonna go on the hunt for some powdered detergent. Oh Yeah. I, I actually ordered some on amazon.com because that's where, Can you repeat that way? I'm Not amazon.com. I think it's the only place that I could find it, but I thought They only sold books. No, that's great. Okay, cool. Cool. I think my takeaway was washing cold because apparently I've been baking my cat's puke directly into my bedding.


She's gonna win that argument with my husband 'cause he's been doing that. So I'm, that's a win. But to that point, I also think like you don't need to hunt around for like eco-friendly detergents necessarily. If you're trying to be more, you know, earth friendly. It's really just like, energy is kind of the biggest environmental impact. So washing and cold also solve, solves that. Totally. And then like, you don't have to go out and hunt for a fancy pretreatment like your laundry detergent that you already have. We'll do just fine. Use What you got that, that wash cold. Yeah, That's right. I, I, I think that like, you really can just get like two detergents, essentially a liquid and a powder and you're probably like 95% of the way there. Perfect. Andrea was a star. She was amazing. I really hope that I can apply this, you know, when I have a machine in my apartment again, I really hope I can get the dirt stains outta my kids' clothes.


Finally Godspeed my friends. And that's it for us this week. If you wanna find out more about Wirecutters coverage on laundry detergent or snag the products we recommended today, go to ny times.com/wirecutter or find a link in the show notes. So if you like the Wirecutter Show, which we all hope you do, right? Yeah. I think people are actually gonna listen to this. I hope So. I hope people are listening right now and if they're listening, maybe they'll follow us. Yeah. Or leave a review. A hopefully nice one. We'll Always read the reviews Even if it's mean, I guess it Also helps other people find the show. Yeah, For sure.


Yeah. Thank you for listening either way. The Wirecutter Show is executive produced by Rosie Garrin and produced by Abigail Keel, editing by Abigail Keel, engineering support from Maddie Maiello and Nick Pitman. Today's episode was mixed by Daniel Ramirez. Original music by Dan Powell, Marian Lozano, Alicia Ba Etu and Diane Wong. Wire Cutter's deputy publisher and interim general manager is Cliff Levy. Ben Fruman is Wire Cutter's editor in chief. Special thanks to Anil Pu, Paula Schumann, Nina Lasso, Somi Hubbard, Jen Po.


Jeffrey Miranda, Sam Dolnik, Julia Bush and Katie Quentin, can we rotate who Scats each week? Oh My God. One


The Wirecutter Show is supported by Polestar. Polestar is an electric performance car brand focused on innovation for both cutting edge technology and design. Nothing exemplifies this better than Polestar three, their luxury electric SUV. It features an aerodynamic exterior and a Scandinavian minimalist interior. Come experience it for yourself at your local polestar space. Book a test drive@polestar.com.