
This podcast is supported by Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you with one touch in-app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


Hey, it's Anna. Just a quick warning. There's a bit more swearing in this episode than usual. So if you're listening with kids, maybe wait until later. Love now And all. Did you fall in love last? I love, love stronger than anything. For the love. Love, and I love you more than anything. Love. You're still alive. Love Everywhere I look right now. There seem to be articles and books about women in middle age with titles like Rediscovering Desire in Perimenopause or Middle Age is Sexy Now. Plus, of course, you have the wild success of Miranda July's novel.


All fours, women in their forties and fifties are being centered in the cultural conversation in a way they've never been before. But why? I mean, women entering middle age, going through menopause, that's not a new phenomenon. So what is it about this generation of women that's making this life transition seem so sexy? And what can other generations learn from this one? Enter writer Moray. Soff. There is something real happening here with women who are older and it has to do with power.


It doesn't have to do with being like a young person. It has to do with being like an older person. Maray is a writer from Montreal, Canada who recently wrote an article for The New York Times magazine called Y Gen X. Women are having the best Sex in it. She writes about getting divorced at 46 and going on to have more sex and better sex than she'd ever had before. I remember like, I don't know, it must have been around my 49th birthday or something like that, walking around. It was, I was having quite a bit of sex and just thinking like everybody in the world is having sex. Like, And after talking to a bunch of her friends, Moray realized she wasn't the only one.


What the F is happening here? We're 50. Like why are we talking about anal Lingus? How is this a thing? Well, from The New York Times, I'm Anna Martin. This is Modern Love. Each week we talk about sex, love, friends, family, and all the complexity of human relationships. On today's episode, we get the juicy backstory to Ma Coff's popular essay. She tells me about the unlikely sexual resurgence she experienced in her late forties and why being a Gen X woman is central to her new found freedom.


Stay with us. My name is Carlos Pieto and I'm one of the people that helped make The Daily as part of our reporting on immigration, we heard from this woman crossing one of the most dangerous stretches of land on the whole planet to get to the United States. I knew that she was from Venezuela, which is where I'm also from. But what I found out is that not only was she from the same city that I grew up in, but she was also from the same neighborhood she was describing parks and plazas and streets where I spent a lot of my childhood. She was a woman that I might've encountered at some point in my life.


It made me feel an extra responsibility to find a way for our listeners to feel like they understood her and her story. What makes The Daily special is that we try to understand every story with that level of closeness so that our listeners can really connect with the humans in the middle of a news event. If this is the kind of journalism that you like and that you care about, the best way to support it is by subscribing to The New York Times. Soff, welcome to Modern Love.


Hi. It's a pleasure to be here. Ma. I wanna start off by saying you wrote this piece for The New York Times magazine that really resonated with people. You've had over a thousand comments on The New York Times website, which is a lot. You also got a ton of emails from people sharing their own experiences, having the best sex of their life in their fifties. Did you expect this response when you published the piece or, or was this a surprise? I was Absolutely certain that everybody, except the type of women I was writing about who are women like me, would freaking hate this piece. And that was the surprising thing to me, was that really the piece was widely appreciated by all different types of women according to the comments, you know, some men as well, and across the generational spectrum, which to an extent is what I was going for.


Right? I wanted to show that middle age might be something that women who are younger than Gen X, which is the cohort that I wrote about the most in this piece, can look forward to. Who were you expecting the most ire from Two groups? Hmm. Number one, the experience of many women in their fifties is not a highly sexual experience. Many women in their fifties are, have been in very long marriages, and we all know what can happen to sex in very long marriages. You know, people have health concerns. Some people grow disinterested in sex. Menopause has effects as well. So a highly sexual 50 something woman might be super irritating as an archetype to women who aren't feeling that way.


So that was one group that I thought would be hate readers and they weren't. And then the second group that I thought would be hate readers are millennials and Gen Z. Hmm. Who I describe in the piece as having much less frequent sex and much less active sex lives than Gen X women or even boomers were having at their age. And so I felt like there might be some bad feeling from the younger generation of women that they might feel like I was calling them out as not having good sex lives or not having the same prowess.


Right? Like, you know, I just thought that that might be annoying. And in fact, what happened with many millennial women in particular wrote to me and said that they loved reading the piece so much because they felt like it gave them something to look forward to. That sex might come into your life in a different way at an unexpected time later in life. That that is a new possibility. One of the things you point to in your essay is the link between you being a Gen X woman and the freedom that you felt as a newly single person in your, in your forties. So I wanna ask sort of zoom out, like how much has being a Gen X woman shaped your identity and and in what ways has it shaped your identity?


Well, I would say that I started really young in terms of being a kind of cultural animal and a social animal. So I was working by the age of 13, I entered the club scene by the time I was 14 or 15, very young. I was in a rush ever so slightly unparented, I mean by today's standards, phenomenally unparented. And so I feel like I lived the Gen X experience, as we would say here in Quebec obo, which means to the living end.


Huh? I was a music journalist. I was a club reporter, so I wrote about nightclub culture. I had a rave fashion line. I was a voer in a voguing house, Voer as in vogue, Vogue dancer, Vogue dancer. So I did all those things. Right. What about that feels so Archetypically, Gen X to you? The experience of the Gen X child for some cultural reasons and some just deep, deep economic societal kind of reasons, was much more free range than it is right now. So by the time I had sex, which was at the age of 15, I felt like a grownup.


I felt like this person who was working, who was earning her own money, who had experienced so much already, we couldn't wait to be adults. We just wanted it so badly. I wanna dig into the kind of sexual side of your experience as a, as a teen, early twenties. Like what do you remember about sort of coming into your sexuality at that time? Was it exciting? I mean, kids started young. So I remember in, in grade eight in my high school who had had oral sex, who had not had oral sex. I always wanted to be a bit of a falon. So I kind of wanted to be head, what Mean head of the curve? What does that mean? Okay. Like a fabulous kind of, you know, very sophisticated person.


I was dead set on that kind of persona from a very young age. And so I just wanted to be out there and like doing what everybody else was doing really at the, at the cutting edge of, of whatever sexual experience was at, you know, in 1980, whatever. And so I just remember going straight from never having kissed a boy to basically having sex in the span of about a year and a half. Hmm. And, and what was your relationship to your sexuality early on? I don't think I thought a lot about my pleasure. I think I thought a lot about being a sexual person, about pleasing my partners.


I think that was a very huge thing that I thought about A lot of coming off a certain way, The way being mature, Mature, sophisticated, up for anything. Not somebody who would be oversensitive about anything. I really wanted to come off as a tough person. Yeah. I kind of think about sex in the nineties as being this crazy jungle. Yeah. Tell me about it. 'cause I wasn't around then. Yeah, it was not good. I think that you had the world that the sixties opened up, but then you also had those people who had opened up the world of free love in all the positions of power.


Mm. In what was on tv, in what was in film, in what was going to make it onto the radio, et cetera, et cetera. So free love suddenly transferred and translated and transmuted and kind of like insinuated itself into what feels like every corner of the culture from the Oval Office with, you know, bill Clinton to Sure. You know, now King Charles with wanting to be Camilla Parker Bulls as Tampa packs to Marla Maple. So, I mean, you know, it just never stopped. And I think there were these female archetypes that were really in the mix at the time that many of us felt like, well that's just what you needed to be like.


So you were either fending off rapacious men and being like, oh, he, he, he, you know, like, no, no, no. Or you were this like MFE who could never get enough. It's interesting 'cause I feel like I'm hearing you speak as a cultural critic, which you are, you know, looking back on this era. But when you were in the era at the moment, it felt like, I'm hearing you say sex was everywhere and you wanted to be a part of it. Does that feel fair to say like in the moment Yes. When you didn't have the zoom out perspective of now it was like sex is everywhere and I wanna jump in. Yes. And I wanted to jump in and I did. And I had many partners and I took many morning after pills and I had many STD tests because it was the era of aids and condoms broke.


And you know, I remember the sex and the city era where it was threesomes are the new blow jobs. Right. So things were just getting more and more extreme and suddenly every guy around the turn of the millennium wanted a threesome. I don't think anybody really liked those threesomes, frankly. And I Don't know when listeners write in, Yes listeners, please write in. Back then it felt like every single thing existed for male titillation. Yeah. And I was part of that. And yes, it was exhausting. I didn't know it at the time. I just thought sex is something you do all the time.


It's tiring. Maybe you don't enjoy it that much, but you do it and you do it 'cause you're a sexy woman. It's weird things like that. Hmm. I know from your article that you met your husband in your twenties and you two were together for 21 years. How did your relationship to sex evolve once you got married? My story was very much sidetracked by the fact that at the age of 32, I became catastrophically ill with a really rare condition called spontaneous cerebral spinal fluid leak syndrome. Mm.


I was very, very ill for many, many, many years at some points, you know, confined to a declined bed with my head lower than my chest. I mean, really, really could not, oh my gosh. Could not move. And, and in a lot of pain because when you have no spinal fluid, you have no cushion around your brain, which means that your brain is clanking against your skull all the time. So it was not an easy way to live yet. You figure things out, That toughness comes back, The toughness comes back. So within the marriage, we had two kids, I very much raised them from bed. My ex-husband did a lot of heavy lifting. There was always some help in the house too.


That was hard. Being sick and a young mother and also displaced at one point to a new city, we had to move to Toronto. That was extremely hard. So the overwhelm of, you know, just living in a long committed relationship with two young children and my health being what it was, did not create, you know, the best conditions to have the best sex life. And so there were many, many years, which were just years of survival, I would say. Did you ever think that things might change for you? Like did you fantasize about having a healthy body again?


I think that like on every level, let's call it top of the brain, no, I felt like I was never going to get better and never going to be cured. Did I think that I would experience pleasure in life again, joy in life again, bodily pleasure, even sexual interest? Yes. Because I never really lost that. It just kind of went under for a while, huh. But then if I'm gonna talk about a bit lower down in my body, some kind of like different self knowledge, I think that I always somewhere believed or had some notion that somehow I was going to get out of the thing that I had been told I was never going to get out of.


Did you picture what that life on the other side would look like in particularly like, because this is a conversation ultimately about your sex life. Did you picture what your sex would look like on the other side? Like what was the best case scenario? When my ex-husband and I divorced, I really thought that I was going to live a very quiet life of Orange Pico Tea and Masterpiece Theater and taking care of my children. And once in a while, having a nice dinner with a friend and reading a lot of good books and taking walks, and that was what life was going to be like for me.


Hmm. In a way, I was accepting an older version of what it meant to be middle aged, which means that middle age is kind of the opening to senescence. You know, it's the opening to becoming an old person, you know what I mean? Gray hair with a cane, whatever. I had a cane. Right. So, you know, so I had that kind of idea that that's what would happen post-divorce. And instead what happened was that my life exploded in a detonation of sex confetti.


Well that is, I could picture us going to break right there. We'll be right back to hear about the explosion of sex that Maray ended up having in her late forties. Stay with us.


If you find yourself bewildered by this moment where there's so much reason for despair and so much reason to hope all at the same time, lemme say I hear you. I'm Ezra Klein from New York Times opinion host of the Ezra Klein Show. And for me, the best way to beat back that bewildered feeling is to talk it out with the people who have ideas and frameworks for making sense of it. There is going to be plenty to talk about. You can find the Ezra Klein show wherever you get your podcasts.


So you told our team that over a period of, of many years dealing with this illness, you had spinal surgery 12 times. Is that correct? And it, and it didn't work. Yeah. But right after you got divorced, this frankly miraculous that is not too strong a word. It is miraculous thing happened where you tried the surgery one more time and it did work. Were you, what was that like for you having dealt with this for over a decade? I think I felt very much like Rip Van Winkle in a way. You know, like I was emerging from a long sleep or like I was some weird raw worm kind of emerging from the earth blinking like what in the world is going on?


I went from being someone who had been chronically, chronically ill for 15 years to somebody who had a cushion around her brain and could jump and could run and could be physically embodied in ways that were completely impossible. And that happened in the span of under one hour on an operating table where I was awake. Wow. On, on fentanyl, but awake. But suddenly I was in my late forties. I was free of marriage. My children were not babies anymore, and I had my body for the first time since I was 32 years old.


Mm. And the level of gratitude at just being able to even carry my own groceries or wear flip flops. Mm. Because I could never wear flat shoes before. Wow. Like, I can't even describe to you. So you could imagine the level of gratitude and the level of wonder I had at being able to re-encounter sex with that newly fixed body. Can you describe one of the first times you had sex after your marriage? What was that like for you? I'm trying to think of the right words.


I mean, it was, it was just wonderful. Like, it was wonderful. And I think like a lot of the, like, not to intellectualize too much, but like, it was really fabulous to see, like, I still had the interest, everything still worked. My body still looked nice, maybe because it had been preserved in Amber from so many years of like just being stuck in bed, just laying down, you know? And I found that like I was really interested in taking up again where quote unquote, I had left off in my mid twenties. Wow. In these first, you know, sort of sexual encounters after divorce, what surprised you about yourself?


What surprised me about myself was how easy it was for me to embark on a new life when everything was really quite against me. Hmm. Single mom still carrying some illness. Like, it's not like everything disappeared, disappeared, disappeared, right. So it's like, you know, still a lot of issues, money issues. I'm a working journalist, so there was a lot that kind of could paint this picture of it being very hard. It was also COVID.


It was not an easy time in the world. And while all of that is certainly true, and yet I saw opportunities in this life stage, Hmm. I saw opportunities that were possible both in bed and outside of bed. Hmm. Some new power that I seemed to own that I was kind of shocked at. I, I was completely surprised. It blindsided me, to be honest. What was that power? Well, First of all, my libido was as high as it was when I was in my twenties. So that was a hell yeah. Complete surprise. That was a complete surprise. And I really did not see that coming. But the other thing that was so wonderful was that I didn't give a fuck as much as I did in my twenties about like, you know, does my butt look big?


I mean, now we want our butts to look bigger, so that's useful because in the nineties nobody wanted a very big butt. Right. So it's like whatever, you know, a bit more forgiving. But you know, the body positivity hit me too. And I was just letting my freak flag fly If things, I've got a cesarean scar, you know, whatever, it was all fine. And I didn't have issues with it. And I felt sexy that way, even with, you know, all of the signs of age very much upon me. So that was a surprise. But the other thing that was a surprise was the ability to bring the layered knowledge that you accumulate reaching your fifties or reaching your late forties to the bedroom.


And I found that having that type of mind or mind body situation made me much more playful and made me much less self-conscious and made me out for kind of like adventures in bed that I really don't think I would've entertained so easily in the cool nineties. Were you surprised by your own desires? And what were they? I mean, my desire was just to have sex nonstop as much as I possibly could for a really long time. That that really, that really that really happened. But I, I mean, I imagine it, it must have also been a little intimidating to put yourself out there.


I mean, it had been 20 years since you'd been on the dating scene. What was that new scene like? Well, I feel that this is a huge part of the story. And this is part of a story which is not about Gen X. This is part of the story that is about Gen Z and millennials who have created a sexual landscape that is more fair, more open, more accepting, more consent culture, body positivity, gender questioning. All of these things are because of generations younger than my own. Right. And so encountering this new landscape where you could question your gender in bed or you could, you know, be okay with your cesarean scar or your boobs looking old, or having a big ass or whatever your hangup would've been in 1997, that's okay.


Right. And also just the fact that you can go and buy a clitoral stimulator at Walmart that, that's crazy like that, that exists. You could just do that. Huh. That's insane to me that I can go to the pharmacy and like buy a pint of milk, you know, some deodorant and like a coch ring. Yeah. Is really, to me, feels incredibly new and incredibly kind of great. Yeah. Is it safe to say you weren't just having sex and having a lot of it, you were having really good sex? I was having the best sex of my life. Boom. Yeah. Tell me why.


Because I was a woman with a long career behind her because I was a woman who had endured a decade and a half of catastrophic illness because I was a woman with two children who needed me because I was a woman who knew who her girlfriends were because I could earn my own way. And all of those things conspired came together. And it is a place of privilege, I will say that for sure. You know, but conspire. But for many years I was absolutely not in a place of privilege. Mm. Right. So all these things conspired together to create a self-knowledge that followed me into the bedroom.


Hell yes. Hell yes. What did you feel comfortable doing or asking for in the bedroom that gave you this experience of the best sex of your life? Like what is a specific way that empowerment was channeled? Well, for one thing, I think I felt comfortable asking for sex. Yeah. Which I'm not sure in my younger years, I was that comfortable doing. I don't know if I was such a first move maker. And so that changed. And that's a huge change. Right. So certainly more comfortable asking for it, more comfortable asking for what I wanted. But I think the big thing, and you know, any woman who's been in a locker room, I know it's a cliche to talk about like middle aged women being naked in locker rooms and not caring.


It's like the younger women are like, I Mean, to the YMCA baby, I understand it. Yeah, totally. Yeah. The younger women are covering themselves up, or like, you know, going into the stall and the older women are just walking around letting everything hang out. But I mean that, that's true in the bedroom as well. Right. And so I think a lot of it was just confidence. When I actually think of the sex acts that I've been engaging in. I mean, you know, they're good, but they're not like, so off the wall where I'm like hanging from chandeliers, you know, by clamps and straps. Like there's not, that's, that's not what's going on here. What's going on here is feeling truly sensual. Yeah.


And not being a bashed about about it. Mm. Like not being embarrassed or kind of weeny or kind of like, ooh. Like yeah. I think all of that just creates a kind of place of comfort. And once you're comfortable in the bedroom or comfortable in yourself, it kind of opens things up for experimentation. Yeah. You know, I was never much of a talker when I was young. Now I'm like talking, Are you dirty Talking? I'm talking, yes. I'm saying all kinds of ridiculous things. So yes. You know, stuff like that. Stuff like that. Stuff Like that. She trails off. She's thinking about something. I can tell.


I mean, at what point did you realize that this kind of sexual resurgence you were feeling wasn't just your story alone? Of course you have all these unique aspects to your story, your illness, you know, your divorce. But can you tell me what made you realize like, maybe this isn't just a me thing, maybe this is actually a Gen X thing, maybe this is a generational thing. Well, what was the moment that you started to realize that? I think It was when other girlfriends of mine divorced and had similar stories. Like they were having bang and sex. Yes. Yes. They divorced and then they partnered up pretty quickly and started having sex and having conversations about how their partner enjoys anal Lingus or you know, this stuff.


And I'm like, how am I sitting around at 50 or whatever it was with a girlfriend who's the same age as me. And we're sitting in our Gen X uniform of the mother jeans with the Levi's shirt tucked into the jeans. And I love that look. Thank you. And the, the the, I wear the same thing every day and my, the slightly graying hair, and we're sitting around talking about, you know, Licking someone's butt, Licking someone's butt. So, you know, it was just like, I, it's, it was really a moment. I mean, so let's talk about that moment. Like what had, what had changed for you and your girlfriends that made these things you were talking about?


Even possible Divorcing later is a huge piece of the puzzle. I divorced in my late forties and divorce is often a catalyst for sexual exploration among women. And what was interesting was that, well, even If you divorce really late, that still holds true. Huh. And so I think that's a big part of the story. So I noticed this among my girlfriends and then very, very quickly I began noticing it in the culture and noticing it in the culture. I just saw the same things that everybody else has seen this year. I had a, a Netflix scrolling bar served to me called Grown Ass Women Living Their Best Lives, which was filled from top to bottom with these kind of, almost made for TV ish type movies.


Like whatever the Made for Netflix type movies, movies about grown ass women having affairs with younger men. That seemed to be like a big theme. So there was a lot of that. There was one with Laura Dern, there was one with Nicole Kidman. There was suddenly just a lot of material. And so taking that along with my own experience and what I was seeing with the women around me, it just seemed like, well, this is a moment. Mm. I mean, I wanna get back to the Gen X of it. All those movies you're talking about, are they real, like women in their forties and fifties tend to have a lot of responsibility.


How are some of them also having amazing sex as your article describes? I think that with women my age, I'm just going to coin something called owning the Hot Mess. I love that grown ass women owning the hot mess, Grown ass women owning the hot mess. I think that there is, with all of the responsibilities and all of the sleeplessness and difficulty, and kids are glued to the sides of our body now as they've never been before, parenting is much more intensive for the women my age who are still parents to kids who haven't flown the coop yet.


And yet in all of that, there is also an amount of power and amount of mastery. So yes, it's a mess and we're running from thing to thing to thing to thing. And yet part of this mess has to do with the fact that we've got this mess because we can handle it. Mm. And so I think that the 50-year-old woman mattering in society that translates to the bedroom Right now, it's been five years since your divorce. Has anything changed for you in terms of your, your sex life? Are you still in this sort of voracious stage you were in immediately post-divorce?


Have have things shifted in some way? Yeah, I mean, things have settled down for sure. Also, like, I do wanna say this, like menopause does have an effect. And I am in menopause now, and my li libido has actually like become a bit less voracious. It's still there, it's still great, but like things can take a bit longer. I have to like work a bit more to get to places that were just very easy and natural to get to even five years ago. And that's fine. It's all part of the process. Because I also find that the fleetingness of this middle aged moment is part of its specialness and part of its poignancy. What do you want your love life and your sex life to look like as you enter this new phase as you enter menopause?


I wanna do whatever feels natural. Mm. Right now, still having a pretty healthy sex life feels natural. It doesn't feel like a burden. It doesn't feel bad. It still feels great, but when it doesn't anymore, I would like to have that same confidence, that same self knowledge, and that same power within myself to say, okay, I don't really feel like doing that so much anymore, or my priorities shifted, or, you know, maybe I, I don't know, wanna do it once a month or not at all. Or yeah, I don't know, you know? But I just want the journey to be organic in that way. And the answer truly is, I don't know, because I never would've thought that this was happening to me in my fifties.


Huh. So I can't really imagine what my sixties are gonna be like. Especially because for most of my adult life, I didn't think I was gonna reach my sixties. Man, I'm excited for you. Me too. I'm gonna say a crazy thing that one friend said to me, and I don't know if this is true, but she said that I was fucked back to life. I wanna center that in you. So it's like I fucked myself back to life, period. Exactly. Ma Soff, thank you so much for talking to me today. Thank you. It was really a pleasure.


I loved it. This episode of Modern Love was produced by Sarah Curtis. It was edited by Gianna Palmer and our executive producer Jen Poyant, production Management by Christina Joseph. The Modern Love theme music is by Dan Powell. Original music in this episode by Alicia Etu, Rowan au and Dan Powell. This episode is mixed by Daniel Ramirez with studio support from Maddie Maiello and Nick Pittman.


Special thanks to Larissa Anderson, Mahima Choi, Jeffrey Miranda and Paula Schumann. The Modern Love column is edited by Daniel Jones. Mia Lee is the editor of Modern Love Projects. If you wanna submit an essay or a tiny love story to The New York Times, we'll have the instructions in our show notes. I'm Anna Martin. Thanks for listening.