
Support for this podcast comes from Instagram. Raising a teenager is complicated. If you're talking to your teen about using social media and technology, you should know that Instagram introduced teen accounts with built-in limits. New automatic protections for teens include restrictive anti-bullying features, which filter out offensive words and phrases from comments and dms. With Instagram teen accounts, teens will be placed in the strictest messaging settings and can only be messaged by people they're already connected to. Teens under 16 will need parental permission to change these settings. To learn more, visit instagram.com/teen accounts


From New York Times. I'm m Michael Bobro. This is The Daily. Over the past few weeks, the resistance of a single Republican senator has threatened to derail Donald Trump's controversial choice of Pete Hegseth to run the Department of Defense today, Corrin diversion. And Jonathan Swan, with the story of how Trump and his allies ensured that that senator's resistance quickly went away.


It's Monday, December 16th. Karin, in your role as a congressional reporter, you have been closely tracking the fate of Trump's pick to run the US military, Pete Hegseth, A pick that was controversial from the start, but has become only more controversial over the past couple of weeks. Right. I think everyone was pretty surprised when President-elect Trump picked a Fox News host to be his next Secretary of Defense. And the surprise turned into discomfort for a lot of people and shock as allegations started coming out about these fairly sorted details from his past.


First, it was an accusation that he had committed sexual assault, and then after that it became this article for the New Yorker, which alleged that he was drinking on the job and harassing female employees and was mismanaging the veterans nonprofits that he was running. In the middle of all that, there was this email that cropped up that his mother had written him in 2018, calling him an abuser of women and telling him what a reprehensible person he was. And so as that mountain of allegations grew, there started to be more senators, including some Trump's allies who started to express real discomfort with having to back this guy, or at least with the fact that they were having to, to grapple with these allegations and you know, calling them disturbing, calling them troublesome.


And that's a problem for Trump because even though Senate Republicans are going to take the majority in the New Year, it's a very slim majority. They cannot afford to lose more than three of their own if they actually want to get these nominees confirmed. And it becomes clear that there's really one senator who has the potential to swing things one way or another. It's a senator whose whole brand basically has been built on these issues around which Hegseth is having problems with these allegations. And that senator is Joni Ernst of Iowa. Well just explain that. Tell us about Senator Joni Ernst and how her career ends up so at odds with HX F.


So, when Joni Ernst runs for the Senate a decade ago, a centerpiece of her campaign is the fact that she's a combat veteran and she's one of the first generation of female combat veterans and she's actually becomes the first female combat veteran to serve in the Senate. There have been others since, but she breaks that glass ceiling that becomes a big part of her resume and a reason that people look to her on defense issues. A couple years later she talks about how she was a victim of sexual assault and this becomes this very, you know, raw disclosure that she writes about in her memoir that is discussed publicly and she becomes a figure again, you know, rare in the Republican party that a woman would step forward and start to discuss this all very personally.


Thank you. Senator Hendrich. Senator Ernst. Thank you, Mr. Chair. General Heen. You have been nominated to be the second highest ranking military officer in the United States In 2019. She breaks with her party to oppose the nomination of John Heen, who's up to become Vice chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I have reviewed the evidence as well as your performance while serving as the Stratcom commander. He's been accused by a subordinate of sexual assault and her whole party waves him through and she says, no, I'm not gonna do that. The Facts of left me with concerns regarding your judgment, leadership, and fitness to serve as the next Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff. So I, Two years after that, she's joining with Kirsten Gillibrand to rally support for a bill that is trying to address how sexual assault cases in the military are adjudicated.


It had been in the chain of command for, and they were trying to take it outta the chain of command so that victims wouldn't have their cases basically muzzled if it was inconvenient to their unit. And she really opens the floodgates for more Republicans to say, okay, I'm on board with this. Abuse is not something you can just simply forget. It stays with you forever. And I know this personally. And so she basically build this brand where people look to her in the GOP and Democrats consider her a partner and an ally for talking about these issues of women's experience in the military for bringing to light various sexual assault issues.


And then Trump picks he who is accused of sexually assaulting and harassing women, and oh, by the way, has said publicly, he doesn't believe women should serve in combat roles. And Joni Ernst is a combat veteran. So there's just a lot of tension and clashing there between her resume and what she stands for and the allegations against him and the problems that are associated with his pick. Well, so given her role as a Republican leader on all of these issues, issues that do not seem to align with Heg Seth's biography and these accusations that he faces, what is ER's response to Hegseth being tapped to run the military?


Well, the, the day that Hegseth is announced as Trump's pick, I caught her in the hallway of the basement of the Capitol and asked her what she thought, and she said he's gonna have his work cut out for him. At that point, we didn't even know all these allegations against him, but as the allegations began to mount, she became that much more resolute of, I will talk to him, but very, very clearly not saying anything nice about him. And this all leads to a whole lot of scrutiny and focus on the first in-person meeting they have Peg Seth goes to her office for a sit down and comes out and he talks to reporters, but she doesn't really say anything else except for, okay, we met yesterday, You had a significant meeting with Pete Hegseth, our former colleague, and Right now, and then she goes on Fox News the next morning and the host kind of has to drag it out of her.


But he basically, after asking her about the meeting, he says, Okay, it doesn't sound on your answer that you've gotten to a yes if I'm wrong about that. It doesn't sound like you got to Yes yet. And she says, that's right. Hmm. I think you are right. I think for a number of our senators, they wanna make sure that any allegations have been cleared. And that's why we have to have a very thorough vetting process. And that's why I was happy to sit down with Pete and have that conversation with him, Which is a pretty big confession of uneasiness. And it just kind of confirms what everybody was sensing, which is that she's not okay with this guy. So quite understandably, this senator who has led her party on all these issues like sexual assault, is deciding that these accusations against him might be disqualifying.


And she's saying so on of all networks, Fox News, which she and everyone else in the Republican party know that the President elect watches so closely. Correct. And what Ernst is expressing is something that a lot of people in the GOP are starting to feel and worry about, and AIDS start to whisper that, you know, this nomination might just be dead already. Because if Joni Ernst can't get to Yes. How can other people cross her? She's been such a moral leader on these issues that are of concern to HEGs. Hmm. And so that's trickling up to the Trump team and there's this general sense that if they can't get Ernst on board, then Hegseth really doesn't have a path to being confirmed.


After the break, My colleague Jonathan Swan on how ERNs resistance triggered a MAGA swarm that has brought Hegseth back from the brink, we'll be right back.


No matter how much you talk to your teen about how they use social media and technology, it's not always easy to control how much time they spend on it. That's why Instagram's new teen accounts include built in time limit reminders. My name is Kareem and I have a teenage son. I tell him, if there is no physical time, there's no digital time. And what that means is you gotta do what's important for you. Instagram teen accounts automatically include time limit reminders, telling 'em to leave the app after 60 minutes each day. And if parents wanna be more involved, they can enable stricter limits as needed. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


After the movie, free Willie became a hit word got out that the star of the film, a killer whale named Caco, was sick and still living in a tiny pool in a Mexican amusement park. Fans were outraged, kids demanded his release. I'm Daniel Alarcon from Serial Productions in The New York Times Comes The Good Whale, a story about the wildly ambitious science experiment to return Caco to the ocean. Listen to new episodes on Thursdays. Want early access to the whole show? Subscribe to the Times at ny times.com/podcast to listen on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.


So Jonathan, as Heg Seth's path becomes messier and messier, and he's kind of just flapping in the wind there with senators like Joni Ernst saying she can't get behind him. What's happening inside Trump world? Well, Trump himself is starting to have second thoughts about Serf. I was actually in Palm Beach two weeks ago when this is all happening, meeting with Trump officials, talking to advisors of his, and I can't overstate to you how universal the view was in Trump's inner circle that Hegseth was done.


Hmm. Donald Trump was criticizing him behind his back saying, you know, he could have told me about all this stuff. You know, he was seeing the negative stories, he wasn't happy about them. And so Trump actually starts to think about picking a replacement for Hegseth, The ultimate sign that he's done with you. Totally. And he started to court Ron DeSantis. And We should just say that is surprising, not just because it means Trump is writing off Pete Hesap, but because he has hated DeSantis. I mean, DeSantis went against him. They destroyed him in that campaign. That is a very unexpected alternative.


They didn't only defeat him, it was personal, as you say. And for many people on Trump's team, it's deeply personal. They, Susie Wiles, who's gonna come in as Trump's chief of staff, used to work for Ron DeSantis, left on very bad terms with him. There are others on the team who used to work for him. None of them like Ron DeSantis. So as soon as Trump's advisors realize that he's actually serious about the DeSantis idea, there is a panic. Many people go into gear of how do we kill this? At the same time, there are others in Trump's orbit, some of the same people, but different people like Steve Bannon and and others who thought that there was actually something larger at play.


Hmm. That if he allowed Pete Hegseth to be blocked by Senate Republicans, that would set the tone for the rest of his administration. That was the argument that they were making to Trump indirectly, in some cases directly. But basically what they were saying was, you already let one person go. Matt Gaetz. Matt Gaetz, right? Trump put up Matt Gaetz for Attorney General, which horrified Republicans. And within a very short period of time, it became clear that he wasn't gonna have the votes. And he quit. People like Steve Bannon and others in Trump's all but thought that was a really bad message. They thought at a minimum, strategically they should have kept Matt Gaetz in because him soaking up all the media attention and controversy actually is useful because Trump has a whole bunch of other controversial picks and they can slide through with less media attention.


But also letting him quit was a bad idea in terms of setting the terms of Trump's return to Washington in terms of the power template, in terms of Trump saying, I'm the king around here. So what they wanted to do with Hgsf, they decided very quickly, like within 24 hours was we're gonna turn him into a cause. We're gonna make him sort of a Brett Kavanaugh type figure. Hmm. And we are gonna make this a litmus test for Republicans defying Donald Trump. And if you dare step out of line, the mob is gonna come for you. The online mob, the pressure, the constituents, we are going to make you toxic with the Republican base.


So what might have begun as a bunch of people around Trump kind of revolting against the idea of Ron DeSantis as the next Secretary of Defense morphs into this larger objection to the idea that Trump would back down again on one of his picks for the cabinet and show weakness in a way that might completely shape his presidency. Exactly. So what does it actually look like once team Trump decides we are not gonna back down, and actually we're gonna go on the offense here? Well, two things happened. One, Pete Hegseth and his team decide they're gonna abandon the sort of traditional Washington playbook of keeping your head down, talking to senators, but not making this a huge spectacle.


Trump wanted to see a spectacle. He, he, he picked Hegseth in the first place. 'cause he liked watching him on Fox News. So right. Trump encouraged Hegseth to get out there. What you're seeing right now with me is the art of the smear. It is the classic art of the smear. Hegseth does these sort of defiant interviews and performances, Take whatever tiny kernels of truth and there are ti tiny, tiny ones in there and blow them up into a, a masquerade of a narrative about somebody that I'm definitely not and what they never, And P'S mother, Penelope Heg had joins us live on the set to tell us what she wanted to tell us. You called us yesterday and you said you wanted to come on.


I Did. I Said, his mother goes on Fox and Friends say, Is I am here to tell the truth to the American people and tell the truth to the senators on the hill, especially our female senators In, in this highly unusual performance. And I wrote that in haste. I wrote that with deep emotions. I wrote that as a parent Where she renounces a letter she sent him in 2018 where she took him to task for his treatment of women. I don't believe any of that is true, any of it. And I'm here. I wouldn't be sitting on this in this chair today if I didn't believe that about my son. Right. How's The family?


And then the second part is basically, you know, it's an intimidation strategy. Hmm. It's, we need to get our most powerful allies in terms of who has the biggest following with the Republican base, who are most effective at whipping up anger and emotion in the base and set them onto the wavering Senators and Senator Joni Ernst of Iowa became their number one target. She was seen as the biggest problem. So all pressure was focused on her, obviously others too. But she was the focal point. And what does it look like for Senator Ernst to be the focus of, of this campaign You are in for another tea party revolution?


We're getting tired of this shit. You had influential MAGA figures with huge audiences. I mean, these people have millions and, you know, millions of followers between them As Senator Ernst. Just gotta understand. I mean, you gotta get with the program here, People like Steve Bannon, this is The red line. This is not, this is not a joke. Everybody. The funding Is the radio host Charlie Cook. And look, I get it, that senator's got their various processes that they gotta go through that, that's fine, that's all well and good. But eventually they gotta get to the point where they can say yes. And The Bright Breitbart reporter, Matt Boyle, Senator Ernst is the big one here, Joni Ernst from Iowa, All of these people, they all start going after her. You go up against Pete Hegseth the president repeatedly then.


Don't be surprised. Joni Ernst, all of a sudden you got a primary challenge in Iowa. Don't be surprised. People like Kirk were threatening to recruit a primary challenger against. So remember she's gonna be running again in 2026. So this carries real weight. The funding is already been put together. Donors are calling like crazy. Primaries are going to be launched. I mean, it, it, it's feral. Nothing is off the table. Get on the phone and start tweeting at Joni Ernst. They sent threatening posts on social media. They urged their listeners on their radio shows to pressure Ernst and to call her congressional office. Get on the phone folks. This stuff matters.


And that then kicks off this whole movement and it gets really personal and close to home. You had people online scraping up information about her ostensibly from her divorce and making it public. This is what I mean by ferreal. You know, Brenna Byrd, who's the popular attorney general of Iowa, she writes this opinion column in Breitbart News saying that Washington politicians are trying to obstruct Trump's administration. And she didn't mention Ernst, but her message was very clear. I mean, coming from someone of her stature in the state, that was a really big deal. And then you had the money side.


America needs a defense secretary, who knows what it means to fight. So you have this dark money group that Elon Musk has used for political spending. That group starts running digital ads in Iowa. Call your senator today and urge them to confirm Pete HF or Secretary of Defense Calling on people to urge their senator to vote for Hsf and no prizes for guessing which senator the ads were referring to. Right? So it's all of the above. It's the threat of big money coming in against you. You know, with, with Musk and his billionaire friends. It's people in the state that have real power.


Brenna Byrd. And then it's the most influential figures on the right to have real followings and have the ability to activate the most intense faction within the Trump base. Very unpleasant. It makes your life miserable if you are a sitting senator. And that's what comes down on you. Right. And the message that they're sending her via this onslaught from all sides seems to be Senator Ernst, if you like being in the US Senate as a Republican from Iowa. If you don't want us to find someone to run against you, if you don't want your phones ringing off the hook and our Trump MAGA base turning against you, you should probably just find a way to get behind Pete Hsf as Secretary of Defense.


'cause then all of this will probably go Away. That's right. And none of these people would say this, but it's absolutely a fact that when pressure campaigns like this happen, there's the fear of some crazy supporter committing an act of violence or coming up to you and harassing you in person. Hmm. I mean, it's a factor. It's a factor in this era. So how does Ernst respond to all of this? I mean, I've seen these pressure campaigns before from Trump's movement, and this might be the fastest effect that I've ever seen.


Met with defense secretary nominee Pete Hegseth for a second time. Within 72 hours after this campaign really kicked off, she meets with him again and she puts out this statement and her language was unrecognizable. Following our encouraging conversations, Pete committed to completing a full audit of the Pentagon and selecting a senior official who will uphold the roles and value of our servicemen and women. He will continue, she says, to support the roles of both service men and women. As I support Pete through this process And as I support Pete through this process.


Huh. So that's, I mean, very different. She's now saying she's supporting him through this process. Hmm. The second half of the statement was even more remarkable. I look forward to a fair hearing based on truth not anonymous sources. I Look forward to a hearing based on truth, not anonymous sources. So that those last three words, those are the talking points of the Trump team. I mean to say a hearing based on truth, not anonymous sources. You're essentially setting up two categories. You're saying there are statements that are true and there are statements or accusations made by anonymous sources that are therefore false. And so by doing that, given that the accusations against Pete, Seth are from anonymous sources, you, you are invalidating on its face, the accusations against Pete Hegseth.


And the fact that she's willing to support me through this process means a lot. And I, And pretty quickly we saw Hegseth make some comments that indicate that he seems to believe he's got her vote. And I also want an opportunity here to clarify comments that have been misconstrued that I somehow don't support women in the military. Now it, it's worth noting in this statement, hegseth also seemed to back off his earlier position about not supporting women in the military. Some of our greatest warriors are best warriors out there are women. And ERT says, this is based on a pledge he made to her in that second meeting. It, it's all a little vague, but essentially this is why she claims she's softening her position on him.


That he's made concessions on issues that matter to her. And to be clear, she's still not coming right out and saying he absolutely has her vote. But she certainly seems to have reversed course and put herself in a situation where at this point it's very hard to imagine her backing out. She would if she did that, be a pariah with the MAGA base. They would make sure of that. And just from her actions so far, it seems pretty clear that she wants to stay on the right side of the Trump movement. So this ends up becoming a pretty extraordinary demonstration of the president-elect power.


Absolutely. And and when I talk to people close to President-elect Trump and, and people who work for him, people on the outside allies, they already see this as a resounding success. You know, they will say, look, who knows, maybe more accusations will come out against Pete Xf. Maybe we end up losing four senators and he goes down. But even if that happens, they see this as a cautionary tale for Republicans. They are putting Republicans on notice that they're not gonna tolerate dissent. They're not gonna tolerate opposition to Donald Trump during his return to Washington. And by making such a fight of this, by publicly forcing these senators to bend the knee, they are creating a template for what we're likely to see next year.


As Trump tries to pass legislation, as he inevitably does controversial things that will make some senators squeamish, the Trump team is sending out the message. Now, there will be a very steep cost if you go against Donald Trump. Well, Jonathan, thank you very much. Thanks for having me. On Sunday, the Republican campaign to rally support for Pete Hef continued Senator Lindsey Graham, a close Trump ally, said that Hef has agreed to release the woman who accused him of sexual assault from a confidential legal settlement that Graham told NBC news would allow his accuser to come forward publicly with her allegations and let senators evaluate whether or not they are true.


He's given me his side of the story. It makes sense to me. I believe him. Unless somebody's willing to come forward, I think he's gonna get through. We'll be right back.


No matter how carefully you pay attention to your teen's online activity, you can't always control everything. So you should know that Instagram's new teen accounts have built in limits on the content they see. I'm Nicole Lopez. First and foremost, I'm a mom. I also oversee safety policy at Meta across all of our apps, including Instagram. We wanna reassure parents that on their side, when it comes to keeping their teens safe online, Instagram teen accounts automatically limit the type of sensitive content that teens might see in places like Explore and Reels. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


Hey everyone, it's ISTed Herndon, political reporter for The New York Times. When I became a journalist, I made a promise to my readers like the way the doctors take an oath to their patients. I committed to make sure I'm getting to the truth no matter which party, business, organization, or person I'm reporting on. That's what The New York Times has been doing for more than a century. We believe the public deserves the right to make up their mind based on the facts. If you wanna support this kind of work, you can subscribe to The New York Times at n by times.com/subscribe.


Here's what else you need to Notre Day. Over the weekend, south Korea's legislature voted to impeach the country's leader, president Yunes, as punishment for his decision to impose martial law on the country. The vote, which immediately strips you of his presidential powers, was met with cheers in the streets of South Korea's capital. Y's martial law decree issued on December 3rd, lasted only six hours, but it threw South Korea's democracy into chaos and triggered massive public protests.


Y's fate now rests with South Korea's constitutional court, which will decide within the next six months whether to reinstate or formally remove him from office. Today's episode was produced by Rob Zko, Luke Vander bloke and Asta Vedi with help from Nina Feldman. It was edited by Rachel Quester and Devon Taylor contains original music by Dan Powell, pat McCusker and Marian Lasano, and was engineered by Chris Wood. Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder.


That's it for the day. I'm m Michael Bobro. See you tomorrow.


Support For this podcast comes from Instagram. My kids are teenagers and we spend a lot of time talking about the do's and don'ts of social media. Let's just say conversations are plentiful in our household. I tell him if there is no physical time, there's no digital time. Instagram's new teen accounts are designed to help parents and teens navigate their lives online together with new built-in limits and automatic protections for teens age 13 to 17 on who can contact them and the content they see. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.