
This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it


From The New York Times. I'm Michael Bobro. This is The Daily Fallout spreads from the controversial rhetoric at Donald Trump's Madison Square Garden. Rally In. the final week of the race for president Donald Trump's closing argument to voters appeared to backfire. So anger, frustration, disgust, A closing carnival of grievances, misogyny, and racism. It was so incredibly crude. Kamala Harris seized on abortion with a message aimed at men, former First Lady Michelle Obama speaking to male voters there with the message, we as women will become collateral damage to your wage.


Does that help get votes for Kamala Harris And fears about election interference were fueled by burning ballots across three states. Hundreds of ballots stuffed in drop boxes went up in flames on the West coast and now the search is on for whoever set that fire Today. I talked to all of that with three of my colleagues, national Political correspondents, Lisa Lair and Shane Gold Macher, and the host of the Runup podcast, Ted Herndon. It's Wednesday, October 30th. Well, friends, it is finally happened.


This is our final campaign round table before the election. Sniffs sniff. All good things must come to an end. Ted Herndon Shale mocker is still there. Hey, thank you very much for marking this historic moment with us. We really appreciate it. A very quick note on our timing here. We are having this conversation at around noon on Tuesday before Vice President Kamala Harris delivers a very big speech on the National Mall tonight. We will talk about that here, of course, showcasing your collective predictive powers or lack thereof. So let us jump in. I think that we have to start with the closing argument that we have heard in the form of Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden.


Shane, you were there. Yeah. This was quite an event and it was an event that his campaign had billed as a big speech for him. This is a place, an arena that he had talked about wanting to go, and he pulled together basically the breadth of the current Republican party showing how much it is now, the MAGA movement. Yeah. Not to mention 20,000 people in the capital of Blue State America. Yeah. And, and it was filled with red hats and people were excited. The first, like three or four people I talked to in the hallways had come from out of state. This was a sort of a mecca moment. Trump taking over the middle of this blue city. And they were really hopeful and excited for this. I was also there literally eating popcorn with Shane.


We had a very large box of popcorn because this was a show. Hmm. I mean this was like lights. It was splashy. It was very long. I think I was there for nine hours and I think Shane was there for even nine hours, Even Longer. Speaker after speaker talked about how particularly emotional this was for the Trump family because you got this sense that they felt that their father had built New York pointing to all his buildings and projects in the city. And that New York, a deeply blue state, had cast him out, had persecuted him. This was the narrative that came up again and again. And now they were back. And it was supposed to be this hugely triumphant moment designed to show the scale and the reach of what they believe their father and Trump himself believes he has built, which is a movement.


And Then, And then, so They had this huge list of speakers, right? It was like, I saw this run of show beforehand. I was like, wow, this is a lot of people. And they had a section called the Hype Acts and it was a series of people and it started with a comedian who made a series of beyond off collar remarks, just pure racism. And this is a person speaking at an event that the Trump campaign has built is one of the most important on the middle of the stage with Trump's name on it, making jokes about Puerto Rico. Let, let's play actually. Yeah. From this comedian, There's A lot going on. Like, I don't know if you guys know this, but there's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now.


Yeah. I think it's called Puerto Rico. Okay. Even the audience seems to recognize, you can hear it that this has gone too far. Right. And from that point, it was a series of speakers who made a number of off color and racist, sometimes misogynistic comments. Tucker Carlson got up there and made a couple, I guess they were supposed to be cracks, but they were fairly racist cracks about Harris's race and gender. Can we just play that because I, I think hearing all this collectively is what gives it its power. This is what Tucker Carlson said about the vice president, the Democratic nominee. It's Gonna be pretty hard to look at us and say, you know what, Kamala Harris, she's just, she got 85 million votes because she's just so impressive as the first Samoan Malaysian blow iq, former California prosecutor ever to be elected president.


It was just a groundswell of popular support. What, what is he, what is he doing Being racist? He's manufacturing racial identity. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I also think for Korea, Like the Harris campaign, obviously formerly the Biden campaign has thought for the last two years that come the end of this election, the Trump campaign would re remind America of its extremism. And it's who the Trump campaign has been and, and especially in 2024, has decided to lean even further into that. And I don't think that anyone holds Donald Trump personally responsible for every word that comes out of every person who supports his mouth.


But I do think that the decision to put those people up there, and the fact that it overlaps with rhetoric that Donald Trump himself has said over the years is the thing that re reminds folks of the type of blame, the other bigoted ideology that Trump is associated with. And that's where the Harris campaign wants to be. You Know? And the other thing that struck me about the event is how like all Trump events are fueled by grievance. It is like this is their big chance. They're in the guarded man and It's, they know the media is all over This audience. The media is all over it. And so much time was spent talking about how they were wronged by New York City, how they were wronged by the courts, how they've been wronged by big tech.


So this could have been an opportunity to project some kind of future vision for the country and more importantly, what they would do for voters. I kept wondering to myself, does some random voter who's undecided probably not paying that much attention in Wisconsin, do they care that Trump and the Trump family feel slighted by New York City? Like what? What? Why would they care about that? You're saying this kind of a message merely bathes the base in a familiar vocabulary of grievance. In some cases racism, it fails as a result to look at the persuadable swing voter. Yes. And say, I got something new to offer you.


And of course, that's the person who's gonna decide this Selection. And to win, Trump has to expand his base beyond where he was in 2020 And he is putting Tony Hinchcliffe on the stage. This is the comedian. At the same time he's not putting Nikki Haley on stage. Right. Right, right. At the same time, time he's not embracing this Is not outreach. Yeah. Right, Right. He's not actor. There's no reason that this couldn't be a, a campaign that included all sectors of the Republican Party. The reason we are getting the MAGA masculinity piss everyone off is my form of manhood group of like MAGA movement projected on that stage is just because in the last four years, I think kind of driven through Trump's own feeling of slightness from the judicial and legal system, he's decided to double down on that front.


That's the lesson I think of this year. They chose not to be additive. Let's talk about how Kamala Harris reacts, her campaign seizes this with ferocity Shane. Yeah. It turned out that they had things happening that day that really helped them, which is she was in Pennsylvania and at a Puerto Rican restaurant that afternoon, as she's made coincidence, a very coincidence, but Actually when a crude joke about Puerto Rico being a floating pile of garbage is being made, And the reason she's at a Puerto Rican restaurant is there's 500,000, 600,000 voters of Puerto Rican heritage in Pennsylvania. Huh? The most important state in the country. And she's making an explicit appeal to them.


And so at the same time that Trump and has a warmup act making these insults, she has supporters in that community amplifying her message. You know, she immediately cuts a small ad, they roll out a number of endorsements and really they're using this to draw attention to Trump. And Trump's divisive rhetoric in exactly the way Ed is describing, saying that this encapsulates what you would get if you get four more years of Donald Trump. And these are like the ultimate persuadable voters, like Latino voters have been a group that both campaigns have fought about. And it's also a group where the Trump campaign believes they have made inroad. So it is precisely the kind of people that they need to appeal to to win the election.


And that, as a said, pointed out broadening the attempt, theoretically could have brought them in. Well let's talk about the Latino electorate for just a moment. And I want to kind of test the proposition that this is gonna make much of a difference and, and here's why. The latest time Sienna poll of Latino voters had really interesting findings. Not only did it reveal Trump's strength with this group of voters, it finds that Harris has underperformed with Latino voters compared with the past three Democratic candidates for president. And really interestingly, that poll found that a majority of Latino voters do not feel that when Trump is talking about immigrants and in theory Latino Americans in a negative way that he's talking about them, there's some kind of a built-in immunity this poll found to that.


And so my question is, why would this be any different? Well, I think one, he wasn't talking about Latinos in general, he was talking about Puerto Ricans. It's not as if this was a general thing about the group broadly. You know, there can be a feeling that even when someone demeans immigrants, that that's talking specifically about illegal immigrants. Now people came here legally. But what I'm saying, it doesn't actually have to be about, you think he's talking about you for it to matter to you. Like a lot of times, even when we were thinking about four years ago in the Democratic primary, the people who are most motivated by messages of racism or accusations of racism coming from Republicans weren't even necessarily the groups that was targeting, but liberals who become more enthusiastic when they realize they're fighting a racist monster on the other side.


So some of the energy that this drives, it motivates black folks. It will motivate white liberals. And it's the reason Democrats seeded this election to their terms. They have been okay with this being a Trump referendum because they think Trump referendum still helps them win. Part of the reason Donald Trump is an unpopular figure is because people think he's a bully. He's mean. Like I think sometimes we can over index and think that because the scandal hasn't invalidated him fully, it means it doesn't matter. And I don't think that's true, frankly. I think that like Democrats have built Trump into this unbeatable figure when that's never what the data or reporting has ever said. Just that you cannot assume that the coalition will hold together on anti-Trump this alone.


Okay? Remember in theory, we're still inside Madison Square Garden. You're still working on that bag of popcorn. And Donald Trump takes the stage, he talks at length about undocumented immigration. He says election day will be the day that America experiences independence from undocumented immigrants because he will begin mass deportations. And then he comes around to the enemies within And we have to defeat them. And when I say the enemy from within the other side goes crazy, becomes the sound ho, how can he say no? They've done very bad things to this country. They are indeed the enemy from within and, but this is who we're fighting.


And so when Trump is finished with his portion of his big Madison Square Garden closing argument event, it's very clear that he is reinforcing his determination to challenge democratic norms. And all of that made me think about yet another times poll, God, we poll a lot of issues. And this poll was about the question of democracy. And Shane, I'm sure you looked at this poll really closely, it finds that half of Americans doubt that democracy is working for them and that the American experiment in self-governance is functioning well. And clearly in that context, the way Trump talks about democratic norms takes on a different meaning, right?


I mean, he's banking on Americans thinking, sure, some people are gonna say, I'm a sailing democratic norms, but democracy isn't working for you. I mean, I think one of the most interesting things about Trump's speech was what was happening above him in the arena. So there's a big jumbotron and it says Trump will fix it and it doesn't say what the it is. And the, it lets the public voters apply what they want to. So for voters who think democracy isn't working for them, Trump is gonna fix it, right? This was the original appeal in 2016. He may be a bull in a China shop, but like you don't like the way the China shop looks. Right? You may have these grievances that were aired on stage.


He is going to fix that. Now, the professionalized side of his campaign says the, it is inflation and immigration and concerns that are like voiced by broad swaths of Americans, right? But people get to hear what they want. And I think the idea is that many people feel alienated by our institutions. And he is saying he will fix it, he will break it, and he will do it in whatever way he thinks is best. And you should trust him as this one singular figure as he's presented himself for eight years. I mean, one thing that I think is important to note Here, here is that he is putting forward with this a very different form of American government and is not necessarily as democratic as we think of American government to be.


He is in a situation where his opponent, the Harris campaign, is calling him a fascist, right? He has his ex officials, as we talked about last week, coming out and saying he would use his power to prosecute his political enemies. And he names them. I mean, what, there's been a series of interviews he's done on Fox News where the Fox News hosts say, this is metaphorical, right? You don't actually mean these actual people who oppose you. And Trump says, no, no, I, I do. I mean Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi, right? So he is saying to America, I will prosecute my political opponents. I will fire Jack Smith, I will change the Justice Department. Maybe deport him, maybe deport him. I will limit the independence of the Justice Department. He's putting forward very clearly for all of us to see a very different form of American government, and I think a less democratic one.


This Argument's at the center of Kamala Harris's, we believe closing argument to be delivered in several hours. Right. Shane, you've gotten briefed on that closing argument. And the reason I wanna ask you to talk about the closing argument is that there's a debate within the Democratic Party, you've written about it, about whether closing on Trump as threat to democracy is a good plan. If it matters to enough voters, democracy is not really a kitchen table issue. So what do you understand to be her closing argument that's gonna be coming tonight? And how do you think the campaign thinks about this critique from within the Democratic party that that's not the right place to land this plane?


I think her campaign thinks that they're not trying to land the plane that way. Even if it can appear that way in recent days. And the argument that they've said she's gonna make tonight is that Trump is entering the White House or would enter the White House with an enemy's list, and without the staff that's now denouncing him. And she would enter the White House with what she's calling a to-do list of things that actual people care about, grocery prices, housing prices, and also abortion as one of those closing messages. Right. We're gonna get that. She's trying to pull together the concerns around Trump and pivot from them to make it back centered on voters versus just Trump. Her campaign has done some ads that are just former Trump officials and saying, you know, we don't think that Trump would be good in the White House future forward, which is the biggest super PAC supporting her, has been doing tests of all of the ads, Trump ads, democratic ads.


That ad tested relatively poorly. Interesting. It's other ads where you have regular people saying, Trump looks scary and bad and he's gonna give taxes to the rich. And I actually think Kamala Harris will help me on my grocery prices. Those are the messages in general that have fared better for Democrats. Democracy doesn't land instead. Yeah, I mean, I think it's interesting. I certainly agree with kind of the broader points they're making here. I think it landed in the midterms with a specific electorate and kind of specific races that had stakes, which were important for Democrats. You saw them able to cast the C Lakes, the Doug Mastri knows as extreme, and that was really important for them, Right? And they won those Races. And they won those races. I think before we say that it doesn't land, we should acknowledge that it's not like Democrats are working from the premise that there is a problem with democracy.


They have to fix. They're mostly saying the way the system's working is okay. And Donald Trump broke it. And what I hear mostly is an agreement on a problem that Democrats don't really speak to. Just Explain that It would be one thing if Kamala Harris was saying, our political system is not working, and Donald Trump is exploiting that in a poor fashion, but here is what the Democratic party is gonna do to make that system work better. She's not saying that and be more responsive. That is not what they're saying. But I think their attack on Trump sometimes sounds like is a defense of a status quo system. Right. Not an acknowledgement of a problem in a pitch to improve it. And so it doesn't shock me, it doesn't land for a certain group of people, and it only lands for kind of moderate Republicans because those are people who are usually pretty invested, who think the status quos not all that bad.


Right? That goes back to the poll. When you criticize Trump for being a threat to democracy, you may reinforce the idea that you think democracy's going well for people. When that poll shows it's not, you're hearing that too when you talk to voters. Yes. And all I'm saying is they, it's not like they've ever tried the opposite to present a different type of vision of how you would reshape government to work better for people. Got it. They, they've never tried that. They don't, that's not their effort, really. So all I'm saying is I don't like when the democracy argument is dismissed as an effective, when the democracy argument they're giving is just, Donald Trump is bad. They're not presenting a competing vision on how a can, how a system can work better for people. And in my reporting, I feel like that's the thing I hear the most with the type of voters they lose.


And so if Donald Trump is promising change, and that is Bulling China shop, you know, I can see how he picks off a couple of those people when it feels like the other side is offering stability. But you don't like what's in the China shop. And the challenge from the beginning for Harris taking over from Joe Biden so late in this race is you are the sitting vice president. Yes. Yes. Right. You have a deep challenge. Yes. To be representing change. Now they made a big pitch at that at the beginning, and I think it was actually one of her successes early in this race was embodying change. But she has struggled more recently to differentiate herself from Biden and to represent a totally new vision.


We're gonna take a break. Lisa, would you take us out on break? We'll be right back.


Amgen, a leading biotechnology company needed a global financial company to facilitate funding and acquisition to broaden Amgen's therapeutic reach, expand its pipeline, and accelerate bringing new and innovative medicines to patients in need. Globally. They found that partner in Citi, whose seamlessly connected banking markets and services businesses can advise finance and close deals around the world. Learn more at citi.com/client stories.


Support for this podcast comes from Aven Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents' Ohio Farm. An Avangrid wind farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money. And I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@avgrid.com.


Okay. Welcome back, Ted. Lisa Shane. The Harris campaign is not just focused in its closing argument, days on democracy. Of course, it is focused on several issues. It felt like Over the past few days. The focus that broke through was the Harris campaign's emphasis on abortion, and it enlisted Michelle Obama, Lisa, to deliver a speech, I believe it was in Michigan, that has been zooming across the internet. And I wanna play a portion of that speech from Michelle Obama. So to the men who love us, let, lemme just try to paint a picture of what it will feel like if America, the wealthiest nation on earth keeps revoking basic care from its women and how it will affect every single woman in your life.


Your girlfriend could be the one in legal jeopardy if she needs a pill from outta state or overseas, or if she has to travel across state lines because the local clinic closed up. This was far more explicit, I thought, than the message to women. We heard last week from Congresswoman Liz Cheney, which we had talked about. She encourages women to vote for Harris, your husband, your friends, they don't need to know. This is a message to women, but really also to men, that the women in their lives could die under a Trump presidency. If your wife is shivering and bleeding on the operating room table during a routine delivery gone bad, her pressure dropping as she loses more and more blood or some unforeseen infection spreads and her doctors aren't sure if they can act, you'll be the one praying that it's not too late.


You'll be the one pleading for somebody, anybody to do something. Yeah. It was an extraordinary message and it was, I, I've spent a lot of time listening to politicians talk about abortion on both sides of the aisle. I have. You wrote a whole book about it. I wrote a whole book about it. I have never heard someone make an argument quite like this. You know, abortion is always seen as a woman's issue. Historically it's not, of course, because it takes two people to make a baby sometimes more last I checked depending on your fertility situation. So it's a much broader issue that it really encompasses men too. And politicians have shied away from that. Michelle Obama did not. She addressed it directly to men. And this is an argument the campaign has made through the stories of women who have faced these really gut wrenching medical and emotional choices and situations over their pregnancies.


But having Michelle Obama make it so explicitly to men, I think laid out the stakes that the Harris campaign would like to fight this election on in a different and really direct way. And one that shows sort of how this issue has evolved in the post ro era. We're in a different place than we were in 2020 when Roe was on the books. Hmm. It was interesting to me that both Barack and Michelle Obama have used this very precious time on the campaign trail on behalf of Kamala Harris to appeal to men in, in a very different way, obviously than than Trump is seeking to do. So Shane, how important is a moment like this and where is the campaign trying to take the question of abortion in these last hours?


I mean, I would take Michelle Obama's speech, Trump's appearance, hit the garden, her speech tonight and say the entire goal for both sides is to get the very tiny sliver of undecided voters to be thinking about the issues that are better for the Democrats or better for the Republicans. If you are an undecided voter and you are thinking about abortion, you are probably more likely to vote for Kamala Harris. Abortion rights are widely popular in this country. Trump's decision to appoint justice that overturned Roe is not popular if that's what they can get people to think about. That is a winning issue for Democrats. But the idea is, can you get people to focus on those issues?


Can you get people to focus on the potential threat that Trump has to democratic institutions? And on the Trump side, what he has not done as well recently is get people to focus on the issue sets that are good for him, immigration, people's frustrations about the economy. Lisa, I suspect it's because of what Shane is saying, that the Harris campaign thinks that they are more effectively communicating on the issues that are mattering to swing voters than the Trump campaign. Is that you were confident enough to boldly report that the Harris campaign's staffers believe, and I'm sure it's tentative that they're doing okay right now. There there's a, a confidence that they might win, which is always a very risky thing to ever write.


Yeah, I mean look, it's where they are, right? So I'm reflecting what my colleagues and I have been hearing from people at the top levels of this campaign. And the phrase that kept coming up actually was nauseousness confident, which is sort of a variation on cautiously confident, I guess. Which is not to say this race is not extremely tight, it is it's neck and neck and it could really go either way. But Why are they nauseousness Gone there? But they believe that they are closing out on a message that's resonating that some of these, this sense that they've been so desperate to remind people of with Trump, you know, his, the things that people didn't like about him, his divisiveness, his style that in this final week or so has been front and center. So they believe that favors them.


They're also happy with the abortion argument and how that's been landing. They see that that's motivating, particularly to female voters who are turning out and voting. They believe. And early voting has not necessarily looked as strong for them. There's been a high level of Republican turnout, but their sense on that is that Republicans are effectively cannibalizing their election day vote. Right? We about this, that these are people that would've voted anyhow and now they're just coming out earlier. So what they think is this is a race that this is gonna be a real shocker for everybody. So please brace yourself. It will be a race that is decided on election day. That is their line right now. Look, I mean, you can also see what the Trump team is doing, which is that Donald Trump today is calling a news conference in Florida for last minute, basically a do-over because he didn't in fact delivering the closing message at Madison Square Garden.


He is trying to gather the cameras and do it again. 'cause it was drowned out by the speakers that he selected that his team selected to proceed him on stage. Yeah, I mean if the polling tells us it's 50 50, I think it comes down to which campaign's theory of the case matches the most on the electorate as we get to the day. And you can see the reasons why the Harris campaign has growing confidence there. Their voters are ones we know are more likely to turn out. They have You mean women? Yes. I mean women, I mean more college educated. Right. I mean like, I mean they're the type of people who are more likely to have voted in the midterms. I mean, anti-Trump motivation as the shores reason of coming out rather than, you know, you're, the thing about betting on the Joe Rogan Bros is they gotta actually go, you know, they Have to be registered.


Yeah. And so like sometimes even when, you know, we've done episodes focusing on low propensity voters, young men and people like that. And sometimes I'll go through this whole process with them and at the end I'm like, yeah, I, I see the theory that the Trump campaign is gonna convert this guy into voting, but I'm not sure lil bro here is gonna vote. Right? Right. And so like that gap between who they're appealing to and their likelihood to come out is a challenge for them. Right. And so one thing I think that we have to acknowledge is Trump has the harder task in this election, but just not make it an impossible one. And to me, the most important factor and the reasons why he still has an issue set that really works for him and a lane that works for him. Are you changing the page from Donald Trump in that era and that tone of politics?


Or do you wanna turn the page on Biden and that administration's policy, and I think we cannot understate the opportunity for a switch was a chance for them to reset in a lot of ways. But they've basically run the Biden campaign with Kamala Harris at the top and like, well there I think abortion rights is stake that abortion rights, abortion. I, I'm not saying exactly. Yeah, I don't think that's true. Exactly. I think the mere act that she can campaign in five states over two days, it means it's not the Biden campaign. Right. Because he can go places she can go. But I'm saying creating the anti draw a crowd. Yeah, yeah. I'm saying creating the anti-Trump coalition is a choice they had to make partially because they tied themselves for two years to the status quo, to an administration that was unpopular. Can I say what?


And that is still the barrier. They're overcome. The Democrats feel good about how the last couple of days have been and the focus and can they have shifted people's focus to these issues. The reason the Trump team is confident and has been confident is the one issue that for many, many months is reg is the most important issue in this election is the economy. And on that issue, Donald Trump has maintained his advantage that overall more voters trust Donald Trump on the economy. And so for them, if voters move back to the issue where they've cared most, the Trump team has felt confident that that is the way that where they can win this race. The Harris people are successfully pivoting the conversation, not just on that issue.


So we don't know on election day what issue most of these most important swing voters are gonna be thinking about. And that's what this week is very much about. I Hear, I hear it'll be decided on election day. That's the, I've Heard that here first breaking news, Speaking of election day, there have been some really worrying incidents involving ballots over the past couple days. And I don't wanna make too much hay out of three ballot boxes in three states being lit on fire, but three ballot boxes in three states were lit on fire. How much should we be worried about that do you think? I mean, one thing that struck me throughout this whole race is how much concerns of violence have been present, particularly among voters?


It's more than anxiety. It's, it's fear, it's menace. I think it is definitely out there and it, I think people are worried about it. I don't see a universe for the result is believed. Oh, Trusted. Like what is that universe like? I don't like I don't disagree. I mean that I don't really, I don't, what are we preparing for? Like agreement? I don't think, I don't think that's the lesson. Like, I mean, just of the last four. I don't think so. I'm saying like, even If, even if Trump wins, Even if Trump wins, I don't, I don't think, I think I think the left has changed from 2016. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's been some, I think when you saw the like Biden dropout moment, like there's some deranged activity on the democratic side too.


Like, so all I'm saying is my, my, I don't think I know I, I wouldn't put this on other people. Like I would love for a universe where the results are believed. I believe that is a bad thing for our future. And a worrying thing for Yeah. Trust That our elected, you're throwing us over the cliff, But I say it is my expectation that the result is not believed. Right. Does that means we have the conditions for some of the most scary stuff we've seen? I'm not saying that, but I think we are now working from a baseline of distrust. Hmm hmm. Can I somehow end on a note of, if not levity personal, How, how are we gonna make this turn Election day? The thing that I think most people don't know about election day and campaign journalists is that basically almost nothing happens.


There's a lot of waiting. Everyone has their ritual. If I may ask you all about your election day rituals, anything you've got for me? Hmm. I try to go to yoga in the morning. There it is. For one moment of something before, because as a said, so nicely pointed out, we're headed over the cliff. So Who knows when I'll go to yoga after election day and then I I time the coffees through the remainder of the day. Ted, you, you're not on a plan. No, I think I'll be here. I I I don't think I have a different election day every day. That's, I every, this is a routine of the last like three, four years, like every day that's gonna be super intense. I go to this diner near my house, order the same thing, and it like starts my day off.


Well, So, you eat and I go to yoga. Is that And is the, what is the perfect, just what's The order? What is the order? Corn, beef, hash and eggs. Eggs. Oh my. With ch it's a heavy start. Yeah. And even maybe a side of Turkey sausage, but I'm going crazy, you know, and then You are able to stay awake for the remainder of the day. Well actually, like, do I like work? It's like it just kicks the day off Better, Shane? I dunno that I have an election day tradition. I, yeah, I mean, I was in Pennsylvania last time. I'll be here in the office this time and I may try to fit in a run in the morning or good for you. Something active. No Turkey sausage. No Turkey sausage. What, what is your, What's Yours? What's yours?


What's my elaborate ritual? Yeah, I don't wanna talk about which Taylor Swift songs I listen to in the morning. That's, that's, that's between me and her. Thanks for asking Shane, Lisa instead. Thanks for having us. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. So listen, one week from today, you'll have the chance to make a decision that directly impacts your life, the life of your family, and the future of this country.


We love. In her closing argument. On Tuesday night from the National Mall, vice President Harris described Trump as a petty tyrant, determined to exact revenge against his enemies and accumulate unchecked power. And she cast herself as a unifier focused on preserving democracy and addressing the everyday needs of working Americans. Donald Trump has spent a decade trying to keep the American people divided and afraid of each other.


That is who he is. But America, I am here tonight to say that is not who we are For even more campaign coverage. Listen to tomorrow's episode of the Runup. Ted focuses on the crucial swing state of Pennsylvania, the voters there that Kamala Harris is depending on and exactly when the state will count the votes.


We'll be right back.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfcdz.org.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home, Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.


Here's what else you need to Notre Dame on Tuesday. Israeli airstrikes in Northern Gaza and eastern Lebanon killed dozens of people. According to Palestinian officials, the strike in Gaza destroyed a residential building killing at least 93 people, 25 of whom were children. US officials called it a quote, horrifying incident with a horrifying result. According to Lebanese officials, the strike there occurred in a district where a Hezbollah holds sway, killing at least 60 people. It was not immediately clear how many of the dead were militants or civilians.


Meanwhile, Israel said that four of its soldiers were killed in Northern Gaza. Adding to what has become the deadliest month of the past year for Israel's military. In October alone, 59 soldiers have been killed. Today's episode was produced by Nina Feldman, Claire Teter, and Rochelle Banja. It was edited by Paige Cowen, Liz o Balen, and Maria Byrne contains original music by Dan Powell and Maryanne Lazano, and was engineered by Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Ben Lansford of Wonder.


That's it for The Daily, I'm Michael Bobro. See you tomorrow.