
Support for this podcast comes from Vin Grid. Tom Turnal runs an Ohio millwork company that was started by his father and employs his kids. I'm in favor of wind farms because I'm committed to attracting talent to our community. And the school districts with wind turbines get resources that can make a huge difference in kids' lives. Since 2012, an VIN grid wind farm has strengthened the economy and contributes millions to the community each year. To learn more about where energy meets humanity, visit au grid.com. That's au grid.com.


This is Christina Goldbaum. I'm in Damascus capital of Syria right now, and I'm walking through a prison that's underneath one of the intelligence branches in the Capitol. There are these three solitary confinement rooms and etched onto the walls. Her messages from prisoners who were held here, one of the messages says, I love you, mom. There are others that are praying to God and there's also a, an etching of a mosque. What's inside that folder Is reading.


And earlier as we're going through the building, we found a folder with pictures of what looked like prisoners who had been tortured and killed. This is like a report for the death. Oh man. And death certificates next to them. You know, when we first arrived in Syria, just a day after the rebels took the country, there was a lot of celebration. A lot of people out on the streets finally feeling this taste of freedom. And as the week has gone on and we've come to more and more of these prisons and torture facilities, it's just clear how, just how much of a reckoning the country is gonna have to go through now to confront and reconcile with all of the horrors that happened over the past couple decades From The New York Times.


I'm Sabrina Tnsi, and This is The Daily. After the fall of Bahar al Assad and the opening up of Syria, tens of thousands of people were released from prisons across the country. Many had been locked away For years. Today, My colleague Christina Goldbaum takes us inside one of those prisons and tells us the story of a man who made it out. It's Tuesday, December 17th.


Christina, what was it like when you first got to Syria? So my colleagues and I drove into Syria towards the Capitol Damascus 24 hours after the rebels had seized the country. And the highway was filled with these very surreal scenes. So here, general security, usually what this is, they used to stop us here. There were checkpoints where usually you would spend hours being interrogated by police officers and security forces that had been completely abandoned. You see, We saw posters of Bashar Laa that used to be ubiquitous, that had been torn down and either ripped apart or burned.


And we also began to see the closer we got to the capitol, signs of the rebels who had entered the city. They were driving these cars that had been painted in this kind of beige mud, almost like a makeshift camouflage from their rapid offensive towards the Capitol. Hmm. And then we saw people from Damascus who were out on the streets. They were putting their fingers in a V in the air signifying victory, and they were cheering on the rebels as they drove past them to celebrate this incredible moment in the country's history. But for a lot of people here, that moment is also about finally getting answers.


The Assad government had set up this fast network of detention facilities and prisons and torture chambers that swallowed up tens of thousands of people across the country. And For years, this was a complete black box. People would disappear into the system and their families would have no idea what happened to them, where they went, or whether or not they were still alive. But now, with the fall of that government, suddenly people hoped for answers. And as we were driving through the city, we saw a huge convoy of cars going to the epicenter of that system, a prison called Sadiya, which is one of the most notorious in all of Syria.


And My colleague quite as sad. And I joined them as they went on that journey. As we were driving towards the prison, you can see leading to the prison, there's this massive convoy of cars. All people who were trying to get there. Others have, we got caught in this traffic because there were thousands of people on Monday morning trying to get there. We ended up getting out of our car with a lot of other people and just walking down the road for about an hour until we reached the outskirts of the prison, We then walked with people up this kind of footpath that led up the hillside into the prison gates.


Let's go. Let's try, let's go. People inside were in an absolute frenzy. There were these crowds of people cramming into different cells. My brother-in-law, he's been in prison 2012, They were screaming the names of their relatives who had been lost into this prison. He has two brothers, Some of them had printout photos of their sons or brothers or husbands, Her sons. And we're shoving them in people's faces asking, have you seen this person? Have you seen this person? These cases All missing, their relatives are missing and they, let's go other.


And walking around, there were these quiet testimonies of what life was like inside this prison. There were feces across the floor and messages scrawled into the walls, some of which were begging for death rather than staying there. And a lot of prisoners had escaped on Sunday morning after the government fell. But there were still thousands of others that families suspected of being in Nia, who were still unaccounted for. And so these families were going around the prison looking for any kind of scraps of information, any clues as to where their relatives were on That side. What's over Here?


This is another section of the prison. Let's look. You know, one of the first rooms that we walked into looked like maybe it had been an electrical room in the prison. And we came across one guy there who had a shovel in hand. What is he doing? And he was knocking against the wall and the floor trying to hear an echo that maybe would signal there was something hollow underneath, maybe a room beneath the floor. He can see wires here, but where these wires are going. He started also kind of pulling apart the wires saying, you know, where does this go? You know, again, thinking that maybe it led to something underneath the prison, some cells that were there.


There are people here. She said, As we stepped into another room, there was also a woman who seemed to be just convinced that she was hearing voices on the other side of a wall. And she was trying to get the guys around her who had these pickaxes to tear through it. Because she was saying that she heard voices there. She heard them there 12 years. Her son, she doesn't know what to prison. Maybe he's here. She was looking for her son who had gone missing 12 years ago. At one point, people believed that maybe there were hidden cells, like three stories underground.


And so they started picking up pickaxes and hammers and shovels and just tearing into the floors, trying to find any kind of shaft or opening or room that might have been hidden. And people were maybe stuck inside. And as they were doing that, this kind of massive crowd started forming around them. 'cause people thought that maybe they had discovered something, that they had discovered, a secret door or secret stairwell. And they wanted to get a glimpse of what was underneath, Move backward, move backward, let us work. And the few rebels who were there around them were screaming at the crowd, telling them to back up and give them space and let them work because it was just such a chaotic scene.


And Christina, did they find anything in all this digging? So hours and hours after tearing up this place, the rescue workers who were there said that they didn't think that there were any hidden compartments underneath the prison. And that all the prisoners who were there and who were still alive were released already. But the next morning there was also news that 38 bodies had been discovered in the prison. And they were brought to a hospital at the center of the city. So my colleagues and I went to that hospital and to the morgue where there were forensic examiners going through each of these corpses, Examining the bodies, Trying to find any identifiable symbol, any tattoo, any birthmark, anything.


Every picture, have a number, Taking photos of them and then posting them on telegram so that families could look through and see if they recognized any of these corpses. Most of them are dying here because of the reaching and torture. The doctors believed that some of those people had died days earlier, but there were others that they thought had been dead for weeks or a month. And you could smell that as they opened the kind of tarps and informal body bags they had. But this just stench that filled the room. Tons of people started coming there, determined to get a look at these bodies themselves.


There were just throngs of women and men who were just shoving and trying to get into the examination room itself, saying that they didn't recognize any of the photos, and they wanted to see the bodies themselves. And at one point, as the day dragged on, one of the doctors just kind of gave up and said, okay, fine. If you wanna see these people come in, open the doors. And this massive crowd of people came into this refrigerator room and started opening the tarps of bodies and looking at them in just this kind of horror.


Some of them had shown signs of what looked to be torture. There were red marks around one of the necks of one of these bodies. Another had kind of puncture wounds that one of the doctors thought were from a hot iron, that this person had likely been hit with many times. One of these bodies didn't have a face anymore. It was just this charred skull just beyond recognition. It was incredibly intense. I mean, women were leaving that room in tears and screaming And Cursing Assad and asking that he burn in hell.


You know, until that point, I think people had really believed that there was a way of finding folks alive. That there was some secret rooms or some other detention facility, or you know, somewhere where they'd be broken free from. And I think it's one thing to see the scribblings on the wall of this really grim prison. It's another to see not just that people might have died, but how they died and what they endured before they died.


But we did meet one family at the prison that day who got some answers. Their son had been released from Soniya when the rebels took the city. And so he was able to tell us the story of life inside the prison for the first time. Thank You so much for having us in your house. And so his name is Al Shadi. He's 26 years old. And we met him at his house. Me and My colleague Raja marched, who was translating and walked in and sat down on the floor of the living room. There was a small heater there too, 'cause it was a pretty cold day. I grew up here in this same village.


It was actually good. And he was telling us about how he had grown up in the suburb of the city with a pretty big family. He's one of four brothers and a number of sisters too. His dad worked selling fresh water to people in the neighborhood. And you know, he remembers when he was younger, kinda going to these amusement parks in Damascus with his siblings and going swimming and having barbecues on the hillside. And this life that felt very peaceful and full of promise for him and his family. There was a playing circle, But when the war started in 2011, Bilal was in the sixth grade and his parents got very nervous about everything going on.


So they pulled him out of class. And pretty early on the war started to take its toll on his family. Two of his older brothers were both arrested by security forces. His dad tried to get both of them back to their families without any luck. And at one point he was describing this to me and said how he had asked someone in the security forces for more information on one of his sons, and was told that his son would be released in two hours after questioning. And Now he stayed in prison for 14 years, But it has been over a decade since.


And why were Bill Al's brothers arrested? So like a lot of families in Syria, they never actually got a clear answer of what either of the brothers was accused of. And that's something that was pretty common under Assad's government. These kind of arbitrary arrests where people are picked off the street, thrown into prison, and families don't know where they went or what happened to them or what the charges against them are. But I think his brother's arrest instilled a lot of fear in him. He was conscripted into the army when he was 18 years old, as men are required to do. And soon after, when he sees the horrors of the Civil war and the risks that Syrian soldiers are facing, he deserts the military and goes back to his family.


But deserting the army is what eventually gets him arrested by the police as well. So he's moved from detention facility to detention facility and eventually put in a truck with around 150 other people, all of them with iron cuffs on their wrists tied to each other and brought to Nia. We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by BlackRock. Wanna know what's happening in the markets on the bid? A podcast from BlackRock. We break down what's happening in the world of investing. We See in so many of the developed economies, people just don't have the adequacy of savings to live in retirement and dignity, specifically in the United States, And explore the forces changing the economy and finance. We've never had such fantastic alignment around public policy and technological innovation that we see in infrastructure right now. Subscribe to the bid wherever you get your podcasts.


This podcast is supported by pharma. When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine. Thanks to America's intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US Innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at pma.org/ip works.


Wonders


Support for this podcast comes from Instagram. Parents are having complicated conversations with their teens about how to safely use social media and technology and Instagram. Teen accounts are designed to address parents' biggest concerns, including who their teens are talking to online. My Name is Kareem and I have a teenage son. I encourage him to be careful on social media, but also as a parent, you know, my job is to make sure he's doing the right thing With private by default accounts for teen users. Teens need to accept new followers and people who don't follow them, can't see their content or interact with them. Learn more at instagram.com/teen accounts.


So Christina, this man you met Bilal, told you about how he got arrested and sent to Sadiya prison. What did he say about what life was like inside the prison? He described the conditions in the prison as being just absolutely horrifying. Well, that affect me. No light. He's brought to the cell that's underground and rarely ever sees sunlight again. A spot. A tiny hole. A tiny hole. Yeah. There were about a hundred other people in the cell with him. All the, all the men, they have to use one bathroom inside the room. Only one toilet in the corner of the room that all of them had to share Bed.


The cell always smelled like sewage. And there was this kind of layer of grime across the floor and the walls. How Much food would They get? He said that usually they would only get one Potato for eight, One potato for eight people in a day. And that they would have to cut up that single potato into tiny portions for everyone who was sharing it with him in The best way. You'll take a bigger slice. And they barely got any water with that too. So the people didn't think about anything except the, And every morning Class. Okay. Every day in in our room, they take the names.


The prison guards would come around and do a roll call of everyone in the cell. And when that happened, they had to have their faces against the wall. And he never actually saw any of the guards who were there. He only ever heard their voices. And then occasionally he said, often when they were in bad mood or angry about something, they would drag one of the prisoners out and beat and torture him. Bilal said that occasionally he was the one who was brought out and taken to this room Sitting like this.


As he was describing this to me, he kind of stood up and bent over his hands by his ankles, I don't know. Yeah, between his legs And said that they would usually put an iron rod between his knees. Okay, So you couldn't move. Okay. Okay. And then what Happened? And then they would kick him. We Had to clean for And to sit on my back. They stepped on his back. They stomped on his back. They stepped in his, In his, they would stomp on his face and they would hit him in the back. What were they beating him With? Because it's a leather leather. Okay, okay.


And he told us that usually when this happened, there would be other guards in the room who would be yelling curses at him and kind of cheering on whoever was actually beating him that day. If anyone, if they beat anyone, all said Noel heard the screaming. And usually other prisoners could hear whoever was being beaten or tortured that day from theirselves. They could hear the Sound of, They would hear them screaming and crying out for help, and they would know it would come the next time that they were pulled out of the roof. How does Bilal describe his mental state? Through all of this? He said it was absolutely unbearable.


If I die, it'll be better. So I was praying for dying. And he spent most of the two years that he was in Aya praying to die because that felt easier than enduring the torture anymore. And things continued on like that for a while until about a week and a half ago when he told me he started to notice a bit of a change. They came a soldier to our room and they, and they were, they were seem afraid.


What made you think they were afraid? He said, it started with the roll calls that they used to do every morning. And typically they would say, roll call you animals to all of the prisoners in the cell. He came to our room and for the first time he didn't call us animals, But then one morning they said, roll call you guys, which just struck him as being a little bit strange. Somehow they were being more humane to the prisoners all of a sudden. Exactly. And then the next day they asked them, They told him, how are you? How they were in the morning, which he thought was even more strange.


Bilal turned his head And he was so surprised that he turned his head around to look at the guard. He didn't beat him, But he also wasn't beaten for doing that. The food. It was good. And then the next day, Ah, They give them, they give them biscuits. The guard started giving the prisoners small cookies, which he hadn't had in the two years he had been there. And he told me that as this was happening, he was talking to the other prisoners trying to figure out what exactly was going on.


I thought they, the regime make a, a decision that they, they will not update us any anymore. But they didn't even imagine that they were only days away from walking out the prisons gates and being free. And then on Saturday night, He told me, wake up, they're Here. One of his cellmates shook him to wake him up and was telling him that something was going on, that maybe they would be freed. I told him, I wanna go to sleep, don't lie to me. Why aren't tell me this? And bla didn't believe at me, told him to leave him alone. He was asleep.


He told him, here, listen. And they hear And Bilal hears people shouting. God is great. And he realizes that something is going on. And eventually he pieces together that one of the prison guards had stripped off his uniform, opened one of the cells, dropped the keys and ran. Hmm. He go, all the man go out. Yes. And all of the prisoners from that cell had taken the keys, had unlocked the other cells there, and they were rushing out of the doors, out of the prison. Christina, Why? Had the guard done that? The officer? Yeah, the, the regime officer.


He changed his clause. We don't know for certain, but it seemed like maybe the guard had heard that the rebels were nearing the prison and thought that if he opened the prison cells and wore civilian clothes, he could blend in with prisoners leaving themselves and escape. Wow. Okay. So Bilal, So you go out, you see that everyone is leaving, where do you go? What did you do? So Bilal gets out of his cell. He Entered the, the, the offices for the, the officers. He runs to an office within the prison, finds a photo of Bashar Assad. I burned Bihar's Pictures And burns it.


And then he walks out of the prison gates. Okay. And in that moment, how would you describe how you felt? It was a, He told me that he felt like he was dreaming this entire time, that he couldn't actually believe that he had been freed. How has it been for Bill Al to be home? I think the past week and a half has been a kind of whirlwind of emotions for Bilal and his family.


I talked to his mom about this mother, for his mother. When you Saw Bilal, tell me about that. It's like happy, this is the happiness crying. On the one hand, they are incredibly grateful and happy and overjoyed that they finally have one of their son's home. That he's okay, that he's with their family, that he's alive. And Bilal himself is overjoyed to be free, to be able to be with his family and be back in his home and not live in the perpetual fear of being beaten or tortured in prison.


But at the same time, I think with every day that's passed since the Assad government fell, his mom, his dad, Bilal, have all realized more and more that it's very unlikely his brothers are coming home. I think I lost hope. No. Why? Because they, they are not sitting here. They, they didn't come with her son, the other son. This is what he said, what she saw. And a few days after we went to Al's home, I talked to his father who had sent a relative back to Soniya, and he had found a death certificate for one of his sons.


Oh, wow. But there still isn't any other news of the other. So they got one answer, but still don't have the other. Exactly, Exactly. When you talked to Al's father, how was he feeling about this? He was incredibly sad and crying, but at the same time he was talking about how he wanted revenge for what happened to his sons. He told me the first time he went to Soniya, he wanted to burn it down. He wanted to find who did this to them and break their neck. He wanted some kind of justice for everything that his family had endured.


He was also incredibly angry about the fact that he still, even now doesn't have answers. Christina, do they plan on continuing their search in the coming days? They do. They have sent relatives back to Aya. They've talked to friends who've gone to other detention facilities that have rifled through the papers there. I think that until they find something concrete, until they know where their sons were buried, if they're both killed and can hold them in their arms themselves, there isn't really a sense of closure.


That's what his father, what his mother kept coming back to was wanting to have their bodies in their arms to know where they are and to be able to bury them themselves. Until that happens, their search will continue. Thank you. Thanks for having me.


We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by BlackRock. Wanna know what's happening in the markets on the bid? A podcast from BlackRock. We break down what's happening in the world of investing. We See in so many of the developed economies, people just don't have the adequacy of savings to live in retirement and dignity specifically in the United States and Explore the forces changing the economy and finance. We've Never had such fantastic alignment around public policy and technological innovation that we see in infrastructure right now. Subscribe to the bid wherever you get your podcast.


This podcast is supported by GoodRx, looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms. With GoodRx, you can save an average of $34 on cold and flu medications, plus find savings on everyday prescriptions. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. Even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price. Save on cold and flu prescriptions and more at GoodRx dot com slash The Daily.


Every day thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home, Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.


Here's what else you should know today. On Monday, the German government collapsed after Chancellor Olaf Schultz lost a no confidence vote in the country's parliament. Schultz was forced to take the unusual step of calling for the vote because his three party coalition splintered last month, leaving him without a parliamentary majority to pass laws or a budget. New elections are slated for late February and a judge has rejected the argument made by President-elect Donald Trump, that he's protected by presidential immunity when it comes to his conviction in the state of New York.


Judge Guhan said on Monday that the immunity argument does not apply because the case involves unofficial and personal acts that proceeded Trump's first term. If the decision withstands the expected appeal, he could become the first felon to serve as president. Today's episode was produced by Rochelle Banja, Claire Tennis getter, Lindsey Garrison and Stella Tan, with help from Eric Rekey. It was edited by Patricia Willens, with help from Lindsey Garrison contains original music by Dan Powell, Marian Lozano, and Rowan Nema Sto, and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Lansford of Wonder Lake. Special thanks to Ho Assad in Raham Moshed. That's it for The Daily. I'm Sabrina Taver. See you tomorrow.


This podcast is supported by BlackRock. Wanna know what's happening in the markets on the bid? A podcast from BlackRock. We break down what's happening in the world of investing. We See in so many of the developed economies, people just don't have the adequacy of savings to live in retirement and dignity, specifically in the United States, and Explore the forces changing the economy and finance. We've Never had such fantastic alignment around public policy and of technological innovation that we see in infrastructure right now. Subscribe to the bid wherever you get your podcasts.