(1s):
Every business has unique needs. Perhaps your business needs a better way to manage cash flow, help protect against fraud or efficiently bank online. Or maybe you're on a roll and ready to expand whatever your business needs. Atlantic Union Bank pairs, modern technology with knowledgeable bankers dedicated to making banking for your business Easier. Call. Visit us online or drop into an Atlantic Union Bank branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank

(35s):
From The New York Times. This is The Interview. I'm m David Marca Marqueese. For a long time, courtesy Arvin, a 51-year-old computer engineer, had been writing online about political theory and relative obscurity. His ideas were pretty extreme, that institutions like the mainstream media and academia have been overrun by progressive group think and need to be dissolved. He believes that government bureaucracy should be radically gutted and that American democracy should be replaced by what he calls a monarchy, run by what he's called a CEO, which is basically his friendlier term for a dictator to support his arguments. Jarvin relies on what sympathetic ears might hear as a helpful serving of historical references, but which others here has a distorting mix of gross oversimplification, cherry-picking, personal interpretation, presented as fact and just plain inaccuracy.

(1m 29s):
But while Jarvin himself may still be obscure, his ideas are not Vice President-elect. JD Vance has alluded to his notions of forcibly rid American institutions of so-called wokes. You know, I I, there's this guy, Curtis Jarvin, who's written about some of these things. And so incoming state department official Michael Anton has spoken with Jarvin about how an American Caesar might be installed into power. I mean, you're, you're essentially advocating for someone to, you know, a age old move, right? Which is gain power lawfully through an election, through legal means, and then exercise it unlawfully. And Jarvin has also found fans in the powerful and increasingly political ranks of Silicon Valley, like Mark Andreessen.

(2m 9s):
The other lens on this that I think about a lot is courtesy Jarvin. He was also a good friend of mine, and he, the way he describes the American system, we are, we are living under FDRs personal monarchy. I've been aware of Yen's work for years and was mostly interested in it as a prime example of growing anti-democratic sentiment in particular corners of the internet. Until recently, those ideas felt too fringe to really take seriously. But given that they're now finding an audience with some of the most powerful people in the country, Arvin can't be so easily dismissed anymore. Here's my conversation with Curtis Jarvin, to my understanding, one of your central arguments is that America needs to, I think the way you've put it in the past is sort of get over our dictator phobia.

(3m 6s):
That that American democracy is a sham beyond fixing and having sort of a, a monarch style leader, or call it a CEO or call it a dictator, that's the way to go. So why is democracy so bad, and why would having a dictator solve the problem? Let me answer that in I think a way that will be relatively accessible to readers of The New York Times. You've probably heard of a man named Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Yes. And the, i I do a, a speech sometimes where I'll just read the last 10 paragraphs of FDRs first inaugural address in which FDR essentially says to the American people, Hey, Congress, give me absolute power, or I'll take it anyway.

(3m 57s):
So did FDR absolutely actually take that level of power? Yeah, he did. And so there's a great piece that I've sent to, you know, some of the people that I know that are involved in the transition. Can you who, Which Is, I mean the, there's all sorts of people milling around. Name one. Name one, wow. Name one. Well, I definitely know Mark Andreessen. And so I sent this, sent this piece to Mark Andreesen, and it's a, it's an excerpt from the Diary of Harold Ickes, who's FDRs Secretary of the Interior. And it's a little diary entry describing a cabinet meeting in 1933.

(4m 40s):
And what happens in this cabinet meeting is that Francis Perkins, who's the secretary of the of labor, comes in to this meeting and is like, here, I have a list of the projects that we're gonna do. FDR personally takes this list, looks at the projects in New York and is like, this is crap. This is crap. Aren what you're doing, like Humiliates Frances Perkins in the Oval Office or wherever they're having their cabinet meeting. And then at the end of the thing, it's like everybody agrees that the bill would fixed and then pass through Congress. This is just a picture of FDR acting like a CEO. And so, you know, the question of was FDRA dictator?

(5m 21s):
What does it mean to be a dictator? What does this pejorative word mean? I don't know. What I know is that Americans of all stripes, Democrats, Republicans, and everyone, you know, except for a few right wing Republicans, basically Revere FDR and FDR ran the New deal like a startup. So, as I understand it, the point you're trying to make is that we have had something like a dictator in the past in American history, and therefore it's not something to be afraid of now, is that right? Yeah. What we see, what we see in, in the sort of the course of, you know, to kind of look at the objective reality of power in the US since the revolution, you know, you'll talk to people about the Articles of Confederation and you're just like, name one thing that happened in America under the Articles of Confederation.

(6m 13s):
And they can, unless they're a professional historian. Next you have the first constitutional period with under George Washington. If you look at the administration of Washington, what you'll see is that basically what is established looks a lot like a startup. It looks so much like a startup that this guy, Alexander Hamilton, who is recognizably a startup bro, is running the whole government. He's basically the Larry Page of this republic. He's nominally the Secretary. Chris had to say, I'm say, I feel like I'm asking you, what did you have for breakfast? And you're saying, well, you know, at the dawn of man when serials were first cultivated, I'm, I'm doing a Putin, I'll speed this up.

(6m 56s):
And Then answer the question, what's so bad about democracy? So to make a long story short, whether you want to call Washington Lincoln and FDR dictators, this sort of, you know, appropriate word, what they were was basically national CEOs and they were running the government like a company from the top down. So why is democracy so bad? So it's not even that democracy is bad, it's just that it's very weak. And the fact that it's very weak is basically easily seen by the fact that very unpopular policies like mass immigration persist despite strong majorities being against them.

(7m 37s):
So the question of basically is democracy, good or bad, is I think a secondary question to, is it what we actually have? When you say to a New York Times reader, democracy is bad, they're a little bit shocked, but when you say to them politics is bad, or even populism is bad, they're like, of course, these are horrible things. And so the thing is, when you basically want to be anti, you know, say democracy is not a good system of government, just bridge that immediately to saying populism is not a good system of government. And then you'll be like, yes, of course. Like actually, you know, policy and law should be set by wise experts and people in the courts and lawyers and professors and so forth.

(8m 25s):
Then you'll realize that what you're actually endorsing is aristocracy rather than democracy. You know, you, your ideas are ones that have been pointed to by people in, in real positions of power in the Republican party. You know, I think it's probably overstated the extent to which definitely and JD Vance are friends, but, but he has, He's definitely overstated. He has, he has mentioned you by name publicly and and referred to deification ideas that sort of are very similar to yours. You know, you've been on, on Michael Anton's podcast. And, and Michael Anton has, has been tapped by Trump to be high up in, in this state department, talking with him about how to install an American Caesar.

(9m 9s):
Peter Thiel, a major Republican donor, said, you know, you're an interesting thinker. And, and so let's say people in actual positions of power said to you, Curtis, let's, we're gonna do the courtesy Arvin thing. What are the steps that they would take to change American democracy into something like a monarchy? My honest answer would have to be, it's not exactly time for that yet, because what I see happening in DC right now, you know, nobody should be watching this panicking, you know, thinking I'm about to be installed as America's secret dictator. I don't think I'm even going to the inauguration, the, Were you invited?

(9m 53s):
No, no, no. Why? Why? Like, I'm an outsider man. You know, like I'm an intellectual and the actual ways in which my ideas get into circulation is actually mostly through the staffers and the kind of younger people who basically kind of, you know, swim in this, this very online kind of soup. And I think that's fine. I think that what's happening now in DC to sort of distinguish my much more radical ideas from what's happening now, I, I would say that's what's happening now is there's definitely an attempt to revive the White House as an executive organization, which sort of governs the executive branch.

(10m 34s):
And the difficulty with that is If you go to Washington and say to anyone who's like professionally involved in the business of Washington, that Washington would work just fine or even better if there was no White House at all. And they'll basically be like, yeah, of course the executive branch works for Congress. And so you have these poor voters out there who elected as they think a revolution, they elected Donald Trump. And, you know, maybe the world's most capable CEO is in There, right? Your point is, he can't, the the way the system's set up, he can't actually get that much done. He Can't actually do that much to it. And he can block things, he can disrupt it, he can create chaos and turbulence or whatever, but he can't really change what it is.

(11m 17s):
And now he had a Craig, Do you think you're maybe overstating the in efficacy of a president you could point to? Well, you know, the repeal of Roe is something that's directly attributable to Donald Trump being president's. You could point it's some, you, you one could argue that the covid response was attributable To Donald Trump being Yes. And I, I, I think, I think the Covid response is a better example. Certainly many things about Covid were different because Donald Trump was president here. I'll tell, I'll tell you a funny story. Sure. At the risk of bringing my children into the media, you know, in 2016, my son, who's daughter who's, he's now 14, he was six then, and my children were going to a shihi progressive manner and immersion school in San Francisco.

(12m 6s):
And so, so you Send your kids to a, she, sorry, I'm laughing. Of course, you send your kids to a shi she progressive school at, At that time, mannered emotion. A rubber hits the road if that's what happens. And indeed. And you can't isolate children from the world. Right. You know, and the, and so at the time, my late wife and I did not, we just adopted the simple expedient of not talking about politics in front of the children. Smart move recommended everyone. And, but of course everyone's talking about it at school, right? And my son comes home and he has this very concrete question. He's like, pop, when Donald Trump builds a wall around the country, how are we gonna be able to go to the beach? And I'm like, wow, you really took him literally like everybody else is taking literally, but you really took him literally.

(12m 51s):
And I was like, you know, If you see anything in the real world around you over the next four years, that changes as a result of this election. I'll be surprised In one of your recent blog posts, or I guess it's a newsletter, not a blog at this point. Yeah. You referred to JD Vance as I think as a normie. What do, what do you mean? I would say that the thing that I admire about Vance, and the thing that's really remarkable about him as a leader is that I think that he contains within him all kinds of Americans. You know, his ability to connect with like flyover Americans in the world that he came from is of course very, very great.

(13m 38s):
But the other thing that's neat about him is that he went to Yale and in Yale law school in fact. And so he can connect at a, he speaks, he's a fluent speaker of the language of The New York Times, which you cannot say about Donald Trump. And basically, one of the things that I believe really strongly, you know, that I haven't touched on when I talk about monarchy, is I think that it's utterly essential for anything like an American monarchy, is that you have to be the president of all Americans. And I think this is something that basically the new administration could do a much better job of reaching out to progressive Americans and not demonizing them and basically saying, Hey, you know, you wanna make this country a better place.

(14m 25s):
Like, I feel like you've been misinformed in some ways. You're not a bad person. This is like 10 to 20% of Americans. This is, a lot of people are like the NPR class. They're not bad people, evil people who wanna like, but the thing is, they're human beings. We're all human beings. And like human beings can support bad regimes. The question was why did you call JD Vance a normie? Because he contains within him normalness, he's also an intellectual and he contains within him intellectualism. And, and what you just said about, you know, the administration could do a better job of, of reaching out to progressives. And we're all human beings, as you well know, it's a pretty different stance than the stance you often take in your writing, where you, right, you're laughing.

(15m 10s):
'cause you know, it's true. Where, you know, you talk about things like deification, people who work those things are at places like The New York Times should all lose our jobs. We should, you know, you have an idea for a program called Rage Retire, all government employees, you know, you have ideas which I hope are satirical about, you know, how to handle non-productive members of society that involve basically locking them in a room forever. So why is your tone, has your thinking shifted? No, no. Is there, is rhetorical tone different in a setting Like this? You're, you're looking, you're looking, you're looking for different, my thinking is definitely not shifted. And you're finding different emphasis. Let me, you know, it's like when I talk about rage, for example, you know, both my parents worked for the federal government.

(15m 51s):
There were career, you know, federal employees, basically. It's a little on the nose from a Freudian perspective, but yeah, It's go on. It's, it is. But the thing is basically when you look at the way, when you look at those, the way to treat those institutions, I'm just like, treat it like a company that goes out of business, but sort of more so because these people having had power have to actually be treated even more delicately and with even more respect. And winning means. These are your people now. And so the thing is, when you understand the perspective of the new regime with respect to the American aristocracy, their perspective has can't be this sort of anti aristocratic thing of like, we're gonna like bayonet all the professors and like, you know, throw them in ditches or whatever.

(16m 41s):
Their perspective has to be that like you were a normal person serving a regime that did this like really weird and crazy stuff. But how invested do you think JD Vance is in democracy? It depends what you mean by democracy. I mean, I think that the problem is basically when people equate democracy with good government, when you use that word, you're using a very tricky word. I would say that what someone like I'm on very safe ground despite not knowing him well at all. That someone like JD Vance believes essentially in the common good. And you know, the idea that government should serve the common good.

(17m 25s):
And, and I think that people like JD and people in the sort of the broader intellectual scene around him, which is very varied intellectual scene, would all agree on that principle. Now, if that principle, I don't know what you mean by democracy in in in this context, what I do know is that if democracy is against the common good, it's bad. And if it's for the common good, it's good. I think what you just described might be something that Peter Thiel would agree with, and there was I think a progressive could agree with it. A a and there was reporting that I saw in, I think it was 2017 reporting done by buzzfeed, where they published some emails, I think between you and the Rightwing provocateur, Milo Opolis, where you talked about watching the 2016 election with Peter Thiel and referred to him as a fully enlightened, what, what would fully enlightened have meant in con What would fully Enlightened in that context?

(18m 27s):
What would foot fully enlightened for me generally means fully disenchanted. When I look at basically what the kinds of people that I know, not really that well in Silicon Valley, think I'm basically like, you know, have people like this been exposed to my ideas? Yes. Do they agree that America should be a monarchy? I doubt it, but I have no idea. But what they agree on is not a belief, but a disbelief. So I think that when a person who lives their life within the kind of, you know, sort of progressive bubble liberal bubble use whatever term you like of, you know, the current year looks at the right or even the new right.

(19m 15s):
Or whatever, you know, you want to call it. I think what's hardest to see is that what's really shared is not a positive belief, but an absence of belief. Basically. We don't worship these same gods. We do not sort of see, you know, The New York Times and, and Harvard as like divinely inspired in any sense, or we do not see their procedures as ones that sort of always lead to truth and wisdom. We do not think that the way the US government works, you know, really works well or seems to be perfect in any respect. And this absence of belief is what you call enlightened. Yes. Okay. It's a disenchantment from like believing in these old systems and the right thing that should replace that disenchantment is not, oh, we need to go do things Curtis's way.

(20m 5s):
And is basically a, just a greater openness of mind and a greater ability to look around and say, you know, like, we just assume that our political science is superior to Aristotle's political science because our physics is superior to Aristotle's physics. What if that isn't? So you're Basically saying there's a historical and political recency bias that people are susceptible to. Exactly. But, but I think the thing that you have not quite isolated yet is why having a, a strong man figure would be better for people's lives. Can you answer that question? Yes. Number one, I think that having an effective government and an efficient government is better for, for people's lives.

(20m 48s):
And I think that, you know, the best answer when I ask people to answer that question, I sort of ask them to look around the room and basically point out everything in the room that was made by a monarchy. Because these things that, you know, these things that we call companies are actually little monarchies. Yeah. Okay. And then you're looking around yourself and you see, for example, a laptop, and that laptop was made by Apple, which is a monarchy, and it has a little thing on it that says design in California and made in China. Right. It is made, This is an example you use a lot where you say, and if Apple ran California, wouldn't that be much better run than Right?

(21m 28s):
Whereas if, whereas If you, MacBook Pro was made by the California Department of Computing. Yeah. You can only imagine it. I'm sorry. I'm here in this building and I keep forgetting to make my best argument for monarchy, which is that people trust The New York Times more than any other source in the world. And how has The New York Times managed it is a fifth generation hereditary absolute monarchy. And so we've basically taken, you know, we've taken in some ways, like, and, and this was very much the vision of the early progressives, by the way, the early progressives, even like the pre-World War I progressives, you know, you go back to, you know, a book like, you know, drift and Mastery Yeah. You know, are very, I Say I find the depth of background information to be obfuscating rather than, than illuminating.

(22m 12s):
But how Can I change that? How can I make that by, By answering the questions more directly and succinctly, I think would be the simple, would be the simple Reply. Fine. I'll try. But, But the thing I'd like to say, just, just to tie this back a little bit to something we spoke about a minute ago is, you know, there is this idea that the incoming Trump administration is interested in the idea of a more powerful executive office. Are there things that you, If you saw them, would be hints that the Trump administration is taking the right steps as, as you might see it, towards actually enacting that reality and becoming a stronger executive? I would a more monarchical Executive office. I would say that the incoming Trump administration, you know, with, with all due respect and there's a lot of great people there and people who are working extremely hard, unfortunately, I would say that they're essentially finding them in a themselves in a position where they're trying to untangle the Gordian knot and meaning what?

(23m 10s):
Meaning that they're basically trying to, let's take just NASA in specific. So for example, If you compare NASA to SpaceX, you know, that's a fine example of actually all of the principles that I've been describing because NASA was once as efficient as SpaceX. So If you basically say, okay, at a very abstract level, forget the rest of the government. Elon go and fix nasa. The goal of NASA is to give us cool space shit. We feel like we're not getting enough cool space shit, you have $25 billion a year go and do cool space shit. I think you would get a lot more cool space shit under that principle. But one of the basic principles of kind of the California startup way of thinking is just to realize it's way easier to create a new NASA than it is to fix the old nasa.

(23m 57s):
And that that principle extends sort of around the government, You know, your ideas and I I guess has been called like sort of a, a, a neoreactionary cast of mind are seemingly increasingly popular in the Silicon Valley world. Don't you think there's some level on which that world is responding to your ideas because you're just telling them what they want to hear. If more people like me were in charge, things would be better. It's an ideologically useful set of arguments for them to, the funny thing Latch onto you. The funny thing, the funny thing is I think that's almost the opposite of the truth. Oh, it's like, let me give you a very simple illustration of this.

(24m 37s):
Someone I have actually never met, believe it or not, who is Elon Musk now, Elon tweeted the other day, he was like, the proper structure of government on Mars should be not just a democracy, but a direct democracy. Let me sort of examine the thinking behind Musk saying this because I find it sort of extremely odd in a sense. Like, because one of the things about monarchy that's been known for quite some time, and again, we even in very, very anti monarchical regimes and periods and exception is made for this, is that a ship always has a captain, an airplane, always has a captain, basically in any very safety critical environment, resume, You should have someone in charge.

(25m 20s):
You should have someone in charge. But the thing is, you look at basically a Mars colony and you're just like, really? Are the, like the citizens of the Mars colony gonna vote on like how to like replenish the oxygen supply or whatever? Like, no, of course not. The Mars colony that Yolan establishes will be a subsidiary of SpaceX and it will have someone in charge and it will have a command hierarchy just like SpaceX does. And so I'm like, Elon, when when you say that this should be a democracy, what are the people voting on? And so there's this world of actually real governance that someone like Elon Musk lives in every day and actually applying that world, applying that thinking to like, you know, being like, oh, this is, you know, this thinking is directly contradictory in a sense to the ideals that I was taught in this society.

(26m 16s):
That's a really difficult cognitive dissonance problem. Even if you're Elon Musk, When I hear you talk about the need for a monarch, and we'll just use that term, encompassing CEOs or dictators. Yeah, I'll just say monarch. Monarch Is good. It's a neutral term. It would be an understatement to say that sort of humanity's record with monarchs is mixed at best. Roman Empire under Marcus Aurelius seems like it went pretty well under Nero, not so much Spain's. Charles III is a monarch. You point to A lot, you know, he's like Sort of your favorite monarch, Louis I iv, who, you know, he is like Star Wars, like they're going outta business.

(26m 58s):
So those are all sort of before that, the age of of democracy. And then, then If you, The moderates in the age of democracy are just terrible. Ter terrible. I can't believe I'm saying a phrase like this. If you put Hitler aside and only look at Mao Stalin, pul pot pinoche, I mean, we're looking at people responsible for the deaths of something like 75 to a hundred million people. So given that historical precedent, do we really wanna try DIC dictatorship? When your question is the most important question of all, because basically understanding like why Hitler was so bad, why Stalin was so bad is really like essential to the riddle of the 20th century.

(27m 41s):
But I think it's important to note that we don't see for the rest of European and like world history. Yeah. Human history as a whole is a mixed bag. The history of the age of democracy in the last 250 years is also a mixed bag. But we don't see in human history, what If you didn't finish the a Holocaust, you know, you can pull the camera away back and basically say, wow, you know, in Europe since basically the establishment of European civilization from like a thousand ad to, you know, 1750 ad Yeah, we didn't have this kind of chaos and violence. And then you can't separate Hitler and Stalin from the sort of global democratic revolution that they're a part of.

(28m 26s):
But one thing I I noticed when I was going through your stuff is that, you know, you, you make these historical claims like the one you just made about sort of no genocide in Europe between 1000 AD and the Holocaust essentially. And then, you know, I poke around and said, huh, is that true? And then you think, well, well you have the stack of dead. Yeah, there was tamerlan he killed, there was a Tamerlan was not in Europe. I was, I meant Europe though, like, well, it's Okay on the edges of Europe and that's sort of like a goalpost shift there. But, but then, or you think, well there were the French wars of religion, they killed millions of people including the massacre of the hug knots. So I often find why you scratch a little at some of the historical, There, there was no massacre of Huguenots.

(29m 6s):
I think you're confusing it with a sack of bier and the massacre of the, the Ians. So they got massacred, not the Hugos. Yeah. But the thing is, when people look at the Holocaust, they saw like a new species of devil tree that had not really existed in the world in that way before. You know, when you see a city sacked in the middle ages, you see just like wild and disciplined troops like raging around, you don't see like lines of people march to their deaths. My skepticism comes from what I feel like is a, a, a pretty strong cherry picking of historical incidents to support your arguments.

(29m 46s):
And then I, I look and you're like, oh, there's, there's the incidents that you're pointing to are either not necessarily factually settled or there's a different way of looking at them. But I, I actually wanna just because some of the historical references are, are now actually making my head hurt. I just want to ask, ask a couple very concrete questions about some of the stuff you've written about race, for example. Mm. Which seems pretty provocative to say the least. I, I, I, I'll read you some examples. This is the trouble with white nationalism. It is strategically barren. It offers no effective political program. To me, the trouble with white nationalism is that it's racist, not that it's strategically unsophisticated. Well, there's two more.

(30m 26s):
There's two more. It is very difficult to argue that the Civil War made anyone's life more pleasant, including that of freed slaves. Come on, let's go, let's the third one. The third one, If you ask me to condemn Anders brave, the Norwegian mass murderer, but adore Nelson Mandela, perhaps you have a mother you'd like to fuck. So That was so, so, so, oh, let's go, let's go, let's go through each And, and this is a guy's saying, let's go, let's Go, let's, We'll, we'll Live through, let's go. We'll Achieve harmony. Let's go, let's go through each of those examples.

(31m 6s):
Yeah. And so when you look for example at Mandela, the reason I said that most people don't know this, there was a little contra comps when Mandela was released because he actually had to be taken off the terrorist list. I mean, maybe the more relevant point is that Nelson Mandela was in jail for opposing a viciously racist apartheid regime regime, But the viciously racist apartheid regime, basically they had him on the terrorist list. So If you look at, well, let, Let's get the, If you, If you, Let's get to the other two. Let, but again, your, your quote was, If you ask me to condemn Anders Brak but adore Nelson Mandela, I'd prefer to condemn them both. And the thing is basically when you look at the impact, you see, What does this have to do with equating Anders Brak who shot people on some, because they're both bizarre diluted omission to rid Norway of Islam with Nelson Mandela because They're both terrorists and because, because they basically both violated the rules of war in the same way.

(32m 5s):
And they both basically killed innocent people. We valorized terrorism all the time. This valorization of, So Gandhi then, is your model Martin Luther King nonviolent? It's more complicated than that, but is that, I could say things about either, but let's move on to one of your other examples. Sure. So, so I think the best way to basically grapple with that period directly, Which period are we talking About now? 1860s. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Let's talk about after. So We're talking about the Civil War African Americans in the 1860s. Yeah. Okay. The thing that you can do that any times reader can do, just go to your Google bar and Google slave narratives. Just go and read random slave narratives Yes. And get their experience of the time.

(32m 46s):
And so the thing is that basically the treatment of the freed slaves after the war is like extremely, there was a recent historian who published a thing, and I think this is, I would dispute this, this number is too high, but his estimate was that something like a quarter of all the freedmen basically die in between like 1865 and 1870. Yeah. Well, again, I I can't speak to the veracity of That's Too, that's too, I, anyway, anyway, the thing is basically like, you know, but But you're saying there are historical examples in slave narrative where the freed slaves themselves expressed regret at having, they freed. But this to me is, is another prime example of how you selectively read history.

(33m 29s):
Because If you read other slave narratives where they talk about the Oh yeah. Horrible brutality. Absolute. It's so What? Absolutely. And I say this, How does that justify, I say this in the conversation, Make anyone's life more pleasant, difficult to argue that anyone, that the civil, anyone, Anyone, wasn't anyone Including freed slaves? Anyone. Anyone Is anyone is anyone. Your Children are no longer sold out from Underfund. When I said anyone, okay, first of all, when I said anyone, I was talking about pop a population group rather than individuals. But are you seriously arguing that the era of slavery was somehow better than the era of It? The era of 1865 to 1875 was Absolutely, and the war itself wasn't good either.

(34m 10s):
But If you look at the living conditions for an African American in the South, they're absolutely at their nadir between 1865 and 1875. They're very, very bad because basically this economic system has been disrupted. But, but abolition was a necessary step to get through that period towards so to, to make people free. Sure. I can't believe I'm arguing this. Brazil, Brazil abolished slavery in the 1880s without a civil war. And so the thing is, you know, when you look at basically, you know, the cost of the war or the meaning of the war, you're basically just like, it just visited this huge amount of destruction on all sorts of people, black and white. I'm just like, all of these evils and all of these goods existed in people at this time.

(34m 55s):
And what I'm fighting against in both of those quotes, also in the way, you know, the people respond, you know, to bk, I'm like, basically you're responding in this kind of cartoonish way to something that terrorism, which is, you know, what is the difference between a terrorist and a freedom fighter? You know, that's a really important question in 20th century history to say that I'm gonna have a strong opinion about this stuff without having the answer to that question. I, I, I think is really difficult and wrong. Now, maybe you think I haven't been red pilled or whatever, or, or, you know, I'm not thinking through these issues enough. But I, I feel like to me, you call it cartoonish, I call it very morally clear. I can, I can say something like, you know, I think slavery was bad.

(35m 38s):
I'm glad there are no longer enslaved people. And then to hear you then say, well, you have to look at it from this other perspective, you know, the, you're you, this is a, a one dimensional view of history. I think, well, that's a no, I think it's pretty cut and dry. It just is very fascinating to me that your ideas, which strike me as pretty extreme, you know, they, they were fringe ideas to me that apparently are no longer on the fringe. And that's, I don't know. What do you think that says about conservatism today? Ideas? I think that American conservatism is in the long and very, very difficult grieving process of realizing that it has always been a fraud.

(36m 19s):
And I think one of the, especially dangers in American conservatism is that there's so much grift in it, and so much of it consumes so much energy and so much attention and produces so little. You are still a factor of a hundred from being able to give the people who are voting for you and donating to you anything like what they imagine they're gonna get from you. And when you say it's a fraud, I take that to mean insofar as it's conservatism is just The Washington generals are never gonna win the game. It just doesn't have the power to give anything that it promises.

(37m 3s):
After the break, I call Curtis back to ask more about the incoming administration. I think the fact that Trump is not really from America's social upper class has hurt him a lot in terms of his confidence. I think that that sort of limited him as a leader in various ways. I am Jonathan Swan, I'm a reporter at The New York Times. You know, when people think about the media, your favorite podcast, you know, cable news panels and different things.

(37m 44s):
I think it's fair to say that myself and my reporting colleagues at The New York Times exist at the more unglamorous end of that spectrum. Our job is to dig out the facts that provide a foundation for these conversations. These facts don't just come out of the ether. It requires reporters to spend hours upon hours talking to sources, digging up documents. Also, if the story is a story that a powerful person doesn't want in print, there's threats of lawsuits and all kinds of things. So it's a really massive operation. There aren't that many places anymore who invest at that level in journalism without a well-funded and rigorous free press, people in power have much more leeway to do whatever the heck it is that they want to do.

(38m 26s):
If you think that it's worthwhile to have journalists on the job digging out information, you can subscribe to The New York Times because without you, none of us can do the work that we do. Thank you for taking the time to talk with me again. I appreciate it. Oh, Thank you. Thank you. Let's have some more fun. You know, you do so often draw on the history of the pre deic era, which is a historical period, sort of exactly co-terminus with, for example, women being treated as second class citizens and, and sort of the status of, of women in that time period, which, you know, use sort of valorize is not something I've really seen come up in, in your writings.

(39m 17s):
But do you feel like your arguments take enough into account the way that monarchies and dictatorships historically tend not to be great for big swaths of demographics? So, okay, so let's look at, you know, enfranchisement in specific. So when I look at the status of women in, say, a Jane Austen novel, which is well before enfranchisement, it actually seems kind of okay, the women in, in Jane Austen's book seems to be fine Now who, who Are desperate to land a husband because they have no access to income without that. Well, you know, have, have you ever seen anything like that in the 21st century? I mean, the whole class in Jane Austen's world is the class of like UBI earning aristocrats.

(40m 0s):
Right? You know, but the, But are you, are you not willing to say that there were aspects of political life in the era of kings that were inferior or provided less liberty for people than political life does today? It's very, it's very hard. So first of all, when we say, when we say liberty, for example, so you, you did a thing that people often do where they confuse freedom with power. So free speech is a freedom. The right to vote is a form of power. And so the assumption that you're making is that through getting the vote in the early 20th century in England and America, women made life better for themselves.

(40m 44s):
Do you think it's better that women got the vote? First of all, I don't believe in actually voting at all. So it's a little, Do you vote? No, I believe that voting is providing this sort of almost kind of pornographic stimulus. It sort of becomes more like supporting your football team or something. It basically enables you to feel like you have a certain status. But the thing is, what does this power mean to you is really the most important question. And I think that what it means to most people today is that it provides a source of meaning for them. It makes them feel relevant, it makes them feel like they matter in a sense.

(41m 26s):
And I think that there's, there's something deeply illusory about that sense of mattering that sort of goes up against the very, very important question of we need a government that is actually good and that actually works and we don't have one. So your, the solution that you propose basically has to do with, like we've said multiple times now installing, call it a monarch, you call it a CEO figure. And the result of investing an individual with the power of A CEO would be hopefully a more efficient, more responsive, more effective government. Why do you seem to have such faith in the ability of CEOs?

(42m 9s):
I mean, most startups fail, we can all point to CEOs who are effective, CEOs who have been ineffective it. And it seems to me unlikely that putting that aside, that A CEO or dictator is much more likely to think of a state citizens as economic units rather than living, breathing human beings who, you know, have wanna flourish in their lives, who deserve, you know, the dignity of a secure retirement or meaningful leisure time. So why are you so confident that A CEO would be the kind of leader who could bring about better lives for people? It just seems like such a simplistic way of thinking. It's not a simplistic way of thinking. And having worked inside the kind of salt mines where CEOs do their CEO Oing business and having been a CEO myself, I think I have a better sense of it maybe unfortunately than most people.

(43m 3s):
Last time we spoke, I used the example of imagine if your MacBook had to be made by the California Department of Computing, or if your electric car had to be made by the US Department of Transportation. The thing is, the things that make companies succeed or fail. I will say Apple and Tesla, by the way though, have both benefited greatly from government help in various forms. So, well They live in a governed society. And so the thing is basically when libertarians talk about Apple and Tesla, they're saying, okay, here are the benefits of, of freedom, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. That's sort of true in a sense. But the benefit of freedom is that these, these organizations have used freedom to establish monarchies, which are, you know, completely top down command units.

(43m 53s):
Yeah. But again, we've gotten No, we've gotten away from the central question a little bit, which is, which Was, so that's the question. Why are you so confident that CEOs, That's the question, that's the question of efficiency. And so when I basically look at systems run by CEOs, I'm just like, basically I think that If you took any of the Fortune 500 CEOs, some of them are good, some of them are bad, but the overall qu, you know, just pick one at random and put him or her in charge of Washington. And I think you'd get something much, much better than what's there. It doesn't have to be Elon Musk, the like, median performance is so much better.

(44m 34s):
But you ask something that I think is a more important and more interesting question, which is, you know, you're like, okay, America needs a CEO who will be economically efficient, the CEO, who will be economically efficient, we'll think of human beings as pure economic units and we'll do things like, wow. Well, no, just the idea that a, that a company has goals that are not necessarily the same goals as how what a government might have insofar as providing for its citizens. Perfect, Perfect question. The thing is, normally we think of the goal of a company as making a profit or just selling more stuff, but that's not actually really the goal of a company.

(45m 15s):
The real goal of a company is to maximize the worth of its assets to make the stock price go up. Basically, like one of the ways to kind of unify the worldview of say, Charles the first and Elon Musk, is to realize that when Charles the first is thinking about his people, he is both thinking of them as economic assets and as human assets. He basically wants to see his country thrive and in order to see his country thrive, he wants people to be, of course he wants them to be producing as much wool or whatever England exports as possible, right?

(45m 56s):
But the sense of him being kind of, you know, the pater patri, the kind of the father of the country and sort of feeling about the people in his society, not exactly the way a parent should feel about his children, but sort of like the way a parent should feel about his children. That sense of like having a reciprocal obligation. So my goal as a CEO is not to rake in the bucks, but to make my operation flourish. Earlier you had said that you believe that regardless of what his goals are or what he says, Trump isn't likely to actually get anything transformative accomplished just because of the entrenched government bureaucracy that that exists.

(46m 46s):
But, but sort of putting that aside, what is your opinion of Trump generally? I think that Trump, you know, the funny thing is, I talked about FDR earlier in the earlier in our conversation, and I think actually, you know, a lot of people might in, in different directions might not appreciate this comparison. But I think that in a lot of ways Trump is very reminiscent of FDR because what FDR had was this tremendous charisma and self-confidence combined with a tremendous sort of ability to like be the center of the room, be the leader, cut through the BS and make things happen.

(47m 34s):
I think one of the main differences between Trump and FDR that has really held Trump back is of course that FDR is from one of America's first families. He's a, he's a hereditary aristocrat and you know, Trump is not really from America's social upper class. And I think the fact that Trump is not really from America's social upper class has hurt him a lot in terms of his confidence. I think it's hurt him in his ability to delegate to and trust people who are not part of his family. I think that that sort of limited him as a leader in various ways.

(48m 16s):
And one of the encouraging things that I do see is I do see him executing with somewhat more confidence this time around. It's almost like he actually feels like he knows what he's doing. That's, I think, something that's very helpful because, you know, insecurity and fragility is just, you know, it's his, it's his Achilles heel. What's your Achilles heel? What's my achilles heel? I think I also have self-confidence issues. I sort of rarely, I won't bet fully on my own convictions. Are there ways in which you think your insecurity manifests itself in your political thinking? Hmm, that's a good question.

(48m 59s):
I think that If you look at, especially my older work, I think I had this kind of joint consciousness that, okay, I feel like I'm onto something here, but I also like the idea that people would be in 2025 taking this stuff as seriously as they are now. When I was writing in 2007, 2008, I mean, I was completely serious. I am completely serious, but it sort of led to like, you know, I think a certain level of like, you know, it's like when you, when you hit me with the most outrageous quotes that you could find from my writing in 2008 or whatever, I'm basically like, yeah, you know, the sentiments behind that I can explain and articulate, and they were serious sentiments and they're, they're serious now.

(49m 51s):
What I've, what I have expressed it that way. What I have like trolled, I'm always trying to get less trollish. Like, you know, over time you'll see that I've definitely gotten less trolley. On the other hand, you know, If you read my recent blog posts, I can't really resist trolling Elon Musk, which might be part of the reason why I've never met Elon Musk. Do you, do You think you're, you're trolling instinct has maybe gotten outta hand? No, it definitely hasn't gotten, it hasn't gone far. I mean, no, I mean the, the, the trolling, like, what I realize when I look back is that actually, Do you think your trolling has now become a political program?

(50m 33s):
The instinct, the instinct to revise things from the bottom up is very much not a trollish instinct. It's very much, it's a very, it's a serious and an an important thing that I think the world needs. You know, I just, I I I gotta say there, there are a lot of things to do with your ideas that we just didn't get to, but the, the thing that I still find myself deeply unconvinced about is why blowing up democracy rather than trying to make it better, would somehow lead to better lives for, for the people who are struggling the most, Well, you know, I can't, I can lead a horse to we, of course, the, I think that as you start to, as the sort of walls fall away and you start to explore ideas that are sort of outside the very narrow bubble of the present that we live in, because there's no, I think it's impossible to deny that the variety of ideas in the space, which intelligent, thoughtful people like you sort of consider has grown sharply narrower in the 20th century.

(51m 53s):
And if there's really, one thing that I kind of want to do the most say with this kind conversation is to kind of make people feel like they can basically step outside of the very small box that they grew up in, and they can say, not everything outside that box is perfect. Many things outside that box are absolutely horrible. I'm not asking anyone to become a Nazi or an antisemite or even a, you know, misogynist, whatever that means. I'm asking them to sort of acknowledge that there are cases in which we're, our judgment of the past is completely right, and yet there are also ways in which the whole past would very unanimously point to things that we're doing and say, that's crazy.

(52m 39s):
I can't believe you're doing that. That's Curtis Jarvin. He writes on Substack, his newsletter is called Gray Mirror, and he has a new book called Gray Mirror Fascial One Disturbance. This conversation was produced by Wyatt Orm with help from Elisa Gutierrez. It was edited by Annabel Bacon, mixing by Catherine Anderson, original music by Dan Powell and Marian Lazano Photography by Philip Montgomery. Our senior booker is Priya Matthew and Seth Kelly is our senior producer. Our executive producer is Alison Benedict. Special thanks to Rory Walsh, Renan Borelli, Jeffrey Miranda, Nick Pittman, Maddie Maiello, Jake Silverstein, Paula Schumann, and Sam Dolnik.

(53m 23s):
If you like what you're hearing, follow or subscribe to The Interview wherever you get your podcasts to read or listen to any of our conversations, you can always go to ny times.com/ The Interview and you can email us anytime at The Interview at ny times.com. I'm m David Markey and This is The Interview from The New York Times.