
Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hi, my name is Molly Young. I'm a book critic at The New York Times. Since 2012, the UN backed World Happiness Report has put out an annual ranking of countries. For the past eight years, Finland has been at the top of the leaderboard sitting at number one. In fact, Nordic countries dominate all the top spots, which makes Finland's victory streak even more remarkable. The US came in at number 24 in the most recent report released in March of this year ranking just below the uk. I'd already been to Iceland number three and Costa Rica number six, as well as a few of the other countries that beat out the US on this year's ranking.


And when I found out that The New York Times Magazine was going to put out an issue devoted to happiness, I pitched going to Finland to see how the fins define happiness and of course how they achieve it. But I wanted to test Finland in the dead of winter at what I presume to be its lowest point I would test Finland on hard mode. So here's my article read by Julia Whelan. Our audio producer today is Tally Abacas and the music you'll hear was written and performed by Aaron Esposito. Thanks for listening. Coming to Helsinki in February is an objectively weird choice set a man named Miko Nan.


During this time, we don't have he paused colors. I was sitting in a coffee shop with Nan, a web developer and writer after flying to Helsinki to think about happiness. For eight years running Finland has been rated the happiest country in the world by a peculiar United Nations backed project called the World Happiness Report started in 2012. Soon after Finland shot to the top of the list, its government set up a happiness tourism initiative, which now offers itineraries, highlighting the cultural elements that ostensibly contribute to its status, foraging fresh air, trees, lakes, sustainably produced meals, and perhaps above all else saunas.


Instead of adhering to one of these optimal itineraries or visiting Finland at the rosiest time of year, any time except the dead of winter, I'd come to Nan's bafflement with few plans at all during one of the bleakest months, Would the happiest country on earth still be so mirthful at its gloomiest? When I explained this, ti recalled a quote by the Finnish author, YOKA Vila, that goes, Finland is a land where children play in darkness. The quote was both a metaphor and a descriptive statement. He suggested because of the country's global coordinates, Finnish kids do indeed play in the dark a lot To avoid being struck by vehicles, they clip decorative reflectors called heine to their coats.


The reflectors come in all shapes. Lemon poodle swan, hedgehog soccer ball, adults wear them too. I joke that going outside without my reflector is a way of inviting suicide. Nan said, if it happens, it happens. We were both drinking from small coffee cups, which are prevalent in Finland. Anyone wanting more than a thimble full of coffee had to pursue refills relentlessly took a sip, emptying his cup. My partner does not like this joke. My own happiness experiment was off to a poor start. I arrived the day before a Sunday afternoon in a capsule of germs, a packed plane vibrating with the sounds of coughing and phlegm management.


Monday dawned in sickness and jet lag, dressed and left my icy little hotel room. Stopping at a chain store called normal completely normal goods at fixed low prices for a bag of the region's signature treat salty licorice. Helsinki wore a hat of fog. You could see roughly 30 feet in the air before all was concealed behind a purley scrim. After coffee with Nan, I went for an evening walk to the harbor where black slicks of water twinkled between frozen flows, the stands that sold salmon soup and hot dogs during the day were closed. It was frosty and sparse.


Families walked together and ate in dimly lit restaurants. Helsinki's famous esplanade was empty. In spring, the central walkway becomes a riot of flowering crab, apples and bear shoulders. I had been told, but now the kiosks were shuttered. The trees skeletal, the paths plowed, but untrodden, I stopped at a bar for a drink and felt worse after finishing it as I knew I would given alcohol's peerless capacity to italicize whatever mood the drinker is already in. On the way back to the hotel, I thought about something Nan mentioned earlier outside his apartment, he said there stood a hideous mound of dirty snow streaked in mud and gravel.


He and his partner had joked about sending me a photograph of the mound as a pre souvenir, a sardonic. Welcome to Finland. There are obvious problems with measuring happiness despite thousands of years of inquiry. Nobody from Confucius to Aristotle to Jeremy Bentham, to Richard Easterlin to Oprah Winfrey can agree on what happiness is. Is it a quantum of pleasure? The absence of pain, a perception of purpose, hope, community. How does it relate to health or wealth or income? Is happiness a mood, a neurotransmitter?


The first world happiness report was a 170 page PDF with a chart that ranked countries by happiness. Denmark came in first, Finland second, Norway third, the United States was number 11. Since then, a new scorecard has been issued nearly every year. The rankings are based on a single question from which a huge amount in insane amount is extrapolated. The question is called the cantrill ladder. Here it is. Please imagine a ladder with steps numbered from zero at the bottom to 10 at the top. The top of the ladder represents the best possible life for you, and the bottom of the ladder represents the worst possible life for you.


On which step of the ladder would you say you personally feel you stand at this time? If like me, your instinct upon reading the above is to draw a ladder and number the rungs. As suggested you will end up with an 11 rung ladder, which is confusing the originator of the Cantrel ladder. A psychologist named Dr. Hadley Cantrel included a diagram of the ladder when he proposed the device in 1965. The diagram clarifies that zero is not actually a step, but refers to the space beneath the lowest rung. Cantrel also indicates that interviewers ought to move a finger rapidly up and down the ladder while posing the question.


Every year, representatives from Gallup contact approximately 1000 people per country, either by phone or face-to-face, and ask them to identify their location on the ladder. The authors of the World Happiness report then take those answers and combine them with the answers from the previous two years. For a sample size of around 3000 people, Nordic countries consistently dominate the top of the list. Finland has its well publicized eight year streak of happiness supremacy. Denmark, Iceland, Sweden, and Norway are reliably in the top 10. The most miserable countries tend not surprisingly to be those stricken with poverty, conflict corruption and human rights violations.


Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Yemen, Haiti. Between these two poles, you can see the shifting fates of nations. Poland and Portugal, for example, have each ascended nearly one full ladder rung. Since the survey began. The United States peaked at number 11 in the year 2012 and has tumbled since then. In mid-March, the 2025 World Happiness Report was released. It was the longest one to date, a 260 page PDF bursting with data. The United States had dropped one spot since the previous year to 24th place Finland sustained its winning streak.


The report was pounced upon with various levels of rigor by media outlets including this one. The most surprising parts of the report slipped beneath Notice. Would you have guessed, for example, that Italy number 40 is apparently less happy than El Salvador? Number 37 or that Saudi Arabia number 32 is happier than France number 33 or that Israel is in the top 10 or that Bhutan, the country whose own gross National Happiness Index gave rise to the report has been absent from the list since 2019 when it limped in at number 95.


And then there are the raw figures. Each country is ranked according to a score derived from the can ladder responses. Finland's current score is 7.736 while the United States measures 6.724 about a ladder wrong lower. If you look at it another way, Americans are 87% as happy as fins. That's not bad. What seems to bother American readers about the report is that it's a game we are not winning. Indeed, it's a game we're losing to our closest neighbors, Mexico number 10 and Canada number 18 year after year. The PDF's track are downward trajectory passed Lithuania and Slovenia and the United Arab Emirates.


If Americans are exceptional in our approach to happiness, it may have to do with an insistence on treating the matter as a glittering mystery, a thing requiring pilgrimage or a course at Harvard or Yale. Both schools have offered happiness classes to understand it's a quandary. We are tasked with solving as with many quandaries in this country, like taxes and health insurance and self-defense on our own. In a land of maximal freedom where the coffee cups are huge, where can just as easily imagine ourselves becoming billionaires or dying on a street corner. The span of the ladder is as wide as our imaginations allow.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists create connectivity solutions that change the way we work, live and play. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who is focused on revolutionizing the in-home wifi experience today and for the next generation, Kunle builds powerful Xfinity wifi devices that deliver a fast, reliable connection with capacity to connect hundreds of high bandwidth devices at once and next level latency for the applications of the future, like augmented and virtual reality and cloud gaming. Learn more at Comcast corporation.com/wifi.


This Podcast is supported by rents. These days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


All government buildings in Finland have a sauna on site nationwide. There is more than one sauna for every two fins. For obvious reasons. The sauna is somewhat over-indexed. In happiness tourism literature, there is a specific phrase for the blissful drowsiness associated with time spent. In a heated box, sa ku and a specific elf sauna Tu thought to live between a sauna's wall and heating apparatus, the elf becomes angry if a sauna door is slammed. On my second day I visited a place called Lola. It was my first and least representative sauna in that it requires visitors to wear a swimsuit.


Irregular costs 26 euros, expensive and is an architectural marvel, a building that resembles a heap of rocks with weathered pine planks arranged in faceted planes and concluding in a jagged terrace from the terrace. It was possible to walk down a set of stairs to the sea where someone had carved a mushy circular hole through the top layer of ice, allowing visitors to dip in the frigid water. Avanto Oni is the word for this tradition. As I had learned from Finnish influencers on YouTube, I watched the sea dippers from inside and outside the sauna. Knowing what lay ahead of me it was necessary to submerge.


If I did not, the next two hours would be ruined by wondering whether or not I was capable of it. The evening air was 32 degrees Fahrenheit. What was the temperature of the sea? I don't know. But aside from the sauna dug glory hole, it plateaued as solid ice into the near distance. Some people leaped from the stairs without hesitation and abided for 20 or 30 seconds giggling and gasping and treading water. Others lowered themselves from a ladder, wincing all the way padding down the stairs. I manually shut off my brain and jumped. There was a bitter taste in my mouth as though I'd been struck by lightning, followed by a sense that my cells were being rearranged.


A sauna goer down the deck clapped. The lone note of approval, inflated me with enough pride that I floated a few seconds before climbing back up the ladder. Upon ascending the stairs, I passed a man edging his way down and we grinned at each other. One person emerging from pointless triumph. One on his way there I watched the man dunk and gave a clap in turn, then hurried back indoors to the hot sauna, which made my skin feel as though it were outlined in a neon pen. There's a line in Martin Amos's novel London Fields where the narrator reflects that we are all poets or babies in the middle of the night struggling with being so too in a frozen sea, but warm to the core.


In the sauna, you relax and have piercing thoughts such as how wonderful it is to be hot, then cold, then hot, then cold the day after lowly, I visited a more typical sauna called ti, which had a neon red sign and two plastic chairs out front, one of them empty and the other occupied by a melancholy seeming man in a towel. The man gleamed in silence. Emitting heat through the door was a cramped vestibule with a communal freezer for guests to store beer. An employee collected the entry fee 16 euros and pointed up a creaky staircase that led to the women's locker room, which a friend had described to me as a scene.


It was if quietly a dozen women recently or imminently cleansed talked softly and retrieved items from wooden lockers beside windows with sheer burgundy curtains. There were tables and board games and a fake orchid and copies of a magazine called sauna and industrial sized tubs of hand sanitizer. Ti Harun had an air of utility, like a car wash or dry cleaning service and a faded charm. The only sign of touristic infiltration was a sauna etiquette plaque mounted on the locker room wall outlining the basics. Bathe before entering. Stay hydrated.


Don't wear perfume, don't have loud conversations. Don't compete to see who can stay in the sauna longest. Feel free to whisk yourself and others with bundles of leafy twigs. No other foreigners were visible in the locker room, yet everyone who knew I was going to Finland had urged me to visit ti Harun with its beer, freezer and neon sign. The sauna sat on a knife's edge between authentic and authentic. The territory between these points of awareness and over exposure is infamously narrow and ti Harun seemed to have been granted long-term residency in that slender DMZ.


Unlike many finished treasures, hay sine cloudberry juice, the sauna is well known beyond its borders, America has fans, including famous ones like Joe Rogan, LeBron James, and Lady Gaga. Avanti, or some version of it has become dere among fitness enthusiasts and fans of the Vitalist lifestyle. Though the cold plunging in the United States is typically done solo in a garage, possibly while you film yourself, what we lack is a sauna culture or perhaps any culture that unites us so fully. An artist I met earlier told me that her family's summer cottage had no hot water and no shower, but it did have a sauna.


Everybody has sauna. Yeah, another fin, an official at the tourism bureau said that she herself wasn't a heavy sauna goer only two times a week, but that If you don't have your own sauna, you will for sure have one in your building. A taxi driver named Caram told me that he had a private sauna in his apartment, but that I use it only if I'm tired or sore, so every day, ha ha. In Finland, sauna is not a means to an end. It will not make a person richer or more attractive or more focused. The point is not to sweat out toxins. Though that may occur, I'm not a scientist.


The point seems to be the act itself sitting in nude serenity among family, friends, and strangers, safe in the bone. Deep sense of trust that such an idol both requires and reinforces the first world happiness report. Summarizing the state of its research drew a distinction between two concepts, effective happiness and evaluative happiness. Effective happiness captures emotions, immediate responses to events, whether we are experiencing joy or sadness at one moment or another. Evaluative happiness is a more contemplative or systemic matter, mapping a person's overall appraisal of life and whether they are satisfied with theirs.


Effective happiness is the realm of laughter, fun picnics, parties, sex evaluative happiness is tied to good health, sufficient income, social cohesion, safety accrued synonym for evaluative happiness, and so much of this research flounders on the crudeness of synonyms would be contentment. That is what the Cantre ladder measures, and it should surprise no one that the Nordic countries with their long life expectancies, highly redistributive, tax regimens, functional governance, low corruption and shared norms land at the top of the charts. The type of happiness that tourists go to Finland to find isn't even the sort of happiness the country is accused of possessing.


A second area of confusion is that the two concepts of happiness, effective and evaluative can operate independent of each other. A woman in the midst of extruding a baby might suffer from labor pains, low effective happiness, but feel profoundly satisfied or purposeful. High evaluative happiness. The happiest country in the world label seems to imprint on the American mind as a never ending carousel of delights. But in Finland's February Chill, the reality is more modest.


This podcast is supported by Sattva. Spring cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus, and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sofa is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. Save $600 on $1,000 or more at safa.com/yt.


You know what's music to dog's ears, delivery playtime and simparica trio. Simica trio means getting outside and having fun. Knowing your dog is protected. It's the first monthly chewable that protects dogs from heartworm disease, ticks and fleas, round and hookworms. This drug class has been associated with neurologic adverse reactions, including seizures used with caution in dogs with a history of these disorders. Be sure to tap to read the full prescribing information. Ask your veterinarian about Simparica trio tap or visit simparica trio.com to learn more.


One morning I boarded a trolley and closed my eyes, partly in sleepiness and partly to listen. Finnish belongs to the Eno Ric family to which Hungarian and Estonian also belong. It has an ENT sound on the trolley. I thought of ocean waves cresting and crystalline droplets winding down stalactites. This interpretation may have been flavored by the nation's abundance of water features, lakes, rivers, sea, or perhaps the language itself had somehow been flavored by the water features or the association might have owed to finish intonation patterns which cascade from high to low.


Pitch over the course of a sentence because the stress is always on a word's first syllable. The language also has a cozy regularity like a horse clopping down a road. I got off at the city center and walked to Helsinki's main library, which looks like a ship made of carrot cake. It is called odi. The name was selected from 2,600 entries in a competition held a couple years before the library opened. In 2018, the jury sought a library name that was short, easy to pronounce, and not dedicated to a single person. ODI is finished for ode. A visitor enters through the prow of the enormous carrot cake ship and is prompted to remove her ice cleats if she is wearing them.


It was thronged, but quiet on the morning. I arrived and the disorienting combination of visual traffic with hushed ness made me feel as though I were wearing noise canceling headphones. Hey, an employee said in greeting, Hey. I said, what is the cost of a ticket? What shall I buy a ticket to enter? Ha ha ha. The employee said, no, we don't have tickets. Ha ha. No ticket. Of course, one does not need a ticket to enter a public library. The fanciness of the building had tripped some reflex to sacrifice cash, which itself caused an inner ripple of gloom.


On the ground floor of the library was a cinema, a cafeteria serving beat lasagna and carrot soup, and 22 children playing games of chess at window side tables. I escalated to the second floor, which featured a 3D printing station, a laser cutter, a large format printer, an engraving machine conference rooms for anyone to use and rocking chairs in which to sit and read. There were electric and acoustic guitars, nice ones to borrow, as well as a drum kit and multiple zither, a podcast studio, an electronic music studio, classrooms, a kitchen space that could be reserved for cooking with friends.


All of this was enchanting, but it was a piece of signage that took my breath away at home in Brooklyn, the library is papered with reminders to please keep your voice down in contradistinction. The signs that Odie said, please let others work in peace. The two commands are almost but meaningfully not synonymous. The Brooklyn version is a plea for the finish version is a request to acknowledge the existence of other people. You see the difference on the top floor were books, games, and sheet music from composers like Edvard, Greek and Yani.


There was a second cafe, more salmon soup, pink domed princess cakes and glass jars of fresh flowers at every table. Busa. Busers trees grew indoors, sunshine pressed gently through curved glass walls beyond the walls stood the house of parliament with its mighty gray facade. The ODI balcony was designed to rest at precisely the same level as the entrance to the house to symbolize democracy and dialogue. According to a library brochure, children in stocking feet rolled down a sloping spruce floor as though it were a grassy hill. Pause to contemplate the far fetched of a public library in a major US city that is clean enough for floor rolling, watching them frolic beneath a wavy egg of ceiling.


I became once again very sad. Here was a vision of human flourishing that was simultaneously simple and inconceivable. As a kid in San Francisco, I remember walking into a public library and overhearing a man crack the following joke for a homeless shelter. This place sure has a lot of books. It would be a mistake not to mention that Odie performed a shelter function too. There were people with an unusual volume of possessions using the space as a temperature controlled sleeping enclosure. It was allowed, the sleepers weren't confined to any particular section. They were neither avoided nor harassed.


If that was a Finn's idea of the floor zero on the cantrill or close to it, how much did it matter that the ceiling was also along certain axes? Rather low? Did any of these tall, thick cared Finnish people look around their library and think, what my country lacks is Jeff Bezos or the delusion of the opportunity to become him. Perhaps the absence of that thought alone moves you one step up the ladder. In the course of a text conversation with a friend, I mentioned that I was exceedingly glum. She called and kept calling until I called back, which is what a good friend does, and I rambled about my sorrow at watching the finished children rove and play and told her about how mothers of all ages gathered spontaneously in the library to chat or rest or idly massage their feet.


I explained that one of these mothers had placed her baby a child of no more than nine months in a high chair at a library cafe table, and handed him a vegetable puree to consider, then left for 20 minutes to fetch books. When she came back, we exchanged smiles. She asked where I was visiting from New York. I said, I have a little girl about your son's age. Ah, I haven't been to New York yet. I would like to go. We talked about children and libraries and the relative safety of our nations. Every few years there's a crisis where a baby is stolen, but then it is returned or found. 15 minutes later, she said a Finland nothing severe.


Her son finished his puree and they waved goodbye off to explore the fairytale wall Travel has the effect of de familiarizing one's home, and there were many things I learned about Finland Only by comparing them with the status quo back home from afar, actions I had considered annoying, but unrelated in New York, congealed into a category betraying a mixture of selfishness and cynicism, littering blocking subway doors, taking up two parking spaces, ignoring a mother, struggling to hoist her kid's stroller up or down a flight of stairs.


People behave antisocially for all kinds of reasons. I could not in the space of a week discover why fins did not rebel against their tiny coffee cups or litter or cut in line or carry out loud cell phone conversations in public places or why there was no visible dog waste. Although some one in five of them owns a dog. Or why, if a crosswalk light is red, a fin will wait until the light blinks green to cross, even if there is zero oncoming traffic in either direction. On and on. I complained to my friend on the phone wretched about the idea that my daughter would never eat vegetables alone in a library or paint northern lights on a fairytale wall beneath an indoor tree.


True said my friend. But there are worse places to raise a kid than in the United States. She was correct Romania, Kosovo, and dystonia among them, at least according to the World Happiness report, a week-long fixation on the Cantre ladder was warping any sense of proportion. The next day I departed the most life satisfied country on earth in a thin air plane that hiccuped queasily until it reached cruising altitude. What awaited me back in New York? First there would be the airport taxi line, a reliable case study in Misanthropy, then a slow journey home on pothole.


Expressways to an apartment with holes in the floor, medical bills, daycare bills. On the other hand, large coffee cups. All tourism starts out as happiness. Tourism. There are other words we use when we travel to visit family, conduct business or elude capture even if it mutates into a voyage of morbid introspection. During that first meeting with Miko Nan, I posed to him the Cantre ladder question like every fin I would go on to ask. He refused to indulge its premise. How would I know the answer? Nan said, I'm only having this one life.


No ladder, no top and no bottom. There was darkness. Now something is happening and I'm confused, and then there will be darkness again.


Hi, five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the premium jackpot package for 29 point 99 and claim up to 700 game coins, 55 sweeps coins, one sweeps coin daily bonus for five days and 400 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.