
My name's Charles Holmans, and I'm a reporter for The New York Times. I was a teenager when the Unabomber Manifesto was first published nearly 30 years ago, 1995. In the manifesto, which was titled Industrial Society and Its Future. Ted Kaczynski shared a vision of technology as not a series of machines and devices that made our lives easier, but actually a system that had its own priorities and intentions that were not fully aligned with the human species. This, of course, was way before most Americans had really engaged in any serious way with the internet, let alone social media or smartphones, which didn't exist.


You know, the time interest in the manifesto mostly came from environmental radicals who were somewhat sympathetic to kaczinski and futurists who actually agreed with him on a lot of where technology was headed though they thought that that was good, and later on he developed a following among right-wing extremists. But today something interesting is happening. You're seeing the Unabomber manifesto pop up in a lot of different political spaces, especially online. Some of them are extremists, but some of them are not that far from the mainstream. In some ways, I think it's part of this cultural desire to reevaluate these sensational figures from the nineties, whether it's OJ Simpson or the Branch Davidian leader David Koresh.


This is about how long it takes America usually to look again at its notorious criminals. And Kaczinski was a notorious criminal who murdered several innocent people and wounded or disfigured dozens more. But I thought there was something deeper going on with this resurgent interest in Kaczynski's Manifesto. It's gained a unique posthumous following that really transcends political categories, especially among young people. And so for today's Sunday read, I was interested in reexamining the story. I wanted to know how has Kaczynski's prediction of the future once considered obscure and impenetrable, become more recognizable to more people as technology has advanced?


So here's my article. Our audio producer today is Jack Dero, and the original music was written and performed by Aaron Esposito. Thanks for listening. Several years ago, James R. Fitzgerald, a retired FBI agent, found himself rereading an obstru tracked political philosophy called Industrial Society and its future written by a former University of California mathematics professor named Theodore John Kaczynski. Fitzgerald first encountered Kaczynski's treatise in July, 1995, shortly after Kaczinski anonymously mailed the typewritten manuscript to the Times in the Washington Post demanding its publication in exchange for his promise to stop killing people with package bombs.


Fitzgerald's photocopy of the original was dogeared and marked up with color coded annotations he made while trying to discern clues to the identity of the author, then known only as the Unabomber. To this day, he has no particular sympathy for the author, but there had always been passages in Kaczynski's indictment of technological civilization that gave him pause. Boy, I don't really disagree with this comment. He recalled thinking, and I don't really disagree with this statement, but dammit, he's a killer and we've gotta catch him. When we spoke recently, Fitzgerald recited one of Kaczynski's numbered paragraphs 1 73, which had been on his mind in light of artificial intelligence's rapid advance.


If the machines are permitted to make all their own decisions, we can't make any conjectures as to the results because it is impossible to guess how such machines might behave, and there was paragraph 92 which Fitzgerald remembered and reconsidered amid the COVID-19 vaccine mandates of which he was personally skeptical. Thus, science marches on blindly kaczinski road without regard to the real welfare of the human race or to any other standard, obedient only to the psychological needs of the scientists and of the government officials and corporation executives who provide the funds for research. You know what Fitzgerald said to himself, old Ted was maybe onto something here online.


There is a name for this experience. Tedpilling To be Tedpilled means to read. Paragraph one of Kaczynski's manifesto, Fitz assertion that the mad dash of technological advancement since the Industrial Revolution has made life unfulfilling led to widespread psychological suffering and inflicted severe damage on the natural world. End quote and think Well sure, or to encounter paragraph 1 56, which says, quote, new technology tends to change society in such a way that it becomes difficult or impossible for an individual to function without using that technology. End quote, after you've asked Alexa to order new socks and think that's not so crazy, or to read paragraph 1 74, which warns of a near future in which quote, human work will no longer be necessary and the masses will be superfluous.


End quote, while waiting for the AI assistant to whip up the PowerPoint for your afternoon meeting and think maybe an off-grid cabin in Montana wouldn't be such a bad investment. Most of the Ted Build stop well short of Luigi Mangione, the accused killer of the United Healthcare Chief Executive Brian Thompson, who gave industrial society and its future a four star review on good reads. Some months before the assassination writing quote, it's simply impossible to ignore how prescient many of his predictions about modern society turned out. The more judiciously Ted build treat kaczynski's ideas with a wink and more than a few caveats, of course it's true, they begin that Kaczynski was an irredeemable criminal who his own voluminous diaries suggest murdered at least as much out of misplaced revenge and spite as he did out of ideological commitment.


Of course, his victims did not deserve to die as three did war to live with permanent disfigurement or other lasting wounds as 23 more did. And yet here's Tucker Carlson on his show in 2021, quote, the Unabomber bad person, but a smart analysis. When Blake Masters was running for senate in 2022, an interviewer asked him to name an underrated, subversive thinker who would influence people in a good direction. I'll probably get in trouble for saying this, he said, but how about Theodore Kaczinski? It has been hard not to notice in the years since Kaczynski's 2023 death by suicide in a federal prison in North Carolina, the taboos weakening the caveats growing fewer and further between.


This is especially true on the right where pessimism and paranoia about technology not long ago largely the province of the left have spread on the heels of the pandemic and efforts to police speech on social media platforms. When Kaczinski died, Joe Allen, the contributor to the website of Stephen k Bannon's War room podcast argued that quote, it's worth reflecting on Ted's dark vision. Even Elon Musk, a man whose company Neuralink has raised hundreds of millions of dollars to implant computers in people's brains has weighed in considering the first sentence of industrial society and its future. Quote, the industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.


End quote, Musk wrote on X, he might not be wrong. Carlson masters and Musk all inhabit the ever blurrier borderlands between the right wing of the Republican party and more extreme or at least esoteric political territories whose residents delight in theories about racial and societal determinism in romanticizing past lifeways and interrogating the value of our soft entertainment adult society. It's not so surprising that Kaczynski has found a home there, but Kaczynski has also become a kind of crossover figure and a remarkably post-partisan one capable of drawing nods from everyone from vaccine skeptical Republicans to Musk skeptical Democrats to internet native teenagers.


How many other domestic terrorists have been name checked in conservatives complaints about the erosive effects of social media and also in TikTok or his videos from a bucolic weekend at the lake. His manifesto, which was dismissed in the 1990s as impenetrable is now the subject of YouTube videos drawing millions of views a piece. It's not so hard to understand why Kaczinski mailed off his manifesto two months before Netscapes IPO in what were for many Americans the last days of the pre-internet era. 30 years later, we occupy a disorienting moment when the visions of techno optimists and techno pessimists alike seem on the verge of realization when a miraculous future and a dystopian one seem at once within our reach and beyond our control.


Industrial society and its future was published by the Times in the Post 30 years ago in September at the urging of FBI investigators who wagered that giving into the bomber's demand to distribute this manifesto would be worth it if one reader in a million recognized the writing. One did David Kaczynski, whose tip led federal agents to his brother's small cabin in the woods outside Lincoln Montana. Ted Kozinski was arrested on April 3rd, 1996. Almost a year after the far right anti-government extremist Timothy McVay blew up the Alfred p Murra Federal Building in Oklahoma City. Conservatives had chaffed at Democrats attempts to link McVay's views to the rhetoric of right wing talk radio, and they were quick to brand kaczinski as the liberals.


McVeigh as the details of his life and crimes emerged. Harvard education a late 1960s teaching stint at the University of California Berkeley bombing targets borrowed from an earth first publication. Rush Limbaugh proclaimed him a left-wing nut. The conservative columnist Cal Thomas wanted to know where were liberals, quote, cries against radical extremism now that one of their own has been implicated in the horrid deed of bombs by mail, but Kaczinski was not one of their own. His manifesto spent nearly as many words denouncing leftism as it did attacking technology. Although environmental degradation infuriated him, it was a distant secondary concern to the loss of personal liberty, which he defined in terms a libertarian would recognize still Thomas's what Aboutm was not totally misplaced.


Kaczinski did undeniably stir something among the segment of the liberal intelligentsia that looked ambivalently upon the social and environmental consequences of the ascendant neoliberalism and globalization of the 1990s, a liberal criminal defense lawyer in San Francisco named Doug Horn grad told a reporter quote, one thing I've noticed among the intellectual elite at this place is that this guy has actually kind of admired privately some read kaczynski's writing sympathetically as a sort of culture critic indictment of a country amusing itself to death at the end of history where yuppies dozed off alone in McMansion rec rooms as the Waco standoff and the OJ Simpson car Chase unfolded live across their home theater screens.


There's a bit of the Unabomber in most of us, the journalist Robert Wright wrote in time in 1995 after the first excerpts from the manifesto were released. VCRs and microwave ovens have their virtues, but in the everyday course of our highly efficient lives, there are times when something seems deeply amiss. But when it was published in full, the manifesto offered little support for this interpretation. Either Kaczinski didn't believe modern society had gone wrong. He believed it was wrong. Sean Fleming, a research fellow at the University of Nottingham who is at work on a book about Kaczynski, describes kaczynski's writing as Nietzsche like in its defiance of easy categorization, a quality that explains the attraction of the Unabomber to what he calls radicals of all stripes.


Most of the ideas in industrial society and its future Fleming rights were borrowed from a small handful of Cold War era writers, most prominently Jacques Kalu, the French sociologist whose most influential work the technological society appeared in English translation in 1964 when Kaczynski was a graduate student. Alu argued that modern civilization in its pursuit of rational efficiency had in effect acquired a mind of its own. The system quote has become autonomous. Alu wrote Kaczynski drawing from popular books on evolutionary psychology argued that this technological system was an inevitable consequence of the Darwinian pursuit of advantage in which the survival of individual and society alike required innovation to outcompete one's neighbors.


This meant that the system could not be reformed. Kaczynski wrote, you can't get rid of the bad parts of technology and retain only the good parts. He concluded it would be better to dump the whole stinking system and take the consequences. The notion that humanity in building the technological society had built its own prison was hardly original in 1995. What distinguished Kaczynski obviously enough was his conviction that technological society needed to be demolished as quickly as possible with violence. This earned him a trickle of Wouldbe acolytes during his long incarceration, radical environmentalists and and Arco Primis at first and later eco fascists, the faction of white nationalists who built on Hitler's view that race war was necessary for survival in a world of finite resources.


Anders bearing brave the Norwegian neo-Nazi mass murderer plagiarized kaczinski in his manifesto. Beyond the far fringes, though Kaczinski was more or less forgotten about in the post September 11th decade, as Americans obsessed over a very different kind of anti-modern radicalism with the man himself locked away in a Colorado supermax prison, the world seemed happy to disengage from the ideological component of his crimes, the troubling way. They directed a familiar uneasiness toward ghastly conclusions Besides the anarchists and neo-Nazis.


Practically the only people who took kaczynski's ideas seriously for years after his incarceration were his most direct ideological nemes techn Ray Kurz wheel. The computer scientist and futurist wrote in his 1999 book, the Age of Spiritual Machines quote, I was surprised how much of Kaczynski's manifesto I agreed with when Kurz wheel showed Bill Joy, co-founder of Sun Microsystems, a passage from the manifesto on the future of artificial intelligence. Joy found himself troubled. He later wrote, quote, as difficult as it is for me to acknowledge, I saw some merit in the reasoning in this single passage, the techno optimists shared kaczynski's view that technology was not a series of innovations, but a quote, holistic self perpetuating machine.


As the futurist Kevin Kelly wrote in his 2010 book What Technology Wants, they also agreed that the near future would be one in which human existence was ruled by a system that humans did not control. Where Kelly and Kurzweil differed from Kaczinski was in viewing this future as navigable even profoundly exciting and inevitable no matter how many bombs you built. It's not surprising that broader interest in Kaczynski began to tick upwards in the early 2010s as the average person's daily experience of technology shifted from discrete tools and entertainment devices to near constant participation and powerful and inescapable networks. When the system that both Kaczynski and the futurist described went from abstract to concrete, lamenting Facebook and Twitter and quote, the ease with which technology taps the ego and drains the soul and quote the Fox News contributor Keith Ablo argued in 2013 that Kaczynski was quote precisely correct in many of his ideas.


Since then, fights over misinformation and hate speech have made those networks a polarized battleground while evidence of their psychological and social harm becomes stark. And over the past several years of increasingly rabid AI advance technologists have come to sound as much like Kaczynski as Kurzweil moguls like Sam Altman of open AI have brazenly redefined Silicon Valley's higher purpose from expanding human opportunity for stalling an apocalypse that they insist only they conveniently enough are capable of. Avoiding Kaczynski's vision of a species wide rebellion against our own creations was farfetched in 1995, but in 2025, even his personal retreat from technological society seems practically impossible.


The robots will be everywhere soon enough and only the people who build them can afford to buy land in Montana these days. The sense that there is no escape from technology and its consequences has fostered the very loose, very online ethos known as doism and irony mediated marriage of nihilism and utopianism in which apocalypse is inescapable. But the possibilities on the other side of it are vast, unencumbered by the constraints and cramped imaginations of politics as we've known them. It is perhaps no surprise that Kaczynski is ubiquitous in this milieu quoted and MeMed and venerated on social media and message boards as Uncle Ted.


In this context, Kaczynski's manifesto is less the blueprint for resistance he hoped it would be than a theoretical framework for understanding the dystopia. We now must figure out how to live in and how we got here in the goofier corners of Ted Pilled social media. He has invoked tongue mostly, but not entirely in cheek as a kind of Lorax figure, a weird feral creature to whom humanity should have listened when we had the chance on X. His G glowing image is superimposed over headlines about Japanese men marrying virtual reality brides on TikTok. His manifesto is quoted live, laugh, love style, and posts about wilderness hiking vacations.


The scroll through enough of it and the lines between jokey provocation and onic aspiration become difficult to discern. You remember that these are often people too young to remember a time before the iPhone for whom kaczynski's alarms come from a world not much more distant and unthinkable than Rousseau's. And you notice the phrase that accompanies many of the posts the way it sounds more like a rueful shrug than a call to arms. Uncle Ted was right.