
Support for this podcast comes from Alvan Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents'. Ohio Farm and Alvan Grid Wind Farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money and I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@alvangrid.com.


From The New York Times, I'm Sabrina Tnsi. And This is The Daily. Just three weeks after presidential candidates, Donald Trump and Kamala Harris engaged in a fiery and often hostile debate, their running mates, JD Vance and Tim Walz met for their own debate and struck a very different chord. Today. My colleague, political correspondent Reed Epstein on why this debate was so different and what it could mean for the race. It's Wednesday, October 2nd.


Okay. Okay. I need to list, By the way, Reed Epstein has the largest barrel. We talk about barrel of m and ms that I've ever seen. You should have seen the bag of Sour patch kits that I bought To get through debate night to get through the VP debate night. You need some sour patch kits? Yeah. Okay, Let's make a show. Let's make a show. Reid Epstein, Sabrina. So it is now 12:17 AM We are sitting in the studio. You have brought me some m and ms, which I'm very happy about. And you know, there's a sort of conventional wisdom in presidential elections that vice presidential debates are not that important.


Usually by this point in the campaign, you know, voters have had a lot of time to get to know both the top and the bottom of the tickets. They're pretty well decided about how they feel about the candidates, but this year is different. We had one candidate drop out, Joe Biden. Kamala Harris, the current VP moved to the top of the Democratic ticket and very quickly chose her running mate Tim Walz. And on the Republican side, Donald Trump announced a new running mate in JD Vance. All of this, of course, happened very quickly in the course of two months. So going into the debate, what did we know about these two VP candidates and and what they were bringing to their tickets? Well, let's describe a little bit about who these people are.


The first to be named to the ticket was JD Vance, the Ohio Senator who was first elected just two years ago. Vance wrote a bestselling book in 2016, hillbilly Ology. Hillbilly Ology. And he ran for the Senate in 2022. He's relatively new to national politics. He has a relatively undistinguished senate career as most new senators do, Relatively short Be fair. And he's, and he's only 40 years old, which is young to be on a national ticket. How would you describe him? He Brooks, no quarter. He is a very smooth articulator of the Trump agenda and seems to always be fighting in a way that clearly pleases the former president.


And What about walls? You know, walls had a long career in Minnesota politics and a long career as a public school teacher. Before that, former high school football coach, he grew up in Nebraska. He was named to the ticket in part because he was good on television, articulating the Democratic agenda and fighting back against some of the ideas that animate Trump and JD Vance. And he of course coined the idea that they were weird and that their ideas were weird at a time when that idea spread across sort of the, the entire Democratic universe. Okay. So both candidates were picked in part because they're good communicators for their side.


So in tonight's debate, what was their primary mission? What was their job? Well, their first goal was to not make any mistakes that can be weaponized against them. The second goal was to make a case against the top of the opposing ticket. Okay. And the third thing they needed to do was to make themselves appear as plausible and credible presidents of the United States and commanders in chief. And that was especially acute for JD Vance, since his running mate is 78 years old. So how did they begin? We're gonna begin tonight with the Middle East, Margaret. Thank you Nora. So the first question was about the conflict in the Middle East between Israel and Iran.


Governor Walls, if you are the final voice in the situation room, would you support or oppose a preemptive strike by Israel on Iran? You have two minutes. Well Thank you. and thank you for those joining at home tonight. Let's keep in mind And Tim Walz did not sound at all sure of himself in his answer. Iran or I Israel's ability to be able to defend itself is Absolutely fine. He seemed to confuse Israel and Iran and describing their actions. Right now, the person closest to them, the per to the Donald Trump said he's unfit for the highest office. That was Senator Vance. He was sort of slow in his manner of speech.


He's paused a couple times. Defend Is absolutely fundamental. He used the word fundamental four times. In that opening answer, I noticed That fundamental, fundamental. But what's fundamental here is It did not look great for him at the start Committed. And as the vice President said today is we will protect our forces and our allied forces and there will be consequences. Governor, your time is up. Senator Vance. The same question And Vance seemed very polished. I wanna answer the question, but I wanna actually give an introduction to myself a little bit. 'cause I recognize a lot of Americans don't know who either one of us are. I was, He opened with his biography. My mother required food assistance for periods of her life. My grandmother required social security help to raise me.


He sounded more folksy and he answered the question in a way that walls didn't. It is up to Israel what they think they need to do to keep their country safe. And By saying that Israel is our ally and will stand by whatever decision they make, Guys, I think that's the right approach to take with the Israel question Where Walls sort of talked and talked and didn't really respond to the question. Yeah, he didn't land an answer, whereas Vance did. Vance did. And Vance also sounded like he knew more about the situation in that moment than Walls did, just by the nature of his presentation. Well, to that point, The economy is a top concern for voters.


One of the first issues that really popped for me was this issue of the economy. And Vance kind of comes out of the gate and really just does this thing that Trump failed to do in the debate with Harris, which is, you know, put his finger on this idea that the working class had been shafted by the political class in the United States. Right Now, Donald Trump's economic plan is not just a plan, but it's also a record. A lot of those same economists attacks. So Vance lays out a fairly compelling case about how all the experts that the government had relied on over the years were wrong about international trade. But those same experts for 40 years said that if we shipped our manufacturing base off to China, we'd get cheaper goods.


They lied about that. They said if we cheap shipped our industrial base off to other countries, to Mexico and elsewhere, it would make the middle class stronger. They were wrong about that And about manufacturing and about engaging with Mexico and China and Vance talked about how that hurt the middle class in small towns like where he grew up. Donald Trump had the wisdom and the courage to say to that bipartisan consensus, we're not doing it anymore. We're bringing American manufacturing back. We're unleashing American energy. We're gonna make more of our own stuff. And this isn't just an Advance, probably had his strongest moment of the debate in this discussion. And he did a compelling job of explaining Trump's vision in a way that really sanded the hard edges off of Trumpism in general.


This has to stop. And we're not gonna stop it by listening to experts. We're gonna stop it by listening to common sense wisdom, which is what Donald Trump governed on. Senator, you're Talking about Governor Wallace. Can you address that? And how did Walls respond to that? If you're listening tonight and, and you want billionaires to get tax cuts, you heard what the numbers were. Look, I'm a union guy on this. You know, he gave the standard response to Trump's economic plan from the Democrats Give, they said that he would give tax cuts to billionaires is Donald Trump was the guy who created the largest trade deficit in American history with China. And he talked about Trump losing a trade war with China when he was president.


I, I'm not a guy who wanted to ship things overseas, but I understand He didn't really engage that much in France's argument that the experts let us down this path. But he tried to make an argument against Trump's economic policies in general, And he kind of was struggling. I mean, he doesn't have a great case to make because inflation is high and housing prices have risen. And you know, the economy is generally a weak point for Democrats. It's a weak point, but it's one that where they're getting better. But Walls did not make a crisp case on their behalf here. So Vance really looked on stage like he just was kind of breezing along and you know, he was delivering these arguments that were really the Republican's best issues.


He was doing them well and you know, just generally he was owning the stage walls wasn't really breaking through at all until you got to The issue of reproductive rights. The issue of abortion, which you and I were watching this together, Reid, it was about at the 44 minute mark, 44 minutes, almost exactly midway through was when the first question about abortion came up. Says, but look, this, this issue is what's on everyone's mind. This is an issue that the Harris campaign wants injected into the bloodstream of every conversation. Donald Trump put this all into motion.


He brags about how great it was that he put the judges in and overturned Roe versus Wade. 52 years of personal autonomy And walls did quite well here. The fact of the matter is, how can we as a nation say that your life and your rights as basic as the right to control your own body is determined on geography. He talked about how the Trump argument that this is an issue left for the states means that human rights are different depending on what state you live in. There's a young woman named Amber Thurman. She happened to be in Georgia, a restrictive state. Because of that, she had to travel a long distance to North Carolina to try and get her care.


Amber Thurman died In that. She talked about women who have died or become gravely ill because they didn't have access to healthcare that had been available before the Supreme Court overturned Roe versus Wade. And he made this case that healthcare decisions are best left to women and the doctors that treat them. And what about Vance? What about his response? Healthcare Senator? It May respond to that. First of all, governor, I agree with you. Amber Thurman should still be alive and there are a lot of people who should still be alive. And I certainly wish that she was Vance gave what was probably the most effective response available to him given his and Trump's positions on abortion.


That's Why Donald Trump and I are committed to pursuing pro-family policies, making childcare more accessible, making fertility. He talked about giving women options to continue pregnancies in, in ways to help the Republicans be pro-family. I want us to make it easier for moms to afford to have babies. I want to make it easier for young families to afford a home so they can afford a place to raise that family. And I think there's so much that we can do, Which is not exactly been their strong suit. And Reid, what did you make of Vance's response though? I mean, it felt like a bit of a slight of hand that he was doing kind of like a, he was performing a magic trick. He was saying, on the one hand, I kind of feel for women on this issue, but I really support IVF.


You know, he was kind of doing this double speak in A way. Well, and he was trying to explain Donald Trump's position more than he was his own position. He said it is a matter left for the states to decide. He said the proper way to handle this As messy as democracy sometimes is, is to let voters make these decisions. Let the, Is to let voters make these decisions for themselves and let the states set their own abortion policy. We can be a big and diverse country where we respect people's freedom of conscience and make the country more pro baby and pro-family. But please, And it was an exchange that walls really did not let him get away with Proposition.


These are women's decisions to make about their healthcare decisions. And the physicians who know best when they need to do this trying to distort In Vance. For the first 45 minutes of the debate had been in command of the event. And once this discussion shifted to abortion, it was Vance who struggled to explain the policies of his ticket and walls who was on offense. It marked a shift in this debate that we saw play out over the second half.


We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


Amgen, a leading biotechnology company needed a global financial company to facilitate funding and acquisition to broaden Amgen's therapeutic reach, expand its pipeline, and accelerate bringing new and innovative medicines to patients in need. Globally. They found that partner in Citi, who seamlessly connected banking markets and services businesses can advise finance and close deals around the world. Learn more at citi.com/client stories.


So, you said that the tide of the debate really changed with the abortion discussion right about Midway. Where did it go next? What stood out to you in that second half? Welcome back to the CBS News, vice presidential debate. We wanna turn now to America's gun violence epidemic. You know, the first moment of the second half was a discussion about gun control and gun violence. Governor, you have two minutes. Well, I think all the parents watching tonight, this is this your biggest nightmare? Look, I got a, I got a 17-year-old and, and he witnessed a shooting at a community center playing volleyball. Those things don't leave you. And Walls introduced this story that he's told a couple times about his 17-year-old son witnessing a shooting while playing volleyball in a community center in Minnesota.


It was a pretty raw story. It was a, and as he said this, you could see Vance flinch a little bit. And for all the preparations and the practice, Vance had not prepared himself for this moment. Senator Tim, first of all, I didn't know that your 17-year-old witnessed a shooting and I'm sorry about that and I hope appreciate Okay, Christ have mercy. It is, it is awful. And he said he didn't know that Gus Walls had witnessed a shooting. Hmm. And it was a moment of humanity that we don't often see in these situations. It was Vance as a father, not in the way where he talked about his own kids to make a political point, but a way you could see him having real empathy for Wall's son in a way that hadn't come across in any of the rest of the policy debates.


It was a fascinating look at how Vance dealt with a real life situation. But then Let's turn now to the top contributor to inflation. The high cost of housing and rent. There was a discussion about housing, there was a discussion about federal lands Houses in the same federal land. There was sort of more about immigration blame Immigrants for higher housing prices. The discussion was much more policy based and it got very in the weeds and wonky. Yeah. I was really surprised at just how much policy was there. It's like I felt like I hadn't heard it in a long time. We're so used to Trump with his own kind of gravitational force.


And those debates sound different. This sounded like an old school political debate where people talked about policy and you know, were civil to One another. It was less about the personalities of the figures on stage than it was about what they would do in office. Exactly. I mean, it struck me that Vance was very good at repackaging and repurposing Trump's message. I mean, he kind of put it through this like, you know, civility, normalization machine and it popped out and it sounded pretty good. I mean, Vance is very skilled at making Trump sound reasonable and making his ideas come across in a way that don't sound perhaps as scary or sharp-edged as Trump does when he sort of, as a blunt force instrument, delivers them as the only possible solution.


And anyone who says anything different is wrong and anti-American. Right. But he could only go so far. Let's talk about the state of democracy, the top issue for Americans after the economy and inflation. So Where did Vance hit up against the limits of being able to sell Trump's policies In the same place that a lot of Republicans find themselves at odds with reality. And that's the 2020 election. Senator Vance, you have said you would not have certified the last presidential election. Would you again seek to challenge this year's election results? He was asked if he would seek to challenge this year's presidential election results, even if every governor in America certifies them at the state level.


Look, what President Trump has said is that there were problems in 2020. And my own belief is that we should fight about those issues, debate those issues peacefully in the public square. And Vance tried to pivot And it's Kamala Harris saying that rather than debate and persuade her fellow Americans, she'd like to censor people who engage in misinformation. I think that is a much bigger threat to democracy than anything that we've seen in this country. He didn't really answer the question. He said censorship is a bigger threat to democracy than Donald Trump saying protestors should peacefully protest the election. Governor. Well I've enjoyed tonight's debate and I think there was a lot of commonality here.


And I'm, I'm sympathetic to misspeaking on things and I think I might have with, with the Senator, but Me Too, man. There's One, there's one though that this, this one is troubling to me and I say that because I, I think we need to tell the story. And Walls didn't buy this for a minute. 140 police officers were beaten at the capitol that day. He talked about January 6th protesters In Minnesota. A group gathered on the state capitol grounds in St. Paul and said, we're marching to the governor's residence and there may be casualties. The only person there was my son and his dog, who was rushed out crying by state police, Not just in Washington, but coming after his home in St. Paul, Minnesota When Mike Pence made that decision to certify that election.


That's why Mike Pence isn't on this stage. He said at one point if Mike Pence had not certified the election, he would still be Trump's running mate today. Yeah. And then Walls asked the question that JD Vance is unable to answer the election. I would just ask that, did he lose the 2020 election? Which is, did Trump lose the 2020 election? Tim, I'm focused on the future. Did Kamala Harris censor Americans from speaking their mind in the wake Of, in Vance doesn't answer it. He says he's focused on the future and he tries to pivot back to asking, did Kamala Harris censor Americans from speaking their minds about Covid in 2020?


He totally dodges. That is a damning. That is a damning, non-answer. Has she? It's a damning, non-answer for you to not talk about censorship Obviously. And Walls points that out to everyone watching. And he called it a damning non-answer. Answer. And Vance tried to save himself by saying it was damning for walls not to talk about censorship. But that wasn't what the question was about. And frankly, it is less of a threat to democracy than the question of free and fair elections. But this whole exchange really illustrated the red lines that nobody in Trump's world can cross, which are, you can't say that Trump lost the election.


You can't blame Trump for January 6th. You can't say that he incited the riot. And so it was a very skilled moment from walls who didn't look particularly skilled for much of the night to pose that question to Vance, knowing that it was one that Vance couldn't answer. And that was the last big moment of the debate. And thank you both for participating in the only vice presidential debate of this election cycle. And what did you make of that moment? You know, I think this is the moment that we will remember from this debate. Vance had spent at this point an hour and a half ably answering most of the questions that came across and the ones that were trickier.


He sort of talked his way through and then he got what might have been the easiest question of the night who won the last election. And he's not able to answer it. You know, that idea that he is not saying everything that he knows or hiding something or altering his remarks to please someone else is a very dangerous proposition in politics. 'cause it suggests that he's not leveling or being straight with people. And if Vance has that stripped from him at this stage, that he can't be trusted on the basic question of democracy, it's a difficult thing for him to overcome on other issues.


But does this have an effect electorally? I mean, are undecided voters actually watching a vice presidential debate? Probably not. But that moment is, as we speak, being cut into ads that the Harris campaign will be showing to people as soon as Wednesday morning. And even though the Harris campaign and Democrats have not pushed democracy to the forefront of their campaign, just because voters tend to be more motivated by issues like healthcare and abortion. The idea that you can't trust JD Vance to tell you the truth, I think is gonna be one that they make central to the aftermath of this debate.


This strikes to his honesty and his truthfulness in a way that can be very damaging. And this debate, like the last one, likely won't produce any major shift in the polls that we see in the next couple weeks. But you have to remember, this is an election on the margins. And we're really talking about, you know, a couple hundred thousand voters in the seven battleground states moving one way or the other that will determine who the next president is. You know, tens of millions of people will have watched this debate and 70 million people watched the last debate. But these candidates to win the election need to talk to just a tiny slice of voters in just a few states.


And those are the ones whose judgment will determine the future of the country. Read. It's late. It's very late. Thank you for talking. I'm going to bed. Good night. We will be right back.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfcdz.org.


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home. Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.


Here's what else you should know today. On Tuesday, Iran fired about 180 ballistic missiles at Israel and what it called a retaliation for Israel's surprise assassination on Friday of Hassan Raah, the leader of Hezbollah, a group that is backed by Iran, the killing of the longtime foe of Israel and the United States shocked the Middle East and was seen as a major victory for Israel. The missile attacks sent millions of Israelis into bomb shelters, but appeared to inflict little damage above all.


The airstrikes upended the assumption among Israelis that the country's increasingly brazen approach toward Iran and its allies would deter Iran from attacking Israel. And No contract. No work, no contract, no work. Tens of thousands of unionized dock workers from Maine to Texas have gone on strike stranding cargo at many of the country's busiest ports and potentially disrupting the American supply chain. The dock workers whose contract expired on Monday are demanding a 62% increase in pay.


A number that port operators have so far refused to meet. Finally, Mr. President, on behalf of the entire Biden family and the American people, happy 100th birthday, 19 months after entering hospice for what many feared would be his final days. Former president Jimmy Carter has turned 100 years old, becoming the first US president to reach that milestone. Jimmy, thank you for your friendship, your example, and for always finding new ways to remind us that we are all created in God's image.


Happy birthday To celebrate the occasion. You've had a heck of a life and you're surrounded by people who love you. Several former presidents paid tribute to Carter on Tuesday. May God bless you in your final years. May you have peace of mind and peace in your heart For his part. Carter marked the day in the backyard of his home in Plains, Georgia, where four F 18 fighter jets flew overhead in his honor. Today's episode was produced by Stella Tan, Olivia, Nat Will Reed and Alex Stern with help from Moj Rouge Zady.


It was edited by Devon Taylor contains original music by Dan Powell and Marian Lozano and was engineered by Chris Wood and Alyssa Moxley. Our theme music is by Jim b Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonderland. That's it for The. Daily, I'm Sabrina Taver. See you tomorrow.


Wanna shop Walmart Black Friday deals first? Walmart plus members get early access to our hottest deals. Join now and get 50% off a one year annual membership. Shop Black Friday deals first with Walmart Plus. See terms@walmartplus.com.