
In today's digital world, a single security breach can be extremely detrimental to your business. Introducing Chrome Enterprise, your browser-based armor against the ever evolving cyber landscape. It keeps your data under lock and key proactively thwarting attacks before they even happen. Chrome Enterprise brings rock solid browser security, simplified management and advanced security capabilities to your organization so you can say goodbye to potential vulnerabilities and hello to unwavering security for better browser security. There's no place like Chrome. Visit goo.gle/chrome enterprise to learn more.


Smell is a powerful sensory capability. It's the most evocative sense. We have the one most bound up with memory and we and other animals use it to do some really remarkable stuff. All sorts of species, fish, birds, probably elephants rely on smell to guide them on their great migrations. For example, rats can sniff out landmines and yet of our various senses, smell is also the one that we tend to neglect. We treat it as if it were a little bit primitive, sort of childish or generally unserious. You might say. We look down our noses at smell.


And so when a woman in Scotland realized that she could actually smell Parkinson's disease, that the illness itself gave off what was to her this intense, musty, oily odor and gave it off years before a diagnosis. It took a little while before doctors and scientists really began to listen. My name is Scott Sayer and I'm a contributor to The New York Times Magazine. For a recent piece I spent a bunch of time with Joy Milne, a Scottish retiree with a really extraordinary nose, and you'll hear about her in this week's Sunday. Read, Joy's always been a hyper smic or what's maybe better known as a super smeller.


She actually makes serious adaptations to her life in order to avoid certain sense. She'll only drink water that comes from a spring. For instance, she changes sidewalks to avoid the stink of spray deodorant, which he particularly detests. So one day many years ago, joy caught a whiff of something new on her husband, a peculiar unpleasant scent, something stale and thick. It was only much later years after he'd been diagnosed with Parkinson's that she realized that everyone else she met with Parkinson's smelled exactly the same as he did. When Joy first told scientists about this bizarre realization, not too many of them took her seriously, but then they ran some initial tests and those tests showed that joy was absolutely unequivocally capable of telling Parkinson's patients from people without the disease.


They've also now studied her nose quite extensively, and they're using the particulars of what she smells to develop an early diagnostic test for Parkinson's. That's a kind of test that doesn't exist yet for the disease. And one researcher told me it's a kind of holy grail for the field. Joy ability has profoundly shaped her life, as you might imagine, and it might one day shape the lives of many, many other people. But to me, what joy's really doing is seeing where until now medicine has only been able to look and she's seeing with her nose. So here's my article, the Woman Who Could Smell Parkinson's read by Robert Petkoff.


Our audio producer today is Adrian Hurst. The original music you'll hear was written and performed by Aaron Esposito. As a boy, Les Milton carried an air of triumph about him and an heir of sorrow. Les was a particularly promising and energetic young man, an all Scottish swim champion head boy at his academy in Dundee, a top student bound for medical school. But when he was young, his father died. His mother was institutionalized with a diagnosis of manic depression and he and his younger brother were effectively left to fend for themselves his high school girlfriend.


Joy was drawn to him as much by his sadness as his talents by his yearning for her care. We were very, very much in love, joy. Now a flax Hai 72-year-old grandmother told me recently in a somewhat less conventional way, she also adored the way Les smelled and this aroma of salt and musk accented with a suggestion of leather from the carbolic soap he used at the pool formed for her a lasting sense of who he was. It was just him. Joy said a steadfast marker of his identity, no less distinctive than his face, his voice, his particular quality of mind.


Joy's had always been an unusually sensitive nose, the inheritance she believes of her maternal line. Her grandmother was a hyper smic and she encouraged joy as a child to make the most of her abilities, quizzing her on different varieties of rows, teaching her to distinguish the scent of the petals from the scent of the leaves, from the scent of the pistols and statements. Still, her grandmother did not think odor of any kind to be a polite topic of conversation and however rich and enjoyable and dense with information the olfactory world might be, she urged her granddaughter to keep her experience of it to her herself.


Les only learned of joy's peculiar nose. Well after their relationship began on a trip to the Scandinavian far north. Joy would not stop going on about the creamy odor of the tundra or what she insisted was the aroma of the cold itself. Joy planned to go off to university in Paris or Rome, faced with the prospect of tending to his mother alone. However, Les begged her to stay in Scotland. He trained as a doctor, she as a nurse, they married during his residency. He was soon the sort of capable young physician one might hope to meet a practitioner of uncommon enthusiasm.


And shortly after his 30th birthday, he was appointed consultant anesthesiologist at MLEs Field District General Hospital outside Manchester in England. The first in his graduating class to make consultant, the mills installed themselves in an ancient stone farmhouse high on a country hill in Cheshire. By then they had three young sons and the edifice, which was old enough to be listed in the doomsday book of 10 86, was a happy never ending project. They threw elaborate, boozy dinner parties. They kept geese and hens and took in stray cats, dogs, a duck. We just seemed to get on and do things.


Joy told me friends still liken her to Mary Poppins, part twinkly magic part, no frills, practicality. She considers herself to be a never stop person. She said her husband was the same. Les spent long hours in the surgical theater, which in Macclesfield had little in the way of ventilation and joy typically found that he came home smelling of anesthetics, antiseptics, and blood But. he returned one August evening in 1982, shortly after his 32nd birthday smelling of something new and distinctly unsavory of some thick must.


From then on the odor never ceased, though neither Les nor almost anyone, but his wife could detect it. For Joy. Even a small shift in her husband's aroma might have been caused for distress, but his scent now seemed to have changed fundamentally as if replaced by that of someone else. She thought he smelled vaguely of his mother. Les had lately begun to change in other ways, however, and soon the smell came to seem almost trivial. It was as if his personality had shifted. Les had rather suddenly become detached, ill tempered, apathetic. He ceased helping out with many household chores.


He snapped at his boys at parties out he took to behaving in an excessive theatrically, buoyant way before returning home to collapse and exhaustion. Joy felt these performances were meant in part to spite her, to prove that her complaints about his new demeanor were unfounded. There was no empathy. She says an odd physical deterioration also seemed to have begun at the house. He was awkward with the mower on a vacation to the Scottish coast. He and his sons took sailing lessons. The boys took to it quickly, but Les could not work out the timing. A golf club slipped from his hands, mid-swing playing darts at a friend's house.


He somehow managed to throw one into his foot. Les's sleep too was increasingly disturbed and bizarrely, he began acting out his dreams. He once dreamed of catching a burglar. Joy lied to friends and colleagues about the source of the bruises she was left with thinking No one would believe that her husband had attacked her as he slept, nor at les's unequivocal demand. Did she speak a word of his newfound impotence In private, he laid the blame on her. She had grown too fat. He said to be of any possible interest.


The man joy married had no such cruelty in him. She considered leaving after more than a decade of alienation and resentment. However, it began to occur to her that the changes in her husband might have some organic cause that they might be symptoms of some disease. When he began referring to the other person a shadow off to his side, she suspected a brain tumor. Eventually she prevailed upon him to see his doctor who referred him to a urologist. In Manchester, Parkinson's disease is typically classed as a movement disorder and its most familiar symptoms. Tremor, rigidity, slowing known as bradykinesia, are Indeed motoric.


But the disease's autonomic, psychological and cognitive symptoms are no less terrible and commonly begin during the so-called prodrome years before any changes in movement and yet they do not suggest a diagnosis, irritability, fatigue, troubled sleep. These are extremely common among the well and among the infirm. They can be associated with any number of conditions in Parkinson's. It is only in retrospect that they are revealed to have been the first trace of the illness. For Les Joy realized the symptoms had begun nearly a decade and a half before he saw a doctor.


Had it only been possible then to see them for what they were she thought to reach a diagnosis when they first emerged. So much confusion, so much resentment, and so much pain might have been averted Of the truly devastating diseases of neurodegeneration. Parkinson's is after Alzheimer's the most prevalent. It is also said to be among the most treatable. The existing therapies address its symptoms alone. However, there is no cure, no intervention to halt the progression of the disease or reverse its damage to the brain. The great difficulty of early diagnosis is perhaps the principle hurdle.


Parkinson's disease is still diagnosed essentially as it was 200 years ago, on the basis of its characteristic motor symptoms. Yet by the time these emerge, most of the neurons it will kill have already died. Trying to rescue the brain from that level of damage is very difficult. Says David t Dexter, a neuropharmacology who oversees research at the medical foundation, Parkinson's uk. You're trying to close the stable door after the horse is bolted. Really for a disease modifying therapy to have a meaningful shot at efficacy, it would most likely need to be applied far earlier years or even decades before most patients are currently diagnosed.


Telo Kuna, a professor at the University of Edinburgh, told me that an early diagnostic was a sort of holy grail for the field. The prerequisite for almost everything else. The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's research, the world's largest nonprofit funder of Parkinson's science has spent more than $900 million looking for such a biomarker with the exception of one that involves a spinal tap, which considerably limits its utility. Almost nothing has shown promise. Les was 44, he began treatment with l-Dopa the amino acid. That has now been the standard of care in Parkinson's disease for 60 years.


L-Dopa is extremely well tolerated, but over time its efficacy fluctuates and wanes. At a certain point, the dopamine agonist ole was added to les's regimen. It was reasonably effective, but also as joy put it to me vile. Later she came to believe it was the cause of much of the inappropriate behavior her husband soon began to display. At the time she had no explanation. Dopamine agonists are now recognized to cause severe problems of impulse control and Parkinson's. Patients often develop addictions to shopping or gambling. In Les, the problems were in the realm of sexuality.


He stockpiled pornography and boasted of his sexual prowess to appalled younger women at a party at the house in Cheshire. shortly after his retirement at 50, his fatigue in particular had become unmanageable. Les came down the stairs in tartan pattern underwear sat in the lap of a female guest and turned to the onlookers in glee. The symptoms of the disease itself worsened too. Les's voice quieted and he developed a slow shuffling gait, often freezing mid stride. Soon he could no longer dress himself. He began wearing diapers. His sleep was ever more irregular.


The effects of his medication were also less and less predictable, and he seemed to flip randomly from relatively functional on periods to off periods of uncontrollable dyskinesia and despair. Alzheimer's is often called the long goodbye, but the term is a no less accurate description of Parkinson's in which patients bear the added pain of self-awareness of recognizing that a gulf is opened between themselves and the kingdom of the well and of watching it grow wider each day. A friend of joy's, Catherine Hanick, had a husband, Yvonne, who likewise had Parkinson's. Yvonne was a devoted amateur cellist.


He chose to turn in his cherished instrument while he was still capable of carrying it up the stairs to the dealer on his own. He said that it was too good a cello to waste on him. Katherine told me Joy's life was given over almost entirely to les's care as well as to the care of his chaotic mother, Helen. When Les was diagnosed, she really went off the deep end. Joy told me Helen was once again placed in a psychiatric ward and she then moved in with Joy and Les. Soon thereafter, Helen herself was diagnosed with Parkinson's. In retrospect, it seemed almost certain that her longstanding psychiatric problems were in fact manifestations of the disease misread for decades by doctors who conceived of Parkinson's as a movement disorder alone and one erroneously thought to be quite rare in women.


After Helen's death, joy and Les returned to Scotland, settling in Perth, a town in the Midlands. They were ever more estranged from each other, locked in their tense routine. They knew no one feeling desperate. Joy eventually persuaded Les to go with her to a meeting of local Parkinson's patients and their caregivers. The room was half full by the time they arrived near the coat stand. Joy squeezed behind a man just as he was taking off his jacket and suddenly felt a twitch in her neck as if some fight or flight instinct had been activated. And she raised her nostrils instinctively to the air. She often had this reaction to strong unexpected sense.


In this case, bizarrely, it was the disagreeable odor that had hung about her husband for the past 25 years. The man smelled just like him. Joy realized so too, did all the other patients. The implications struck her immediately.


This podcast is supported by Hamilton, the musical live on Broadway. If you haven't seen the Pulitzer Prize, an Tony Award-winning musical, or you wanna see it again, great seats are available this week. Hamilton is every bit the global phenomenon you've heard about from the Grammy winning music to the incredible dancing to the unbelievable true story about the Donovan New Nation. See Hamilton this summer and book your seats today@hamiltonmusical.com.


Hey, I am Robert Vin Lu and I'm from New York Times games and I'm here talking to people about Wordle and the Wordle Archive. Do you all play Wordle? I play it every day. All right. I have something exciting to show you. Oh, okay. This is new. It's the Wordle Archive. What? Okay. That's awesome. So now you can play every wordle that has ever existed. There's like a thousand puzzles. What day would you pick? Let's go back to my birthday. My first guess is gonna be birth. 'cause it's my birthday. What made you guys do an Archive? It's one of our most requested features. A bunch of our other games have archives. Like the crossword puzzle? Yeah, Exactly like the crossword. You know you can catch up if you missed one, which is pretty cool. Wordle archive. Oh, cool. Now you can do yesterday's wordle if you missed it. Thanks so much for coming by and talking to us and playing New York Times game Subscribers can now access the entire Wordle archive. Find out more at ny times.com/games. My default word is always bread. Why? I like bread?


For nearly all the recorded history of medicine and until only quite recently, smell was a central preoccupation. The miasma theory of disease predominant until the end of the 19th century held that illnesses of all kinds were spread by noxious odors, by a similar token particular sense were understood to be curative or prophylactic more than anything. However, odor was a tool of diagnosis. The ancients of Greece and China confirmed tuberculosis by tossing a patient's sputum onto hot coals and smelling the fumes. Typhoid fever has long been known to smell of baking bread, yellow fever, smells of raw meat.


The metabolic disorder phenylketonuria was discovered by way of the musty smell. It leaves in urine while fish odor syndrome or trimethyl Lamia is named for its scent. Dogs are able to smell an extraordinary range of illnesses including COVID-19, though they have been tested most extensively for cancers. In one famous case from 1989 reported in the Lancet, a woman in England noticed that her Doberman border colleague cross had begun sniffing intently at a small mole on her leg. After several months, the dog tried to bite it off. This caused the woman to see a doctor. It was a malignant melanoma.


Most diseases can be identified by methods, more precise and ostensibly scientific than aroma. However, and we tend to treat odor in general as a sort of taboo. A venerable intellectual tradition has associated olfaction with the primitive and the childish writes. Mark Jenner, a professor of history at the University of York. Modern doctors are trained to diagnose by inspection, palpation, percussion and auscultation. Inhalation is not on the list and social norms would discourage it if it were during her time as a nurse. Joy had done it anyway reflexively and learned to detect the acetone breath that signaled an impending diabetic episode.


The wet brown cardboard aroma of tuberculosis, not wet white cardboard because wet white cardboard smells completely different. She explained or the rancid ness of leukemia, the notion that Parkinson's might have a distinctive scent of its own had not occurred to her then. But when it did occur to her years later, it was hardly exotic. She and Les worried that the norm mix of the world unfamiliar with medical smells and disinclined to talk about odor in general, might not take her discovery very seriously. They searched for an open-minded scientist and after several weeks settled on Kuna, the Parkinson's researcher at the University of Edinburgh.


In 2012, joy attended a public talk he gave during the question and answer session, she stood to ask, do people with Parkinson's smell different? Who not recalls? I said, do you mean do people with Parkinson's lose their sense of smell? Smell loss is in fact a common early symptom of the disease. And she said, no, no, no. I mean, do they smell different? And I was just like, no. Joy went home. Kuna returned to his usual work six months later. However, at the urging of a colleague who had once been impressed by cancer sniffing dogs, K not found Joy's name and called her, she told him the story of les's new smell.


I think if she'd told me that as he got Parkinson's, he had a change in smell, or if it came afterwards, I probably wouldn't have followed up anymore. K not told me, but it's this idea that it was years before he called per to Baron, an analytical chemist to ask what she made of joy's claims. Baron suspected joy was simply smelling the usual odor of the elderly and infirm and misattributing it to Parkinson's. I knew because we all know that old people are more smelly than young people. Says Baron, who is now a professor of mass spectrometry at the University of Manchester still Baron was personally acquainted with the oddities of old faction following a bike accident.


She had for several years experienced various bizarre distortions to her own sense of smell. The idea that joy might be capable of experiencing odors that no one else could, did not strike her as entirely outlandish. She and Kuna ran a small pilot study in Edinburgh through Parkinson's uk. They recruited 12 participants, six local Parkinson's patients and six healthy controls. Each participant was asked to wear a freshly laundered T-shirt for 24 hours. The worn shirts were then cut in half down the center and each half was placed in its own sealed plastic bag.


Kuna oversaw the testing. Joy smelled the T-shirt halves at random and rated the intensity of their Parkinsonian odor. She would find a positive one and would say, there, it's right there. Can you not smell it? K, not recalled. Neither he nor the graduate student assisting him could smell a thing. Kuna unblinded the results. At the end of the day, we were on a little bit of a high. He recalled not only had joy correctly identified each sample belonging to a Parkinson's patient, but she was also able by smell to match each sample half to its partner Baron's Skepticism evaporated still.


Joy's record was not perfect. She had incorrectly identified one of the controls as a Parkinson's patient. The researchers wondered if the sample had been contaminated or if Joy's nose had simply gotten tired by Baron's recollection. Una's response was, it's fine, it's one false positive. Baron herself was slightly more cautious. Joy had mislabeled both halves of the man's T-shirt of more immediate interest though was the question of what was causing the smell in the first place. The odor seemed to be concentrated not in the armpits as the researchers had anticipated, but at the neckline it took them several weeks to realize that it perhaps came from sebum.


The lipid rich substance secreted by the skin sebum is among the least studied biological substances. It is actually another waste disposal for our system, Baron says, but no one had ever thought that this was a bodily fluid we could use to find out about disease. Baron set out to analyze the sebum of Parkinson's patients hoping to identify the particular molecules responsible for the smell. Joy detected a chemical signature of the disease, one that could be detected by machine and could thus form the basis of a universal diagnostic test, a test that ultimately would not depend on joys or anyone else's nose.


No one seemed to be interested in funding the work. Though there were no established protocols for working with sebum and grant reviewers were unimpressed by the tiny pilot study. They also appeared to find the notion of studying a grandmother's unusual olfactory abilities to be faintly ridiculous. The response was effectively, oh, this isn't science. Science is about measuring things in the blood. Baron says, Baron turned to other projects after nearly a year. However, at a Parkinson's event in Edinburgh, a familiar looking man approached Kuna. He had served as one of the healthy controls in the pilot study.


You're going to have to put me in the other category. He said, according to Kuna, the man had recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's. Kuna was stunned. Joy's misidentification had not been an error, but rather an act of clairvoyance. She had diagnosed the man before medicine could do so. Funding for a full study of joy. The smell and its chemical components now came through. We saw something in the news and we thought, wow, we've got to act on that says Samantha Hutton, the director of translational research at the Michael J. Fox Foundation.


The NIH is not going to fund that. Who's going to fund it if not us? At 25 NHS clinics in England and Scotland, Baron arranged for nurses to swab the upper backs of Parkinson's patients with small squares of medical gauze and to mail her the samples by standard post. Unlike blood sebum does not require a cold chain in Manchester. She and her colleagues fed the samples into a gas chromatograph mass spectrometer. A-G-C-M-S machine separates a substance into its component molecular parts for identification. It cannot tell you how they smell, however, or even if they smell at all.


Like all sense perceptions. Smell is the brain's internal representation of the outside world without a nose and brain to translate it into scent. A molecule is simply a molecule. What it is about any particular molecule that causes it to smell the way it does is one of the great outstanding mysteries of the senses. Baron added an odor port to the usual GCMS setup, a rather goofy two foot length of tube that resembled an elephant's trunk emerging from the side of the machine. Joy was positioned there breathing in each type of molecule as it came off the separation column of the more than 200 molecular fragments.


The machine distinguished Joy reported a strong Parkinson's-like scent in the presence of just three koane and ecol, which are known to have weak waxy or oily smells and hip puric acid, which is not typically reported to have any smell at all. Each of the chemicals was found in notably higher concentrations in the sebum of Parkinson's patients than in controls. The researchers wrote in their 2019 report, this was the source of the Parkinson's scent, but why those particular chemicals were arriving on the skin and what exactly they represented remained uncertain.


In a 2021 metabolomic analysis of Parkinsonian Sebum published in Nature Communications, Baron and her colleagues found evidence of changes in two important human metabolic pathways. The first implicating mitochondria, the second additionally implicating the organelles known as lysosomes. The pathways in question exist in cells throughout the body, but they are particularly active in our brains. Where disruptions to mitochondrial and lysosomal function are known features of Parkinson's disease. The byproducts of these disrupted pathways, the molecules joy detected were it seemed being somehow transported to the surface of the body with her nose.


The researchers came to suspect Joy was smelling the very death of the brain. Joy has attained a certain prominence in the Parkinson's realm. The work she inspired is in the words of the research director at the Cure Parkinson's Foundation. Simon Stott likely to become that stuff of legend. Joy is listed as a co-author on all the papers she was named to the Clinical Science Subcommittee of the World Parkinson Congress. She has given the inevitable TEDx talk. She has the ear of some of the world's most respected scientists. We need to trace it back from what she detects to its origin to see what caused that.


The Nobel laureate Randy Schekman, who serves as scientific director of the Parkinson's Research Initiative known as ASAP, told me she's a rare commodity. She has twice been flown to Tanzania for testing on tuberculosis in East Africa. The nonprofit organization, a poppo, uses giant pouched rats to diagnose the disease. Joy outsells the rats. Amazon has been in touch with her co-authors about the possibility of adding a smell functionality to its Alexa devices. The fascination with joy is of course attributable to the fact that she can smell the way she can, but it is heightened by the fact that no one knows why she is hyper smic by any reasonable definition.


But hyposmia has been the object of so little serious scientific and investigation. The smell taboo in action, no doubt, at least in part that it lacks even a set of agreed upon definitional criteria. Its specific cause is unclear. Professor Thomas Humel of the Dresden University of Technology, a preeminent clinical investigator of olfactory function told me his research suggests that self-reported hyper OICs have more connectivity in the higher brain regions responsible for olfaction. These people pay more attention to odors. They take more out of the olfactory signal. Rummel said, but at this stage, this is merely a hypothesis.


Hyper smic also seem to have more consensual compromise seeking personalities. He noted it's a very weak correlation, Rummel said, but it's there. They also report more enjoyment of sex. Joy has enjoyed her fame, but the smell work also radicalized her in its way and she has a reputation for being a bit intransigent in her advocacy. The initial scientific skepticism toward her was of a peace she thought with what she already held to be the medical core's. Hopeless, wrong headedness about Parkinson's disease, For Joy. As for many caregivers, the psychological aspects of the illness were by far the most difficult to manage, much less accept, and these happened to be precisely the symptoms neurologists seemed least interested in acknowledging, let alone addressing.


You're saying things to doctors and nurses and they're not believing you. Joy told me, eventually les's dementia and sexual compulsion intensified to such a point that she worried about leaving him alone with his young grandchildren. Are neurology really willing to accept that they allow people to get that bad and for the families to be going through that? She asked. It's unethical. Les was hospitalized at one point and joy arranged for him to be monitored under a protocol for patients with psychological disturbances. A nurse had the protocol lifted because he only had Parkinson's. Joy said they shut the door, put the cot sides up and left him, and in the middle of the night he walked across the bed, hit the wall with his head and was on the floor for goodness knows how long to Joy's mind.


Still more proof of this medical obstinacy came from the discovery that she was not alone in her ability to smell Parkinson's disease. When the research first began to attract attention in the media, Baron and Kuna received messages from around the world from people reporting that they too had noticed a change in the smell of their loved ones with Parkinson's. The correspondence described an odor that was musty, oily, or akin to sour milk. A man from New Mexico claimed to have diagnosed an acquaintance a year before his doctor, a Parkinson's patient wrote of the social isolation he experienced as a result of his own strong odor.


One woman began. I am a well-educated and sane person, so please don't disregard my email, but for the smell taboo joy thought someone somewhere might've taken these people seriously and the importance of the odor might've been realized decades sooner.


Yo-yo dieting is done. Meet a prescription weight loss plan that works. RO pairs a weekly shot with healthy lifestyle changes so you can lose 20% of your weight on average in a year and keep it off. Plus, ROS partner handles the paperwork to help you access medication and start seeing results. You'll have unlimited access to your provider throughout your journey to losing 20% of your weight. See if you qualify@ro.co slash The. Daily supplies of certain medications are limited. That's ro.co/ The Daily


That Parkinson's has a distinctive odor and chemical signature has now been thoroughly demonstrated, but on its own, this concept is not much more than a curiosity. The reason for the initial interest in Joy was not merely her claim that a smell existed, but that it occurred very early in the course of the disease. But Joy's ability to smell Parkinson's had not yet been tested on early stage patients. It is difficult to recruit such people into studies precisely because there is no good way to find them. They haven't yet been diagnosed with Parkinson's. A few years ago after reading about joy, the neurologist Nerva called Barron with what he thought might be a solution.


pva, a prominent Parkinson's researcher and clinician at the Medical University of Innsbrook had lately been interested in the condition known as isolated REM sleep behavior disorder or IRBD in which patients act out their dreams. Les had developed the condition years before his Parkinson's diagnosis and IRBD is now known to be strongly predictive of Parkinson's. Nearly eight in every 10 new IRBD patients will be diagnosed with Parkinson's or a related disease within a decade. Reports of IRBD and related disorders increased during the COVID-19 pandemic and some researchers fear a coming wave of Parkinson's diagnoses in Austria, three dozen people were recruited, some with IRBD, some with Parkinson's and controls with neither condition a nurse swabbed the participant's upper backs and the samples were sent to Baron and Joy for chemical and olfactory analysis.


This was merely a pilot study PVA cautioned, but the results were almost too good to believe in. Subjects with IRBD. Joy found a scent that was similar to that of Parkinson's but less offensive and clearly distinguishable. She described it as biscuity sweet. The chemical signatures that appeared in GCMS were likewise distinctive and it was possible to distinguish Parkinsonian sebum from IRBD sebum from control sebum with perfect accuracy. Yet IRBD shared a great number of the chemical features of Parkinson's at somewhat lower levels. The condition appeared, the researchers wrote in a draft of their findings posted last year to the pre-print server bio archive to be an intermediary phenotype, a waypoint along the path toward the disease.


The shared chemical features could be early indicators of pre manifest pd. They concluded, which is to say an early diagnostic much remains to be done. The results must be confirmed in larger cohorts and by separate research groups and the actual predictive power of the test must be established for a given level of these early indicators. With how much certainty can it be said that a person will in fact develop Parkinson's in what timeframe? Answers to these questions will come only from longitudinal studies and it will be years before the answers are known, but Baron, Kuna and Joy have begun to imagine the possibility of using sebum tests to screen for Parkinson's on a broad scale.


Kuna mentioned to me that he had recently turned 50. The Scottish Health system automatically mailed him a stool sampling kit to screen for bowel cancer in a similar manner. It would be simple to send out cotton swabs for Parkinson's. Baron and the University of Manchester have spun off a company sebo to commercialize such a test. Baron is also enthusiastic about the prospect of detecting other conditions in sebum, which turns out to be a repository of all sorts of information. To be honest, I really think that was the biggest discovery. She told me PVA is more circumspect. He envisions siba analysis as perhaps one of a constellation of screening tests from which a risk profile could emerge.


He says, I don't think this will be the test, but if a sibu swab suggested Parkinson's in a patient with no outward signs, perhaps the patient would undergo more invasive testing. Perhaps she would then begin early treatment with whatever neuroprotective drugs were by then available. Their development have itself been made possible by the ability to identify and study early stage Parkinson's patients and perhaps as a consequence, the patient would never go on to develop the classical symptoms of Parkinson's at all. I think that's realistic for the future. I think that will happen.


PVA says the question is when in the meantime the question is what good it would do to tell an otherwise healthy person that he or she will someday fall victim to a terrible disease and whether such a person would want or should want to know it helps. Research. PVA says, I'm not sure it helps people. In the past half century medicine has come to favor a high degree of transparency. The patient's autonomy is paramount and he or she thus enjoys a right to know enshrined, most famously in the doctrine of informed consent.


At the same time, technological progress has vastly expanded the realm of the knowable, but knowledge can punish or paralyze too often information has been viewed to be an unmitigated blessing. The Oxford University law scholars, Jonathan Herring and Charles Foster have written life and medicine are not that simple. I met Joy the spring before last at her home in a tidy subdivision on Canoe Hill in Perth, Scotland overlooking the expansive green valley of the Tay Les died in 2015 at 65.


Joy lives alone with a spoiled fat sheep dog named Queenie. A short walk up from the house she and Les shared. She gave me a tour of her manicured garden and took out photographs of the family's old farmhouse in Cheshire, but she was most excited to show me her spice collection. This is my delicious drawer. She told me in the kitchen with an he of mischief. I had assumed that given her extreme sensitivity, joy would be attracted to only the mildest sense. Totally the opposite she said, and she began pulling out jars of ground ginger coriander, two distinct cinnamons, a cuus garam masala.


She opened a vial of allspice and banged on the side to release a bit of powder into the air. It's all around us now. She crowed after a bit of rifling. She drew out some cardamom pods. She transferred a few to a mortar, pestle them softly closed her eyes and bent over the bowl in reverence. I found Joy's ingenuous thrill to be strongly endearing, but I, like many others, was also a bit terrified of her nose. The radio journalist, Elise Spiegel met Joy several years ago for a story on NPR Alzheimer's, which joy can detect runs in Spiegel's family.


If she did smell it, would I be able to tell Spiegel wondered in her report, how good was her poker face? It is Joy's policy not to disclose disease odors to the people she meets, and she politely evaded spiegel's questions. For whatever reason, she was more direct with me One morning in her living room, she commented unbidden upon my strong male scent. I was aghast. I wasn't going to bring this up. I said, no, no, it isn't like that. It joy assured me it's a normal male smell, almost like salt and a few chemicals and it's sharp but deep.


It's when it gets to that creamy smell and loses that sharpness that I begin to think, oh, what's wrong? It was relieving to receive a clean bill of health given joy's usual non-disclosure policy. I did wonder if she might be telling me a white lie, but I concluded eventually that she would not have offered one unprompted. On the other hand, it was discomforting to know that she had been smelling me at all. Our notions of privacy are calibrated to the sensory capabilities of the average other person. We learned to live with the reality that if someone is just a foot away, he or she may be able to see the tiny pimple on our chin or smell our breath or perhaps hear the swash of our saliva.


But we assume that at a slightly greater distance, we are safe that these intimate embarrassments will pass undetected. I am pleased to say that I am not a smelly person or so I am told, but it was hard not to fret about what else beyond my male smell might be accessible to Joy's nose. Nor is it always straightforward. For Joy, she smells disease everywhere without seeking it out. In the checkout at Marx and Spencer on the street on her friends and neighbors when we met, joy informed me that les's mother was not the only other member of the family to be diagnosed with Parkinson's.


So too she eventually discovered were les's maternal grandfather, his maternal uncle, his estranged younger brother. His was evidently a hereditary form of the disease and given its incidents in les's family, almost certainly an autosomal dominant form, which is to say a form that would be quite likely to manifest in his children. In all probability, at least one of his and Joy's three sons would have inherited the gene. Joy declined to discuss any genetic testing her sons may have undergone, and though she promised several times to put me in contact with them, she never did.


I saw no dignified reason to press the matter any further in the abstract. However, I can just as easily imagine them fathers themselves choosing to remain ignorant of their inheritance and of their likely fate as choosing to learn it. Some of us like to feel the wind of providence in our faces and others like everything planned. Write the legal scholars herring and foster. Each person should be allowed to choose how to approach his or her future. Joy, of course, will have no such choice. The wind of providence is always blowing her nose cannot help making out whatever tragedies may float upon it.


Whatever her own wishes, she will be made to know


You want control of your financial future. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice when you need it most. You can also invest on your own and trade on Think or Swim, the powerful award-winning trading platform. Plus, you'll get low costs transparent pricing and 24 7 live help. Because Schwab understands it's your financial journey and they believe you should have choices in how you invest. Visit schwab.com to learn more.