
This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency, break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today, tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


My name's Giles Harvey. I'm a contributing writer to The New York Times Magazine, and I often cover literature and the literary world. A couple of years ago I read a short story by the Thai American writer, Tony Tula Tuti called The Feminist. The story is about a young guy who prides himself on being an upstanding feminist ally and the central problem in his life is that women keep rejecting him and he can't understand why. And after a while, he begins to spend a lot of time on misogynistic online message boards where he's radicalized and transformed into a violent anti-feminist ideologue.


The story is a bit like the 40-year-old Virgin, the John Apatow movie, but as reimagined by Philip Roth at his most outrageous and incandescent, which is to say it's both deeply disturbing and very, very funny, and I was just electrified by it. Tony was writing about contemporary identity politics with a candor and an intelligence that I hadn't really seen from other serious fiction writers of his generation. I know it's a vague and somewhat overused term, but when I say identity politics, I'm talking about an approach to politics and just how we understand ourselves as people in the world that foregrounds categories like race or gender or sexual orientation.


And as you're probably aware, it's created a ferocious backlash from conservatives as well as plenty of controversy within liberal communities. And it was clear from reading The Feminist that Tony wasn't afraid to steer directly into these debates and to use them as his fictional material. What I thought was incredible about The Feminist is that even though Tony clearly finds his protagonist's misogynistic, views hateful, he still writes about the guy with tremendous compassion and he allows us to feel the pain and the isolation that led the protagonist to embrace those ideas in the first place.


And I think that kind of moral and imaginative sympathy is extremely valuable right now when people are very quick to assume the worst about anyone they disagree with. And so when I saw Tony had a book coming out that The Feminist would be a part of, I thought I want to write about that and I wanted to talk to Tony. I've interviewed a lot of writers for the Times Magazine and they tend to be cagey about acknowledging an autobiographical basis for their writing. But I found Tony to be a guy who was very forthcoming about the struggles he's faced in his life and he was pretty open about his romantic struggles in particular That said, I don't want to give the impression that he's a downer.


He's actually incredibly entertaining both in person and in his fiction and also on Twitter where he seems to spend a lot of time. And I think this willingness to expose himself and to be the butt of his own jokes is one of the things that makes his writing so powerful. Fiction writers I think are always asking themselves the question, what if my life had gone slightly different? And then they imagine what might have followed in that alternate reality. And so in a dark, but also kind of inspiring way, it's possible to see a story like The Feminist as Tony imagining a version of his life in which he wasn't a talented writer and he hadn't achieved the success and recognition that he has, but instead was consumed by anger and resentment.


I'd had Tony taught a creative writing workshop out of his apartment in Brooklyn, and I asked him if I could join one of those classes. I spent a lot of time in literary spaces in New York, and you know they can be weird and competitive and unpleasant in different ways, but I was struck by how warm and generous and relaxed everyone seemed in Tony's class. And that was clearly a vibe that he was, and I think that's the paradox of Tony.


He told me he feels happiest when he's alone reading or writing or playing video games in his apartment. His characters are loners and rejects who undergo the most vivid and painful humiliations imaginable, and yet he's at the center of this growing supportive community of young writers and he's widely beloved. So here's my article Read by Ralph Blister. Our producer is jacked as aduro, and our music was written and performed by Aaron Esposito.


There was something distinctly unlaxed about the way that Tony Toto Mutti, one of the more talented young writers at work in America today, announced the publication of The Feminist, a new short story back in the fall of 2019. To be clear in advance, Tula Mui wrote on Twitter, feminism is good, this character is not good. A very online author, a very online fiction Ula Mui sounded for a moment like an 18th century English novelist assuring the gentle reader lest anyone mistake the purpose of his tale that he had chosen to portray a scoundrel only so that scoundrels might be more thoroughly reviled These days when the faintest gusts of heterodoxy is enough to start an internet stampede.


it may be wise to put some moral distance between yourself and your protagonists, but as uti soon found out, it's no guarantee you won't be caught in the crush. The Feminist, to be fair, contains more than the gust of heterodoxy. The story which appeared in n plus one, the small but influential literary magazine is a whirlwind of cancelable opinions. It's unnamed protagonist. It's a try hard white male ally who doesn't understand why women keep rejecting him. Short, slight, and narrow shouldered.


He struggles to compete in the sexual marketplace and finds himself repeatedly. Friend zoned the deeper issue may be an undiagnosed neurodivergence. He finds the subtextual cues that govern flirting as imperceptible, as ultraviolet radiation, whatever the reason, and despite having read Sanger and Friedan and McKinnon and Din and Firestone and for Ludi and Winterson and Butler and so, and Schulman and hooks and greer, he can't get laid. As the years go by and the rejections pile up his strident feminism curdles into reactionary bile, he joins an online message board, narrow shoulders, open minds where men who have experienced similar rejection stoke one another's grievances.


In embracingly articulate grand synthesis, he declares to his comrades that women have failed feminism, allowing that no woman in particular is to blame. He nonetheless goes on to argue that in general a preponderance of women harbor the very sorts of double standards. Feminism sought to eliminate and indulge a narcissistic victim complex by which they tolerate and even seek out agro misogyny in their romantic partners. While relying on men of conscience, IE men like him to handle the emotional scut work, then he dons a mask, enters a restaurant and guns down the patrons in cold blood.


Ula ti, who is Thai American was worried that Regis might conflate him with his character and not without reason. In interviews, he had confirmed that the one Thai American character in his acclaimed debut novel private citizens, 2016, a well-paid tech worker who has watched most of the porn on the internet, was a self-portrait of swords. What's more tuta? Moody's? Very funny. Twitter feed is full of jokes, not necessarily grounded in reality about erotic deprivation. The hardest part of writing a novel is describing things you've never done before.


Like Sex. He once tweeted The Feminist created an internet fire storm becoming the object of impassioned online commentary and the most wrote piece of fiction in n plus one's 20 year existence. The story was widely praised, but in spite of his precautionary tweet, there was also a widespread failure to distinguish author from protagonist. Certain feminists denounced it as a full throated voicing of misogyny. Many anti feminists read the story in exactly the same way. Though for them it was a cause for celebration. For weeks, Tula Teti was inundated by emails and direct messages.


Strangers started approaching him in public. Was he the Tony who wrote that story? I got a lot of chilling feedback. Tula Teti said recently reflecting on the episode, even though I considered the story almost unforgivably heavy handed as I wrote it in practice, everyone projected their own politics onto it. It was a Saturday night in late June and Toula to Mui, who is 41, was leading a session of crit the creative writing workshop he runs out of his apartment in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. This was the final session of the eight week class, which he devoted to the pragmatics of the writing life, finding an agent selling a book before opening the floor to a marathon q and a period.


The class had begun at two o'clock that afternoon. It was now almost 11, and the place was littered with half empty bottles of whiskey and wine. Two letter Moody rhymes with two in the booty. He tells people cut an unflappable figure sitting cross-legged at the head of his dining room table in a light blue button down and bay shorts imparting wisdom with the poise of a guru Elly Short with fine dark hair and large round glasses. He looks like a precocious teenager, an impression only mildly qualified by his gym honed biceps and stick and poke style tattoos.


One of these tattoos seems to spell the word clever in capital letters though when you see it in a mirror. He later pointed out it says stupid, A neat encapsulation of one of his abiding concerns the gulf between how we think we're coming off and how we actually are. It's a gulf that's evident in The Feminist as well as in how the story was received. Both the best and the worst thing about writing fiction is that you are designing something to be interpreted in many often contradictory ways. Dula Teti was saying now answering a question about his relationship with readers.


That's what makes a text rich, but it can also come with a lot of unintended consequences. One unintended, but from the author's point of view, rather happy consequence of publishing The Feminist has been a significant pay raise for his novel private citizens, which he worked on for more than seven years to litter moody net in advance of $20,000. His. new book Rejection, A volume of linked short stories about losers in love was acquired for $350,000. William Morrow, its publisher, may be hoping for a feminist style freakout on a larger scale, and perhaps he will get one though to suggested rejection out September the 17th is the work of a mere provocateur is to sell it and its author Preposterously Short Tula Muti.


A master comedian with a Virtuoso Pro style has produced an audacious original and highly disturbing book that steers directly into the oncoming traffic of current liberal piety. An incandescent satire on the dead language and dead thinking of a corporatized identity politics rejection bristles with a furious intelligence in The Feminist, which opens the book, the ally come incel absurdly commanders, the dialect of identity claiming, for example, the narrow shoulder feminist men are in truth. The most depressed sub group excluded from both male privilege and female solidarity in main character.


By contrast, the narrator, a non-binary asexual Thai American named B rejects this theory laden parlance, including labels like non-binary, asexual tie American, which they feel is thrust upon them by preening white liberals. I just want to live without ordering the prefix, be more than an infinite decimal coordinate in a million dimensional matrix of demographics. They say we back in class, a student white male had a question, I hate the term cancel culture, he said, but how much does the fear of fallout from certain things affect your writing?


Two letter moody who kept putting on then taking off a blue baseball cap with the slogan psychically disturbed was measured in his reply. Cancel culture is an imperfect tool, but it's around for a reason. He said It's around because our institutions have failed to deliver any justice around the common problems people face day in, day out at the same time, since there's no formal accountability behind it, that does sometimes lead to abuses, though probably fewer than its critics would believe, but I was more wondering if it had influenced your writing.


The student said, Oh, Okay. Tula Te Mutti replied. Great question. He thought about it for a moment. No. One of Ula Te MU's most appealing traits both as a writer and as a person is his disinhibited honesty, his willingness to say just about anything. The basic trajectory of my life has been that I started off as a really weird idiot. He told me over drinks at a bar near his apartment a few days later and ended up an insufferable asshole.


Later that week I received an email from him saying that he needed to amend this. It's probably closer. He wrote to boring and remorseful asshole ti, whose parents immigrated from Thailand in the late 1970s. Grew up in an Irish Catholic enclave in western Massachusetts where Asian Americans were a conspicuous minority. He had trouble fitting in for a while when he was seven or eight, it seemed he had been befriended by two of his neighbors, Eric and Abby, a brother and sister with whom he walked to the school bus each morning one day. However, when they were going home, Eric said he had something to show him and took out a pencil box inside was an egg.


What's that? Liter mutti innocently asked. In the same moment, Eric cracked it over his head and shouted flat face a racist slur. From then on, whenever Tu Mutti saw the siblings, they repeated the insult. He traces his congenital pessimism to such early experiences of bullying. You know, sometimes they feel like Asian kids here get their pick of three survival strategies. B says in main character, the first is to assimilate and accept second class citizenship in exchange for a thread bare mantle of conditional whiteness.


The second to appropriate hermit crabbing into some more popular minority culture, usually black, sometimes gay or conservative. And the third, to engage in a copay of one's own heritage like his protagonist, ULA Teti discovered a rarer the no less fraught fourth way, despite being a straight A student who maxed out on extracurriculars or as B describes a closeted brother can't. The focus of another story in rejection, a classic first gen overachieving dog, supreme driven to excellence by fear of punishment and lack of options.


He also cultivated an eccentric persona in high school when he became a goth, he once wore the same outfit every day for a month. If this was a bid for attention, it seems not to have worked. No one noticed, or at least no one said anything.


Support for this podcast comes from Avangrid. Tom Turnal runs an Ohio millwork company that was started by his father and employs his kids. I'm in favor of Wing Farms because I'm committed to attracting talent to our community and the school districts with wind turbines get resources that can make a huge difference in kids' lives. Since 2012, an au grid wind farm has strengthened the economy and contributes millions to the community each year. To learn more about where energy meets humanity, visit au grid.com. That's au grid.com.


X trackers by DWS is one of the largest ETF providers globally. You can sharpen your mind with this podcast and you can shape your financial future with exchange traded funds or in short ETFs. At X Trackers, we offer innovative opportunities for constructing a diversified portfolio. Together we grow. Find out how@xtrackers.com. All investments involve risk, including also principle information on the fund's, investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses can be found in the fund's prospectus@xtrackers.com. Read it carefully. Before investing, distributed by Alps Distributors Inc.


As an undergrad at Stanford, ti studied symbolic systems similar to cognitive science programs at other colleges, the kind of major that often leads to a lucrative tech job, but literature was already his consuming passion. A short story he wrote for a fiction workshop. Scenes from the life of the only girl in water shield Alaska was published in the three Penny review, a prestigious Bay Area magazine and went on to win an O Henry Prize. In his sophomore year, he was recruited to join a writing group that included several other Asian American students. One of its members, Jenny Zang, who is now a celebrated novelist and remains one of two's closest friends recalls the striking first impression he made.


Most people took one look at Tony and assumed he was a dorky Asian guy with glasses and wouldn't have expected him to have such a major personality. She told me one evening after an event on campus, a group of awestruck students hung around to mingle with the speaker, a creative writing teacher with a cult-like following Zang remembers seeing her friend introduce himself to the teacher as they shook hands. Ti suddenly dropped to the floor and began convulsing as though he had been electrocuted. Everyone stopped what they were doing. Zang said people were very confused.


It lasted an uncomfortably long time and then Tony stood back up as if nothing had happened. Tula Teti told me that he was just trying to stand out after college. The lucrative tech job was duly forthcoming. He spent the next few years in San Francisco working in user experience. It was a miserable time. After Stanford with its social scene, ULA de Muy found himself baffled by adult life, which came with no instruction manual. What do people do? He remembers asking a friend like do they go to bars?


Post-college Cluelessness emerged as the central theme of the novel. He eventually began writing private citizens, which sent on four recent Stanford graduates living in the Bay Area. The short stories Otti had produced up to then were in his words, realist fiction about sad white people portrayed with Kapa Lee. Empathy now partly under the influence of Philip Roth, who's rippled ethnic comedy struck him as a granting of permission. Tula Toti started to write in an exuberant, often vicious comic register about material closer to his heart, ambition and its discontent, social justice movements and their internal contradictions, the sexual marginalization of Asian men.


Tula ti was accepted to the Iowa Writers Workshop in 2010 based on the strength of the novel's early chapters, but when he submitted a draft of the opening for critique in his first class there, it was savaged by his peers. Traces of the workshop show up in the Finnish novel when Linda t Trand, a skittish, hedonist and aspiring writer is pillared by the members of an undergraduate writing class. Her imagined response to these naysayers reads like a kind of RS poet, why the predictable taste for relatable characters conveyed in manageable little sentences, Flo leading inevitably to redemption books to curl up with.


Where were the readers who wanted to be offended by difficulty, break forms and do violence to the tongue. Books to curl up and die in private citizens was rejected by more than 20 publishers, but when it finally appeared, the feedback was more positive. One of the really phenomenal novels I've read in the last decade said, Jonathan Franzen another of Ula Tam's exemplars. The use since Donald Trump announced his first presidential bid have hardly been a heyday for American fiction. Literature is the human activity that takes the fullest and most precise account of ness, possibility, complexity, and difficulty.


Lion Trilling wrote in the Liberal Imagination 1950, but 75 years later, amid the rise of a homegrown authoritarianism, these qualities can start to look expendable like mere literary trinkets. At least that's the sense you get from a recent T traunch of worthy social novels. Books that may as well come with colorful stickers proclaiming in these pages. We believe Black lives matter. Women's rights are human rights. No human is illegal, and so on such commitments, however well intentioned can sometimes come at the expense of a nuanced moral vision and tend to lead to writing that's defective.


Neither is politics nor art. There is definitely a piety problem. Tula Teti told me, summing up the state of today's publishing business, what's so thrilling about rejection is its fearlessness In the face of this piety, its willingness to give offense not as an end in itself, but as an unavoidable result of speaking honestly about the intimately politicized lives. We now lead identity labels as Ula Toti sees it are a mixed blessing. On the one hand, they can make a person newly legible to themselves and provide a sense of belonging and solidarity on the other.


They can foster a small-minded tribalism and intolerance of dissent social media. Where much of life today takes place has proved itself an anemical forum for debates about identity and the epical shift in self-understanding. Its represents crusading moralism to say nothing of nihilistic bigotry tends to drown out patient reflection. Rejection deftly captures the berserk energies of the internet in one story. Twitter is marvelously described as an improv class, press conference, intervention clan, rally comics, convention struggle session, and suicide hotline all booked in the same conference room, but it also brings a deep imaginative sympathy to the new kinds of people that the internet and its trolling.


Identitarian controversies are creating online the incel and the try hard male ally. The two contemporary archetypes that get fused in The Feminist are objects of satire and abuse. What makes Tula TE's story so powerful is that its main character is much harder to dismiss. If Tula Teti appalls his protagonist noxious views, he also has tremendous compassion for the pain that led him to embrace them. Consider the fathomless insecurity conveyed by the simple phrase he's read in the following B reviewer sentence, dragging his virginity like a body bag into his mid twenties.


He watches a certain amount of domination oriented porn probably due to internalized sexism. Though he's read that porn is a safe, healthy venue to explore kink that sexuality is neither a choice nor shameful, especially if the studios follow good labor and aftercare practices that a person so lost should find such solace and validation in the online community of narrow shoulder men, the only people on earth to take seriously his suffering and acknowledge that he isn't to blame for it makes a tragic kind of sense.


Ulai, to be clear, is far from suggesting that all Identitarian communities function in this way as circle jokes for damage rejects. I'm not trying to be an iconoclast or contrarian by going after progressive discourse because that is its own kind of personal branding for which I have nothing but contempt. He has said as a fiction writer, he simply believes that the difference between two individuals is often greater and more interesting than the difference between two identity groups. It is in main character that this belief receives its most powerful articulation.


Suppose it's true, this idea that your identity imbues you with membership, a kind of inborn sorority with inherited values and traits be reflects at one point sounds nice. You are less alone. You get a short answer. Your oppression that in certain quarters commands deference. It goes some way toward feeling less crazy. To understand why it's not your fault you are treated like dog shit, but I hate having my life judged as the output of generic forces that however I understand or react to them is secondary to the fact that I share them with others. Identity is diet history, single serving sociology at its worst, a patriotism of trauma or a prosthesis of personality.


There is a kind of impm of the perverse who's interested not in identity politics, but in what they call identity terrorism. Inciting, spurious Twitter pylons simply for the thrill of it. In The Feminist where they have a walk-on role be insights, an IRL pylon against the main character, an old college friend. Unlike the other figures in the book whose lives are undone by varieties of rejection, B seems to reject the world and the idea of good faith engagement with it preemptively. My real life has always been online. They say after a while it becomes their only life.


Just because B'S ideas are more cosent than those expressed in The Feminist, however, doesn't mean we ought to take them as authoritative. After all, starting online feuds is hardly a sign of sterling mental health. The story like rejection as a whole isn't a polemic against identity written up in fictional form. Rather, it's a work of what the Russian critic Mikhail Bine called the dialogic Imagination. It puts various conflicting ideas into play and leaves it to the reader to adjudicate.


X Trackers by DWS is one of the largest ETF providers globally. You can sharpen your mind with this podcast and you can shape your financial future with exchange traded funds or in short ETFs. At X Trackers, we offer innovative opportunities for constructing a diversified portfolio. Together we grow. Find out how@xtrackers.com. All investments involve risk. Concluding also principle information on the fund's, investment objectives, risk factors, charges, and expenses can be found in the fund's prospectus@xtrackers.com. Read it carefully. Before investing distributed by ALPS Distributors Inc.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfclz.org.


In person. Ula ti made no secret of the fact that traumatic rejection has been a major theme of his own life. The book is definitely not written from a place of consoled understanding. He said at his neighborhood bar now a third double whiskey of the night. The narrative is definitely not. I came through the other side of this. Let me show you how to deal with it. At times he seems to take a strange kind of pride in his unhappiness, something that the characters and rejection are often called out for by their friends. You've turned your loneliness into this like fetish necklace of martyrdom.


Someone tells the main character in The Feminist. At this point, I vanquished about seven therapists. Tula Teti seemed to boast when I raised the subject. An ex-girlfriend, who is now a therapist once said that if she had seen him as a patient, she would probably have murdered him. I'm just extremely contrarian and a little bit insistent on my interpretation of things, and I've been told that I have an annoying habit of exhaustively anticipating criticism. He explained with a puckish smile. Rejection ends with an imagined letter from a publisher rejecting the book we just read and meticulously explaining why each story doesn't work.


For all his love of literature, ti was similarly skeptical about its supposed power to transform people's lives. Yes, he allowed. Sometimes a book might lead to knowledge or take the edge of our human condition. On the other hand, what if the things people discover about themselves from a novel make them want to kill themselves? He said, really buzzing. Now what if they're like, I didn't know I looked like that, that that's the kind of freak I am. Until I saw it articulated this way and now it's unbearable to me. Writing rejection certainly hadn't brought him any closure.


The idea of writing his therapy, he said, was largely a myth still. I asked, were there not deep satisfactions to be taken from turning pain into art? Yeah, he said, with a shrug finishing his drink. But is that enough? On a tropical Friday evening in July, a thunder echoed over Brooklyn. More than a hundred crit alums packed into an event space in Williamsburg. For one of the regular book swap parties, the Tula Teti throws guests were instructed to bring two books. Bangers only read the invitation to contribute to a literary potluck.


Since starting crit in 2017, Tula Teti has encouraged his students to stay in touch and form writing groups of their own as a way to keep themselves accountable to their ambition. The group he joined at Stanford as an undergraduate has met regularly for more than 20 years, and its members several of them now. Well-known novelists like Zang and Kain Maha are warmly acknowledged at the back of rejection, elbowing my way through the Bulent scrum of Partygoers, I was struck by the fact that all these people were connected by a man who self-identified as a bullied nerd and claimed to rarely leave his apartment where he spends hours, sometimes days at a time where video games.


To them, he was a beloved mentor, a force of nature, a very special person, and the opposite of a prude who made them feel they could say or write just about anything. No matter how weird they praised his generosity and insight, the sense of community he fostered and also his powerful singing voice. The book swaps are usually held at his apartment, an end with karaoke. That semester, ti had complained to his students that he had no idea how to dress himself. Toward the end of the evening, in a teasing gesture of affection, several of them gave him a white Balenciaga t-shirt, which he obligingly pulled on the tag dangling down his back.


It was several sizes too large, but he smiled broadly all the same. Shouting over the dinner voices. His friend, the novelist, Kevin Wynn told me he tweets like an insane person. He writes like a genius, but I think he's most proud of this community he's built. You can hear a story from Tony Tiller. Tom's new book, rejection in the Times Audio app.


Nobody does selling better than Shopify Home of the number one checkout on the planet and shop pay that boosts conversion up to 50%. So if you're into growing your business, your commerce platform better be ready to sell. Wherever your customers are scrolling or strolling on the web, in your store, on their feed, and everywhere in between businesses that sell more. Sell on Shopify. Sign up for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash nyt. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash ny to upgrade your selling today. Shopify dot com slash nyt.