(0s):
Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities. They're focused on building a sustainable, inclusive future for all by supporting housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and other community needs. That's why they've donated nearly $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing, see how@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo's philanthropic support includes contribution from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation

(33s):
From The New York Times. I am Michael Avaro. This is The Daily, today, the five day manhunt for the Killer of a healthcare, CEO. What we know about the suspect now in custody and what the case has revealed about many Americans contempt for insurance companies. It's Tuesday, December 10th. On Wednesday morning of Last week, the chief executive of UnitedHealthcare, Brian Thompson left his hotel in midtown Manhattan for his company's investor conference a few blocks away.

(1m 23s):
It was 6 45 in the morning, still mostly dark out. And as Thompson neared his destination, a hooded and masked gunman emerged from behind a parked car, took out a gun with a silencer, and began to fire at him over and over in what's clearly a targeted attack. Chilling. New details tonight following what police say was the premeditated murder of the CEO of United Healthcare on the busy streets of midtown Manhattan. Early today, Surveillance videos of all of this, which emerged a few hours later, shocked the city. It was so surreal.

(2m 4s):
It's something that you would watch on a TV show in a movie this like in cold blood assassination, two blocks away from my house. What I heard was that he ran up sixth Avenue and into the park. And So, you know, that would be like right here. And just as shocking was how effortlessly Thompson's Killer got away. According to the NYPD, the shooter took off through an alley, grabbing an e-bike and riding it into Central Park, which at that time was filled with morning runners and walkers. By the end of the day, a massive citywide manhunt was underway. Cops literally fan out across Central Park.

(2m 45s):
Hotel rooms are being searched, drones are put in the air, knew This morning NYPD, releasing surveillance photos of the suspected gunman at a New York hostel without a mask. Eventually, small pieces of evidence emerge. A Major discovery. Police sources say they found a backpack believed to be the shooters. No gun was found inside what was found a jacket and monopoly money. And as speculation begins about why exactly this CEO was targeted, the question naturally arises. Was this about healthcare? And the police reveal a single piece of evidence that suggests perhaps it was Law enforcement found shell casings at the crime scene with the words deny, defend, and depose written on them.

(3m 35s):
Those, Those words are strikingly similar to a title of a book that condemns the insurance business. Suddenly it looks like this murder and this missing suspect have tapped into something much bigger. I mean, every person in America has had a brush with the healthcare system that has not been, you know, excellent writes. I spoke with My colleague Deion csi, who writes about wealth and power in New York.

(4m 17s):
I got brought into this story Last week, the day after the shooting, when I had noticed a lot of posts on social media, strangely, in support of the shooter. You know, some of the posts were very pointed and direct and just full of malice for the victim, which is something that we don't usually see. So I just started going through tweets and going through all the networks and collecting just this kind of outrage over the healthcare system. Let me just start off this video by saying I do not condone violence by any means, but let's talk about what happened today with the United Healthcare CEO.

(5m 0s):
Six months before my mom died, her health insurance let her know that all of the things that she had been prescribed and insured for for the last 10, 15 years of her life were no longer going to be covered. There was some real anger that this unleashed Sitting in the emergency room with my 1-year-old baby. She needed to be transferred to New York City so she could have emergency brain surgery. And instead we sat in the hospital for three days because UnitedHealthcare refused to approve the transfer via ambulance. You know, moms who couldn't get an ambulance ride covered. So my UnitedHealthcare story is that when my son needed a special type of bed because of his disability, they denied us that Today is a beautifully ironic day for UnitedHealthcare to deny my injections for my cancer treatments.

(5m 56s):
There's no, no shortage of really painful experiences. And I think why emotions are so heightened is because you interact with health insurance companies at obviously some of the worst moments of your life. When your kid is hurting or dying, when you are hurting or dying. I mean, you're teed up for some pretty charged emotions. You Know, maybe violence is not the way, but have you read any of the comments on those videos, reporting this story? People are calloused. People do not care because the health insurance companies do not care about their lives. Though plenty of people are not celebrating what happened here. They're just seeing it as a chance to Vent Yeah.

(6m 38s):
To fum about it. Yeah, for sure. You know, medical debt is insane right now in America, and here's a guy who found a path, you know, to do something about it in, in the worst possible way. And then On Monday morning, five days into this manhunt and this growing expression of fury at the US healthcare system, there's a major development in the story. So I, I came this morning to the shack just to get a sense of the buzz. I wasn't expecting that there would be a break in the case. So I called My colleague police reporter Maria Kramer, who works out of a small press room inside the NYPD called the Shack.

(7m 25s):
So I went upstairs with confirmed some tantalizing details like they'd found monopoly money and the backpack, and that the canine units that are good at detecting guns had been deployed at close to where the Greyhound Depot was. So, you know, we were just gonna do sort of a, a small update. And then just as we were doing all that boom, it just very quickly developed that a man was taken into custody in Pennsylvania. After the break, everything we now know about the suspect, we will be right back.

(8m 19s):
Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities. They're focused on building a sustainable, inclusive future for all by supporting housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and other community needs. That's why they've donated nearly $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing, see how at Wells fargo.com/saydu, Wells Fargo's philanthropic support includes contribution from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.

(8m 50s):
With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes, buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.

(9m 26s):
Maria, this is a fast moving story, so I just wanna acknowledge when we're talking to you, it's 5 45 or so On Monday night, and I want you to tell us, based on what you know now, how this suspect was caught and how this manhunt came to what looks like its end. And then we'll get to what we're learning about who the suspect is and what truly motivated him. But let's just start with how he gets caught. So what we learn from our police sources and from a news conference where the police address the media, Good afternoon everyone. Earlier this morning in Altoona, Pennsylvania members Is that On Monday morning at nine 14 and in McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, The suspect was in a McDonald's and was recognized by an Employee.

(10m 17s):
You have an employee who notices a man eating in the restaurant, and that employee recognizes this man as the man that was photographed on various surveillance shots released by the New York Police Department. As the person of interest in the shooting of Brian Thompson. He calls 9 1 1, he calls the alternate police department Responding officers question, the suspect who is acting suspiciously and was carrying, They find a man sitting at a table looking at a laptop and wearing a blue medical mask. And when an officer asks him to pull down his mask and asks if he's been to New York recently, the man becomes quiet and starts to shake Upon further investigation, officers recovered a firearm on his person as well as a suppressor, both consistent with the weapon used in the murder.

(11m 14s):
Eventually they search him and they find a gun, they find a silencer, and they find fake identification cards Also recovered was a fraudulent New Jersey ID matching. The IDR suspect used to check into his New York City hostile before the shooting incident. Pretty distinct pieces of evidence, especially the gun and the silencer that suggest this is most likely their guy. Exactly. And the gun was a source of much debate online. People were trying to figure out what this gun was and what it turns out to be is what we call a ghost gun. You know, these are guns that are assembled from parts that have been printed out from a 3D printer, huh?

(11m 55s):
And this gun is capable of firing nine millimeter rounds, which are the rounds that were found at the crime scene in New York. What Maria do we begin to learn about this suspect, about who he is, about his biography. So what we learn about this man is that his name is Luigi Mangione. He's 26 years old and he seems to have come from a life of a lot of privilege. He was born and raised in Maryland. He went to a private school in Baltimore, the Gilman School. He was a wrestler there. He graduated as valedictorian. He goes on to have an Ivy League background getting his undergrad degree and his graduate degree at the University of Pennsylvania.

(12m 43s):
And from there he starts working in tech travels a little bit around the country living in San Francisco and in Honolulu. And he has a pretty interesting online presence. It suggests he's really well read. He's posting about books that he's read on good reads. And by all accounts, if you look at his background, he seems accomplished with normal. And according to the police from what they have learned so far about him, he doesn't have a criminal record. There was one citation for him, trespassing in Honolulu at a state park. But other than that, his record is clean, at least according to what we know so far. So what are we learning about how he goes from having no criminal record and having this fairly normal existence to allegedly committing murder?

(13m 34s):
What are the police uncovering about any motivations? So there's very little that we know about him personally to suggest that he was going to go from valedictorian of his high school class and UPenn grad to the alleged Killer of, of an executive in New York. But there are some clues that the police are looking at, and one of the big ones is this three page handwritten manifesto that the police find on Luigi Mangione when he's arrested. Hmm. And what is in that manifesto? As best we know. So in this 260 word handwritten manifesto, Luigi Mangione is appearing to take responsibility for the murder, according to a senior law enforcement official who saw the document.

(14m 24s):
And he notes UnitedHealthcare's market capitalization growing and condemns. Companies like UnitedHealthcare that quote, continue to abuse our country for immense profit. And he also, in a pretty haunting part of the document, he says, quote, these parasites had it coming and quote, I do apologize for any strife and trauma, but it had to be done. Wow. Do we know if he himself personally had a bad experience with UnitedHealthcare? We don't know if he had a personal experience with the insurance company, but we do know that he had been in regular contact with his friends and his family until about six months ago.

(15m 14s):
That's when he, he suddenly stopped communicating with them. And his friends have told us that he had been suffering from a painful back injury at the time. And that's when communication went dark and his relatives and friends began to become very anxious about him. Why hadn't anyone heard from him? The other thing we know is that in the last year, he had been writing many reviews on good reads, specifically one about a book that was written by Ted Kaczinski, the Una Bomber, who mailed bombs to people that he felt were destroying the world with technology. Ted Kozinski killed three people and he was seen, he was a terrorist.

(15m 55s):
But in his review, Mr. Mangione describes him as a mathematics prodigy and he tells readers not to dismiss the book as the manifesto, a lunatic. He c praises him by saying that many of his predictions about modern society turned out to be true. So he was prescient. And he specifically says that while he was a violent individual, rightfully imprisoned for killing and maiming people, these actions, and this is a direct quote, while these actions tend to be characterized as those of a crazy Luddite, however, they are more accurately seen as those of an extreme political revolutionary. So there's admiration in that view of a man who did terribly violent things To some degree in the name of stopping corporations from hurting the world.

(16m 40s):
Exactly. So the working theory here would seem to be that mangione over some period of time since he left college, became somebody who identified with these efforts to take on corporate America, perhaps specifically the healthcare industry out of some belief allegedly that like the Unabomber, he could single handedly hold them to account. At this point, that is a theory that many people hold, but we really don't know what happened to Luigi Mangione. What awaits mangione now in the legal system, assuming that police in New York line all this evidence up and decide that he is their suspect in the murder of Brian Thompson.

(17m 30s):
So just a few minutes ago, Luigi Mangione arrived at the Blair County Courthouse in Holidaysburg, Pennsylvania. He was led outta the car by two officers who walked him in his hands, bound behind his back, and there was a huge media presence there. Hmm. Here he is being brought into a courthouse not to face murder charges, but to face gun charges. He's there for a preliminary arraignment, and then what's going to happen is prosecutors there will decide whether they wanna carry out these charges against him in Pennsylvania, or if he can be extradited to New York for presumably potentially murder charges for the killing of Brian Thompson. So Maria, stepping back just a little bit, I'm curious at this point how you're thinking about this overall case and the meanings that it's taken on.

(18m 16s):
We, we spoke earlier today with our colleague Dion Cy, about just how much this case before there was a named person of interest before there was an arrest, has become about America's healthcare system and people's frustration with it. And of course it's a cold blooded murder, right? And yet it's also become this referendum it would seem on a broken healthcare system and populist rage over that. So how are you kind of making sense of all of that as this case now moves into this next phase of the actual criminal justice system? You know, and I think that's a really interesting question that I've been thinking about myself because to the police, to prosecutors, to the detectives who've been looking into this and talking to Brian Thompson's family and colleagues and friends, this is a homicide.

(19m 11s):
This is a murder they have to investigate. This is a murder they have to solve to many in the public and, and even some officers that I've spoken with, it's something that underscores the anger and the frustration at a system that they feel they have no control over. And yet it's, it's such a huge part of their lives, their healthcare and how they pay for it. So I wonder, as this case unfolds, will the public's perception of him change as we learn more about what motivated him when he did what he allegedly did, which is kill a man who was heading to a meeting, a father of two, and a person who is missed by colleagues is missed by friends, is a human being to many.

(19m 58s):
He represents this a industry, but he's also a person who was murdered in cold blood and his Killer in the minds of the police and the minds of investigators, in the minds of, of prosecutors and his family and friends, he needs to be brought to justice. So does this investigation reveal more about him that makes the public think twice about this folk hero status that some have attached to him? Oh, Maria, thank you very much. We appreciate it. Thank you so much.

(20m 43s):
After we spoke with Maria Mangione was charged with five crimes in Pennsylvania, including carrying a gun without a license, forgery and falsely identifying himself to the authorities. A few hours later, prosecutors in Manhattan charged him with murder on social media. An ex account belonging to Mangione gained more than 200,000 followers after his arrest and the hashtag free Luigi was trending across the platform.

(21m 25s):
We'll be right back.

(21m 29s):
This podcast is supported by Chevron. The anchor offshore platform is utilizing breakthrough technology to enable Chevron to produce oil and natural gas in the US Gulf of Mexico at pressures up to 20,000 PSIA new industry benchmark anchor is part of Chevron's plan to produce 300,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2026 in the US Gulf of Mexico home to some of their lowest carbon intensity producing operations. That's energy and progress. Visit chevron.com/anchor

(22m 2s):
with Schwab investing themes. It's easy to invest in ideas you believe in, like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles, and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customized to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.

(22m 36s):
Every day thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home. Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.

(23m 9s):
Here's what else you need to know today. The Times reports that in a major legal defeat, Rupert Murdoch has lost his effort to change his family's trust in a way that would lock in the right wing editorial slant of his media empire, which includes Fox News and the Wall Street Journal. Murdoch, whose family trust originally gave all four of his children equal control of the Empire, had sought to rewrite it to give almost all that power to his eldest son, Lachlan, who is far more conservative than his siblings. But a Nevada court resoundingly rejected that effort saying that it had been undertaken in bad faith and in a closely watched trial.

(23m 59s):
Daniel Penny, a former Marine who choked a fellow New York City subway rider last year was acquitted on a charge of criminally negligent homicide. The case came to exemplify New York City's post pandemic struggles. Prosecutors alleged that Penny's actions killed Jordan Neely, who was homeless and had a history of mental illness. Their encounter began after Neely, who is Black, began yelling at and frightening fellow subway passengers, prompting Penny who is white to put him in a choke hold.

(24m 40s):
Today's episode was produced by Stella Tan, Alex Stern, Lindsay Garrison, and Nina Feldman with help from Luke Vander bloke. It was edited by Paige Coot and Maria Byrne contains original music by Diane Wong, Alicia ba YouTube, pat McCusker, and Sophia Landman, and was engineered by Chris Wood. Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder Lady. Special thanks to Nick Pitman. That's it for The Daily. I am Michael Bobro.

(25m 20s):
See you tomorrow.

(25m 26s):
Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities. They're focused on building a sustainable, inclusive future for all by supporting housing, affordability, small business growth, financial health, and other community needs. That's why they've donated nearly $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing, see how at Wells fargo.com/saydu Wells Fargo's philanthropic support includes contribution from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.