
Support for this podcast comes from Alvan Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents'. Ohio Farm and Alvan Grid Wind Farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money, and I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@alvangrid.com.


From The, New, York Times, I'm Sabrina Avron, and This is The Daily at this week's presidential debate In Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats, they're eating, they're eating the pets of the people that live there. And this is what Donald Trump went into an unprompted digression about immigrants eating people's pets. I just wanna clarify here you bring up Springfield, Ohio and, and a BBC News did reach out to the city manager there. He told us there have been no credible reports of specific claims of pets being harmed, injured, or abused by individuals within the immigrant community.


While, the claims were debunked. the topic was left unexplained. Today, My colleague Miriam Jordan on The Story Behind, those shocking and false claims and the town and the tragedy that gave rise to them. It is Friday, September 13th. So Miriam, one of the standout moments in the debate on Tuesday was this kind of bizarre exchange where Donald Trump made a reference to a conspiracy theory about Haitian immigrants. He said that they had been eating people's pets in the town of Springfield, Ohio.


And a lot of people, I assume, had no idea what he was talking about, but you knew exactly what he was referring to. Tell us about that. Well, yes, Donald Trump was talking about the latest and perhaps strangest turn in the story that I've been covering in Springfield, Ohio, a midsize town in the southern part of the state. It has to do with the Haitian immigrant community in that town and the controversy surrounding their arrival in large numbers. And I should say right away, of course, there's absolutely no evidence that any immigrants were actually stealing and eating pets.


This has no basis in reality. Local authorities have denied it, but it exploded on social media and this town landed in the middle of this election campaign. Okay, let's start at the beginning. What should we know about Springfield, Ohio In its heyday, it was extremely prosperous industrial barons who manufactured farming equipment, built incredibly majestic Victorian homes that, you know, still line some of the avenues there. And generally it was considered a mini Chicago. Wow. The city had a population at its peak of about 80,000 in the sixties, early seventies.


But then like many of these towns in the Midwest, it began to lose population in large part because so many manufacturing jobs went overseas. Companies that operated in town shuttered and people had to look for opportunity elsewhere. So what begins to happen is that this town, as it falls on hard times, you begin to see houses boarded up, buildings abandoned downtown, looking in sad shape. And that decline persisted for several decades until a few years ago when the city leadership and the Chamber of Commerce decided to do something about it, they came up with a plan to revitalize the city.


They started pitching the city as a attractive place to do business. The location of the city, smack dab between Dayton and Columbus is a big plus. It's easily accessible to two interstates. It has several colleges and institutions for training, and it's affordable place to live and to operate as a business. And this plan actually succeeds. A major turning point was in 2017 when a very large Japanese auto parts maker acquired land in a decaying part of the city and set up shop, creating hundreds of jobs.


And it was probably one of the biggest employers that ended up setting shop there. But it wasn't the only one. You know, companies that make boxes for happy meals sold at McDonald's. Wow. Companies that distribute clothing across the country. But there was a problem. There weren't enough workers. So what happened? Well, immigrants start to arrive. In particular, Haitians, you know, like other immigrant groups, they hear about opportunities by word of mouth. They tell each other. In this case, they were drawn by the availability of well paying jobs.


And they also heard that the cost of living was pretty low in Springfield. So soon more and more Haitians arrived and they were very attractive to employers because they had authorization to legally work in the United States. And what they have is something called temporary protected status. What's that? It's a designation given to people from countries in turmoil like Haiti. And it means that nationals from these places in upheaval who have already arrived in the United States, can stay in the United States legally.


So the status enables the immigrants to get employment authorization, which is a huge benefit to businesses in Springfield that need workers. So how many Haitian immigrants end up coming? So estimates vary, but what I've heard from city officials is that between 12,000 and 20,000 Haitian migrants moved to Springfield in the last three to four years. So a city that had a population just under 60,000 now possibly has 80,000.


Wow. So what happens in the town once they start to settle there and and live their lives? How does the town change? By most accounts, Springfield benefits from this influx of Haitians. They have come to work, I heard from employers like Jamie McGregor who runs an auto parts maker, that patients are coming to work on time, they're reliable, they're drama free, and they've now come to represent 10% of his workforce. The immigrants are working in a variety of capacities.


Some of them are opening businesses and restaurants. They're sending their kids to schools, you know, schools that actually had been losing students because the city had been shrinking and they're leasing homes and apartments. I met a landlord, in fact, who has been, you know, buying up some of these homes that had been delinquent on property taxes and went to auction and fixing them up to rent them to Haitians. And I took a spin around town with him and I was able to see that there are many blocks where newly refurbished homes are sprucing up the neighborhood.


They have manicured gardens and they look a lot more cheerful than blocks where, you know, homes are still boarded up. So you're seeing literally a town come back to life very quickly, almost overnight. That's true. But the sudden influx of all these people also puts a huge strain on the town's resources. For example, the schools now have 1500 out of 7,500 students who are English language learners.


Wow. That's meant that the school district very quickly has had to hire, you know, English as a second language instructors, interpreters, and others to assist the new students and the families at the main federally subsidized health clinic in the city. The head of the clinic actually told me that they had seen Haitians lining up at 5:00 AM about three hours before the clinic actually opens to secure appointments. Hmm. And meanwhile, longtime residents could not get in.


And appointments that were scheduled for 15 minutes slots can take up to 45 minutes because there's now this massive need for translation for folks who are not fluent in English. And then there's the toll on housing in Springfield. And that problem's been exacerbated by the arrival of so many Haitians. Rents have gone up and sometimes four or five Haitian men rent one house. They can afford to pay more than one American family with one or two breadwinners.


Right. Interesting. So there has been some displacement of Americans who are low income and who have had trouble making their rent. So some resentment starts to build under the surface, but the town is just going about its business and people are living their lives until something tragic happens that makes these feelings boil over. So on the first day of school last year, 52 students were on a bus that was traveling down Route 41 when a minivan veered into oncoming traffic, hit the bus and caused it to tip over A horrifying site, a school bus flipped over while taking dozens of elementary students to their first day of class, Ejecting an 11-year-old boy and killing him.


One student who court records identify as Aiden Clark did not survive the Fact that all them little babies were just all tore Up. More than 20 students were hospitalized. The driver of the minivan was a 36-year-old Haitian immigrant. The patrol tells me they arrested Harmon Joseph. Late this afternoon, 30 5-year-old authorities didn't find that he had consumed alcohol or drugs. And in May of this year, he was convicted of involuntary manslaughter. The People they are still here at the scene grieving what happened, but they're doing it together. The accident now coming up to accident, shook the community to its core, but also suddenly all the resentment that people had been feeling burst into the open, We will be right back.


Brought to you by the Capital One Venture X Card are an unlimited two x miles on everything you buy and turn everyday purchases into extraordinary trips. Plus receive premium travel benefits like access to over 1300 airport lounges and a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. Unlock a whole new world of travel with the Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet terms, apply lounge access is subject to change. See capital one.com for details.


Hey everyone, it's Ted Herndon, political reporter for The New York Times. I think that journalism that is accurate and fair is a bedrock of democracy, is how folks make informed decisions. It's how we learn things that other people, many times people in power are trying to hide. And when you are taking the idea of fairness seriously, that means that you have made clear to both sides of the aisle, which you intend to report. You have made sure it's accurate and that it lives up to the standards of independence that The New, York Times believes in. It's not just people can trust what we're saying has been vetted, it's that we have gone through that process without trying to calibrate or dilute that information to appease one side or the other. If you want to support the work that we do, you can subscribe to The New York Times at NY times.com/subscribe.


So Miriam, what happens in Springfield after this incident as the community tries to process all of this? So this accident really brought into the open these simmering tensions some residents had been feeling about the Haitian community. Okay, the formal city commission meetings called the order call the role Dr. ESOP here, Mrs. Houseton. And people began packing these public meetings to express their frustrations. We'll begin with public comment. We have several cards. So I'm ask one speaker to go To this and what were people saying in them? Miriam, They run the gamut. I live on that end of town where a bunch of 'em live and they drive down North Street the wrong way every day of the week.


We have kids that live in our neighborhoods. People complained about how Haitians drive, like They're upping the rent 17, $1,800 a month, all because they have three incomes in one house. You can't afford that here in Springfield About how Haitians are pushing up housing costs. How are they getting vetted? They wondered out loud whether Haitians were dangerous. Now we have Haitian prostitutes. What diseases do they have? Others used racist tropes. Haitians will soon be the majority population in Springfield. Nowhere on the planet is it acceptable for another culture to create a majority population by replacing the native population.


Not one person had a meeting and asked anyone in in this community how we felt about them coming in here and evading our city. The city, Several people suggested that the city was being invaded. You got people that are upset and they want answers. And you know, the officials struggled to respond to them As far as entering the the country. Their immigrants are allowed into the country under what's called humanitarian parole illegal.


Can we please? All they could say was, you know, don't blame us. We didn't bring the Haitians here. They've come here, we can't do anything. Now the decisions about who gets in this country and who doesn't and who gets to stay and for how long do not reside here. They reside in Columbus and Washington DC But that didn't seem to calm people down. I am not gonna sit here at a City commission meeting In front of our commissioners or marrying everybody else. And all these people be told that it's not your problem Either.


You guys can step up and take control or get your asses out of here. So it sounds like the bus accident really opened up the floodgates gave people permission to start to complain about things openly that they might have only been saying privately before. Exactly. So at this point, it's a little unclear what happened next, but by all accounts, it seems that the pressure that was building reached a point that local elected officials felt they needed to do something to address residents concerns.


And so one of the things that they do is that they focus on all these complaints surrounding the housing situation. In early July, they send a letter to the Senate Banking Committee and they explain that the city of Springfield is facing a significant housing crisis that has been exacerbated by the large influx of immigrants. And the letter is copied to Ohio, Senator JD Vance, and he runs with it. There's a community called Springfield, Ohio. And it's very close to my heart because Springfield, Ohio, if any of you know, the state of Ohio is, is nearly a carbon copy of Middletown, Ohio where I grew up.


It's a population. He attends a conservative conference in Washington DC and he invokes the town. Now go to Springfield, go to Clark County, Ohio and ask the people there whether they have been enriched by 20,000 newcomers in four years. Housing is through the roof. He says that middle class people who have lived there for generations can't afford a place to live. That these quote, illegal immigrants are straining the city. But my interest is not in protecting the good people of another country.


I'm a senator for the state of Ohio. Our leaders have to protect the interests of the citizens of this country. And the next thing you know, Springfield, Ohio is facing a significant housing crisis as thousands of Haitian migrants have arrived on their doorstep because of the federal government, The Springfield city manager and mayor are on Fox and Friends, Thank you for having us on this morning. You know, when we see a 25% increase over a three year period, we're a community. We do not have the capacity to to sustain that. And the mayor and the city manager say that the city is under tremendous strain because of this surge in the Haitian population.


It's taxing healthcare. And as JD Vance spoke on, it's taxing our housing. And without additional federal assistance or support, again, communities like Springfield will fail And they blame the Biden administration for letting people into the country without keeping track of them or providing additional assistance to the localities that receive them. Thank you so much for joining us this morning. So what happens after this Fox and Friends appearance? This whole situation takes a very strange turn a few weeks later.


I think it's like kind of odd that like a guy like me has to come out from doing what I do on a daily basis to have fun because I see what's going on in these streets and I see you guys, It seems that it all begins with a guy at a city commission meeting who describes himself as an influencer. They're in the park grabbing up ducks by their neck and cutting. He claims that Haitians are grabbing ducks from the park, decapitating them and eating them. Whoa. Like we gotta do something, bro. It's kids Out here. At the same time, in a neighborhood Facebook group, someone posts that a neighbor's daughter's friend had seen a dead cat hanging from a tree at a Haitian home, A neighbor's daughter's friend that's pretty far removed, Right?


But then there's video footage that surfaces of someone allegedly eating a cat. And actually that person was not Haitian, and this did not happen in Springfield, but it still added fuel to the fire. And this whole situation goes viral. Trump's son, Don Jr. Tweets that Haitians are eating pets in Springfield. Elon Musk shared a post of people eating pets saying, vote for Kamala if you want this to happen to your neighborhood.


And there's this billboard put up by the Arizona GOP that says, eat less kittens, vote Republican. And then of course, Trump talks about it from the debate stage on Tuesday night. So this is pretty wild. And these claims, you know, they really evoke racist stereotypes of past eras. Like it's reminding me of the Willie Horton ad, you know, the infamous television ad from the 1988 presidential campaign that used racist fears and stereotypes about crime against Michael Dukakis, the Democrat at the time, except this is of the meme era, Right?


In a way, this is a classic Trump campaign move. These memes are offensive and they turn off some voters, but at the same time, everyone's paying attention, sharing them and talking about them. So they're spreading like wildfire, entering the world of culture, social media breaking through the noise. And so many more people are noticing something that at its root is an issue that's bad for Democrats immigration. So if you think about it this way, it's actually worth it for the Republicans to share this kind of stuff, even if it's gross and untrue because it's politically beneficial.


In fact, Vance himself tweeted about this just on Tuesday. He said that yes, the memes could be false, but he also seemed to suggest that there was a utility to them. He said, quote, don't let the cry babies in the media dissuade you fellow patriots keep the cat memes flowing. So Miriam, given all of that internet vitriol and and all of these memes raining down on Springfield, it makes me wonder, what do people in Springfield think? Have you talked to them? What are they saying? Well, in the Haitian community, there's certainly feeling afraid.


And what I heard is that people were calling the Haitian Community Center asking about whether their children will be safe and whether it might be time to leave Springfield. And on Wednesday, the day after the debate, the city manager put out a video expressing dismay that these rumors and political rhetoric have become a distraction from the real problems that his city is facing. So he is really trying to bring everybody back to reality. Yes, but what will stay with me most is that just before the debate was underway on Tuesday night, We felt it would be in our best interest to be here.


After recent comments, The father of Aiden Clark, the 11-year-old boy killed in that bus crash, spoke at another city commission meeting. You know, I wish that my son, Aiden Clark, was killed by a 60-year-old white man. And I bet you never thought anyone would ever say something so blunt, but if that guy killed my 11-year-old son, the incessant group of hate spewing people would leave us alone. The last thing that we need is to have the worst day of our lives violently and constantly shoved in our faces And in an impassioned speech, expressed his utter disgust, really with politicians who he described as morally bankrupt for utilizing his child as a tool to score political points To clear the air.


My son, Aiden Clark, was not murdered. He was accidentally killed by an immigrant from Haiti. This tragedy is felt all over this community, the state, and even the nation. But don't spin this towards hate. In order to live like Aiden, you need to accept everyone. And he said that one of the worst feelings in the world that he'd had is his inability to not just protect his child, but protect his memory. Now that he's gone, I said to Aiden that I would try to make a difference in his honor.


This is it. Live like Aiden. Thank you. So here is someone who has every right to be angry and turn away from this circus, but instead he's actually walking up to a podium and speaking out and pleading for a more nuanced view of all of this for people to see the situation for what it is and not reduce it to a political talking point. That's right. And you know, in some ways Springfield could have been an opportunity to discuss the challenges of receiving large numbers of immigrants.


Instead, it got flattened by a presidential campaign trying to score points at all costs. And at the end of the day, that really makes it harder to actually solve the problems. Miriam, thank you. Thank you, Sabrina. On Thursday morning, Springfield City Hall was evacuated after a bomb threat was sent to city agencies, schools, and media outlets.


Authorities investigated the locations, including with explosive detecting dogs and determined that they were safe. But City Hall remained closed. We will be right back.


AI may be the most important new computer technology ever, but AI needs a lot of processing speed and that gets expensive fast. Upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is the single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. Do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic. Take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/ oracle.com/in


10 minutes or less, the Opinions podcast brings you a fresh way to understand the news with voices from New, York Times opinion, I've Got a break for you. I'm actually gonna tell you some good news today. One idea, one analysis, one perspective at a time, featuring David Brooks Tressie McMillan Codi, Michelle Goldberg, Thomas Friedman, and many more. Find the opinions in your podcast player.


Here's what else you should know today. The Times reports that President Biden appears on the verge of clearing the way for Ukraine to launch long range Western weapons deep inside Russian territory as long as it doesn't use arms provided by the United States. The US had held off on allowing the use for fear of provoking President Putin from using nuclear weapons. On Thursday, Putin issued an unusually specific warning saying that allowing Ukraine to use the weapons will mean quote, that NATO countries are at war with Russia. And on Thursday, the New York City Police Commissioner resigned at the request of City Hall after federal agents seized his phone last week as part of a criminal investigation.


In a memo to the police department, Edward a Kaban wrote that he resigned because the news reports about that investigation had created a distraction for the department. The announcement came just a year after he was appointed by Mayor Eric Adams and underscores the chaos swirling around the mayor's administration, which has been roiled by four federal investigations in recent months, resulting in searches and seizures targeting high ranking officials. Remember to catch a new episode of the interview right here tomorrow.


This week, Lulu Garcia Navarro talks with Demi Moore about her new movie, the Substance In It. Moore plays an actress struggling with her aging body. The question is, would you trade your wisdom for a tight ass? And where do you land on that question? I would like to not have to choose. Today's episode was produced by Nina Feldman, ASTA Chedi and Rob Zko. It was edited by Michael Benoit and Mark George with research help from Susan Lee contains original music by Dan Powell and Maryanne Lozano, and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder. That's it for The Daily, I'm Sabrina Taver. See you on Monday.