
From The New York Times, This is The Interview. I'm m David Marca, The long awaited Emmy award winning series, Severance Returns for its second season next week. I've seen a bunch of the new episodes, which have some real surprises in them, and I can say that I'm very eager to see other fans' reaction to how the show has moved forward with its story. By way of a reminder, that story is about a rebellious group of employees at the mysterious and probably Malevolent Lumen Industries. Those employees are office drones whose consciousness has been artificially separated between their work selves, also known as their nies and their outs, their selves away from the office.


That sense of a divided self is one to which Ben Stiller, who co-directed and co-executive produces the series can probably relate. It's actually one of the things that's most intriguing to me about him. He's a hugely successful comedic actor from mainstream hits, like Meet the Parents and Night at the Museum, who has gradually stepped away from acting in favor of his first love directing as a director. He's a much more subversive and distinctive stylist than his biggest acting roles might suggest. Take for example, more serious projects like his crime drama series, escape of Dan Morra, as well as Severance of course, and also his Off the Wall comedy Satires like Cable Guy and Zoolander, the latter of which he also starred.


So I don't think I'm overreaching and suggesting that there is some, any Audi Severance style tension, If you will, running through Stiller's own story, as I found out while speaking with him at his Manhattan office. That's something he was trying to make sense of too. Here's my conversation with Ben Stiller. You know, I, I was thinking about Severance and, and sort of where it fits in the arc of your career. Are there specific things that working on comedy gave you the tools for when it comes to working on something like Severance, which I would describe as maybe comedy adjacent?


It's funny because I just, I, you know, I don't categorize it specifically and I think I find that stuff very funny. I mean, I think whenever anything is very specific, it's always funny and I feel like the show is, sort of has its basis in the workplace comedy, like the office or office space or Parks and Rec. But where it goes off, I think this season we probably went to some like Stranger Places, but I felt like that was also just part of what the show is. The show has to continue on its journey and can't just stay and doing the same thing. But I love that stuff. You think of the second season as still in the vein of a workplace comedy, The second season probably gets a little bit stranger than that.


Yeah, yeah. But it is, but it is based in the idea that started the show, right? That these people are in a workplace doing a job that they don't understand. They don't know who they are or what they're doing or why they're there. And that to me has always been sort of the, you know, that's the sort of like the blueprint for the show. You know, there were a couple news stories that came out about Severance being a difficult production with delays in creative differences. Was it a particularly difficult production? And do you find that there is any link between how difficult something is to make and the uniqueness of that thing?


Because Severance is sort of a, a unique show, and I wonder if it just is gonna be trickier than if you're doing like a traditional sitcom or something. Yeah, I I, I have never really believed that idea of like, you know, you have to have friction or something on a set or, you know, I've heard directors talk about that to keep sort of tension on set. I think just the nature of making this show over the last, I mean it's five years now has been a learning experience and yeah, sometimes, you know, creatively it's been the questions of like, which way do we go with it? And I really believe that the show comes out of the, the different creative perspectives of the people who work on it.


And so, yeah, it's not always perfect. We went through patches where there were difficulties, but it's also, I think it all came out of everybody wanting something to be as good as it could be. And I really believe that all those different points of view ended up making the show what it is. So yeah, there's, you know, there was some stuff that happened, but it wasn't a big deal. Do you know how the series ends? Do you have the arc all plotted out? We have the end, yes. Would it be a spoiler to tell me the ending? Yes, of course.


I think So. You know the answer, you know what you're working towards. Yes. We definitely have an end. I think we now know exactly how many seasons, which I, I won't say at this point, but yeah. Could you say something enigmatic that seems like it reveals a clue to the ending? I mean, in my mind, the se the series has always been about Mark and, you know, his, his Indian is Audi and what happens with his Indian and Audi and what is the ultimate sort of destination for both of them? I knew it. Yeah. So what you were saying a beat before about people being at work and on some level sort of mystified about the fact that, you know, it's, everything seem opaque.


You don't really feel like you have control, you don't know who's really making the decisions. I was thinking that maybe Hollywood is like that in some ways because it's not clear who's calling the shots or where the power really lies. Did your work experience inform the show in any way? Yeah, it's a good question. I mean, I do think, you know, what you said is true that at a certain point there's always somebody making a decision who is not making it to your face or telling you, or you even know who that person is. And it can be really, really frustrating, I think in show business even probably more than, I mean, just from my own experience, the, you know, how something happens, why it happens, why someone gets rejected, why a decision is made is never explained to the artist or the creative person.


Or if it is, it's usually not the truth. You know, it's a cliche in Hollywood, but it's kind of true. Is that no, everybody you know will say yes, and it doesn't mean yes, it means no or let me think about it, or yeah, great, this was a great meeting and then like a day later, yeah, they're passing more than ever, honestly, these days. 'cause it's very, oh really? You know, it's a very tough environment now to get things made. I think just with the post the strike, post Covid, it's more expensive to make things. And I think the decision makers are, you know, trying to keep their jobs and trying to figure out how to make things work for them, which make means constriction and choices that are safer. You know, hearing you say that brings to mind, you know, sort of in the late nineties into the two thousands sort of the, your bread and butter were these big Yeah.


Hollywood comedies. And in a lot of those films you played, it was kind of a type, you know, like you were, you were sort of a, a well-meaning often outsider in some sense who is made to suffer a bunch of indignities, but ultimately kind of comes out on top at the end, right. Was there any part of you that felt like you understood why audiences responded to you in that role in particular? Like what, was there any part where you're like, why do they wanna see me again? I I honestly, I, yeah, I never, I had no, I mean, it's funny because at the time I remember like a moment in time when like people started having that reaction.


Like I would like open up a newspaper and be like, why is Ben Stiller in every movie? Like, I, like, I remember opening up the LA Times and a guy like wrote, it was actually a funny inside joke with Ricky DTEs for a long time. 'cause there was this writer who wrote like a letter to God, dear God, stop putting Ben Stiller in comedies. And, and it was like, yeah, I, but I wasn't thinking, I was just like, I don't know, I'm, you know, I'm here, I'm doing it. I, I love doing what I do. But you know, it's only in retrospect more to look back and go, oh yeah, that was like, wow. There was like a, you know, a thing happening there that, you know, I was very fortunate to be a part of, but I don't know what the zeitgeist was or what, you know, and, and you can look at two thousands comedies now and go, okay, there were a specific kind of thing, a tone.


And there were a lot of great things in those comedies too that we don't have now. But I don't know If you can recreate that now. But at the time I really wasn't analyzing it too much. I was kind of just trying to figure out how to navigate it. You know, you did have this, this real string of big movies from like, something about Mary sort of like, through the night at the museum. Did, did you feel like because those movies were hitting you kind of got swept up in something that was sort of out of your control a little bit? Like what was your thinking about the work in that period? It's not something when you're in it that you are really able to analyze, you know, because it's happening.


And I sort of don't believe you when you wanted to say that really, because I suspect you were very strategic throughout your career thinking about what was gonna potentially work at different times. But I, what do I know? I, I don't think so. 'cause I don't think I'm that smart, really. Like, I, I think I would make decisions based, like, I remember very clearly night at the museum was a decision because I grew up near the Natural History Museum and I was, I thought, oh, I love this. Like, if I was a kid, I'd love this and it'd be fun to do. But Then the night of the museum three decision right, is a little different, right? Yeah. But it's also, you know, at that point, you know, you've got a team together and those were all fun to do and like, you know, I'm not gonna not wanna work with Robin Williams or you know, Sean Levy getting this group together.


But, you know, when I was in that period, I don't think I had the ability to kinda like, hover over it and go like, how am I looking at? And, and a lot of actors and filmmakers do have that ability. I, I just wasn't at that place. So, you know, the only part of it that was sort of like nagging at me, it was like, I like to do other kinds of movies as a filmmaker. And I just never really stopped to make the time to do that. I was directing a lot of those movies myself, directing myself in them. And a lot of times getting movies made as a director, because I was in them, they say, well, If you would be in it, then we'll make it. And also I think it's just sort of like something that happened and you don't have control over that.


The tension between knowing that there were movies that you wanted to make and then you also had opportunities to be in other movies. How alive was that tension for you at the time? Like, do you remember experiences where you might have been thinking like, oh, I, I wanna make this, but this offer to do Yeah. Right. Where there's like, Along Came Poly or whatever the movie might have been. I'm gonna go with that one. Yeah, sure. And you know, that's a personal choice you make at the time. I mean, I think fear is always a big thing as an actor. I think, you know, I saw q and a with Jeremy Strong, that movie The Apprentice, and somebody asked him, why did you wanna do this role? He said, fear.


And I totally identify with that because, you know, fear is what drives you sometimes to go away from something or sometimes to jump into something depending on where you're at. So what was a fear driven decision? I mean, I think so many decisions are based in, it's, it's underneath. It's like whether or not the fear is gonna push you away from something or you're gonna jump off the, the cliff with it. I had a chance to like, to do Glen Gary, Glen Ross on Broadway, probably around that long game Poly Time. I decided not to do that. I look back, oh, maybe I would've liked to have done that. But it's also just where I was at at the time. And, and has what you are afraid of changed over time?


Yeah, I mean, I think as you get older it changes everything in terms of, you know, what you look at as what's ahead of you in terms of the things that you think you wanna do than really looking at, okay, well I'm at this point in my life, I'm at this age. You have to think more about, well, do I really want to take this chance right now? How much do I care about what the, the quote unquote bad result is? And I think as you get older, you, for me, it's like you care a little bit less about that If you want to do something because you're like, well, what do I, why am I letting this intangible thing, which is like fear of what? It's fear of people saying, I suck fear of people not going to see it.


Or saying, I mean, what is that? That's still like, and I've experienced that because I've, as you know, I've had successes and failures and, you know, the day after something doesn't do well or if it, you know, gets s or people don't go. It's not like anything in your literal life has changed, you know, your real life, your tangible life. It's just how you feel. You know? I mean, you feel embarrassed or you feel like I, I, you know, I, damn I wasn't, you know, I wanted to be the winner, but, you know, winning doesn't always happen, usually doesn't happen. So, you know, how do you live with that? And when you take the chance, it's still important that you took the leap and you went for it. And failure can be in not taking the chance.


And as, as you get older, I think that's something that you start to feel. It's like, well, I just want to have this experience while I'm still here. Just, just hearing you talk about your thinking in the context of the audience and also what you wanna do. I, I was just in my mind, I remember how I did one of these interviews with Eddie Murphy and he said he only wants to do projects that he knows will work. Like, he's not interested really in doing something that might be, or alienating, like he wants to, if he's gonna spend time on doing something, he wants to feel confident that it's gonna work. Which doesn't quite sound like how you think about it. Yeah. I mean, sometimes the audience has to sort of have time to, I I, I feel like this has happened with a bunch of movies I've done, which is, it takes the audience a few years to get it, like Zoolander or something like that.


Yeah. You know, like Zoolander when it came out was, was not a big hit. Yeah. 'cause what a weird world, what a weird character. But once they became acclimated to it, then, you know, then it became something that they really, you know, liked Reality Bites was the first film you directed. Yeah. That's a film that really seemed to speak to Gen X both then and still continues to speak to them. Do you think that film is representative of any specific generational values that you hold? I feel like the film is a time piece of where we were at that moment in time as put through a kind of a pop culture lens.


And it was written by Helen Childress who was taking her experience and trying to kind of encapsulate, you know, the, the issues that she was dealing with. I think I was coming to add more as my character, honestly. You know, the Michael character, who was the guy kind, kind of trying to commodify it a little bit and was outside of it a little bit. So in a way I feel like that that's what the movie is. Like Helen was Elena and I was Michael and we improvised a lot as she was rewriting the script when we were working on it to, so that's, that was my experience of making that movie. I do feel like generationally though, the issues in that movie are kind of evergreen sort of issues.


Oh, I strongly disagree, but really? Yeah. Yeah. Really well, why do you think they're evergreen? Well, I just think it's that moment in time where you're having to figure out how to, If you, you know, have parents who've supported you or whatever, that you're having to cut the cord and figure out how to go out into the world. Yeah. Yeah. And find yourself, Tell me. No, I, I a hundred percent agree with that aspect of it, right? The aspect of the film that to me feels very much like a time capsule and representative of a specific Gen X attitude that has basically disappeared is the anxiety about the possibility of selling out. And I think now young creative people, it's like the, maybe it's just because it, they've realized it's so hard to actually make a living.


The concept of selling out is the total phantom that doesn't exist for people anymore. Because it's almost like you, It's like you're anybody's gonna give me money. Right? Of course, I'll take it. You know? But I think that a lot of that is because of how social media has changed, how people can upload their lives to everyone directly, you know? And I think that I, No, what's the connection? I don't just that She was making a little documentary on her video camera that then she had to give to Michael to put on, you know, the MTV version of what that was. And now you just go straight to the internet. And I think young people are expected to do that now and to create their own movie and get it out into the world.


And I think it plays into what you're saying, which is, it's almost like if you're not selling out, you're not doing what you should be doing. Yeah. And I feel that with my kids. I see that pressure on them when I see their friends and you know, what they post and their, their image of what, you know, they put out to the world. And it's a, it's a responsibility. And If you don't do that, you're not part of what's going on. So I feel like there's almost a, a pressure to have to do that. And you, you know, another project I think you wanted to make for a long time was an adaptation of what makes Sammy Run Yeah. Bud Schuberg novel. Yeah. You tried for years to get that made. Yeah. And, and I thought this, so, so for people who don't know the book, it's, it's a, a story about a Jewish character named Sammy Glick who's sort of a conniving, amoral striver in Hollywood and, and his unquenchable thirst to succeed Yeah.


In that world. And I thought that's an interesting movie for a young successful Jewish man in Hollywood to want to make. What was it about that book that, that resonated with you? Well, I thought the story was kind of, you know, it's this prototypical story of a guy who comes from nothing to, to do whatever it takes to get to the top. And I think Bud s Schulberg always saw it as kind of a, you know, a metaphor for anybody who wants to get to the top, that that mindset of it doesn't matter, you just do whatever it takes.


That's why I think the, the novel resonates. I think there's always been a resistance to it. And I can understand why for a long time I was very frustrated. 'cause I felt like, well, this story should be made. But, you know, the flip side of it is that it can be looked at as you're shining a spotlight on a Jewish character who is this self hating Jew, who is willing to do whatever. And, you know, Do you think that was the resistance to I I think making It so I think, I mean, partly I think so. I think it's always been hard to make show business stories, you know, in, in Hollywood, because people in the business feel like the outside world isn't interested in the inside baseball of it. Though I've always been attracted to those kinds of stories, and I do, you know, it's funny, I think about it now and I would love to see that story made.


What I worry about is how people would interpret it on the outside, you know? And that's as a Jewish person. Do you, do you think there are ways in which after October 7th, being Jewish in Hollywood has been trickier to navigate or have things felt different? I think just being a Jewish person feels different. And I think it's an environment that, growing up I grew up in an incredibly sheltered upper West side environment. I never experienced antisemitism. I heard about it, but I was, you know, never around it. So the reality of that, to start feeling that now where other people have felt it their whole lives in other parts of the world and, you know, in other parts of our country.


And to see the, the spike and the, the rise in, in anti-Semitic violence is, you know, something that I never thought I'd experience in my lifetime. And feeling what my kids are feeling too, and how incredibly politicized it all is, and how complicated it is because with the social media universe and all of it, it's, it's almost impossible to really talk about it in, in a, in a really level headed sort of way where you can hear other people's ideas because people are just kind of like shouting at each other on, on social media, but the reality of it is really frightening. Yeah. But ha has any of that reality in any way filtered into your working life?


I don't know. I mean, I think it's also a choice of, as a creative person where you want put your energy, you know, in terms of the business, I think there've always been those misconceptions of like, you know, of what, of how, you know, Jews are involved in Hollywood, and that's always been a thing. And a lot of that also is, I think, a result of the fact that there were a lot of successful Jewish people who, you know, started the Hollywood movie industry. And so it's sort of like folded in on itself. But the reality of that world now is so completely different. It's just, you know, the, the, the Jewish population is so small, you know, I, it took me a long time to even realize that in my sheltered world that, you know, what is it 20 million Jews in the whole world?


Or something like that. So the, the proportion of success, I mean, it's, it's a very tough thing to navigate. And I feel like right now in the world, there's just so much hate and antipathy that's out there. And it's not limited to antisemitism, but that, that's a, you know, that's something Jewish people are feeling, but people are feeling it all over too. I have no smooth segue to get out of the antisemitism portion of this conversation, so I'm just Gonna take a hard left. All right. I, you know, in my reading of your career around 2010, there's a, a real change happens.


Starting 2010 really did a lot fewer of kind of like the big broad comedies, and you started to do films like you did, I think three Noah Bombach movies did a Secret Life of Walter Mitty Brad's Status. Yeah. And, and these are all movies that are really about middle-aged guys working through the big questions. Was doing those films the result of a conscious decision that you wanted to start doing a different kind of film and stop doing what you had been doing before? Yeah, I think around that time I moved back to New York. I'd been living in LA for 20 years and decided to move back here where I grew up.


And, and I wanted to try to spend more time at home, But also It was, yeah, it was like a point where, for me, really where it like kind of changed in terms of my outlook was after Zoolander two oh, it, it was the feeling of like, oh, okay, this is what everybody wants this, all right, I'm gonna do it. And I had fun doing it, and then nobody wanted it. And I was like, well, but you said you wanted it and really was it that bad? You know, that was where I really was like, oh, I have to make a choice here where like, I'm not going to do that if I want to do these other things and wait for the right opportunity to come up and not go off and oh, if somebody's offering me, you know, Zoolander three, then I'm gonna go do that.


But Zoolander two gave me the gift of nobody offering me Zoolander three, Because Nobody wanted it at that time. So it was like, okay, here's some space I have to live with. That feeling, the feeling of not winning. And also, you know, my marriage wasn't in a great place and there's a lot going on that, that really, for me, kind of, I think I got a little bit clearer on what I wanted and what my priorities were. But I think 2010 was sort of like the beginning of that moving out of la Yeah. You, you mentioned your marriage was in a bad place and you and your wife Christine Taylor separated for a while and reconciled, and I saw her talking on Drew Barrymores talk show, and she brought up the idea of sort of the separation reconciliation being the result of what she called adult growth spurts, which I thought was a, a nice way of putting it.


What was your growth spurt during that time? Well, we, when we separated it was just, you know, having space to see what our, our relationship was, what my life felt like when we weren't in that relationship. How much I cared about my family, how much I loved our family unit. I think we both, as she said, we both kind of took care of ourselves separately. And, and, and eventually it was a, i it was like three or four years really, that we weren't together, but we always were connected. And I, in my mind, I never didn't want us to be together.


And I, I don't know where Christine was, you'd have to ask her, but Covid put us all together in the same house as an Act of God. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it was, it was like almost like a year of living in the same house before we were actually together. But I'm so grateful for it. And not that many people I do come back together when they separate. I mean, a lot of people do, I'm sure. But there's nothing like that when you do come back because you really do have so much more of an appreciation for what you have, because we know you could not have it too. My understanding is you are working on a documentary about your parents. Yeah. The, the Anne Mira and Jerry Stiller, the comedy team.


People don't know the, the comedy team. They certainly know that your dad played George Costanza's dad on, on Seinfeld. And I, I was thinking about the fact you're working on a documentary about them, and it sort of occurred to me that kind of outside of like a therapeutic setting, there aren't a lot of opportunities for people to sort of, in a structured way sit and think about their parents. So what has working on the documentary revealed to you about your understanding of your parents? Well, I think it's, it's really made me look at my own relationship to my parents more than anything.


It, every time I wanna make the movie about them, I'm realizing it's all kind of reflecting back on my own issues that I have with them and how much, you know, I mean, you're right. Like, I feel so fortunate that I have all this footage of my parents and our family from these super eight movies that my dad took. And then, then I took and recordings my dad made hours and hours and hours Just talking into a tape machine, Talking, talking with my mother as they were writing sketches. Or sometimes he'd just record us just 'cause he wanted to have our voices. But I see my, I see the world I grew up in.


I see my father, I was just thinking about it this morning, just how much of I, I love my father, but also that tension of like, not wanting to be my father, but everybody loves my father. And so, like, I would love to be loved as my father loved because he was a lovely person. But then he's al there's also the thing of like, oh, but I'm me. And that was something I was feeling since I was, you know, a a, a teenager. And I, and I Really, the conflict between understanding that PE people had affection for your father and also your not wanting to be your father, but wanting no people's affection, I think, no, I think it was more just wanting to individuate from my father, wanting to be my own person, you know, like not being into their comedy and their thing.


I, you know, I wanted to be a serious director. And then when I discovered comedy, it was, well, it wasn't like what they did. It was like, I, like SCTV or Saturday Night Live, you know, and not until I was older, it was I able to really just appreciate, you know, what they did. But at all the, while my parents were so supportive, especially my dad, my mom was a little bit of a tougher audience. And I think my dad was very overprotective and concerned about the rejection in show business that you get have to deal with. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, it, it's a hard thing when you're, when you look up to a, a parent so much in terms of just their, like, what their essence is.


Like Jerry's essence was so sweet that, you know, you look at, I look at myself and go, you know, am I, am I that person? You know, am I as as good as he was? 'cause I, and maybe that's a good thing to, to wanna aspire to, but I feel like that's what he was. Are you, I don't know. I mean, I try, I try, but you know, also, by the way, he obviously wasn't perfect, but he, You know, he wasn't one of those guys who was like, you know, win win win. That wasn't his drive. His drive was just to kind of create and to try to protect his family and to, and to be loved.


'cause he came from a, a background of parents who were very poor and there was a lot of fighting between his parents and depression. And he wasn't nurtured like that. But he didn't go on to not nurture his children. He went the opposite way. He was so nurturing. So, you know, that that's what he was. Wait, So you're, you're sitting on a couch. So this is all appropriate for this kind Of, I'm gonna lie down now simply, But that was your dad. Yeah. Your mom was a tougher critic. She Was. She was. She was, you know, Irish Catholic. Very funny. I think I actually share more of my mom's sense of humor than my dad's. She was a serious actor who then my dad drew into comedy who came up with the idea for them to do their comedy act to make money after they'd been married for five or six years in the fifties.


And I think she never loved comedy. She was very good at it. I think she was more naturally adept at it than my dad. Actually, my dad was funny, but his dream was to be Eddie Cantor or Jack Benny. My mother was more of like a polished stage, you know, like a nightclub. She, she really just knew how to work a craft. And she wrote Plays and she wrote plays, and she was more interested in writing and reading and acting in different kinds of things. She, I think, always was like, when I, she saw me doing comedy, she was like, oh, that's great. But I like, you know, I liked Greenberg or I like Permanent Midnight. Yeah. Yeah. There's a New Yorker profile of you from Yeah.


Around the time of Walter Mitty and the writer mentioned that you had been developing a project, I wanna say it was called The Mirror. Yeah. About a Hollywood success who was worried he was a sellout and wanted to become like a truth teller or something. And kind of the writer made hay of this as like a parallel for you. Yeah. But the little tidbit in there is that your mom vetoed the project. Yeah. Right. What Was that about? Well, in the idea of the movie was, that's funny. I'd forgotten about that. My family had to play my family and also there was a psychiatrist who sort of like kicks off the whole thing, but I think like gives the, my character a pill or something. But I wanted Gene Wilder to play that, that guy.


And I sent it to my mom and to Gene Wilder, and they both nixed it Gene Wilder. He's like, I think you're great. But this, I do not like this project. I thought it was really good. My mother didn't want to go there. Yeah. Now that's very atypical of her because when I was starting out, like audition tapes, or I did an audition reel for Saturday Night Live where I had my parents in it and they were in so many things that I did. It was never a thing. But for some reason that specific role, and maybe it was what, I don't know, I wish I could ask her. Just, just, you mentioned Saturday Night Live, you were on it sort of famously or infamously for about four episodes or something like that.


Yeah, yeah. Because you kind of wanted to make short films for them and it just, you could tell it wasn't gonna work out. But the thing that I'm curious about is what is the conversation like when you go into Lor Michael's office and tell him I'm leaving the show, that like, every young comedian in the country aspires to being on What's, hi, what was his response? He was like, Okay, That's my Lord. Men's gonna do what men's going to do. It wasn't great, but I knew that I couldn't do well there. 'cause I wasn't great at live performing. Like my mom was like, would've been better on that show.


I got too nervous. It wasn't, I didn't enjoy it and I wanted to be making short films. So like, in the moment, there were reasons why, and I had this opportunity to do this MTV show, and it had been a dream to be on Saturday Night Live. But like, looking back on it, I don't remember exactly how I had the, the, you know, Fortitude. Gumption. I Was gonna say, yeah, I know the word you Were gonna Say, the gumption. Thank you very much to do that. But for whatever reason, I followed that instinct. Sorry to jump around. Yeah. But I, I read your dad's memoir. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. Married to Laughter. Married To Laughter. Yeah. And there, there was a a little segment in there that I wanted to read to you and Okay.


I have a question about, it's, it's nothing Okay. Weird to, okay, this is supposed to be heartwarming and sort of, I right, I right a whimsical here at the end. He wrote, what words of wisdom can I give my children? See past the hype and the glitz, and ask yourself why you want to perform. It may take years to arrive at the answers, but understanding the reasons will help you to keep the dream alive and reach your goals. Do you feel like you understand your reasons for why you do what you do? Hmm. It's, that's interesting. 'cause I, when I hear that, I, I know that my dad knew why he wanted to perform. That's a good question.


I think so. I mean, for me, I think it's about trying to get closer to expressing my true self. Trying to somehow make something that feels truthful and real and maybe is just yeah. More opening up myself in a way that's closer to the bone and trying to have the sort of courage to kind of go to keep going for that. For me, it's figuring it out is like just what life is about. It's the big question. Like, what are we here for? I don't, I haven't figured that out yet.


And I think as I continue to try to figure that out while I'm still here, I feel like that's what I wanna try to make the work that I do about too. I probably should have brought this up when it's more thematically appropriate, but I thought maybe it's a good place to end also. But I love a movie you made mid nineties called Heavyweights. Yeah. Which is about a lunatic named Tony Perkiss. Perkiss, yeah. Played By you. Yeah. Who buys, you know, for lack of a better term, a fat camp. Right. And, you know, this Is a Disney movie, by the way, a Disney Movie. They're not making this movie Tries to essentially tries to torture the kids into losing weight. Yeah. My sister and I used to watch the movie over and over again. We had the VHS tape. I still remember lines from it, which I'm not gonna subject you to, but, and then about 10 years later, dodgeball, you did a character named White Goodman.


Yeah. Who's also the bad guy. Yeah. Who's trying to sort of professionalize a dodgeball Yeah. League. Those are the, it's essentially the same character you transposed from one film into the other. Right. Sh Damn. No, they're not, they're totally different. One has blonde hair and one has really dark hair, one has a mustache. Yeah. But The voice is the same. The voice is basically the same. Yeah. So it's not just me. Thank you. No, I, I mean it was like, you know, like, those are two, like the most fun experiences I've ever had on movies playing those characters. And we did the reading for Dodgeball Ross and Thurber had written the movie and was directing it.


And then I was like, I don't know, like, what voice you to do? I don't have that many different voices. And I kind of just went into that voice and he is like, that's great. I was like, well, I kind of did that in heavyweights. It's like, oh, that's all right. Whatever. And I honestly did never thought, not that I was like trying to like pull one over. It's just like, I never thought anybody would really like, you know, 30 years later be talking to me. Here I am on The New York Times about like the, you know, calling out heavyweights and dodgeball. It just wasn't in my, you know, really? You didn't think about that. Yeah. So poor long term thinking If I could go back, but no. Yeah. It was just sort of like, all right, I'll just go, go for it and do this, this, do this one.


Well, thank you very much for taking all the time today. I appreciate it. Yeah, It was great talking to you, Man. And you know, we're, we're talk, supposed to talk again, we do two. Oh, we are, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. You do the little follow up. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Cool. Please don't refer to it as the little follow up. Isn't it usually like a phone call or something? Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I take, I really think about it. I'm sorry. After the break I called Ben back with a few more questions about how comedy has changed. I think it was just like kind of a, I don't wanna say a more innocent time 20 years ago. It wasn't that innocent, but, but weirdly kind of, it was, Hi Ben, how are you?


Hey, it's the follow up, the little follow up. Just because you said little follow up. I'm gonna rake you over the coals. Ben, I'm, I'm determined to elicit a nugget of Severance information that'll make the, the obsessives on the internet. Okay. Go nutty. So without giving too much away, there's an episode in the season, in the upcoming season where someone, and it's not clear who is, is walking and whistling a melody, which yeah. I believe is the melody of Gordon Life. Foot's the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald. Is that correct? I don't think that's a spoiler to say that.


Wait, but do you deny, I don't Think a Spoiler to say that. Do you deny that that song's lyrics are perhaps a Rosetta Stone for deciphering exactly what Severance and lumen are up to? I'm not gonna say anything and you know, I wanna leave all, all options open. But also, no, I'm a Gordon Lightfoot fan. I think it Oh, really was incredible. Oh my God, yes. And I used Carefree Highway at the end of Escape of Dan anymore. Oh yeah. And I will hopefully will always be able to use his music in movies. 'cause I think he is just one of the great artists of our time. L let me shift gears. I I, I was thinking about how when you came back to a certain kind of comedy with Zoolander two, the, the way you put it was, you know, that was an ex an example of you thinking people wanted something.


You gave it to them and then it turned out they didn't want it. And it made me curious if sort of despite Zoolander two, If you have gotten or still get pitches for a new Fers movie. Yes, Yes. The interesting thing, because I, it was, you know, came out a couple years ago, I think that I was like the same age that De Niro was when we did the first movie. And kind of like, what would've evolved in that, you know, that now that I, my character that Greg would have kids who maybe one of 'em is getting married. So it, it kind of, you know, was an interesting sort of mirror to the first movie. But for me, I guess I look at it differently as a, as a director, then as an actor.


And if there was something that came together on Bakkers that everybody liked that was fun, you know, I'm open to that. But I think maybe for me as a director, it's my head is in a different place. You know, probably even post Santa more and Severance and stuff Basically. Are you saying sort of the stakes feel a little bit lower when you're just acting in it? No, it's just a, well, no, it's just a different, like a different creative experience for me. I think, you know, like it's, it's really more like my, my personal interest as a filmmaker I think right now is like kind of like, I don't know, like I think it's, I think it's really hard to, it's really hard to make a comedy, you know?


Yeah. In a, in a way, like when I'm, as a, you know, when you're directing, I, I kind of like the freedom also of not having to direct a comedy where you can, any comedy that comes into something that's a dramatic is usually welcome if the tone is clear, but it's sort of like a bonus, you know, and not an expectation. And if I, I'm really being honest, like, that's, that's part of it too. And I, I was thinking about how when we were talking about your comedies from the two thousands, you, you said there were a lot of great things in them that we don't have now. And also that you don't know if that can be recreated, but what don't we have now in comedy that we did have back then?


I think it's just the, it's just the freedom, you know, the freedom to like, not worry about how something was gonna get interpreted. And I do think it was sort of, in a weird way, was a more, it was a freer time because there was less analysis given to, even to the people who were making the comedy. I think it was just like kind of a, I don't wanna say a more innocent time 20 years ago because it wasn't that innocent, but, but weirdly kind of, it was, you know, You know, I, I just was thinking about this lately in a different context, but, and, and thinking about how there's like this whole universe of comedy podcast now where people are saying whatever the hell they want to say seemingly with no regard for who's gonna be upset about it or not.


I, I just wonder, is it, is it your experience that, that like comedy feels trickier? I, well, I can only speak from my own Yeah. You know, my own experience, which is I, I, I definitely am aware of that. Oh. But again, I also never really thought about it that way back in, in the two thousands too. I don't, I don't think I was ever, I think I'm the same person. I, I was in on that regard, like in terms of, you know, I wasn't as, I wasn't the guy who was gonna go out there and, you know, say whatever. And like, I think I always had that self-awareness that probably just was, you know, part of who I am.


Let, lemme try and I'm trying to sort of wrap things up with a bit of a bow here, but I, I, I saw somewhere that your ambition early on was to try to make movies as good as Albert Brooks' movies. Have you lived up to that? Oh God, no. I mean, he, because you know, he, he just basically, you know, like created it all on his own. I, and I think he had a persona that he, you know, developed and I think, I guess, you know, you could say Woody Allen did it too, but for me there was just something about the tone of his humor that is so unique.


So I, yeah, for me, the answer's no. I mean, I think I've been able to make some things that I feel proud of, and I, and I love being a movie director and, and actor and all that. But I feel like what he did is unique and, and really has not ever been equaled. Do you have specific ambitions for what you do with your career? I mean, I really just want to keep on getting closer to, like, making something that I feel is as good as, you know, it can be. And that, and as, as honest as it can be, that to me is, you know, really satisfying. Ben, thank you very much for taking all the time to talk with me.


I appreciate it. Yeah. I've enjoyed it. And this, this was a good follow up. I feel like it wasn't like a little whatever, you know? Yeah. Well, good luck with, good luck with your, your little TV show. Tv. It's My little thing, your little New York Times thing. You got Dave? Good. See you. That's Ben Stiller. The second season of Severance Airs January 17th on Apple tv. Plus, this conversation was produced by Wyatt Orm. It was edited by Annabel Bacon, mixing by Sophia Landman, original music by Dan Powell, Diane Wong, and Marian Lazano Photography by Phil Montgomery.


Our senior booker is Priya Matthew, and Seth Kelly is our senior producer. Our executive producer is Allison Benedict. Special thanks to Rory Walsh, Renan Borelli, Jeffrey Miranda, Nick Pittman, Maddie Maiello, Jake Silverstein, Paula Schumann, and Sam Dolnick. If you like what you're hearing, follow or subscribe to The Interview. Wherever you get your podcasts, tweet or listen to any of our conversations. You can always go to ny times.com/ The Interview and you can email us anytime at The Interview at ny times.com. Next week I talk with Curtis Arvin, the controversial blogger whose ideas have gained traction among powerful Republican figures. The question of basically is democracy, good or bad, is I think a secondary question to, is it what we actually have?


I'm m David Marca, and This is The Interview from The New York Times.