(0s):
Amgen. A leading biotechnology company needed a global financial company to facilitate funding and acquisition to broaden Amgen's therapeutic reach, expand its pipeline, and accelerate bringing new and innovative medicines to patients in need. Globally they found that partner in Citi whose seamlessly connected banking markets and services businesses can advise finance and close deals around the world. Learn more at citi.com/client stories.

(29s):
My name is Rachel Corbett and I'm a contributor to The New York Times Magazine. This story is about a private city. What is a private city? You ask? It's just like a regular city. People live and work there, make decisions about how they wanna pursue their dreams, except the city is owned by a corporation. It has all of the features of a government, but for a price almost everything is privatized, private school, private security, private infrastructure, and they're often built in semi-autonomous zones with their own laws.

(1m 12s):
That kind of freedom is especially appealing to foreign investors looking to circumvent certain regulations or taxes. Historically, places like this already exist like Shenzhen, Singapore or Hong Kong, but private cities are a growing movement, about 30 of sprung up all over the world, sometimes in conflict with the very countries that host them. My story from the magazine is about one private city being built by a US corporation on an island off the coast of Honduras, and it's backed by a few Silicon Valley billionaires like Peter Thiel and Sam Altman and the city they've put their money into is called Prospera.

(2m 10s):
Prosper is the most advanced version of this private city phenomenon in terms of its infrastructure and the number of businesses that have invested in it. For example, medical companies there don't have to operate by FDA standards when conducting clinical trials. Real estate developers don't have to follow typical environmental laws, but there's something else that makes Prospera notable. It's suing the Honduran government for almost $11 billion. Once I heard about this lawsuit, I realized this wasn't just some kind of fringe, libertarian, fever dream, that it was someplace that could actually have real effects on the world, and so I needed to know more and that meant I had to go to Prospera.

(3m 6s):
Prospera is not open to the public. You have to become a resident, which with a few exceptions is shockingly easy. You just fill out a form and pay a fee. Their whole mission is to simplify governance. Tap a button, you're a resident or tap a button. Now you have a business. I flew to the island of Roatan where Prosper is located, the island's absolutely beautiful and home to the second largest barrier reef in the world, so it's already a big destination for tourists. When you approach Prospera, there's a fork in the road.

(3m 47s):
If you go right towards the city, there are armed guards in black combat fatigues manning the gates, but if you go to the left, you arrive at this poor fishing village called crawfish rock. The village village's. Sagging houses are a stark contrast to Prospera where corporate looking guys are running around with laptops in their hands. When I reached prosperous gates, the first thing that happened was that I was required to sign a contract. It asked me to agree to over 4,000 pages of rules. They let me in and then I walked up and it was absolutely idyllic.

(4m 30s):
They had these totally manicured grounds. It was this clean tropical paradise right on the Caribbean sea. And then I met Jorge, who's essentially the mayor of the town, very nice young, clean cut guy. We went on a tour of the town into the top of a tower where you could look out on the construction projects. I immediately noticed that everything's new, built from scratch, an office complex, a residential tower, a high-tech factory. However, there was a big underlying problem to everything I saw so big that it's put all of Prospera in limbo.

(5m 14s):
Honduras's president, a socialist, ran on a platform in 2021 promising to repeal the constitutional amendment that allows prosper to even exist and prosper countered with that lawsuit against Honduras for $11 billion, an amount that would almost bankrupt the variation in which it's built on. The one side of this fight is a private city that wants nothing to do with Hondura government control, and on the other, the government that wants it gone. And so here's my story read by Frankie Corzo. Our producer is Jack Dero and our music was written by Aaron Esposito.

(6m 5s):
Jorge Colindres, a freshly cologned and shaven lawyer handed me a hard hat to take the elevator to the 14th floor of what is now the tallest building on the Endor Island of Roatan. Nearly twice what the local building code allows when construction is complete, Duna residences will house 82 units overlooking a jungle of palm trees, the Caribbean Sea, and several other new buildings that the enduring government considers illegal. If Perra were a normal towns would be considered its mayor His title. here is technical secretary. As we looked out over a clearing in the trees in February, he pointed to the small office complex where he works collecting taxes and managing public finances for the city's 2000 or so physical residents and e residents, many of whom have paid a fee for the option of living in RA or remotely incorporating a business there.

(7m 7s):
Nearby is a manufacturing plant that is slated to build modular houses along the coast designed by Zaha Hadid Architects. About a mile in the other direction are some of the city's businesses, a Bitcoin cafe and education center, a genetics clinic, a scuba shop. A delivery service for food and medical supplies will deploy its drones from this rooftop. There's not much else to see yet, but the Delaware based company that founded this experimental town in 2017 has raised $120 million in investments, including from venture capital funds backed by the Silicon Valley billionaires, Peter Thiel, Sam Altman and Mark Andreessen to transform the territory about twice the size of Monaco into the most developed startup city in the world, built in a semi-autonomous jurisdiction known as a city, a Spanish acronym for Zone for Employment and Economic.

(8m 6s):
Development RA is a private for profit city with its own government that courts foreign investors through low taxes and light regulation. Businesses can choose a regulatory framework from a menu of 36 countries or customize their own. A California company offers a Montessori education for approximately 60 students. Security is provided by a private firm of armed guards, an arbitration center staffed by three retired Arizona judges handles dispute resolution in order to enter the jurisdiction. I was told I needed to sign an agreement of coexistence, binding myself to 4,202 pages of rules, violations of which would be subject to the jurisdictional authority of the arbitration center has become particularly well known for the zone's experimental medical facilities which run clinical trials unburdened by FDA standards.

(9m 5s):
The week of my visit, Patrick Friedman, grandson of the economist, Milton Friedman, and the founder of a startup cities fund that invested in Prosa had a chip with his Tesla key implanted into his hand. On a previous trip, he brushed his teeth with genetically modified bacteria purported to prevent cavities. Another time he was injected with a protein booster intended to make him stronger and faster as he put it at a conference in through that weekend. I can tell you when Prospera became most real for me, Friedman told the audience when I sat down to fill out my informed consent forms that said like this agreement is adjudicated under the laws of the prospera.

(9m 49s):
Any disputes are arbitrated by the Prospera arbitration Center like you are under a different set of laws. There are more than 5,400 of these special economic zones in the world ranging on a spectrum from free ports for duty free trading all the way to the special administrative region of Hong Kong. About 1000 zones have cropped up in just the past decade, including dozens of startup cities, sometimes called charter cities, most of them in developing nations like Zambia and the Philippines. Some have actually grown into major urban centers like Shenzhen, which went from a fishing village to one of China's largest cities with a GDP of $482 billion after it was designated a special economic zone in 1980.

(10m 42s):
Each zone offers a degree of escape from government oversight and taxation. A prospect that has excited libertarian and narco capitalist thinkers at least since Ayn Rand imagined a free market utopia called Galt Gulch in Atlas shrugged today escalating clashes between the government and big tech like the SEC's regulatory war on crypto or the federal aviation administration's. Repeated investigations into SpaceX have spurred some Silicon Valley entrepreneurs to seek increasingly splintered off hubs of sovereignty and with government dysfunction preventing reforms even in wealthy cities like San Francisco, locked in a decades long affordable housing crisis and New York City, which just lost out on as much as $1 billion when Albany scrapped a 17 years in the making congestion pricing plan that would have funded public transit.

(11m 39s):
It's not hard to see the appeal of starting from scratch in promotional materials, but markets itself to 21st century pioneers craving not just laissez-faire policies, but also good times and Caribbean vibes. Direct flights from Miami and Houston can transport these digital nomads to Ruan in less than three hours. Then from a CHAS long on the beach, they can register a business with the tap of a button. Although only one residential building has been built so far, A forthcoming eco condo was during my visit courting buyers seeking more personal freedom and less political drama.

(12m 21s):
RA's original investment plan projected that by 2030 the city would be home to 38,000 residents and that foreign direct investment in the country would top $500 million by next year. But plenty of other people find RA's goal building the future of human governance privately run, and for-profit unsettling. Critics have described it as a neo colonial state within a state or an example of corporate monarchy where yacht owning CEOs exploit land and labor in a poor country. Keller Easterling, the urbanist and architectural theorist considers RA a city in name only akin to say Mattress City.

(13m 8s):
Really? She says The zones are low tax deregulated marketplaces. As we peered over the edge of the tower's rooftop, I considered the story of a subcontractor who was working at the apartment tower at night. Two months earlier, the power had gone out and he walked to the edge of the floor to yell down to his crew to turn on a generator, but took a step too far and fell to his death. If companies choose their own regulatory frameworks as they do in who holds them accountable, if they endanger or harm, one of their employees has its own set of labor systems said when I asked him about it later, he told me the worker's family was compensated appropriately receiving at least as much as was required under Honduran law, but he declined to disclose details If an independent investigation took place.

(14m 8s):
Its findings have not been released to the public after all. The point of a place like Prospera is that there isn't really a public to speak of. This. Lack of transparency is one common criticism of prospera and today it's unclear whether this experiment can continue. In recent years, vehement opposition from the enduring government and neighboring communities has imperiled prosper's future. Now its fate and that of the private cities movement writ large hangs in the balance of a high stakes case before an international tribunal.

(14m 49s):
There are about three dozen charter cities currently operating in the world according to an estimate from the Adrian Noble Group, an advisory firm that concentrates on special economic zones. Several others are under development, including the East Solano Plan, run by a real estate corporation that has spent the last seven years buying up $900 million of ranch land in the Bay Area to build a privatized alternative to San Francisco. Praxis, a forthcoming crypto state on the Mediterranean and the Free Republic of Liberland, a three square mile stretch of unclaimed floodplain between Serbia and Croatia.

(15m 31s):
Many of the same ideologically aligned names, Balaji Vasan, Peter Thiel, mark Andreessen Friedman recur as financial backers. Patrick Schumacher, principal of Saha Hadid Architects and a critic of public housing is behind several of their urban or me universal designs. Rinni Vasan, the former Coinbase chief technology officer, and now an advisor to promos, capital Friedman's Fund to build Startup Cities argued in his 2022 book The Network state that these new business friendly hubs would soon compete with nation states and one day replace them.

(16m 14s):
The network state was inspired, he said, by the state of Israel. That country was started by a book he tweeted in 2022. Referring to Theodore Herzl's 1896 manifesto, the Jewish state, you can found a tribe, Srin Vasin said on a podcast. What I'm really calling for is something like tech Zionism. When a community forms online and then gathers in physical space to form a reverse diaspora, the concept might have stayed on the fringes of libertarian and neoreactionary forums had Paul Romer who would go on to be the chief economist of the World Bank and win the Nobel Prize, not made charter cities the subject of an influential 2009 Ted Talk.

(17m 0s):
He projected a photo of students in an African country doing their homework under streetlights, explaining that their government required the electric company to provide power at such low prices that the company decided not to service the homes in their area at all. When the president tried to reform the system, he went on. Consumers and business leaders pushed back and ultimately nothing changed. Romer argued that charter cities would give developing countries a chance to prosper by seeding uninhabited territory to wealthier nations. To develop this ruling country would act as a guarantor to the host country and write its own laws and regulations which would attract private companies to invest and build the cities.

(17m 47s):
In turn, jobs, technology and educational opportunities would pour into the host country, which would share in the revenue too. Locals would stop leaving for richer countries. Migrants would come to the zone. A virtuous cycle would take hold and students wouldn't need to do their homework in the streets. The city can be built. Romer said on his talk, and we can scale this model. We can go do it over and over again. Around the same time that Romer was delivering his Ted talk, Honduran soldiers stormed the home of the country's left wing President Manuel Zelaya. They let him outside at gunpoint still in his pajamas and put him on a plane to Costa Rica.

(18m 32s):
Zelaya had been planning to hold a public referendum on reforming the constitution, which his critics saw as an attempt to illegally extend term limits. Shortly after the coup, the military held another election. It put into office the conservative candidate, Borio Lobo, who lost the previous contest to Zelaya. Several nations including the United States, questioned the legitimacy of an election staged by leaders of the coup. President Lobo's chief of staff, the Harvard educated lawyer, octavo Sanchez, saw Romer's Ted talk and thought it was just what Honduras needed to achieve economic prosperity.

(19m 13s):
Sanchez arranged a meeting in Miami among Romer Lobo and the president of Congress, Juan Orlando Hernandez. Lobo told Romer that to do something as significant as he proposed to create a zone that would replace Honduran laws with those of a wealthier nation, they'd need to amend the constitution. Romer visited Depa soon after Honduras, a country where over half the population lived in poverty and 75,000 people left each year for better opportunities in the United States was an ideal testing ground for his vision. When Romer returned home, he recorded a follow-up Ted Talk titled The World's First Charter City.

(20m 1s):
A tumultuous three years followed Romer and the oversight board he helped set up were sidelined and the Honduran Supreme Court initially rejected the constitutional amendment, but Congress led by Hernandez dismissed the four opposing judges in what some critics called a technical coup. Hernandez who succeeded Lobo as president of Honduras, continued to have a career marred by corruption and was recently sentenced to 45 years in a United States federal prison for drug trafficking. In 2013, Honduras amended its constitution to allow for the creation of autonomous zones following China and the United Arab Emirates.

(20m 55s):
This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency, break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today, tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.

(21m 24s):
Support For this podcast comes from Vin Grid. Tom Turnal runs an Ohio millwork company that was started by his father and employs his kids. I'm in favor of wind farms because I'm committed to attracting talent to our community and the school districts with wind turbines get resources that can make a huge difference in kids' lives. Since 2012, an OV grid wind farm has strengthened the economy and contributes millions to the community each year. To learn more about where energy meets humanity, visit avangrid.com. That's alvan grid.com.

(21m 57s):
I met Corres outside his office on a Wellness Wednesday. Catering staff had set out fruit and granola bars on the counter of an open air cafeteria at the city's headquarters, a small complex of three interconnected buildings on a manicured tropical lawn. A guard in black combat fatigues with a double barrelled rifle paced near a porch swing res who is 31 peeled an orange. As he began to tell me about his family's history in Honduras, one of his grandfathers fought in the Endor and armed forces against communism During the Cold War. Later, his uncle, the president of the Chamber of Commerce was taken hostage by communist gorillas.

(22m 41s):
Re's hero is the family's capitalist success story. His great-grandfather, Constantino Marinakis, who immigrated from Greece after World War I and built a fortune in part by opening grocery stores during the country's banana boom in the early 20th century. In the late 18 hundreds, Honduras owed immense debt to Britain and began offering land and financial incentives to attract foreign investment. Eventually, US banana companies like ML and United Fruit. Now Chiquita built railroads, ported infrastructure, and other projects in exchange for land. By the beginning of World War IO Henry had named the country the original Banana Republic.

(23m 27s):
The six largest banana companies owned more than a million acres of fertile land on Honduras's northern coast, and in 19 11, 1 orchestrated a coup to install a puppet government Where many see a story about exploitation. Res describes one of private sector productivity. As workers migrated to the coasts to work, the plantations grew into small cities with their own housing, schools, hospitals, and stores. Back then, there was very poor infrastructure, and so when the banana companies came, everything had to be done. Re said, no roads, no electricity, all of what we consider public infrastructure in Honduras.

(24m 11s):
It was put in by the private sector Re's political views started hardening as a teenager living through the coup of 2009. He went to law school and came to the conclusion that he'd have to leave Honduras for the United States if he wanted to have a fulfilling career. But then came news that the SE constitutional amendment had passed. Honduran law preserved national authority over a few fields like criminal law, but granted the zone's broad freedom to establish their own courts, fiscal policies and labor and environmental protections. In 2014, as required by the amendment, Juano Hernandez appointed a group to oversee the cities.

(24m 55s):
Early members included a granddaughter of the final Austrian emperor and a band of Republicans from the US that included the former Reagan speech writer, mark Klugman, the anti-tax activist, Grover Norquist, the former Reagan aid, faith Whittlesey, the Libertarian economist, mark s Gouson, and Ronald Reagan's son, Michael Reagan. A couple of years later, Honduran lawmakers heard about an Arizona entrepreneur named Eric Breman, who was lobbying Washington to make creative use of the US Constitution's compact clause to pass a bill establishing low regulation prosperity zones.

(25m 36s):
Breman was having a hard time implementing his vision in the states, so took the Hondurans up on their offer to develop a zone like the one Romer imagined, but run by a private company rather than by another nation. Breman, who grew up in a wealthy family in Venezuela until he moved to the United States. At 12, met Gabriel Delgado, a Guatemalan entrepreneur who had already identified a couple of pots of land in Ratan as potential sites. In 2017, they decided to work together with Bremen acting as chief executive and Delgado heading up fundraising and real estate development. They secured early investments from Friedman's, promos, capital, and an unnamed investor behind SpaceX.

(26m 23s):
But their success in establishing the first SE they said is due in part to keeping their ideological beliefs quiet. Instead of saying, we are trying to create a libert topia. Breman told the Libertarian Magazine reason In 2021, we shifted the conversation away from advancing a political ideology toward yes liberty, but as a tool to development. After a brainstorming session, Breman came up with a name that might accomplish that. Honduras Prospera, Inc. When Res heard the news that the project had broken ground, he reached out to Breman, who expressed interest in his 2019 paper, make Honduras great Charter Cities as a development program.

(27m 10s):
He said, I also want to make Honduras great. Es were called. He promised Breman his support. Let me bring all my contacts and all my clients and everybody to join. He told him and then that's what I did. Prospera has now incorporated 222 businesses into the including an outsourced staffing agency and scores of experimental medical centers. Many circle founded by two young biohackers offers a product that they say might cure Alzheimer's and suppress all tumors. Symbion Labs manufactures implants that turn people into self-sovereign cyborgs.

(27m 53s):
The Bay Island's Fitness and Transformation Center offers affordable semi glut tide injections, and the global alliance for regenerative medicine provides stem cell treatments. A man sitting next to me on my flight from Huan showed me severe burns on his arms that he'd come to treat at the clinic while I was visiting a pop-up city called Vital, used a dome at had erected on Raz grounds to host events for biotech innovators who want to make death optional. Much of the activity at RA takes place, not in the area where the Duna Tower stands and res works, but a 15 minute drive away at Pristine Bay, a green gated golf community and beach club starting in 2021 began incorporating parts of the resort into the zone down by the tennis courts.

(28m 47s):
I saw vital as a white tented dome. Though organizers did not allow me to attend any of its events. Reason wouldn't grant me access to a conference. It was hosting at the hotel either. So I hung out by the pool and down the street at Amity Age Academy, an old restaurant that a Slovakian math tutor had turned into a Bitcoin education center and cafe. That's where I met SEL Ramos at the time, Amity age's 25-year-old lead educator next to a bookshelf stocked with a Ludwig von MEUs bureaucracy, Ayn Rand's Capitalism, and Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life.

(29m 27s):
I bought a coffee. The barista let me pay with fiat paper money on a one-time basis, and then Ramos took me on a tour. On the walls downstairs hung a Bitcoin mining machine, a portrait of Guy Fox has tried a bucking green stallion and a map of roatan with colored squares of paper, marking the dozens of businesses that now accept Bitcoin, largely thanks to Ramos's door-to-door persistence. Ramos told me she couldn't wait to move to ra, probably to the Duna Tower. Then she'd apply for physical residency giving her the right to vote for say the leadership one vote for every square meter of land she owned under the current rules.

(30m 11s):
For now, very few people actually live full-time in the city, which is a checkerboard of territory across both the island and the mainland. It started out with 58 acres in Roatan, but since said territory doesn't need to be contiguous. It has added 385 acres in Las Seba on the mainland, followed by another 239 acres of Rohan's, port Royal, and then 322 acres of Pristine Bay. Just how much land the plans to absorb is the source of much of the conflict that now vexes the project. Early promotional images sparked outrage for depicting the north coast of the island dotted with skyscrapers, futuristic houses and yacht filled ports rather than the wooden shacks and jungle that exist there.

(31m 3s):
Now, one image that forecast the growth of prospera from a village to a town to a city made it look as if the project had started engulfing the areas around it. Ricardo Gonzalez, a legal consultant for Honduras Prospera, Inc. It was taken literally by the people who lived in those areas. He says, but it shouldn't have been. Everything is voluntary. We cannot just pick up your land and say, now it's part of us. But it is also true that the se de law allows the Honduran government to compel landowners to sell to a zone so long as they are paid fair market value for the property.

(31m 44s):
Bremen insists that RA would never take advantage of that provision because it violates the sanctity of private property rights and that the company has self-imposed the highest possible limitations on this in its charter. Nevertheless, the provision's existence set in motion a spectacular series of events as RA began incorporating land.

(32m 16s):
Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists put people at the heart of everything they create. Like Kunle, a Comcast engineer who began to approach work differently after becoming a father with two teenage boys at home, Kunle thinks about the generation that he is building technology for. This continues to inspire him and his team to build a fast and reliable in-home wifi solution for millions of families like his. So everyone can work, learn and play together under one roof. Learn more@comcastcorporation.com.

(32m 47s):
With Instacart, you can get all your holiday essentials delivered in as fast as 30 minutes. Whether it's the white elephant gift everyone will wanna steal or the secret ingredient that makes great Grandma Joe's cookie recipe so great. Just download the Instacart app to find recipes, shop ingredients, and whip up dishes. So delicious. Your aunts and uncles will forget to ask about your love life. Enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.

(33m 14s):
The Duna Tower stands next to a fork in the road with one path leading to the RA gate manned by guards carrying guns and contracts and the other winding down a dirt path to a small fishing village called Crawfish Rock Pro Ratan, thanks to its thriving tourism industry generates more money than many parts of Honduras, but crawfish rock home to a black English speaking community. Roan is a former British colony, is an exception. Turquoise and peach houses saag and lean on stilts their roofs, patchworks of corrugated metal scraps. According to Vanessa Garena, vice president of Crawfish Rocks or Community Board, it was 2019 when the first AL representatives came to the community informing them of plans to develop a nearby resort.

(34m 9s):
It's quite normal for us to have this kind of restricted gated community popping up. Garena said the island is full of them. They also wanted to do community development. They told her and offered small business loans to crawfish rock residents. But then odd things started to happen. Garena said, RA stationed to arm guards on the road. Then Bremen tried to form a new that said was stacked with RA employees. A representative disputed this. In 2020, Garena received a voice message from someone in the community that said, this project is not a normal project.

(34m 55s):
So she and Lisa Connor, the president of the began to research prospera. They learned about the SE law and about the involuntary sale of land. By no means did they explain to us what a sere was. Connor says they came as a normal resort they were going to build next to the community. A representative disputed this saying, the company held multiple town halls describing the project to residents, distrust spread among members of the community who felt they had been lied to about RA's intentions. In September, 2020, breman tried to address the conflict by organizing a meeting in crawfish rock.

(35m 37s):
Connor wrote a letter asking him to postpone it because Covid was spreading rapidly on the island and the hospitals there were full Breman who says he was invited by village. Elders held the meeting that evening anyway, accompanied by guards. He stood on a second story porch reading into a microphone, the parts of the SE law pertaining to land exp appropriation. That's when all hell broke loose. Ena said people rushed up the steps, some shouting that he should leave others to let him speak. Shoves were exchanged and Bremen's MacBook tumbled off the railing. He yelled at people to back up and stop violating his right to social distance trucks of police officers arrived.

(36m 24s):
Breman later said that before he was interrupted, he was trying to point out the ways the law restricts rather than promotes the forced sale of land. But a video of the encounter circulated throughout Honduran media and the fear of expropriation became a galvanizing message used by antisa groups on the mainland and the other Bay Islands. From that point on, the narrative changed from se there are bad because they are violating constitutional rights. Gonzalez says to the more forceful Sids are bad because they are going to take your land. A national protest movement was born and prominent politicians turned against the project.

(37m 6s):
In 2021 si astro the wife of the ousted President Zelaya made repealing to say this essential promise of her election campaign. The zones became associated with the corruption of Juan Orlando Hernandez, the president at the time whom many Honduras now revile Castro won with a clear majority. In 2022, Honduras's Congress unanimously repealed the law and passed a constitutional reform that would abolish the three existing sadists. Never again will we carry the stereotype of the Banana Republic Gastro declared to the UN General Assembly a few months later.

(37m 48s):
There was one problem, however, Congress mired in competing legislative priorities failed to ratify the reform. Furthermore, the original law guaranteed the company's 50 years of legal stability. No matter what changes were made after a zone was founded. The net result is that Prospera is in a state of legal limbo. Delgado seemed bewildered by the staunch opposition to Prospera. How had his dream to enrich Central America become a political pinata? We're not crooks. He told me.

(38m 29s):
Were just guys trying to get something good done. He said he was inspired to help found Prospera after reading Machiavelli's writings on the impossibility of reforming a system from within. The idea is that if you go to a place where nothing, nobody has a stake, there's no entrenched interests, you can make really deep reforms that won't affect any of the players. He said years of dysfunction and corruption would be replaced by radically simple governance. A free market and political stability would attract top innovators and investors from the West while empowering Latin America's legions of micro entrepreneurs.

(39m 10s):
The guise on the side of the road selling oranges or a chicken leg in a bag, Delgado said to grow real businesses, but in seeking to sidestep politics, Prospera instead ran straight into them. The endemic corruption in Honduras, the sort of thing Prospera was supposed to combat was also what enabled its creation and has plagued its pursuit of legitimacy. For Hondurans, the prospect of American capitalists promising prosperity may instead resurrect fears of exploitation and dispossession. Despite RA's fantasy of exit. It uses roads, hospitals, and ports built by the municipal government and it shares an economy and ecosystem with its neighbors in crawfish rock.

(39m 60s):
The national government that granted its right to exist, meanwhile may still take it away. In 2022, the government began stripping RA of some of the special privileges it was granted under its predecessors. It halted the company's tax exempt custom service, allowing the zone to continue to import goods only if it paid the same duties as the rest of Honduras. Corres said that the National Banking and Insurance Commission also pressured Honduran banks to shut down accounts of prospera businesses and bar lenders from financing its projects. Duna residences, for example, was going to be financed by one of the biggest banks of Honduras resend.

(40m 44s):
But once President Castro came to power, the financing evaporated and the building was delayed. The third tower would already be under construction if they hadn't done that. At the end of 2022, Honduras Inc and its affiliates filed an astronomical 10 point $775 billion lawsuit against the state. In a World Bank tribunal called the International Center for Settlement of Investment Disputes, SEN is thought to have a good chance of prevailing. In part, critics say because the court is biased toward corporations which can bring suit against nation states but cannot be sued by them.

(41m 28s):
A win for Prospera could demonstrate sufficient legal stability to attract investors and set the precedent for new cities around the world. If it loses startup city, founders will need to look for new legal strategies. RE said that his mission now is to try to persuade the government, whether this government or the next government to stop harassing the banks and let them finance prospera projects. That could be the government of Juan Orlando, Hernandez's wife, Anna Garcia de Hernandez, who would soon announce her candidacy for the 2025 presidential election With building delayed. The view from the Duna Towers rooftop looked like little more than a construction zone, a patch of dirt littered with piles of two by fours and wooden pallets.

(42m 17s):
There were as many sheds as finished buildings. Still some think RA may already be too far along to fail. There is simply too much capital already invested. Too many commitments made to have them torn apart in the, the government is making emotional arguments more than anything else. Gonzalez told me if they had the legal right to do what they're trying to accomplish, they'd have already done it.

(43m 2s):
This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfclz.org.