
This podcast is supported by Instagram today. Teens can download any app from app stores, even ones parents don't want them to. Congress can change that by putting parents in charge of teen app downloads. That's why Instagram supports federal legislation requiring app store parental approval and age verification for teens under 16. Three outta four. Parents agree they should approve teen app downloads because giving parents control helps keep teens safe online. Learn more at instagram.com/parental approval


From The New York Times, This is The Interview. I'm m David Marca. Pretty much whenever I watch a buzzy new standup comedy special, at some point I end up having to scramble for the remote control to hit the mute button because one of my kids is wandered into the room. The material's just too blue for their precious little ears. When I was watching Nate Parkey's latest special though, my 10-year-old walked in, I grabbed the remote and then I realized I didn't have to do anything because the next joke he told with my daughter in the room was about drinking chocolate milk. If Standups today often catch fire by being seen as transgressive and dangerous saying the things others won't say about subjects others won't talk about in language others won't use, then Bargey has captured the zeitgeist in a friendlier way.


He's low key and clean, and his comedy traffic's in highly relatable stories about the foibles of family life. His confusion with modern living and his own lack of smarts. It's an approach that apparently works. His was the highest grossing comedy tour of 2024. He's also found a new audience through a couple of recent and widely praised turns hosting Saturday Night Live. And now he's branching out to a new area with his upcoming book, the Self Deprecatingly titled Big Dumb Eyes Stories From a Simpler Mind, that kind of aw shucks attitude is a trademark of his. But as I learned, it's actually masking some surprisingly bold ambition. Here's my interview with Nate Parkett.


It is interesting reading articles about you over the last couple years since your career has really taken off and you hit a new level. And the writers of those articles always try and explain why you've gotten so big. But what's your hunch about why you have gotten to the place you've gotten to over the last couple years? Like why you, Oh, well I always wonder why you, you know, I mean, I think you're just talking about relatable things and you're talking about, I think authenticity. Not that I'm going out for authenticity, but you're in a world now where entertainment is, I think there is no authenticity. You know, it's like you have the wickeds and you have these Avenger movies and you have all this stuff that's great, but there's not like a regular person like on a screen anymore.


And where the movies used to kind of be like that, where you would see plane trains and automobiles and home alone and you would have someone be like, all right, that's a guy that's a regular guy in this movie that you enjoy watching. You know, it's like easier to watch and it's just easier to take in and you just want to be entertained and you don't always want to be thought provoked. And that's something that I've always tried to stay clear of because I realize like, you know, I need to, I'm trying to sell you something. I'm selling you entertainment, so I need you to be able to come and trust that you're gonna get the entertainment that I am showing you that I'm selling you. You said I'm selling something, which is an interesting thing to hear because obviously that's true and obviously that's true for just about everyone in the entertainment business, but usually in my experience people aren't so explicit in saying that.


Why do you think there is hesitation on the part of some entertainers to say like, Hey, I, I'm selling something. I don't know. 'cause I think there's got this weird, I mean it's just, I think kind of in life in general, it's got this self-importance. You know, I, I have a platform so I need to say something on this platform and I'm kind of anti platform. I don't need to use this platform to tell you what to do. You know, if I go want to give you my opinion and like tell you how what I think and all this, I also think that's a lot about me is what I think. And when I go on stage, I try to remind myself this is, it's not about me. It has nothing to do with me if it's, if it becomes about me, it's too much.


I can't handle it. But if I can make it for other people and now I'm just kind of an employee and I'm working and so I'm just making stuff for people. And so it's not about my self-importance or any of that stuff. It just doesn't matter. You don't need me to do that. Help me understand the distinction you're making when you say, you know, I don't want it to be all about me because your material, it is largely about you. Well, it's about me and the fact that I'm, yes, I'm talking about myself and I'm making fun of myself. But the materials written for you. I mean I, I just got a message today about a lady that's like, she doesn't like flying and I get like messages like this all the time. And so she's like, I listen to you and you've helped me fly.


Because it's like just, I don't know, it's like takes her mind off of it or whatever. It's the way you watch a show that's comforting. So anytime I think I want to go do something else, it's like I think about the her and go, well that's not fair to her. I'm not doing it to make myself look good or look better or do this kind of stuff. I'm doing it to make you laugh. I always say, you can laugh with me or at me so it doesn't matter. You relate to it or you think I'm an idiot either way, I'm here to entertain you. When you were starting out, did you feel any sort of peer pressure from other comedians to perform differently or tell different kinds of jokes? Because you know, you work clean, you know, your stuff isn't really political in nature at all, is a lot of family jokes, which I could imagine if you're, you know, a 28-year-old guy working comedy clubs in New York City, there's maybe not a ton of your peers are doing that kind of material.


Yeah, I think it was, you know, I would do a lot of shows starting out. It'd be midnight, it'd be a show called Uncensored Comedy. And you know, and I, I mean these are, some of my friends are like very dirty. Yeah, most comics I'm around were the complete opposite of everything that I did. I had to learn how to do what I was doing in those rooms, but I didn't want you to notice that I was clean. So I think that is something that helped me into the fact that if I can go up and make you laugh and make this crowd laugh, I'm 28 years old in New York City doing a show. It's one in the morning, these people are drunk and then I'm doing it. How can I do this material that's not doing sexual jokes or whatever everybody else was kind of doing.


And so you learn how to try to hide it because I think If you walked up and said, I'm clean, it's gonna be like, well this guy's not cool and this guy's not this and that. And, but I think it, I look back at now, I think it, you know, it was like I was reliable for late night sets because I was clean foul and like me. And so it was like an easy one to go do and rely on. 'cause you know, I'm not gonna say I'm not, I'm, I'm not having to like change my act for television. Your family is the source of a lot of your material. Yes. You know. And your wife in particular, and I did wonder, does she have to vet the jokes that you tell about her? Like if you're coming up with a joke based on something she's done that annoys you say, or that you found strange, do you then go to her and say like, Hey, I'm working on this joke.


Are you okay with that? Yeah, I'll tell her yes. I mean there's a couple times I'll go try it first to make sure I even want to, because if it's not gonna work, then maybe there is no reason for me to bring it up to her. So, but then if it works, you're even in more of a bind. But if It works then I go and I can figure out how to say it. And I always try to make fun of myself too in it. When I first started I would do jokes about my wife and I could tell that the audience, if they don't know you and If you don't show love then they're not gonna go with you. So If you show that aspect of it, then you can get away with quite a bit. You know, with my daughter, I'm very sensitive to try to, I haven't talked about her a ton outside when she was a baby.


'cause I didn't want her to, I want her to be her own person. I want her to be able to trust that she can come to me as her father, which is the most important thing, and say stuff to me and not think anything she says, I'm gonna go tell the whole world. Ah. So it's splitting that balance to be like I, you know, wanna be very protective of that for my wife, for my family, for any of them to know that, you know, I'm not just using all of them to gather material. Your dad was a comedian and a clown. Yeah. When you were growing up, do you and he have any competitive feelings about comedy?


He did. So he was a clown at the beginning and then he did magic. He's a magician and I mean, he'll tell me like jokes and stuff and say, well you didn't say this and say that. So I can talk to him about comedy and all this. But yeah, competitive. I mean, he comes out on the road with me and he's done a hundred and something shows with me in arenas and it's, I I would say competitive. I mean it's, it's like different. I mean when he came up he would, you know, they had three kids and he had had a day job and he did all this stuff. He could have moved to Vegas and when we were younger and he did, he chose not to. And so we grew up in Nashville and I think grew up with a very normal, I mean as normal as you can with your dad being a magician. But he's very proud and he cries when he brings me on stage.


You know, I ask just because you know, it's not, I don't think it's uncommon for when fathers and sons go into the same or related lines of work for that to sometimes be emotionally complicated. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm sure there is like some commitment to us. I mean there's some, when you go travel, like I love travel with my dad and then there's times where you know, you're like, I always joke to be like it's every little boy's dream travel with your dad when you're 45 years old. So you know, you got a tour bus with A-C-P-A-P machine, you go really living it up And you know, your dad grew up, you know, in pretty different circumstances than you grew up in, you know, sort of had a hard childhood and then your daughter is then growing up in different circumstances than you grew up in.


You know, she's just a lot, I assume a lot more affluent. Do you think about how your daughter understands like how or why her life and her childhood are so different than yours or her grandfather's? I don't know if she gets the extent of that. I think we've done a pretty good job. We moved back to Asheville. We live in a cul-de-sac. We're not around a big crazy neighborhood where it's, you know, just everybody's famous or wealthy or whatever. But yeah, but she, I mean she has stuff. The amount of stuff I wasn't allowed to have versus what she has is, it's not even remotely close.


You know, I wore Jordan's shoes and, but we got some from Dollar General and they just kind of looked like Jordan's shoes. I would get all this stuff, the Super Bowl team that lost, I'd be wearing all that stuff. Right. Lot of Buffalo Bills gear. Yeah. According to my family, the bills one four in a row. You have been doing this a long time, but it's probably in the last six or seven years where you sort of changed actually how you look. Yes. You know, you got a different haircut, you grew the beard to mustache, started dressing a little cooler. You probably, I think maybe you lost some weight. Yeah. Did the, the impetus to do that come from you?


Or did a manager or agent say like, Hey, If you wanna get to the next level, we might want to think about making some changes. Yeah, kids show business showed up and goes, Hey Fatso, If you wanna make it, you better get, you better get your life together. No, it, I mean it was, it, it's both. It's a mix of, and no one told me to do anything. I mean, as a comic, weirdly enough, you're you and you're talking about yourself, so you are gonna be you. But I wanted to do it too. And I'm going through it right now. I mean, I, you know, I, I do not have great eating habits and when I grew up we just ate. 'cause you had to eat, food was never celebrated or food was just something you had to do.


And so I eat a lot of fast food and a lot of chain food and I get bad and on the road and I do realize it can get in the way though to that. I realize that I stopped drinking in like 2018. 'cause I knew if I wanted to get where I wanted to get as a comic, this was gonna be in the way. And so I've realized that with food too. If I wanted to do this thing, I wanted do standup at this high level, probably should make some movies, all this kinda stuff, even for myself, I realized, alright, well I have to go put in the effort for me to be able to handle all this kind of touring and, and the mentality it takes to stay focused. It's just interesting to hear you say that because you don't think of the, you know, the image that pops into the mind when one thinks of a comedian is not like a super fit guy.


I always say, I just, I'm looking forward to the day you can't see my nipples through my shirt. So that's it. That's all we're working towards. And one day we're gonna get there. I know you're working on a new hour of material. Can you share a joke or a section of it that you're feeling good about? The thing about nothing to do? That's one that I'm working on. You know, that there's nothing to do. So the joke I do is bowling still around because, 'cause that's how, If you and your wife and your family is like, let's go do something, you go out to eat and go see a movie and you get to bowling a lot quicker than you, you probably should be, you know, it's 2025. So we have ai, we should, I feel like bowling is a caveman sport that should have faded out.


But that's how little there is to do that. It's still hanging around, You know, we're talking ahead of the publication of your book. Big Dumb Eyes. And you know, you joke in the book about not being much of a reader, you know, the way you've put it, you know, books, they just have too many words. And to help readers, you know, you threw in some blank pages in your own book Yes. For people to keep their head above water. But now that you've written a book, are you feeling any differently about books? I did think I thought of it last night as I was watching something, like on tv I'm like, I, I was like, I think this is when you should be reading like before bed, you know?


I was like, I think that's when people do it. That's why there's reading lights and all that kind of stuff. So I was thinking about getting just a fun book, you know, like what's an easy one? So it's like, let's start with something super fun and then just get into a habit. Do you have a sense of what that book would be? That was, I looked up like the most popular books. It was like Christina Agathy, is that her name? It's like an author. Agatha Christie. Agatha Christie. So I was off backwards. I think I'm dyslexic so that should count as I said it correctly in my head. Wait, that wasn't just a bit Christina Agathy? No, I thought that's what it was.


Sorry, I ride the line. You don't know what's a bit, what's not a bit, you know, that's a, I I'm very protected. No one can really tell what's going on and then I can, you know, depending on who I'm talking to, I can decide if it was dumb or not. And you know, even just the, the title big dumb eyes or you already made some self-deprecating allusions to your own level of intelligence. But, you know, I know, I know that's sort of the persona, but standup, you know, almost by definition, at least from my perspective, really requires intelligence. You know, the comedians can act stupid or tell stupid jokes, but comedy involves crafting the material. It involves observational insights and editing the material.


You need to have some facility with words. Are there aspects of comedic intelligence that do transfer over to day-to-day life? It's being awareness, being aware of just your surroundings and what's going on. 'cause we, you're looking for material, you're looking for things that happens to make a joke about or tell a story about. So you're always very alert. I mean, it's exhausting 'cause it just doesn't feel like it turns off. You know, you analyze every interaction you have, you know, like, I like seeing, when I see two people talk and I realize that neither one of 'em really know what they're saying to each other and they're kind of on a different page.


That's very fun to watch. I, Is there an example recently that comes to mind of just something out in the world that you observed and thought, oh, maybe there's material in here for me? I mean, I, one of 'em was my dad and my buddy Nick. No, Vicki, Nick. He's eyesight's bad and he's just kind of won't be paying attention. And then my dad's older and they won't, so I watched them one time have a conversation in a hot tub. And so Nick asked him how he's like, how's everything going? And my aunt was not doing well at the time. So my dad's like, well my, you know, my wife's sister's not doing that well then Nick goes, well that's, you know, it's good to hear 'cause he doesn't hear him, so they won't just acknowledge that neither one of them know what's going on. So they're just having conversations.


And then Nick got out, dried off and threw his towel away in a trash can. 'cause he thought it was a towel bin. So something like that, you can tell no one's really invested in what each other's saying. That's like what I like to watch. You're just on the subject of larger ambitions. Something that I've seen you say in other interviews was, I think you, you mentioned, I don't know If you were being totally serious, but wanting to build something to replace the old Opryland amusement park with Nate Land. Yes. What's missing in, in the amusement park space that you think you could help fill? Well, like, I mean, just talk about the state of Tennessee and Nashville alone.


Nashville is a, is a great city that's booming and there's a lot to do. There's not a lot to do with your family there. So when you have kids and stuff, you can go to Broadway, you can go drink and the bachelor parties and all this and a Titans game. And there is great stuff to do, but there's not a lot of stuff that you can do with your family. What I like about when I people come to my shows is that it's children to grandparents are at these shows. They're able to go do something as a family. I think a lot of entertainment now is not made for the whole family. Even television or movies can be separating in the fact that I'm watching Narcos and my wife watches housewives and there's not a show that we're necessarily watching together.


And so I do think there's a void in that. So I'm just gonna, I I I, you know, I look at stuff to go do with my daughter. I love, when we lived in California, we would go to Disneyland all the time and like, you know, you look at Disney essentially. I would like to be able to build something in that aspect where people can, it's a big one, but you're Not, you're not lacking an ambition that's No, no, I don't care. I mean it's, yeah, I mean, well the ambitions like, I don't know. I've done all this. I'm nobody dude. Like, and it's like I just wanna make stuff that people have somewhere to go to with their whole family and you know, it's easy to watch and it's fun. Maybe this is related, but in the acknowledgements of the book, right at the end of the acknowledgements, you're, you're writing to your fans.


You write that, it might not always seem like it, but I do have a plan and I hope you keep rolling with me. Yeah. What's the plan? The plan is, I mean it's, I'm kinda doing it. It's like the plan is to be, If you found me and you like what I'm doing, and this is, I don't wanna betray that trust. So the plan is just to trust me. You know, I don't plan on touring forever and doing standup forever. I mean, I wanna make movies. I think you get a lot of times that people can think like If you get too big or you're gonna change. I mean, look in the south, I can tell you right now, you can be like, oh, you're Hollywood now or you're this or you're that or you're gonna, audience is very much in my mind with everything that I will make and I will make stuff hopefully for them and with them in mind.


I don't, I'm not doing it again. I try not to do it for me. It's not to get my point across. My point does not matter. It's for you. And so I want 'em to be able to keep coming and see that I'm trying to do something. I think that's a little against the grain right now. And weirdly enough, something being broad is, you know, I, I like when I started comedy, some comics would be like, well I'm not for everybody. And I'd be like, well why would you not wanna be for everybody? I want to be for everybody. After the break, Nate and I talk again and he tells me about his desire to serve a sorely neglected comedy audience.


I have a lot of grandmothers come to my shows and they love me. I do really good with grandmothers and I always love that because I don't think there's much being made that they could go to. Certainly not standup comedy. No, no, no.


This podcast is supported by Instagram today. Teens can download any app from app stores without supervision. That's why Instagram supports federal legislation requiring app store parental approval and age verification for teens under 16. Learn more at instagram.com/parental approval.


Hi there, I'm Chris Wood audio engineer on The Daily. That means that I put the finishing touches on the show, make everything sound a little bit better and hit publish on my computer and that sends the day's episode out into the world. So it's ready before most of our listeners wake up.


So The Daily team makes a show every weekday that can mean late nights and that's when they pass it off to me. Part of the reason that I'm able to do the work with a clear head is that it's not the middle of the night for me. You might have already guessed from my accent, I live in London and with five hours ahead of New York, The Daily is only possible because it involves people all over the world. And that includes the whole fleet of New York Times journalists who give us their expert analysis and in-depth reporting five days a week. So if you're a loyal listener and want to support what we do as well as explore everything that The New York Times has to offer, you can subscribe at ny times.com/subscribe. Cheers.


Hi Nate, how are you David, how are you? I'm good, I'm good. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me again. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I saw a thing Mark Marin wrote earlier this year on his website where he was writing about the importance of, for him of doing political comedy and the way he put it was that like challenging people in real time with provocative material is where the real feels happen. And I'm just curious to know your response to something like that. Is it just that a guy like him and a guy like you are almost working in two separate fields? Yeah, it's just different types of comedy. I went on the road from Mark Marin, I opened for Mark Marin. A lot that I do on stage is stuff I learned from him.


Marin is very much himself on stage and so I always try to mimic that to be how close can I be to me off stage to on stage. I think there's a place for that, for Maren doing it. And you need that. You can have that. You can also have this, I always joke that I'm a comic's parent's comic. I stand behind my standup. I work on it very, very hard. But yeah, you do feel sometimes a little like because I'm clean, like yeah, you can get looked at like, well of course he sells all these tickets, it's easy. Or it's like he's not doing anything challenging. I mean I, I don't know, I kind of disagree with that because it's hard to, you know, mainstream is not something that's easy to attain even with movies, you know what I mean?


Sandler did. That's not easy. That's why there's not 40 Sandlers. I remember you on the Tonight Show 2016 and you did a couple jokes about how you like Donald Trump, but then the joke was basically like because you're so stupid that you, that you believe often. Like it's same promises that he made. Yeah. But then in the same routine you had these jokes but while you wouldn't vote for him in that instance then the joke wound up being because you were essentially too stupid to figure out how to go vote. Yeah. But would you do material even on that level now?


I would now if I felt it. So that was the reason I wrote that joke was because everybody was saying they didn't like Trump every comedian. So all the jokes was saying I didn't like Trump. So then I thought, how can I make a joke that say I do like him and be able to do it on tonight's show where I ride a line. Yeah. Where no one's gonna get mad. I don't want the people voting for Trump to get mad. I don't want the people that are not voting for Trump to get mad. I wanted to say the opposite of what everybody else was saying. So if I have an idea and I can do that, I will do that. I do like that challenge. Are there other topics like that that come to mind where you feel an instinct to go against the herd in that way?


Yeah, I did it with the peanut allergies. I had a joke on about airplanes. Like, you know when they say you can have peanuts, like who are these adults addicted to these peanuts this bad, these kids are gonna die. And so that was one that, you know, there's a lot of people that would make fun of the peanut allergy aspect. And so it's just going the opposite way and just defending the kids that have the peanut allergies and I like riding that line and just when you make it self-centered, it's much easier to ride the line. Alright, help me understand this aspect of you because I was thinking about it and I can't quite wrap my head around it. So you're this seemingly humble lowkey guy who was happy living on a cul-de-sac and doesn't want to go Hollywood.


But then you also alluded to ambitions to build Nate land into, and this is your comparison, like a Disney level production. Yeah. Which is not a normal sized goal even for a famous comedian. So is there like another more aggressive side to you when it comes to business? Help me reconcile the two seemingly disparate sides of Nate Barkett. You know, it is, I've, I'm very driven and you know, I, I mean I don't, when I didn't go to college, barely made outta high school. Like it's like, you know, I don't understand most business stuff, so you kind of just, maybe it's naive.


I'm like, well why can't we do it that way? You know, when everybody's like, you can't, I'm like, well why not? I'm not buying the whole Yoel stick buddy. Yeah, Yeah. I'm good. I'm the, I'm the thinker, the talker like the visionary I guess. And then you, you good at putting people around you that do know all that kind of stuff because I that I don't, I I, I've read a real job so I don't know any of that stuff. What's the last idea you had where you then said to someone you work with like, can we make that happen? So on the arena tour, when I first started going our screens, 'cause you're in an arena, I wanted the screens to be bigger.


I was like, they should be bigger 'cause I want the experience for the audience to be as great as it can be. And I was told they can't be bigger. I was like, well that doesn't make sense. And I'm, I'm fine with being told no, but I just want to know it went through the whole system. I want to be told exactly like the building's not big enough or whatever. And for this next tour we do have bigger screens because I get a lot, I mean I get a lot of people when I say I wanna do a theme park and I've had it with friends where I say I wanna do this. And they're like, why? Why would you, you basically get told you can't do anything because it doesn't make sense for, I guess how I've lived to think that I want to go do all this other stuff.


What would be in the Nate Land theme park? Just rides. Rides, You know, ideally I would want it to be like a universal studios kind of thing where we can be shooting movies on one part and then you have the theme park on the other and kind of just build that. I just wanna build a world where people can be discovered. I think that's a big driving point for me is like when I came up, I think a lot of people would not get outta the way for the next younger people. Like in comedy clubs when you're coming up and you can't get spots at that club because the guys that have been there for 15 years are not moving or going somewhere else. And so I want to like have places for you know, new artists to be able to, I don't know, come do something.


I don't want to be another one of those naysayers, but the universal studios slash theme park, I think you need like a billion dollars to do that. Yeah. Well then look, we got some stuff we gotta get through, you know, I was gonna ask you how much money you have, If you could give it to me. Every, ever since we're asking for everyone doing a Venmo, you need a lot of stuff. I do agree. The one thing I've learned though is in the business, money's not the problem. People have a lot of money. There's a lot of money and money gets used in a lot of different ways and stuff like that. So hopefully we can get there out of, this is not something that is gonna be tomorrow, but I feel like driven to do it.


So you know, we're gonna give it a go. I want to go back to the book In it, you mentioned that your, you know, you were raised Baptist, your parents are Baptist and you write very movingly about how your dad at one point found a deeper level of faith. Yeah. You call it his moment of testimony. Have you had a moment of testimony? Yeah, I mean I feel sometimes I'm having it now. You know, I mean I think that's where the drive and all this stuff is coming from to make sure that you can bring your child to my standup show that I want you to come as a family and you go do stuff. And I think about those moments of, you know, I have with my daughter all these little, little dumb moments of you going to the movies with your family because it's fun to get on, watch your kid, try to talk you into buying candy and popcorn and all these little silly kind of moments that you think back on.


So I think I'm going through it now. I think it's constantly having to work on it, constantly just reminding myself to be out of it and make sure that this life is not about me. So yeah, I mean it's just a constant going on. So I think I follow what you're saying. The idea is that there's almost a deeper motivation or a spiritual impetus for trying to create these moments for families where families can be together and that in some way is your attempt at doing service for God. Is that right? Yeah, it's, it's attempted service to, you know, it's a big belief to be I am second, second to God, second to your family, second to, you know, I believe the audience second to everybody you kinda live to serve.


So it's very much a calling in that aspect that I feel. But again, it's like, it's trying to ride that bounce and I don't want anybody that's not this or that or whatever lay whatever everybody is, that doesn't matter. I just wanna make something that all of them can be in the room together. And I feel it's driven on a bigger purpose for me. But you know, it's like everybody has their own things. I, I sense a little hesitation on your part in wanting to say there's a spiritual motivation behind it. But I Think, well you get ner you are nervous about it, about being labeled. You don't want to be this kind of thing. 'cause stuff gets faith-based or stuff gets like that.


Like people write stuff off or they take it, especially now in very different ways. Yeah. But you know, it's like the moments when you're with your kids and, and your wife or your partner and you're all doing something and just having a joyful time. I'm not a particularly religious person, but those are holy moments. I mean that's where really what it comes from is just, I remember our, our daughter's first movie was Moana and so going to sit and watch it, we sat in the very back and you know, it's like I can't, the whole experience of that day is like, that's something that I remember and that's, you know, that's a dumb day in the grand scheme of things is you're not doing, no one's in school, no one's taking a test, no one's, it's not this crazy important days.


But those, those are the ones that you tend to go back to and remember and so yeah, creating those moments. I always see older, I'll have a lot of grandmothers come to my shows and they love me. I do really good with grandmothers and I always love that because I don't think there's much being made that they could go to. Certainly Not standup comedy. No, no, no. That's the goal. I'm trying to be only grandmothers shows are at 8:30 AM That's the late show. You know, earlier you had mentioned that you don't plan on touring forever or doing standup forever.


Yeah. Do You actually know currently when you'll stop? I do. I could see the next specials will be on Netflix. You know, I could see maybe one more special after that. And I don't wanna overstay my welcome. I also want to get outta the way if I preach it and I was frustrated by it. I need to live by that. And so I do think there's a point I need to get outta the way. I need to step aside and let the next wave of comedians come up. And I don't wanna be just hovering in the spotlight and you know, I got this tour and then maybe one more tour and then just from there just I got movies I want to do and then do that and then start running Nate Land. Wow.


That's, I have to say that's, I feel like that's big news that Nate Bargey knows he's gonna stop in a couple years. Yeah, yeah. We're doing this interview in 10 years and I'm like, you know what? I got back into it. Alright, I got, I'm only doing standup. I don't have a theme park. I have a carnival. I have a carnival that travels. That's all I can make it. It couldn't do a theme park. Still something. There's still some rides. That's Nate Barkett. His book Big Dumb Eyes, will be published on May 6th. This conversation was produced by Seth Kelly. It was edited by Annabel Bacon, mixing by Sonya Herrero.


Original music by Dan Powell, Diane Wong, and Marianne Lozano Photography by Devin Yelkin. Our senior booker is Priya Matthew and Wyatt Orm is our producer. Our executive producer is Allison Benedict. Special thanks to Max Carpenter, Rory Walsh, Renan Belli, Jeffrey Miranda, Maddie Maiello, Jake Silverstein, Paula Schumann, and Sam Dolnick. If you like what you're hearing, follow or subscribe to The Interview. Wherever you get your podcasts to read or listen to any of our conversations, you can always go to ny times.com/ The Interview and you can email us anytime at The Interview at ny times.com.


Next week, guest host Gilbert Cruz, editor of The New York Times book review interviews, author Isabelle ae. I think that my way of getting over things, of understanding, of exploring my own soul, my past and also most important of remembering is writing. I'm m David Marca and This is The Interview from The New York Times.