
This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability Project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency, break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it


From The New York Times This is The Interview. I'm Lulu Garcia Navarro. Whatever happens this election, Democrats are going to be in a moment of transformation. The party has been united in defeating former President Donald Trump. But that focus has masked real fissures on the left. And at the intersection of many of them sits. John Federman, Pennsylvania's junior Democratic senator, gained early political fame as the towering and tattooed mayor of the working class town of Braddock before he was elected Lieutenant Governor of the state in 2018. Four years later, he defeated the Trump endorsed celebrity doctor Memo Oz in a tight Senate race that despite suffering a stroke just months before the election, but Fetterman's time in the Senate has been bumpy.


On the personal front, his stroke has caused him difficulties with auditory processing, which you might hear a bit in our conversation. He uses an iPad and transcription software to help with his listening comprehension. He's also been very public about seeking inpatient treatment for depression early in his term and on the political front, his position in the party has become complicated too. Early on, he branded himself as a progressive champion. He was an advocate of the $15 minimum wage and criminal justice reform, and he was endorsed by Bernie Sanders. But over the past two years, he's clashed with both mainstream and progressive members of his party. He was one of the staunchest advocates of President Biden staying in the race, speaking out against democratic leaders who are trying to get him to drop out.


At the same time, he's been one of the most vocal supporters of Israel's war against Hamas, which has pitted him against progressives, some of whom now feel betrayed by him. We talked about all that and the dynamics of his crucial state in advance of this election where he says, Trump is now stronger than ever. Here's my conversation with Pennsylvania Senator John Fetterman, Senator Fetterman, Before. we get started. Can you explain a little bit of the technology that you use in order to have these kinds of conversations? I, I mean, it's just like your glasses.


If somebody needs those glasses to read something on a page doesn't mean you're illiterate. It just means that you need a tool to, to do that. Or if you need glasses to drive, that doesn't mean you don't know how to drive. It just means that's a tool to allow you to facilitate the process. And this captioning is the same thing. It it just allows me to fully absorb what's being said and allows me to provide a response to make sure that I absolutely know what's been what. You've been very open about your stroke and also about getting treatment for depression early last year. How are you doing with both those things?


Well, fantastic. Yeah. Honestly, the, the only lingering issue after that was just about, you know, using this captioning otherwise that everything else has been, been back to back to even better. One of the things that you've hoped for when you had talked about, especially your grappling with mental health, was that you were wanting to de-stigmatize it. Yeah, I, I, I do be, because at that point I thought that it's, it's an important conversation to have that. And if it's not necessarily for, for yourself or it's probably someone that you know, somebody that you love, someone that you work with or whatever, you know, they have those kinds of issues.


And at that time, I didn't think that it was going to reach so many people or penetrate. And I was actually surprised that, you know, on a near daily dime, people reach out and say, I think, well, actually, I was just at a, an event last night and people said, Hey, you know, thank you for talking about this. You know, it really was helpful for me. And even times some people reach out and saying, Hey, I got help, or, that may have saved their lives. And I, I, I don't take credit for that, but I will say that that's why I'm continuing to, to have that conversation. You've gotten a lot of attention recently for some of your positions since joining the Senate last year.


Not only your story of personal struggle, but also your positions politically and your place in the Democratic Party, which has shifted. Why do you no longer define yourself as a progressive? Well, I haven't done that for years and years, and I wanted to take this opportunity to say that that's, that was never new news. You know, even before my election, even earlier than that, I've been, it's like, hey, the, the, the label leave me. I didn't leave it. It, and what was originally progressive eight years ago, that was $50 an hour that is now pro-Union and legalizing marijuana and just taking the very common sense things.


And that actually had been co-opted by the mainstream, but now, and then it continued to and adopt really extreme kinds of views. And that's why I was like, Hey, I'm just a democrat. And then there was a lot of like, well, is that gonna be the next mansion or cinema or anything? It's like, no, that's ridiculous. I'm not leaving my party. I just to have reasonable views. And I don't know why that's controversial, whether what I've decided to, to platform about my views on Israel or the border or those kinds of issues to, to, to me, that's just reasonable.


And I don't, I'm not offended if somebody else disagrees with me in the party, but I'm incredibly, I guess, disappointed that progressives now are making it more and more about things that are incredibly hurtful to, particularly like the, the Jewish communities and things. You said just now that progressives have adopted extreme positions, which you don't agree with anymore, what, what would you say those are? You know, like, like defund, the police, those kinds of things like that, that was a gift, a huge gift to the Republicans. And they've weaponized that into, in fact, we, you know, Democrats are still getting stick with those kinds of things.


And, and now, you know, just some of these protesting right now, I mean, Columbia, you know, we're all in New York right now and, and a lot of these views, and now they're openly being supportive of Hamas or they're now calling for the, the ADA and these kinds of extreme, absurd things. And they are supporting the kinds of regimes that live and imposes the kind of values that are antithetical to the progressive kinds of way that they would live. I wanna talk about your positions on Israel, but I do sort of wanna stick with first the idea of where you sit in the party. What do you say to progressives who funded your campaigns initially and supported you, and now say that they feel burned by you?


Well, that's, thank gosh, that wasn't loaded. Well, it, it, it's like I, I'm, I don't know why they, they decided to support me and if they, they, they can't follow me because I, I'm very fully supportive of the police or that I'm fully supportive about Israel. And now you choose not to to vote for me. That's, that's a choice that, that you, that you have. But I would find any votes that I've made as a senator that offends or is an athe to being a good, strong Democrat, then I would remind any one of those saying we are, you know, my seat is the only reason why it's mathematically possible that we could even retain the majority in this cycle.


'cause we were the only ones that, that flipped in that cycle. I wanna talk a little bit about your own history and your connection to your state. When did you start having political aspirations? When did you wanna become a politician? It, it's, I i, it's still a point. I don't consider myself a, a politician. Is that true? I know that's not me. That sound, I'm not trying to, to avoid using the, the, the label. I just think I'm an an advocate for, for certain issues or perspectives or things. And that just happens to be, be the, the job that you're, you're in it, it wasn't like a, it wasn't a path or traditional sense, but I don't feel differently behave differently when I was a mayor.


Now that I'm a United States senator, I don't dress differently. I I still live in Braddock. I'm a family guy. I remain a family guy. I, I haven't really changed in as, as a person. It's interesting that you said you don't see yourself as a politician. What does a politician seem to you when you say that in your head? What Is that? Yeah, that, that it's, that it's a track. You know, everybody's constantly looking for the next job and it's, it's incredibly cynical and transactional and now dysfunctional. And I've been disappointed on the reality of that part of it.


And it's just also astonishing. And I can't understand why there's people that are willing to spend tens of millions of their own money to try to, to hold that office. 'cause then you can get there and be like, look at the glamor. You know, I'm sitting in a 500 square feet apartment, you know, and I'm like, I'm on GrubHub. Hey, what do I have? And watching bad TV on Netflix or whatever. And I like to ask all of my colleagues, well, hey, is there like some kind of secret society or like a social life or something glamorous? Like, no. And, and even, you know, Romney, I mean, he's incredibly wealthy and he has a nice house, but I I read that, yeah, he sits on his nice chair and watches Netflix and eats salmon from his friend and actually puts ketchup on it.


Which, which, so I haven't met that one person that's having that quintessential, like, glamorous life. It's, it's been elusive for me, but it's not one that it would even appeal to me. And I think people all think life is like the, the west Wing or something, you know, kind of where it's snappy dialogue and, and it's like, eh, whatever. But a lot of it comes down to just really bad performance art. You know, one of the things that I think has been very distinctive about you is that you dress differently. You use language differently. Is that important to you? Not not changing your demeanor to sort of fit into this idea of this politician that you seem to reject?


Yeah. It, it's, it would be exhausting to be anything other than than that. And let's be prac practical. I, I dress like a bum because it's terrible to try to find clothes. I can't find a suit. I can't, I truly can't afford, like, custom, you know, Taylor suits. So it's, it's really just, it's just practical and it's just like most normal people in Pennsylvania dress like that. And definitely in Western Pennsylvania, people wear shorts through the year. And I do that also. It's, And your legs never get cold. Well, yeah, I, I, I don't, I don't, I I don't.


But again, that a lot of that comes back to it's practical. It's just easier in that sense. I'm not making a statement. I wanna understand a little bit about how you've been navigating some of the currents in the party. And so I'd like to take you back to some of the biggest moments for Democrats in this very insane presidential cycle. After the Biden Trump debate, at a moment when other Democrats were turning on Biden for his cognitive decline, you went up against them in private and in public, and you tweeted that you weren't going to join the Democratic Vultures. Why did you feel so strongly at the time that the party should have stood behind the President?


So I actually didn't see that debate. I was actually flying back from Israel. So I just started seeing some messages about that. But I really thought that what Joe Biden has done for our nation was remarkable. And, you know, I, I live through my own personal, like kind of a crucible of having hundreds of millions of dollars just destroying you, tearing you apart. But he held every line throughout all of that. And, and I just have nothing but have to respect the, the strength there. And, and then it may not be traditional kinds of strength, but it's kinds of quiet, dignity kind of strength.


And a lot of the important things that he's done while he's been a president, he's been an amazing president. And I'm not saying that as a partisan, I think objectively. And people suddenly decided we gotta cut him loose and thrown away and to throw away a man and a 50 year career on a debate. And, and I always believed that he had a path, and it's probably reasonable to think that there may have not had the path that come through Georgia or Arizona, but it is gonna be the blue wall. And here we are now that the blue wall remains to be that, that the, the, the, the quickest way to just put, to put Trump out.


It sounds like you still perhaps regret the fact that Joe Biden is not the candidate. No, no, no. I don't, I don't regret that. He's not that Now Harris has run a, a magnificent campaign through this. Things couldn't have possibly gone any better. Truth, truly, truly. But what I've been saying then is like, I'd like to remind America that this is the only living person that's beat Trump, and that's that, that means a lot. And Harris has run an amazing campaign since then and everything came together, but I've also warned that it's gonna continue being very close.


So you're now fully behind Harris. You've been campaigning for her. She is running almost at a tie in your state. You've said that Trump has a special connection with the people of Pennsylvania. Why, what is it that you, you see, that he appeals to in, in your state? There's a difference between not not understanding, but also acknowledging that it exists. And anybody spends time driving around and you can see the intensity. It's astonishing. I was doing an event in Indiana County, very, very red, and there was a a a, a superstore of Trump stuff, and it was a hundred feet long, and it was dozens of t-shirts and hats and bumper stickers and all kinds.


I mean, it's like, where does this all come from? I mean, it was almost like, like Taylor Swift kind of swag. It's like, of everything. It wasn't just a sign. It's the kinds of thing that has taken on its own life on that. And it, it's like something very special exists there. And that doesn't mean that I admire it. It's just like, it's, it, it's real. And now, and now you have Musk is now adjoining him. I mean, to a lot of people. I mean that's like, hey, that's, that's Tony Stark and that's the world's richest guy. And he's obviously, and undeniably he's a brilliant guy and he's saying, Hey, that's my guy for president.


That's gonna really matter. You, you've alluded to the fact that people see Elon Musk's Iron Man, Tony Stark. What do you see as the union of these two people? Like what, what do you think it does? Yeah, I was alarmed, but I was truly alarmed about that when he started showing up. I mean, I've been there, not at that rally, but when, when they were having the, the AI conference in, in Washington at the, he showed up at my building at Russell, and Senators were like, Ooh, ooh. They were like, you know, like, I, I gotta have two minutes, you know, please, whatever. So, so if senators are all like, you know, like, hmm.


Then can you imagine what, you know, voters in Scranton or all across Pennsylvania be like, you know, in, in some sense he's a bigger star than, than Trump is. And so like, we're in a business, you know, endorsements, they're really not meaningful often. But this one is, I think that has me concerned. I mean, Pennsylvania is a place with a lot of union workers. Did it make you nervous that the Teamsters, for example, didn't back a democrat for president? Well, I, I think that's finally making the, the gra the grassroots already more of official, you know, I, I, I'll never forget, I, I lived directly across the street from the steel mill and we were doing an event there for, for Clinton, and I asked the, the, the union president, I'm like, Hey, where we are on Trump?


And he is like, yeah, probably half or 60%, two, two thirds are voting for him. And I was like, oh, that sucks. And then immediately there was a guy getting off and he had a, a truck and he had truck nuts on it. Do you know what truck nuts are? Do I look like I know what truck nuts Are. Yeah, yeah. It's, it's bald hung on, on the, the hitch of a truck and he honked and he was like, go Trump. As he drove by. And, and it's like, Hey, we're in trouble. And, and it's undeniable. And some unions, like S-E-I-U-I, you know, and, and, and the government kinds of unions are still very, very democratic. But, but those others, you know, I think a lot of their membership for a lot of people, you know, Trump has that kind of a connection.


It's the Cultural stuff, right? Yeah. Very visceral in that sense. Yeah. I mean that's, that's, that's real. And, and I've witnessed that, and that's why I am concerned, and that's why polls were inaccurate. And that's why now I'm saying, we got a fight for every last vote, it's gonna matter. Do you think the polls are inaccurate this time? You know, my, my polls in my race all said I was gonna lose by one or two points, and I carried it by five points. And everybody thought that Clinton was gonna just kill him. And of course, no. And people thought that in 2020, Biden was gonna have like five, five points.


And I'm like, no, this isn't gonna be a five point race here. And it wasn't. And it was incredibly close. And that same thing has been replicated now, and the only thing that's changed is he's more popular even. And hey, you know, you have Elon Musk standing right next to him too. And so I'm not sure what else has changed, except if anything, Trump has become more capable to withstand whatever, you know, whether it was the trials or the assassination or all of those things. But, but here he is. You were outspoken during the 2020 election ballot counting and challenges election officials in Pennsylvania are warning now that the ballots could take days to count.


Is that something you're worried about? Well, that, that, well, I, I, I am very hopeful, and I do think that now four years later, Philadelphia can now process those votes quickly, just like the same thing that Allegheny County has done that. And then now why there is no that huge how many days of like wondering and now that allows people to pound, pound, pound, you know, it's rigged, it's rigged, it's rigged. And that was allowed for people to say, you know, set the stage saying bad things happen in Philadelphia and it's, it's gonna dog we're all about. Yeah. And then that's why that allows it to, to, to stir the shit, the shit storm.


So as long as, if Philadelphia's able to do the kind of quick round, just like Allegheny, then, then I think you'll have a less, a lot less opportunity. And then also, Trump was the sitting president of that time, and now he's just a, a private citizen. So he has a, a, a less ability to change the weather After the break. I asked Senator Fetterman about becoming one of his party's most outspoken supporters of Israel. We can both agree that the misery and the deaths in Gaza is, is terrible. And, you know, some, some people blame Israel.


Well, I, I blame Hamas


Support for this podcast comes from AV Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community, and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents. Ohio Farm and AV Grid Wind Farm pays millions to the community and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money. And I would absolutely do it again. Discover where Energy meets humanity@alvingrid.com.


X trackers by DWS is one of the largest ETF providers globally. You can sharpen your mind with this podcast and you can shape your financial future with exchange traded funds or in short ETFs. At X Trackers, we offer innovative opportunities for constructing a diversified portfolio. Together we grow, find out how@xtrackers.com, all investments involve risk concluding also principle information on the fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses can be found in the fund's prospectus@xtrackers.com. Read it carefully before investing distributed by Alps Distributors Inc.


You mentioned Israel earlier, and I do wanna ask you about some of what you said in the past year, because you've become one of the most pro-Israel Democrats in the Senate where there has been some division within the party over what's been happening in the Middle East. I would love to understand where your affinity with the state of Israel actually comes from. Can you explain its origin to me? Yes. Well, well, I mean, I don't, I can't say that there is an origin. I I think it's really about that's our ally. There's a special relationship. And now if anyone that studies history realize that if you're, if you aren't unwilling to stand and protect and support the, the Jewish community that can, that can end in incredibly terrible, awful ways.


You know, that's what history has taught us. That, and now to anybody that doesn't follow the history and not even aware of a lot of it, you know, like air on the side of democracy, and that is the only democracy in the middle of that region. And I've, I, I had the, the chance to visit there. And that's the kind of society that have the same kinds of values that we live and what we aspire to, especially ironically progressives, especially for, for women and members of the L-G-B-T-Q communities. And that's why it's so, it's, for me, it's an easy choice Through this In January, you were one of two Senate democrats.


The other was Joe Manchin, who didn't sign on to support a measure endorsing the creation of a Palestinian state. This was part of a national security package that included military aid to Israel. Can you explain that vote to me? I really used to believe that it's a, it's a done, it should be a done deal for the, the A two state solution. I mean, that, that, that became part of the boiler plate for Democrats. And I assume that must be true, but the way, the way things have things have evolved and where we're at now, I mean, that would be ideal. I wish there would, could be peaceful tr to states, but the way things continues to, to evolve, I, I'm, I'm unsure if that's even possible.


I'm hopeful, but I'm now, I'm not convinced that's that even viable. But what seems to be true, and one of the enduring truths through this is that Israel continues to confront the kinds of singular evil that really manifests its way in October 7th. And they have the, they have the right and, and strategically to destroy Hamas. And then now Hezbollah, you know, everybody, experts describe, describe Hezbollah as like the ultimate badass. And, and Israel demolished them over within the next week and a half, and there's no leadership left.


And, and those are the kinds of hard things that needed to finally be confronted if they're ever going to have some more, more enduring peace. I think there's two things going on. One is the destruction of Hamas and Hezbollah, which are deemed terrorist organizations by the United States. And then there's how you go about doing that and what is the cost? And people would look at the cost of how many people have been killed, civilians in Gaza, and say that the cost is too high and that too many civilians have died. So I guess I'm, I'm struggling to, to understand a little bit of, of the nuance there from you.


Well, There isn't any, there isn't any Nuance. There isn't any nuance. No. You think that the price that's been paid is fair. The, the, the, the price is terrible. It's awful. That's, that's history. And that's war. And Israel was forced to fight a, a, an enemy that are cowardly, they hide in tunnels, they hide in schools and in refugee camps, and they're in those kinds of places. And that forces them to, to reach them, they have to go through these civilians. That's why they're so evil. And that's why that's designed the death and destruction and the misery was designed by Hamas.


They understood that that's gonna happen. They don't care. So we can both agree that the misery and the deaths and Gaza is, is terrible. And, you know, some people blame Israel. Well, I, I blame Hamas, As you mentioned. You, you visited Israel for the first time in June. You met with Israel's prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who thanked you for your courage and your support of Israel. How do you see his leadership during this conflict? Yeah, I, I thought it was really curious that Democrats felt like they were, they needed to politically to, to criticize Israel, but that would be difficult.


So they found that, well, I'm gonna just, we're gonna just focus on Netanyahu and you can think he's a, a bad leader or a bad person or anything. But he, that happens to be the democratically leader of, of Israel. And he's on, he is on our side, that's our ally And. if you had to pick who you wanna criticize, you should be criticizing Hamas, you should be calling out Iran, or you should be calling out Hezbollah. You know, certainly not, you know, our ally. So that's, that's I think was incredibly unhelpful and a bad leader for some people can be doing what I think is necessary.


And then no one has been able to answer the question. It's like, how can you rebuild Gaza if Hamas is functional and still in charge? How is that even possible? Are you concerned that he's working to get Trump elected? I don't, I don't bel I don't believe that. IIII don't. and if you think that that might be, I don't know why it's helpful to say that publicly, you know, like I have to believe all of those college protesting and a lot of those other things. They would give Hamas opportunity to rejoice a lot of this division. But now there's, they're not much left of them anymore to, to celebrate.


I'm curious if on that trip you made to Israel, if you went to the West Bank at all and met any Palestinians there. I I, I didn't, I didn't go to the West. I, I didn't. And then, so I didn't have unlimited time to see all the things that I wish I could, but I would love to go back. But I guess what I'm asking is if you've tried to understand the other side of this conflict? Well, I've talked to a lot of people. I, I would, I would, I would visit and I would discuss members of the Arab and Muslim from Pennsylvania. I would have open dialogue, I entertain that.


I would be happy to, to really understand the other side. And I've been unable to, other than it's like, hey, if we can just stop fighting and attacking Israel, that's gonna make the life the quality of life for anyone in that region to, to start to get better. I just wanna bring it back to your state though, because you have gotten criticism from both Muslim groups and pro peace Jewish groups. Last month, the Philadelphia and Pittsburgh chapters of the Council on American Islamic Relations, they issued a joint statement where they condemned you for saying that you loved Israel's pager attacks targeting Hezbollah and Lebanon. I do.


I absolutely. Well, you know, they said when our elected officials start condoning the civilian loss of life, our collective moral compass is irreparably harmed. That's a quote. And indeed that attack did hurt and maim civilians, It didn't, it actually, it was targeted for members of Hezbollah. You know, no one uses beepers in that situation other than they were a member of Hezbollah. That was a young child of the, and that was, that was a, that was a microtargeting to minimize civilian. It was a young child who was killed, who was taking the pager to their Parents. It didn't, unfortunately, tragically because daddy was a, was a member of Hezbollah. That's this, that's tragic. You know, he brought that danger and evil into their home.


And that's what's, that's what tragically resulted in that poor child's death. And that, that, that's, and it's, that's what's so terrible. She paid the price because her father was a terrorist for Hezbollah. And, and I grieve for the, the death of, of Palestinian children and, and other innocence there. I don't assign any more value to their lives. I mean, versus my own children's lives. And, and that's why we have to destroy Hamas and we have to find and develop a new way forward where people can live in peace so that these, this kinds of, of, of death and misery, it has to stop. But it's not being driven by Israel, it's driven by Hamas and Iran and, and that kinds of commitment to destroy the state of, of, of Israel.


And now you have idiots in this nation, you know, talking about enchanting about from the river to the sea. And they try to pretend that doesn't exactly what that means. And that is Israel is in the middle of the sea and that river and that has to be wiped, wiped f free. And that's at least own your antisemitism rather than trying to hide behind a, a turn on on words. I, I do wanna ask you at one other place where you've been at odds with your party, which is on immigration, you understood that it was something that was going to affect people in your state and beyond It. It is, it's, it's a huge issue. My my question is, the party has now embraced enforcement at the border, but comprehensive immigration reform means legalization as well.


What posture do you think the party should be adopting? How can the Democratic Party really deal with what has become a very, very divisive issue within it? Well, well, We had to address it. I said that it's like, why is it controversial to say that we're gonna need a secure border? And when you started looking at the numbers that were showing up, and at some month it was the population of Pittsburgh showing up at the border in a month. Well, if, you know, we want their own American dream and we would wanna provide everyone's American dream, that's the promise of, of, of immigrants. But how do you, what, what do you, what happens to, to all of them?


How can they be okay? And so, I mean, that's a real issue. Democrats can't stop, you know, like trying to tell people it, well, don't believe your eyes. Don't believe your eyes. It's gonna be okay. It's all working out. It's, it's not, you know, it's, it's like, and I'm the most pro immigration guy there is, but that has to be compatible with, we have a secure border. And I will never listen to anyone's other side until you can explain like, how, how do we take care of them? Where do those resources come from and where do they go? Nobody could provide a, a serious answer to that. Do you think if the Democratic ticket loses this election, it will be off the back of issues like immigration?


I, I don't, I mean, it, it, it certainly in places like Arizona, and I know it is very meaningful in, in Pennsylvania as, as, as well too. I don't think it's the defining issue. I think it, I just described that as the choice, the choice two incredibly stark choices. It's not about a certain policy and it's definitely not gonna be about fracking or some of these obscure things. It's not a, it's not about that. It's, it's about that stark choice and it's really much more, it's visceral. And that's why the, the, the people that are left that haven't made up their decision are gonna have this, you know, what do I want for the next four years?


And, and I do believe enough people will choose Harris, but I, I do think it's gonna be much, much closer than anyone would want. That's Senator John Fetterman. This conversation was produced by Seth Kelly. It was edited by Anabel Bacon, mixing by a theme, Shapiro Original music by Dan Powell and Marian Lozano Photography by Philip Montgomery. Our senior booker is Priya Matthew, and our producer is Wyatt Orm. Our executive producer is Alison Benedict. Special thanks to Rory Walsh, Renan Borelli, Jeffrey Miranda, Nick Pittman, Maddie Macello, Jake Silverstein, Paula Schumann, and Sam Dolnick.


If you like what you're hearing, follow or subscribe to The Interview wherever you get your podcasts to read or listen to any of our conversations, you can always go to ny times.com/ The Interview and you can email us anytime at The Interview at ny times.com. Next week David talks with philosopher Peter Singer about the ethics of eating meat. At some point you might say, well, if you want me at your Thanksgiving, I don't wanna be there with a big bird sitting on the table who I know has suffered in the ways that the standard American Thanksgiving Turkey has suffered. I'm Lulu Garcia Navarro and This is The Interview from The New York Times.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfclz.org.