
This podcast is supported by Instagram today. Teens can download any app from app stores without supervision. That's why Instagram supports federal legislation requiring app store parental approval and age verification for teens under 16. Learn more at instagram.com/parental approval.


My name is Bruce Schoenfeld and I'm a contributor to The New York Times Magazine. I've been writing about baseball for four decades and my most recent piece for the magazine is about one of the sport's biggest evolutions In all that time, it has to do with some of the marquee stars of Major League baseball. Starting pitchers, starting pitchers are throwing fewer innings per game than ever. The act of throwing a baseball 90 to 95 miles an hour off a mound is not natural. A pitcher's arm undergoes an enormous amount of physical stress and the body needs time to recover from that.


Just how much time no one can seem to agree on despite years and years of accumulated knowledge and data. Today's baseball is heavily optimized by data. Anyone who has been following the sport for more than a few years can see how the study and use of that data has changed the game. For example, the data says that bunting isn't that beneficial, so almost nobody ever bunts anymore and this optimized version of baseball also dictates that if there's any doubt, take the starting pitcher out of the game before something bad happens.


The longer he goes, it turns out the more likely he'll give up hits and runs, or even worse, get tired and maybe injure himself. And so when a game might be at a decisive point in the late innings these days starting pitchers are rarely still around. But then last year a starting pitcher named Paul Schemes made his debut in the major leagues. He struck him out with a hundred Paul schemes. He has faced four cubs. He has struck out each of them to begin his day. He's incredibly exciting to watch and draws huge crowds nearly every time he takes them out.


Here it is swinging a foul tip. He struck him out. It's unbelievable. It really, it is absolutely incredible. Schemes throws the ball a hundred miles an hour. He has four pitches that he's able to put where he wants and he's adding two more this year after the season. Last summer, he was named the National League's Rookie of the Year. That's, And he has struck out seven. Eric Shelton gonna remove schemes and we'll just listen to the reaction as he heads the dugout and they're already starting to stand before he even gives up the But even though schemes might be this once in a generation talent, unless something changes, it's likely that he'll be largely absent from the record books and that's what's at the center of my story.


And this week's Sunday read baseball's had a resurgence lately, but one of the unintended consequences of the sports devotion to analytics is that Marques pitchers like Paul Skeens don't play nearly as significant a role. And that means fans simply don't get the chance to see those magical pitchers nearly as much as they used to. Is there anything Major League Baseball can do to fix that? So here's my article narrated by Robert Fast. Our audio producer is Jack Dro. Our music was written and performed by Aaron Esposito. Thanks for listening.


One day at Wrigley Field last May, Paul Skeens was pitching for the Pittsburgh Pirates carving out a small piece of baseball history in his second big league game. Just two years before he was a sophomore at the Air Force Academy learning to fly C 17 transport planes in preparation for a career in the military. Now he was dominating the Chicago Cubs. He struck out the first seven batters he faced. By the end of the fifth inning, he had increased his strikeout total to 10 More impressive. He hadn't allowed a hit to end. The sixth schemes unleashed a fast ball that was foul tipped into the catcher's glove for an 11th strikeout.


The cubs remained hitless. At that point, Skees had thrown exactly 100 pitches He wouldn't throw another. When the pirates took the field in the bottom of the seventh, Pittsburgh's manager Derek Shelton replaced him with Carmen Masinsky. No hitters are not wildly uncommon since 1901 when the American League was formed and rules were standardized. Each season has averaged around two of them. But for most of the sports history, they represented a peak expression of individual achievement on the mound. They weren't quite sacrosanct, but pulling a starter when he hadn't allowed a hit was sure to produce headlines and no small amount of animosity in the clubhouse.


Now, here was schemes the most heralded young pitcher in years three innings away from throwing a no-hitter. In his second start, it felt like an opening salvo by a future hall of famer. Instead, he watched from the dugout as Masinsky allowed a single to the third batter. He faced a short fly to left field and all the drama of the day was gone. When I asked Skeens about that, he noted that in his first start the week before he hadn been removed after 84 pitches, the fact that they let me go 100 in Chicago. He told me recently at the Pirates Spring training base in Bradenton, Florida was even more than they were planning on.


And no hitter or not 100 pitches is pretty much the most anyone gets to throw these days. Over the past two decades, analysts have identified a treasure trove of competitive advantages for teams willing to question baseball's established practices. Eventually that meant every team sacrifice buns, for example, squander the game's signature currency outs. Though spending an out increases the chance of scoring a run, it makes the kind of big inning on which games often turn far less likely. But Perhaps the most significant of competitive advantages was hidden in plain sight.


At the center of the diamond starting pitchers were traditionally taught to conserve strength so they could last deep into games. Throwing 300 innings in a season was once commonplace. In 1969 alone, nine pitchers did it, But at some definable point in each game, the data came to reveal. A relief pitcher becomes a more effective option than the starter. Even if that starter is Sandy Koufax or Tom Seaver or Paul Skeens. That moment usually comes in the sixth or seventh inning. Once hitters have had several opportunities to size up the pitches that the starter is throwing, waiting in the bullpen these days are a cadre of specialists with fresh, powerful arms.


They all throw 100 with a wipeout slider. The Texas Ranger's second baseman, Marcus Simeon told me with a laugh he added, I'll take the starter. Late in the game, Simeon seldom gets the opportunity. This has become a problem for Major League baseball, which needs all the stars it can find. In 1968, Bob Gibson started 34 games for the St. Louis Cardinals and finished 28 of them in the process. He became a national celebrity. Last season, no pitcher managed more than two complete games six times pitchers were pulled from games after the seventh inning when they had no hitters underway.


It even happened to Skeens again later in the year after seven innings at a July 11th game in Milwaukee, the drama of a pitcher's attempting to complete a no-hitter battling not just fatigue but luck. A bloop off the end of the bat can break up a no-hitter just as easily as a line drive remains one of the game's greatest pleasures. But with pitching injuries increasingly common and the benefits of bringing in a reliever after going twice through the batting order, statistically unassailable the circumstances under which starters are allowed to continue have dwindled. Astonishingly, even a no-hitter is no longer reason.


Enough in the heat of the moment it feels short term. Let's have something cool happen, says Craig counsel the Cubs manager, but at the risk of someone's health, I don't think it's that cool. Skees was a rookie last season gratified to have made it to the majors. If Shelton wanted to protect his arm, who was he to argue? By mid-season though Skeens was a phenomenon when he started a game at PNC Park where the Pirates play attendance jumped. That matters for a club that hasn't won even half its games in any season since 2018.


The closest thing we've had to an event here in Pittsburgh since I arrived are the days that he pitches says Ben Cherrington, who has been the general manager of the Pirates since 2019. After the season schemes 22 won the National League's Rookie of the Year award at spring training in Florida this year, his image decorated a pirate's banner at Sarasota Airport and a flag that flapped from a lamppost in downtown Bradenton that success confers some bargaining power schemes told me that if he has a no-hitter going late in a game this season and he feels strong enough, he'll ask to complete it still.


Shelton is tasked with winning, not producing memorable moments. I understand that fans wanna see guys come out for the eighth and ninth, he says, but he cautions that several variables need to line up for that to occur. He lists a few of them. Is the game close? Have the innings been stressful? Is the bullpen rested? Over the last few years, baseball has enjoyed a resurgence in popularity. Rule changes have accelerated the game's pace and a new generation of dynamic and enormously talented young players has arrived in the majors. Still, the sports decades long trend toward cultural irrelevance remains worrisome in that sense.


MLB can hardly afford to marginalize some of its biggest names by putting them on the field. As S schemes was last season only about 5% of the time and almost never when a game's outcome was in doubt. For the importance of Marques Starters to be revived, baseball's executives must somehow persuade managers to act in a way that the data tell them is contrary to their team's best interests. S scheme's arrival in Pittsburgh last summer as an instant standout brought that conflict between entertainment and strategic thinking into sharp focus. Here was a pitcher who might have the ability to rank among the best of those who have preceded him, except that the sport itself won't let him.


This podcast is supported by Instagram today. Teens can download any app from app stores without supervision. That's why Instagram supports federal legislation requiring app store parental approval and age verification for teens under 16. Learn more at instagram.com/parental approval.


This podcast is supported by Rinse. These days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


Rob Manfred m lbs. Commissioner remembers traveling to Yankee Stadium from upstate New York on an August weekend in 1968 to attend his first big league games On Saturday, Mickey Mantle hit two home runs, but that was only the prelude I was more excited about. Sunday, Manfred says, because Mel St. Stadel Meyer, his favorite pitcher was starting for the Yankees. St. Stadel Meyer who had just thrown a shutout against the Oakland athletics had 15 wins and a Sterling 2.27 ERA. The game turned out to be a bust. St. Stadel Meyer allowed seven runs and was removed in the second inning, but Manfred, who was nine at the time, hasn't forgotten the anticipation.


He felt to the extent that there's an erosion in the significance of that starter position, you lose that. He said the average length of a pitching start these days is around five innings. It's hard to base a decision to attend a game on a player who is going to participate in only half of it. This doesn't happen in other sports. If you're at an NFL game and the score is close as it nears the end, you'll see the star quarterback leading his team down the field. If you're watching the Golden State Warriors in the NBA playoffs, you won't see Stephan Curry benched after three quarters and held out for the rest of the game to be sure neither football nor basketball has a position so demanding that it requires players to skip games as part of a scheduled routine.


There's already some inherent acceptance in our game that a starting pitcher is physically incapable of handling beyond a certain workload, says Mike Fitzgerald, who oversees data analysis for the Arizona Diamondbacks, but it's debatable exactly what that workload is. What's not debatable is that the workload used to be far higher. They're trying to get you out of the game as quick as they can. Lancelin who pitched for St. Louis last season says of the data analysts, it doesn't matter what kind of effort you put in, they already have it planned. The diminished status of the modern starter has put the traditional markers of excellence out of reach.


24 pitchers in baseball history have won 300 games, for example, but nobody else will. The outcomes of too many games are decided from the sixth inning onward when the starters are already out. I can't stand the direction of the game with all the analytics legislating that you can't go three times through the lineup says Max Scherzer, who pitches for the Toronto Blue Jays and at 40 is nearing the end of a glorious career. In 2018, Scherzer struck out 300 batters, one of only 19 pitchers since 1901. To achieve that feat in a season, there is not likely to be another.


The laws to baseball transcends the statistical. Starting pitchers are now rarely involved in situations of high drama. I'm saddened by it says Jack Morris, a hall of famer whose epic 10 inning shutout won the World Series for the Minnesota Twins in 1991. Really saddened in my soul, will we ever see greatness again? I don't think we will because pitchers are not allowed to be great. Only twice since he left El Toro High School in Lake Forest, California has schemes thrown complete games for LSU against Mississippi State and Tulane in 2023.


But complete games aren't even the biggest issue. If starters routinely worked through the seventh or eighth inning and then gave way to closers as tended to happen over the 20 or 30 years that preceded the rise of analytics, it's very likely that few fans would be disappointed. Closers like the flamboyantly mustachioed Raleigh fingers and the imposing goose gossage and the seemingly imperturbable Mariano Rivera are often oversized characters whose personalities enhance their roles. Perhaps the most exciting thing that happened at City Field last summer was when Edwin Diaz left the bullpen to the Blair of Blaster Jacks and Timmy trumpet's narco to get those final three outs and save a Mets game.


More frustrating are the innings before that, the eighth, the seventh, and increasingly the sixth. Instead of pitchers whom fans might buy tickets to see, they get a parade of anonymous relievers tasked with briefly throwing as hard as they can. Not so long ago, those mid-game relievers were starters whose effectiveness had faltered on balance. They were no better and usually worse than a starter who had been through the batting order two or three times. But in recent years that one inning of relief from a stronger pitcher in the middle of a game has become a specialty unto itself. That's the shame right there.


Scherzer says that a starter can no longer go 105 pitches, which is seven innings at 15 pitches per inning that we have to pull him out. Before that. Many pitchers have strong feelings on the subject, but perhaps none expressed them quite as stridently as Scherzer. We've got to develop starters, again, able to throw a hundred plus pitches. He told me toward the end of last season, he was in a dugout at Globe Life Field in Texas, so agitated about the issue that he couldn't keep still. That's what I keep telling them. He said, I don't care how we do it, but we have to do it.


He offered his solution a combination of sticks and carrots. If a starter doesn't throw 100 pitches, go six innings or allow four runs, his team loses the designated hitter for the rest of the game for recalcitrant teams. Scherzer would also remove the runner who automatically starts each inning after the ninth in scoring position on second base, creating a significant handicap. Once the starter qualifies, his team gets a free substitution, such as the ability to pinch run for a catcher who still gets to stay in the lineup. Such changes would bring considerable upheaval to the game. But to Scherzer, who has no power to do anything beyond advocacy, the issue is existential.


Baseball's rise in popularity began after batters lost the right to specify whether each pitch would be delivered high or low. That rule was changed in 1887 and almost immediately pitchers became the most important players on the field. If the continued emphasis on throwing hard makes them all but interchangeable, the unique confrontation of pitcher against hitter that constitutes the heart of the game will lose its intrigue. Scherer has been proselytizing his argument for several years as MLB has continued to study the issue with what appears to be more intellectual curiosity than urgency to every member of all the committees he says and shakes his head, nobody listens.


This podcast is supported by Instagram today. Teens can download any app from app stores, even ones parents don't want them to. Congress can change that by putting parents in charge of teen app downloads. That's why Instagram supports federal legislation requiring app store parental approval and age verification for teens under 16. Three outta four parents agree they should approve teen app downloads because giving parents control helps keep teens safe online. Learn more at instagram.com/parental approval.


Hi there, I'm Chris Wood, audio engineer on The Daily. That means that I put the finishing touches on the show, make everything sound a little bit better, and hit publish on my computer and that sends the day's episode out into the world so it's ready before most of our listeners wake up. So The Daily team makes a show every weekday that can mean late nights and that's when they pass it off to me. Part of the reason that I'm able to do the work with a clear head is that it's not the middle of the night for me. You might have already guessed from my accent. I live in London and we're five hours ahead of New York. The Daily is only possible because it involves people all over the world and that includes the whole fleet of New York Times journalists who give us their expert analysis and in depth reporting five days a week.


So if you're a loyal listener and want to support what we do as well as explore everything that The New York Times has to offer, you can subscribe at ny times.com/subscribe. Cheers Schemes is six foot six and 260 pounds. That's large for a baseball player, even in the era of huge multi-talented athletes and would rank him among the two or three biggest pitchers in the Sports Hall of Fame. He was recruited to the Air Force Academy's baseball team to play catcher, but his size and strength made him an especially effective pitcher. By the time he arrived there, he was already too large to fit inside the cockpit of a fighter jet, which was his original ambition.


During his freshman season, he threw a pitch recorded at 100 miles per hour. Though he continued to both pitch and catch, his future was settled. He would throw fastballs in the major leagues. If he hadn stayed at Air Force past his sophomore year, he would've triggered an active duty commitment. Reluctantly he transferred to LSU and pitched the Tigers to the 2023 College World Series title. The Pittsburgh Pirates who held the first pick in the 2023 draft coveted a hitter. If you asked me in March or early April who the number one would be, Harrington says, I'd have said, I don't know, but I can tell you it will be a position player.


Pitchers are riskier. Their amateur successes harder to extrapolate to the big leagues, and the pirates already had several promising young starters, and then Cherrington continues. Paul just kept doing extraordinary things. Late in the college season, the model that the pirates used to assess talent started projecting schemes as the top pick. We literally kept asking, can this be right? Charrington says, but it got to be clear enough in our system that it wasn't even close and it just became, this is a different kind of picture. We should probably take him.


At first glance, schemes looks like the most complete incarnation yet of a specific type of analytics friendly pitcher, one who seems purpose built to hurl, fastballs and sliders as hard as he can for as long as he can before seeding the mound to relievers, and at some level that's what he is. But S scheme's path to becoming a top pitching prospect was different from everyone else's. As a catcher, he wasn't exposed to a recruiting subculture that emphasizes pitch velocity and spin rate more than actually getting batters out in games. He wasn't on that summer grinder circuit and doing vlo programs since he was four.


Cherrington says, referring to training routines designed to increase pitch velocity and maybe cherrington added. You start to think that he's this good because he didn't do all those modern picture things. In fact, s schemes shows signs of evolving into another kind of picture, one in the image of those durable starters who preceded him. I do think that knock on wood, all S schemes has the capability over the next two or three years of starting to finish games. Charrington says S schemes hope. So. As a former position player, he's accustomed to being in the lineup every day and rarely being removed during a game.


The goal is to go out there and pitch nine innings every time he says. Now, that's not going to happen, but I try to get outs as quickly and efficiently as possible and hopefully have the bullpen throw as little as possible. Such efficiency was crucial when starters expected to get through games. These days, it clashes with another dictum of baseball analytics that the only controllable outcome of an at bat for a pitcher, at least in a positive sense, is the strikeout. Once a ball is hit, what happens next will depend on an amalgamation of factors, including the ability of the fielders, how hard the wind is blowing, and pure luck.


Those lazy outfield flies might just end up in the stands to avoid that when pitchers get ahead in the count, they usually throw a pitcher to nowhere near the plate. You're going out of the zone in the dirt just hoping they swing. Says Logan Gilbert of the Seattle Mariners whose 208 and two thirds innings last season led the majors trying to induce swings can add a couple of pitches per batter. The difference between finishing the sixth inning at 75 pitches and an untenable 95 strikeouts also get pitchers noticed. That's what gets you drafted high and moves you through the minors.


Says Daniel Bard, a former first round pick who pitched parts of nine seasons in the majors. If you can do that while keeping your walks down, you can be really, really good. Ske Z's frequency of striking out hitters is the highest of any pirate ever, but he knows that also compromises his ability to work deep into games, to schemes every at bat should end in three pitches, a three pitch strikeout. But at some point I'm like, okay, let's get this at bat over with and he'll throw a pitch designed to get a ground ball. At the end of the day, I wanna put up as many zeroes as possible. He says, referring to scoreless innings, but if it's just five innings and no runs, I'm not super happy about that either.


Neither is Manfred. Lately Major league baseball has shown a willingness to tinker with its rules, counteracting some of the stultifying effects of analytics driven baseball. Among other adjustments, it outlawed the shifting of fielders from one side of second base to the other and enlarged the bases. After last season when S scheme's 11 and three record and ERA under 2.0 focused attention on how the role of even the top starters has changed, many of the sports stakeholders expected Manfred to issue some kind of edict about pitching, possibly a rule change that might be provisionally implemented in a minor league so that the ramifications could be studied.


Instead, MLB released a report on pitching injuries that revealed little that wasn't already known. I haven't even read it. Skeens says, Manfred describes himself as uncomfortable restricting how teams deploy their pitchers during games. I don't see how you can in the context of competition. He says instead he suggests limiting how often pitchers can be recalled from the miners or how many can be on a roster. Not surprisingly, pitchers favor financial rewards such as a bonus for anyone who throws 180 innings in a season. A more oblique solution won suggested to me by Fitzgerald of the Diamondbacks would award additional draft picks to the teams whose starters remain in the game the longest over the course of a season.


Such remedies would have consequences though the pitchers who throw the most would include the majority of baseball's best starters, many of whom would very likely end up on the best and wealthiest teams. The last ones you'd want getting additional draft picks and roster limits would force the one inning relievers to work two or three innings, which is like making sprinters suddenly start running the mile. If you start messing with the rosters, you're going to crush those guys. Scherzer says you're going to create injuries already. Baseball is straining to accommodate those pitchers whose elbows, shoulders, or other body parts have failed under the strain of throwing balls at such high velocities.


Last season, 390 pitchers 13 per team spent time on MLBs injury list missing a total of more than 33,000 days. And If you are on the injured list, you aren't throwing any innings at all. Injuries to pitchers are already such a problem. In fact, that strenuous effort is made to avoid them. The professional life of a pitcher used to consist primarily of pitching in games and in bullpen sessions between them. When Jim Kott, who worked in more than 900 big league games over a 25 year career, served as a pitching coach for the Cincinnati Reds in the 1980s.


He instructed starters to never go more than a day without throwing as much as they would throw in a game. He believed that pitchers shouldn't expect to complete a nine inning game if they couldn't even do that. In practice these days, the act of actually throwing a ball toward a batter has been scaffolded with a regimen of exercises designed to increase velocity, but also theoretically at least to help prevent the ligament tears and other breakdowns that are prematurely ending seasons and even careers. Pitchers are certainly throwing harder, yet they're still getting hurt, and it may be that to Kat's point, all this scaffolding at the expense of throwing is increasing the likelihood that complete games will like 400 batting averages soon exist.


Only in the record books. One recent Thursday in Bradenton Skeens stood under a portico outside the Pirate's clubhouse at 9:00 AM swinging a weighted pendulum. After that, he picked up a medicine ball and hurled it against a concrete wall in a simulacrum of his pitching motion. Next, he strapped an oversized plastic tube filled with water onto his back, stepped to the top of a ramp with the same downward slope as a pitching mound, and took a stride while flinging his right shoulder forward. He grabbed a weighted ball and flipped it backhanded against the wall, then threw it from the top of the ramp.


Satisfied. He walked under the stands and onto the field. Still he wasn't ready to pitch. He spent the next few minutes tossing a football to a coach. He continued his game of catch with a baseball. When that was finished, he went back under the stands and across a brilliant green lawn to a mound where Jason delay one of Pittsburgh's catchers, waited in full gear s skis, tossed a ball to delay from in front of the mound a few times. Then he stepped back on the rubber and for the first time that day started to throw actual pitches. As he threw Cherrington watched, he was monitoring his investment, but he was also clearly transfixed by the spectacle.


Three pirates coaches were clustered a few feet away, paying close attention, and underneath the portico, a group of players had stopped their own workouts to stare across the lawn at their prodigious teammate who pitches in a game on average only around once a week Last year, s skiing's most effective pitch was a hybrid of a traditional sinker and a split fingered fastball called the SP blinker, which tends to veer sharply downward as it nears the plate. As S skis worked in the sunshine, he threw sp blinkers and four seam fastballs and sliders, curves and changeups.


He also experimented with a fast ball thrown with his fingers atop the seams of the ball rather than across them and a cutter designed to tail away from right-handed hitters. One fast ball seemed to be even faster than the rest. It hit the catcher's MIT with an audible boom rather than a pop. It turned out to be the last pitch after he caught it, delay stood up and walked towards schemes, and the coaches converged schemes had thrown 35 pitches, the equivalent of three brisk innings. That must have been enough because everyone bumped fists. Another pitcher was scheduled to use the mound.


So Skees moved aside and started chatting with a couple of teammates. It was just past 9:30 AM and his day of throwing was done.