
With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes, buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic investing.


American cheerleading has never been bigger. You have the sort of sideline rah rah jumping up and down with pompoms type of cheerleading, and then you have the competitive side that you see on screen, like in the movie, bring It On, or the Netflix series cheer. There are hundreds of cheerleading competitions every year and for the championships which are broadcast on ESPN, thousands of people descend on a venue at Disney World that was built specifically for cheerleading. The athleticism, female empowerment, American nostalgia and glitzy pageantry have all combined to create a cultural phenomenon. And for this week's Sunday Reed, I wanted to look into how the sport of cheerleading has become the business of cheerleading.


What I found is a single company that dominates this world. Some critics call it a monopoly whose tactics mirror those of Google and Microsoft, and the level of control that's wielded at the top is extraordinary. My name is David Govey Herbert and I'm a contributor to The New York Times Magazine. I write a lot about subcultures and business worlds that are dominated by singular figures or firms, and I try to unravel how those empires came to be. It turns out that the sprawling and lucrative business of cheerleading is largely controlled by a Memphis based company called Varsity. Spirit. Varsity has grown over the last 50 years, first through the vision of a former cheerleader and entrepreneur named Jeff Webb, and then later through infusions of cash from private equity firms.


This summer, KKR one of the largest private equity firms in the world bought Varsity and its affiliate companies for nearly $5 billion. My story is about the dangerous and expensive world that Varsity has presided over. I spoke with cheerleaders who had suffered catastrophic injuries and who alleged abuse from coaches. I spoke with cheer parents who told me about going deep into debt for the sport. I was absolutely floored to learn that in one Facebook group alone, hundreds of moms are trading tips about how to sell blood plasma to pay for cheerleading and its hefty travel bills. And in the background, Varsity makes hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue.


It's faced antitrust and personal injury lawsuits alleging that the company has inflated prices for families, driven out rivals, and that the governing bodies founded by Varsity even ignored reports of sexual abuse. Antitrust experts I spoke with compared Varsity's hardball business tactics to those used by John d Rockefeller and Standard Oil more than a hundred years ago. Typically, when you're reporting a business story, finding sources isn't that big a challenge. There are competitors, former employees, people that can start pointing you in the right directions. That did not happen here. There were gym owners who were scared of talking to me because they worried that they might lose the rebates that Varsity gives them in exchange for their loyalty.


There were cheerleaders who were afraid that they might get booted off their teams and ostracized. There were competitors who feared that Varsity might go after them, either with litigation or with so-called Attack events where they schedule a rival cheer competition on the same weekend. And yet, despite the wall of silence, I started to see cracks. There were former employees who had damning things to say about the company, but they also desperately wanted to reform the sport. Even young women who had been injured and claimed abuse still believed deeply in cheer. And the more time I spent in this world, the more I understood their passion. I went to two competitions myself, and to be honest, at one of them, I almost got choked up with emotions, seeing the enthusiasm and the teamwork.


I wondered how many of these athletes and their parents knew about the Shakespearean corporate drama that was playing out behind the scenes or about the billions of dollars of the word stake. So here's my article read by Kirsten Potter. Our audio producer for this episode is Adrian Hurst. The original music you'll hear was written and performed by Erin Esposito. Nikki Jennings started sharing when she was four years old. She was small and flexible and became a flyer, a human baton, spinning and twisting through the air before being caught by teammates until sometimes she wasn't.


She got her first concussion in the third grade. Jennings was a budding star, and at 13 she joined a competitive gym called Rockstar Cheer in Naples, Florida. She was the golden child of her coach Carlos rpe, even if he sometimes pushed her too hard, like when he ran practices late into the evening on school nights or when Jennings pulled a hamstring and he threatened her position on the team unless she pounded ibuprofen and powered through the pain. Or when he screamed and threw shoes and water bottles, ropy denies throwing things. Two other team members supported Jennings account. Parents of other children complained about Roy's coaching style, but Jennings brushed it off.


Jennings family moved to Georgia and after her new team there won the cheerleading worlds in 2019, she became a minor cheer, Liberty modeling uniforms and taking photos with little girls who waited in line to meet her. That visibility led to a scholarship to cheer at the University of Hawaii where she clocked up to 50 hours a week in training games, hair and makeup, and late night punishing drills after making mistakes on the field. According to Jennings, her coach Mike Keo La Kani Baker insulted his athletes When the team performed poorly, Jennings had begun swimsuit modeling and she told a friend at the time that Baker said her Instagram feed looked as if she was prepping for an only fan's career.


Baker denied making that comment. He said the team did not typically practice and perform more than 20 hours a week. Another cheerleader supported Jennings memory. Her junior year, Jennings slammed into a teammate's shoulder during a basket toss, snapping her head back and giving her yet another concussion her seventh. Soon afterward, she got sick from an unrelated illness and became depressed. Baker sent her an email cutting her from the squad. She could have lost her scholarship too, had the athletic director not intervened on her behalf. Two years ago at 21 Jennings retired from cheerleading with a chronic hip injury, occasional slurred speech and intermittent headaches that she called stingers.


She resolved to seek treatment for a traumatic brain injury. It was only when she was out of cheer entirely that she realized her difficult career in the sport was more than just a random string of bad luck. Jennings experience of injury, grueling hours and emotional abuse is not an uncommon one in the vast world of American cheerleading. Every day I make more and more pieces click, she said. Nationwide. just over a million children, mostly girls participate in cheer each year. some estimates are even higher, more than the number who play softball or lacrosse And. almost every part of that world is dominated by a single company.


Varsity. Spirit. It's hard to cheer at the youth high school or collegiate level without putting money in the company's pocket. Varsity operates summer camps where children learn to do stunts and perform. it hosts events where they compete. it sells pompoms they shake and uniforms they wear on the sidelines of high school and college football games. Each year, Varsity ships 4.6 million pieces of apparel from $80 leopard print, cheer mom fleeces to custom uniforms covered in Swarovski crystals. Critics like Matt Stoller, an antitrust expert and the research director of the American Economic Liberties Project claim that the cheer giant is a monopolist whose dominance in its area rivals that of Google in tech and has had negative impacts for participants and their families.


Varsity based in Memphis generates hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue with gross profit margins at times topping 40%, making the company a cash cow. For a series of private equity owners, parents have reported spending upward of $10,000 a year per child in competitive cheer with Varsity controlling by some estimates more than 80% of that market. Jeff Webb, the man who founded Varsity, has been called John d Rockefeller with glitter and the dark STH Lord of cheer by some of his detractors. Webb now in his seventies pioneered the gravity defying acrobatics of modern cheer.


He paired his innovations with a desire for control over every facet of the sport which he pursued over the course of more than four decades to maintain his influence, lawsuits have alleged Webb lobbied against categorizing scholastic cheerleading as a sport at the high school and college levels had the NCAA recognized cheer. It might have protected Jennings in college limiting her practice hours and ensuring that she got a hearing if her scholarship were threatened because of an injury. Instead, Varsity founded governing bodies whose representatives sometimes downplayed safety concerns in the media as flyers like Jennings returned to the mat again and again after serious concussions.


Competitive cheers. Shockingly dangerous. In the past 40 years, the number of catastrophic injuries sustained by cheerleaders is greater than those sustained by female athletes playing all other high school and college sports combined. For many years, those same governing bodies failed to comprehensively track and banned problematic coaches who bounced from gym to gym. Sometimes they did more than yell or throw things. Cheer is now dealing with a sexual abuse scandal with parallels to that of USA gymnastics. Varsity's market power has made the cheer world a paranoid place.


In my reporting for this story, dozens of people spoke about the company in conspiratorial tones better suited to a spy thriller. My sources were at least right, that the company was paying attention not long after beginning my reporting for the Times, a managing director from Teneo, the high powered public relations firm whose clients have included Coca-Cola, Dow Chemical, and Saudi Arabia's public investment fund contacted me. I soon found myself dealing with separate PR agencies, representing two private equity firms, Varsity and Jeff Webb himself, who invited me to interview him.


I don't think I've done a great job marketing myself. He told me I would rather let the deeds speak for themselves. Varsity has been hit with a raft of antitrust and personal injury lawsuits, which provided an unprecedented glimpse into varsity's operations. Thousands of pages of documents and emails showed how Webb, a former cheerleader himself, built a company so powerful that its market position has not been meaningfully challenged by the many lawsuits and controversies. In July, KKR one of the largest private equity firms in the world bought Varsity and its affiliate companies from Bain for a reported $4.75 billion.


A clear bet that Varsity's control of cheerleading will survive the current scrutiny. Since the KKR sale, a sense of foreboding hangs over the world of cheer. Is there any scandal big enough to shake Varsity's grip on American cheerleading? Jeff Webb grew up in the halian splendor of post-war Middle America. His father was a cowboy who became an accountant at an oil company childhood was a modest three bedroom home, little league baseball and riding his bike around the neighborhood in Dallas, it was a leave it to beaver upbringing. Appropriate for the visionary behind a sport so intertwined with American nostalgia.


As a high school, senior Webb joined the cheer team. Today the sport is so freighted with cultural significance for American girlhood that it can be hard to believe it was once a male only activity. The first cheers copied from military chance began at Princeton University. Around the time of the Civil War, Franklin d Roosevelt, Dwight d Eisenhower, and Ronald Reagan were all cheerleaders During World War ii with many college age men, enlisted women took up cheerleading, the war ended and the men came back to campus. Among them, Lawrence Herkimer, a navy navigator born in Michigan, who returned from the Pacific Theater and saw potential in the new female dominated iteration of cheerleading.


Herkimer founded a company, the National Cheerleaders Association and Barnstormed around the country teaching the Herky a jump still performed on sidelines. Today he invented the pompom patent number 3 5 6 0 3 1 3, and soon acquired the moniker Mr. Cheerleader. By the late 1960s, Herkimer was hiring hundreds of instructors for more than 150 camps, teaching 100,000 high school cheerleaders around the country. Among those instructors was an ambitious young Yale leader from the University of Oklahoma. Jeff Webb Webb worked for Herkimer in college and then after graduation, eventually becoming head instructor at his largest camps.


Herkimer had no sons and he saw a lot of himself in Webb. I've been waiting 25 years for you to come along. Webb remembers Herkimer saying Webb had long planned to become a lawyer, but Herkimer then in his mid fifties made a pitch, forget law school, make a career out of cheerleading. At 23, Webb became general manager of the NCA. Webb was quickly frustrated by herkimer loyalty to the past. Spirit sticks, stale, cheers and modest stunts. Like shoulder stands he decided to strike out on his own. In 1974, he poached 20 of Herkimer best instructors, and in an indication of his grand ambitions, Webb quit herkimer National Cheerleaders Association and started the Universal Cheerleaders Association.


I remember as a little girl, it was disconcerting when he broke off, said Carolyn Herkimer, Hamer's daughter. My dad had put a lot of trust in him. It was a little bit of a feeling of betrayal. One well-known piece of lore holds that when he split off, Webb sent Herkimer a funeral wreath with a note that read, I'm going to bury you. Webb calls that story a total lie and its existence, evidence of just how much he got into his rival's head. Another example that Webb shares with a laugh. Once when the power went out at Herkimer largest competition, a rumor spread that Webb himself was in the back pulling out electrical cables.


Herkimer may have invented the pompom, but Webb knew where to use it on tv. In 1984, he signed a broadcast deal with a fledgling ESPN to televise his cheer Championships first held at SeaWorld, then Disney World and immediately reached 34 million American homes. Webb co-hosted the broadcasts which he punctuated with personal demonstrations of pyramids and basket tosses. The growth was fueled in part by a new category of cheerleading known as All Star. Just as travel baseball and soccer teams emerged for kids who wanted to compete year round, dedicated cheer squads emerged unconnected to schools or sporting events.


They weren't on the sidelines anymore. All star cheer was the main event. Showcasing routines with evermore daring stunts all choreographed to ear splitting. Music mixes, multiple divisions meant less advanced children could participate. If you could do a cartwheel, we had a team for you said Dennis Warley, a longtime Varsity employee who helped pioneer the all star market. Cheerleading was turning into an American cultural phenomenon complete with a new breed of parent. The cheer mom whose aspirations for her daughter made her a loyal customer of Webb's. One mom's obsession even turned dangerous in 1991 after her daughter was passed over for the cheer team, Wanda Holloway agreed to pay $2,500 to put a hit on a rival palm mom in Channelview, Texas.


She was arrested instead and the case became a global sensation. Amid this fervor, Webb continued to expand his camps and competitions then added a uniform division. In January, 1992, Varsity Spirit, the umbrella company Webb created for his growing cheer. Empire went public by that point. Varsity had 100,000 athletes in summer camps and $28.1 million in annual revenue. When a reporter from Sports Illustrated arrived at Web's Memphis office, she found a copy of the Harvard Business Review on the table. Maroon and forest green wallpaper and a Ralph Lauren motif cheer had officially gone corporate.


The 1990s were boom times Varsity gained market share and quintupled its revenues to $136 million by the end of the decade. The capstone came in 2000 when a small budget film called Bring It on grossed a surprising $90 million at the box office. The movie accelerated the shifting perception of cheerleading from sideline rah rahs to the acrobatic routines that Webb had been promoting for more than two decades. During a five year span in the early two thousands, the number of all star gyms, which taught this ambitious tumbling and stunting exploded to 2,500. From around 200 varsity's growing power allowed Webb to cultivate an almost imperial presence.


His staff nicknamed the private jet. He traveled on cheer force one when he arrived on set to host ESPN broadcasts. Employees joked that the eagle has landed. He would eventually purchase Mallard Point Lodge, a more than 700 acre duck hunting estate in Arkansas and a yacht in Florida. But what drove him wasn't the money. It was about discipline and keeping score. Webb told me Lawrence Herkimer had retired by then and his NCA was ready to be felled. Herkimer couldn't hide his hurt at being eclipsed by his former protege.


It was a lucky day for him. The day he met me, he told USA today in 2002. Two years later, Varsity purchased his company By the turn of the millennium, cheerleaders were now tumbling like advanced gymnasts, and yet Webb and Varsity insisted that scholastic cheerleading was not a sport. Varsity alternately called cheerleading and athletic activity and more than a sport, the company counseled the Department of Education, which enforces Title IX gender equity requirements in college athletics against considering cheerleading a sport.


Webb has testified in federal court to the same effect. Varsity acknowledged in SEC filings that if cheer were subjected to restrictions on off season training like NCAA sports, it would lead to a material adverse effect on Varsity's business. In 2004, Webb wrote an opinion essay in the NCAA news arguing for a spinoff cheer like sport, something like acro cheer might work that would leave the bulk of traditional cheerleading squads unrecognized. Later, the company spent more than $50,000 to lobby unsuccessfully against a 2015 bill in California that designated high school cheerleading and official sport and implemented stricter safety rules.


Varsity told the times that its opposition to sports status only applied to traditional cheer, and as cheer evolved to include more advanced gymnastics, the company had no objection to its receiving the designation lacking a governing body. The cheer landscape in the early aughts was still chaotic. It was the wild west on steroids. Warley, the former Varsity employee said there were no rules or if there were rules, they were different. Cheerleaders regularly practiced stunts on grass and even on concrete. Some competitions allowed high octane stunts like back flip baskets and others didn't.


A squad that wanted to rack up points might start prepping a back flip basket just a week before a competition, which led to a surge in devastating head and neck injuries. From 1980 to 2001, emergency room visits for cheerleaders soared nearly 500% over that same period. Competitive cheerleading was responsible for more catastrophic injuries to female athletes than all other high school and college sports combined. According to the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research, and those statistics included bases. The girls at the bottom of the pyramid who were at lower risk for head injuries restrict the data just to flyers the girls being tossed in the air and injury rates became semi suicidal.


According to Dr. Robert Cantu, medical director of the research center, the flyer was the riskiest person in all of women's sport. He said recently, by some metrics, the risk of catastrophic head and spine injuries was higher in cheerleading than in football. Krista Parks started cheering in the third grade, both at school and later for an all-star squad. By 2003, she was captain of the University of Memphis cheer team, a coach at Varsity Camps and a respected flyer. I lived it Park said I was all in at practice that year.


As the team prepared for varsity's upcoming college Nationals Park stood atop of the pyramid, ready to execute a high front flip into the waiting arms of her squad. A teammate held onto her feet too long, so instead of flipping, I just dove like into a swimming pool with no water. She landed on a two inch thick foam mat on top of concrete breaking her neck in five places. When teammates visited her in the hospital, they found a stranger. Most of park's hair had been shaved for surgery and the rest sat in an awkward mullet with a huge scar running around the top of her head. She underwent three operations, had a permanent shunt placed in her spine to drain fluid from her brain and endured ears of physical therapy.


When parks began speaking to a lawyer, she says the team shunned her at bars around Memphis. She bumped into former teammates who emboldened by alcohol would whisper. We aren't supposed to be talking to you. She later started a cheerleader safety foundation when she returned for a Memphis alumni cheer event. She says former teammates wouldn't even make eye contact with her. Despite the alarming injury statistics, Varsity was publicly dismissive of the risks. We are all concerned about safety, but the fact is the injury rate for cheerleading just isn't that high. Greg Webb, a senior vice president and Jeff's brother told the times in 2000 concerned coaches tried to impose order.


In 2003, Jamie Parrish a top tier cheer choreographer who also owned a gym, banded together with other coaches to found a rules organization. The national All Star Cheerleading coaches Congress. They met in Atlanta and merged more than 40 sets of rules into a single rule book and banned certain dangerous stunts like triple twisting layouts. The new organization threatened varsity's growing control of cheer that really set Varsity off like in a big, big, big way. Perish. Later testified Within a week, Varsity created a rival group, the United States All Star Federation, U-S-A-S-F and bankrolled it with a $1.8 million interest free line of credit.


The U-S-A-S-F then required that Jim's purchase a membership with the organization in order to compete at Varsity competitions. You guys don't have the money to do your own organization. Parrish remembered one of Webb's executives telling him, according to a subsequent deposition, you guys don't need to worry with this. Later, litigation would allege that the new safety organization was independent in name only. Some U-S-A-S-F staff were full-Time Varsity employees who volunteered their time Varsity bought its web address and the two organizations shared office space.


Varsity now began weaving together a regulatory net that would eventually cover all of cheer. Within a few years, Varsity created USA cheer, a governing body devoted to safety and participation and staffed that group largely with former employees too. The company later signed an agreement with the National Federation of State High School associations, the rulemaking body for most high school sports and paid the group $345,000 annually to be a corporate partner. According to an email from a Varsity executive in 2015, the Federation in turn created a squad credentialing program for high school cheerleaders geared toward driving summer camp enrollment, solidifying varsity's control over the camp business.


The alphabet soup of abbreviations and oversight groups was confusing. Cheer insiders understood that the tentacles came from the same octopus, but parents in schools often missed it. It even appeared to escape the notice of the times in several articles about cheer injuries. In the two thousands, the paper quoted Jim Lorde, executive director of the American Association of Cheerleading Coaches and Administrators as he echoed Varsity talking points, the times didn't note that Varsity had founded and financed Lord's organization. Despite Varsity's early opposition, 36 states and the District of Columbia now recognize cheer as a sport.


It remains an outlier. None of the National Federation of State high school association's other 17 member sports have this patchwork state by state designation said Dr. Carissa Neh Hoff the Chief Executive of the Federation, nor is there another sport where a for-profit company like Varsity is so intricately linked to its governance. She said Varsity remains a corporate partner with the federation. I find them to be a wonderful company to work with. She said Sports medicine experts have routinely proposed making cheer a sport in the remaining states and at the college level, which would mean improved access to certified and qualified coaches, athletic trainers and medical care limits on practice time, improved facilities and inclusion in injury monitoring data.


There is no question in my mind that if cheerleading was declared a sport under the control of an athletic department, the number of injuries would be reduced. Frederick Mueller, the former director of the National Center for Catastrophic Sports Injury Research, who was among the first to draw attention to the cheer injury epidemic wrote in 2009 USA cheer has found some success reducing injuries. Said Lori Harris its executive director. A 2006 ban on basket tosses on hardwood floors, followed by a 2012 ban on double twisting dismounts at the high school level led to a drop in catastrophic injuries.


A 2021 study in the Orthopedic Journal of Sports Medicine found that emergency room visits for cheer injuries are indeed down. But that same study stressed that visits for concussions continue to soar increasing by 44% from 2010 to 2019. The increase could be in part a result of greater awareness of the dangers of concussions, but the risk remains high relative to many other sports. The Journal of Pediatrics reported in a 2019 study that the incidences of concussions during cheer practice was second only to football among high school sports. In a response, Varsity said it created Cheers first safety manual in 1987 and has since invested millions of dollars in safety initiatives because estimates of the number of cheerleaders in the United States vary.


There is some ambiguity and disagreement about how to accurately measure cheer injuries. The company cited data from the Consumer Product Safety Commission, which found that in 2023 there were fewer emergency room visits for girls ages 12 to 18 for cheerleading than basketball, soccer, volleyball, and softball. USA cheer concludes on its website that cheerleading is a safe activity.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own, plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This podcast is supported by the PBM accountability project. There's consensus in Congress real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree we need to improve transparency. Break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug and force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30 America's seniors are counting on it.


The control that Jeff Webb was assuming over cheerleading is difficult to overstate. It was as if Dr. James Naismith, the inventor of basketball also operated youth camps owned Nike, hosted the NBA finals, called those games on TV and ran USA basketball, but it wasn't enough. Webb wanted to get bigger. In 2014, a Varsity pitch deck began circulating around the offices of Charles Bank. Capital Partners am midsize private equity firm in Boston that counted Harvard University among its investors, impressed by the cheer giants, profit margins, and market dominance.


Charles Bank purchased Varsity Brands whose portfolio had grown through a series of mergers to include Varsity Spirit in addition to makers of class rings, yearbooks, and sports apparel for $1.5 billion, putting up $300 million of its own cash. Most of Varsity brands revenue today comes from these other companies, but the sale was a payday for long time. Varsity Spirit employees who collectively received $79.5 million. For Webb, it was life-changing. He personally made $34.8 million, which he called a pretty good slug of money with a major private equity firm behind it.


Varsity had the war chest it needed. Charles Bank helped Varsity secure a $125 million loan facility. We've got the dough for our acquisitions now. Wrote Joshua N Beer, a managing director at Charles Bank to his team. Let's make it sweat. The juiciest target was an event producer called Jam Brands. Aaron f Flaker. One of the founders of Jam was the rare cheer entrepreneur without a cheer background. He had quit the baseball team at the University of Louisville and learned about the cheer world when he successfully auditioned to become the school's mascot, a Cardinal f Flaker and his partners had already turned down Varsity once in 2005.


Varsity is rolling up companies. He said of his mindset at the time, let's roll up and fight. Jam Brands acquired other event producers and became the Pepsi to Varsity's Coke controlling about 30% of the All Star market by some estimates, and yet even Jam brands struggled to compete. They were so big F Flaker told me with exasperation, most cities had surprisingly few event venues that could host a cheer competition. They needed 20 foot ceilings to accommodate high flying stunts and plenty of floor space. But Varsity had exclusive contracts with many of them to ensure that jam brands and other producers couldn't host there.


Varsity's generous loyalty bonuses to gym owners in the form of rebates hurt too. And then Varsity began scheduling attack events, placing a competition in say, Baton Rouge, Louisiana. On the same weekend, the Jam brands had an event in neighboring Shreveport in order to peel off teams. In 2015 F Flaker and his partners relented. They sold to Varsity for $32.9 million. Varsity increased event registration fees by an average of more than 40% at Jam Brands and four other event producers. It acquired in this period according to a statistical analysis by plaintiffs in a subsequent class action suit, which also alleged the company killed off some jam brands competitions in order to push teams toward higher priced Varsity events.


Varsity disputes this analysis today. Webb says that some smaller event producers approached Varsity and asked to be acquired because they trusted him and his ability to steward their companies. I didn't get up one day and go, we are not controlling this whole thing. Webb says, I had enough to say Grace over to be honest with you, and yet internal documents from that period tell a different story. Independent event producers were panicking. Varsity had created a major new competition, the summit, a championship for lower level teams that now generated $32 million a year in revenue for the company.


The market power it gave Varsity was squeezing smaller event producers. They emailed the U-S-A-S-F to propose leveling the playing field. The federation, not Varsity, should run all end of season events. The U-S-A-S-F privately assured Varsity that it would table the idea for a future committee meeting. It will die there without us having to publicly oppose it. An internal memo concluded Still, the SAS F'S maneuvering on Varsity's behalf was sometimes insufficient in web eyes. According to Les Stella, a former top Federation executive for about a decade. Starting in 2004, Stella recalled a conversation with Webb in the late 2010s after he had moved to another governing body about Jim Chadwick the U-S-A-S-F president at the time.


I need to remind Jim why we started the U-S-A-S-F web said not because we wanted some governing body telling us what to do. It was because we wanted to control the all-star market and it worked. Stella was stunned. My jaw hit the floor. He said recently. Webb denies saying anything like this to Stella as it snapped up. Rivals Varsity did not rename its new acquisitions. Rather, it maintained existing brands in order to keep parents in the dark about how much of their money was now flowing to the company. According to a draft version of a 2018 presentation prepared by investment banks working on behalf of Varsity, Varsity introduced other practices that many parents did notice.


For the summit held at Disney World Varsity bought four day Disney Park Hopper passes in bulk for $173 24 cents a piece and sold them back to parents for $380. According to internal documents, the company's state of play program required teams to book rooms at Varsity aligned hotels. During some competitions, parents protested. They were overpaying. The very same rooms were often available for less online. What many didn't know was that Varsity received guaranteed $20 per room per night according to an expert report later prepared on behalf of parents as part of a class action suit.


It would not be good for our customers to know how much revenue we are generating in hotel rebates. An internal Varsity memo warned, where is that extra money going? Asked one gym owner on Facebook about the hotel scheme. Why am I forced to do this to myself and my gym families? Varsity employees took screenshots of this comment and others tracking the descent. The company would eventually rebrand the program, stay Smart, which the choreographer, Jamie Parrish, whom Varsity had since hired, admitted in an internal memo was basically putting lipstick on a pig. The elephant in Room Parrish wrote in a separate presentation was that the company needed to find ways to avoid being viewed as a monopoly.


As it continued its buying binge. In a statement, a Varsity spokeswoman said Perish never held any executive or senior leadership role, and that any comments from him were not reflective of the company's corporate strategy. On July 1st, 2015, Lawrence Herkimer died at 89, or as his family affectionately wrote in his obituary, herky jumped into heaven. There was now a moniker up for grabs. For decades, Herkimer had been known as the father of modern cheerleading. Sports Illustrated meanwhile had called Webb the sport's wayward son for splitting off from his mentor years earlier, but when news agencies began calling Varsity for comment on Herkimer death, Webb was adamant, I don't want him to be called the father of cheerleading.


Sheila Noon, the vice president of public relations for Varsity Spirit recalled Webb's telling her he can be grandfather, but I should be the father. Webb says he does not recall this conversation. Webb had finally eclipsed his mentor, but he was experiencing friction with Charles Bank. One talking point that Charles bank prepared for a meeting with Webb. Read, you are uncomfortable and unhappy with the level of engagement we want in the business. Charles bank personnel discussed terminating his position in January, 2016. According to court filings, he is going to be very on edge that we have summoned him to New York alone to fire him.


Two months later, Webb resigned, but Charles bank needed to keep Webb loyalists happy. A former Varsity employee with knowledge of the situation said, and so they agreed that Webb should stay on as chairman and his protege. Bill Sealey would soon be named president of Varsity Spirit. Charles Bank did not respond to a request for comment. The USAS F'S ties to Varsity, continued to thwart independent event producers. Subsequent litigation would claim Steve Peterson, who oversaw events for the U-S-A-S-F was paid through Varsity. Varsity told USA today in 2020 that the company was reimbursed for paying Peterson as part of an administrative agreement.


An email from that period shows Peterson applauding a Varsity acquisition. They are going to freak. He wrote to Varsity employees describing the mindset of other event producers after the company's 2018 purchase of Epic brands. Congratulations guys. Peterson, also privately mocked independent event producers pleased to level the playing field. We are not the only company in jeopardy of closing our doors. One owner wrote to the U-S-A-S-F in February, 2018. Peterson forwarded the email to Varsity headquarters with a note about its strategy. FYI. It's working.


He added a smiley face emoticon. In June, 2018, Bain Capital, an even larger private equity firm in Boston, purchased Varsity brands for $2.9 billion. Internally citing the advantage of the competitive moat that Varsity brands and Charles Bank had dug in less than four years, Charles Bank had realized $1 billion in returns on an initial investment of 300 million. Peterson in a subsequent deposition, admitted to personally netting more than $200,000 from the Bain acquisition. Through his participation while working at a supposedly independent organization in Varsity's employee stock option program, Peterson did not respond to a request for comment by the late 2010s.


It was not unusual for a family to spend more than $10,000 annually per child in all star cheer, including competition fees, uniforms, plane tickets, hotels and meals. Parents complained bitterly about rising costs. Fathers now attended competitions with a new T-shirt. My bank account hit zero. It was a double entendre. To hit zero means to perform a cheer routine without any point deductions. Mothers worked as couriers for DoorDash and Uber Eats during their daughter's practices. If that wasn't enough, they were ready to pay with their blood, sweat, and tears in crazy Moms of Cheer.


A Facebook group that today has more than 46,000 members, hundreds of mothers began posting about selling blood plasma. Can someone help a mama out and explain to me this plasma donation situation I see being commented about? One mother wrote recently who, what, when, where, why, and how much hashtag the struggle is cheer Gym owners were likewise hooked. Varsity gave gym owners a rebate for the money that families spent on competition fees and apparel. Once they met a certain threshold using two loyalty programs, the family plan and the network program, those programs annually doled out roughly $10 million according to court filings with some gym owners receiving more than $200,000 a year.


Gyms with less wealthy parents relied on those checks, but under Bain's ownership, the company watered down the payments, shifting some of the cash rebates into apparel credits, which flowed right back to Varsity. We can keep them coming back for the family plan crack. Jamie Parrish wrote to executives in August, 2019. Cons, sooner or later, crack hose turn on their pimp wanting more crack, better crack, and for less output. How do we fix this? Parrish suggested that Varsity reps could warn gym owners that if they continued complaining, the rebates might end, basically threaten the cheer community without threatening them.


Or he wrote. The reps could suggest that Varsity might go public with the rebates and in rage. Parents, most of whom were likely unaware that gym owners were discreetly pocketing some of the competition fees they paid. Lawsuits would later claim that while Varsity grappled with how to subdue gym owners and ring more cash from parents, both the company and cheer governing bodies were ignoring troubling and even predatory behavior at gyms, a problem that was about to spill into the open.


With Schwab investing themes, it's easy to invest in ideas you believe in. Like online music and videos, artificial intelligence, electric vehicles and more Schwab's research process uncovers emerging trends. Then their technology curates relevant stocks into themes. Choose from over 40 themes. Buy all the stocks in a theme as is or customize to better fit your investing goals. All in a few clicks. Schwab investing themes is not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock or investment strategy. Learn more at schwab.com/thematic. Investing


Support for this podcast comes from Ingrid. Tom Turnal runs an Ohio millwork company that was started by his father and employs his kids. I'm in favor of wind farms because I'm committed to attracting talent to our community and the school districts with wind turbines get resources that can make a huge difference in kids' lives, Lives. Since 2012, an Ang grid wind farm has strengthened the economy and contributes millions to the community each year. To learn more about where energy meets humanity, visit ang grid.com. That's ang grid.com.


On the morning of December 2nd, 2017, as Bain Capital was considering acquiring Varsity, Marlene Coda, a vice president at Varsity, was volunteering at a marathon in Memphis when she checked her email on her phone. Is this what Varsity stands for? She recalls the message reading. It was signed concerned Parent. Attached was a photo of a young girl kneeling in front of a teenage boy, his hand on her shoulder as she simulated oral sex. Obscuring her face was a placard that read Cheer. We are so major a reference to majors, a Varsity competition in a few weeks time.


Coda was a Varsity lifer having arrived in Memphis nearly 20 years earlier when Varsity poached her from her marketing job at Claire's, the accessories chain for tween girls. She had never seen such collegiality in a corporate atmosphere. I remember thinking all these people really like each other. Coda said of her first impression of the company. Coworkers shared babysitters, Greg Webb, Jeff's brother, and a longtime Varsity executive hosted company-wide Easter egg hunts and Halloween parties. When an employee struggled to make rent, she could walk into Greg's office where he advanced pay with a personal check.


Jeff Webb let employees borrow the corporate jet to fly home when they had medical and family emergencies. But now looking at the photo on her phone, she felt a tremor of apprehension. Both cheerleaders in the photo represented one of the company's biggest customers. Rockstar Cheer, a gym franchise based in Greenville, South Carolina. Scott Foster, who owned the gym with his wife regularly fielded top teams, and he cut a memorable figure with his fake tan and sleeve tattoos. Where at any other gym Koda might have written off. The photo is a CR joke gone awry, and yet because it came from Foster's gym, it was the latest clue for her that something might be amiss at his franchise.


Foster had come up with a generation of hard partying cheerleaders in the 1990s and two thousands. That period was an out of control frat party said DJ Jaeger, the founder of Cheer Updates, whose Twitter account dedicated to sharing cheer World News has nearly 250,000 followers except now in the 2010s. The revelers were older and they had money. Light beer and marijuana became martinis and harder drugs. Cheer insiders say A code of silence developed among coaches and d Varsity executives. Because so many people had joined in on the frat party, they were afraid to point fingers.


Patrick Cowherd, a gym owner who briefly served on the organization's National Advisory Board in the mid 2010s and others told me that Foster was often visibly intoxicated. The U-S-A-S-F knew about Scott Foster and these issues he was having. Cow Herd told me they were not interested in anything that could bring a bad light. Les Stella, the former U-S-A-S-F executive agreed. In his opinion, he said the governing body was preoccupied with protecting gym franchises like rockstar that were big money makers for Varsity. It's not good honest to say it, he said. Recently, Coda suggested to colleagues that Varsity should contact South Carolina law enforcement officials about foster arguing that the photo was evidence that his franchise needed scrutiny, but the reception among her coworkers was muted.


She says, Foster's gyms were a major earner for Varsity, which in 2006 had also purchased World Spirit Federation, a cheer company he founded with his wife during an early phase of its buying spree. Around this time, the U-S-A-S-F suspended Foster after video circulated online that appeared to show him drinking alcohol with young cheerleaders. A month after Coda flagged the disturbing photo, her colleagues took her out to lunch. Afterwards, she says her lunch mates retreated to their offices and shut the doors, which was unusual. John Newby, a top executive, appeared in Coda's doorway.


I never liked you. She remembers him saying Newbie was flanked by another longtime Varsity employee holding a manila folder. Coda cut him off. Nuh, she said. She called a lawyer. Don't sign anything. The lawyer said, don't say another word. Coda says, she was escorted out of the building in the freight elevator and her company cell phone account was killed before she made it out of the parking lot. The next day, human resources employees packed the contents of her desk into five cardboard boxes. She put them in her spare bedroom. In a statement, a Varsity spokeswoman denied that coda's firing was related to concerns she raised about Foster.


Coda had worked at Varsity for two decades. One of her children had cheered with coworkers, children, and their families vacationed together. But just as Krista Parks felt isolated from her friends after her catastrophic injury, Coda says her colleagues ghosted her the cult, as she called it, closed ranks. In the months that followed, Coda watched as photos of Foster at cheer events circulated online seemingly in violation of his suspension. On August 3rd, 2018, foster even uploaded a photo to Instagram of himself in Las Vegas with top Varsity executives and their wives.


In a 2022 Sport Aico article in which Coda was also quoted, Susan Crumpton. Then a Varsity spokeswoman said the U-S-A-S-F had taken appropriate action based on what it knew at the time. U-S-A-S-F notified Mr. Foster that he had been found guilty of violating numerous provisions of its codes of conduct in January of 2018. Trumpton said it is extremely important to bear in mind that no allegations of sexual misconduct or abuse were raised at this time. The industry's secrets would keep bubbling to the surface. In September, 2020, USA today began publishing a bombshell investigative series.


The paper found nearly 180 coaches, choreographers and others affiliated with cheerleading who had been accused or convicted of charges related to sexual misconduct, some of which had occurred at cheer gyms, but whom the U-S-A-S-F and USA cheer failed to ban from working in the sport. The investigations underlined for Coda Cow Herd and others. What they long suspected that both organizations had been more engaged in protecting varsity's market dominance than in keeping children safe. The details in a follow-up story were damning. USA today cited a former U-S-A-S-F contract employee who said that during her nearly two years working for the company, she and the organization's membership director were the only people tasked with investigating hundreds of abuse allegations.


She said she worked only a few hours a week. Months could pass before action was taken against coaches if it was taken at all. Many cheerleaders the paper interviewed received no reply from the U-S-A-S-F or became trapped in circuitous email correspondence with the organization that went nowhere. Reporting forms were 15 pages long when printed and required arcane knowledge of the rule or regulation the abuser had violated. Within days of the first USA today story, bill Sealey, the president of Varsity Spirit, sent a company wide email to assure employees that he was taking steps to improve reporting of cyber bullying, beefing up training for staff, working at camps, hiring independent experts to assess reporting mechanisms and making plans to better coordinate with USA cheer and the U-S-A-S-F.


But nearly a year later, USA today found that individuals U-S-A-S-F had suspended or banned, continued to participate in the sport. On a recent visit I paid to the USA cheer website. Links to the reporting forms were all dead. After being contacted by the Times A USA cheer spokeswoman responded that they were now functional. The U-S-A-S-F did not respond to a request for comment, but the organization maintains a list on their website of individuals who are restricted or ineligible from participating in all Star cheer and dance because of a pending investigation or sanctions.


Dana Storms a San Diego cheer Mom became a node in the Sports Whisper Network. Her Twitter inbox was seasonal. The busy time was the spring around the end of season championships. Children who were abused at those events or saw an old coach that triggered a memory finally decided to act. She says at those peak times, storms could get as many as 20 direct messages a week. Cheerleaders some as young as 12 asked how to report an abusive coach on the federation's convoluted reporting forms or how to find a lawyer. Other correspondents were middle-aged former cheerleaders recounting decades old abuse.


USA today did not publish a full list of the nearly 180 names. It uncovered and Scott Foster did not appear in the series. In fact, since Marlene Coda had lost her job, his Rockstar Cheer franchise had been thriving. Foster's elite teams dominated Varsity's championships and he exuded bravado. Don't worry about what I'm doing. He posted on Facebook worry about why you are worried about what I'm doing. Life was good. Then Jerry Harris, a fan favorite on the Netflix series. Cheer, was convicted of sex crimes involving minors.


That high profile case along with the USA gymnastics scandal and the Me Too movement helped lift the stigma and fear around reporting abusers. And now Foster had a real worry. In summer 2022 officials in South Carolina began looking into a report that Foster had sexually abused a girl in the area, according to a federal officer involved Weeks afterward, on the morning of August 22nd, foster got into a car with a vanity plate that read R-C-K-S-T-A-R and drove to a state park near his gym. He parked in the upper lot, pressed a Glock 17 under his chin and pulled the trigger.


When authorities reached his wife, Kathy Foster, she told them she was afraid that was going to happen. According to the coroner's report, her husband had a lot of secrets in a civil suit filed a week after Foster's death, more possible victims came forward, most of them teenage athletes at his gym. Among the allegations, foster and his wife maintained a house called The Rockstar House, where he and his coaches plied underage athletes with alcohol and drugs. Kathy Foster could not be reached for comment. One boy claimed that another coach at Rockstar House had forced him to watch pornography and attempted to engage in oral sex with him.


Others said that Foster would have sex with them when they traveled to competitions. The complaint named Varsity and the U-S-A-S-F among the defendants claiming gross negligence among other charges when complaints or reports have surfaced or social media images and videos circulate depicting illegal activity with minors. It read the defendants sweep it under the rug, do not report to any agencies, do not strip coaches of their eligibility, and often rally around coaches who have been accused of illegal conduct with minors, even ostracizing families who have complained or reported.


And now finally, the floodgates opened. Lawsuits poured in from cheerleaders around the country who charged that the U-S-A-S-F ignored or soft pedaled their reports of sexual abuse by coaches and choreographers. Carlos rpe Nikki Jennings coach in Florida was named as a defendant in civil litigation for supposedly failing to report the rape of an underage male athlete. RPE says that the gym reported the rape to the police and the U-S-A-S-F. Last month, RPE and other coaches settled with the accuser. Still more litigation followed groups of parents, apparel makers and gyms filed antitrust lawsuits, one of which echoed the claims leveled by Ella Marlene Coda, and others that the USA SFS mandate to protect athletes from sexual abuse had come into conflict with varsity's profit motives.


Varsity's exclusionary scheme attorneys for gym owners claimed had in feeble oversight efforts and allowed Varsity and the U-S-A-S-F to resist the demand to prevent sexual abuse in the industry. In 2021, attorneys representing gyms saw an interview that Coda gave on HBO real sports about the growing abuse scandal and called her at home to ask if she had any documents that might be related to their case. Coda went to the spare bedroom where she had stored five cardboard boxes years earlier. The Varsity employee who packed up her desk had made a mistake. Inside were voluminous journals and handwritten notes from her time at Varsity, some of which outlined the company's business tactics.


She handed them over in four major antitrust lawsuits. Lawyers combed through years of Varsity emails and presentations. They accused the company of building a monopolistic juggernaut that inflated prices for families and drove rivals from the business. In March, 2023, a judge rejected one of the antitrust cases, dismissing it with prejudice. That same month, Varsity settled a second class action suit from gyms and parents for $43.5 million. Analysts from the s and p Global had already assured investors that the settlement was a mere speed bump and would not result in any material structural changes to the company's operations.


This spring, the U-S-A-S-F Varsity and other defendants in the suit filed by plaintiffs at rockstar Cheer either settled continuing to dispute the claims or had their charges dismissed. Varsity, Bain and other co-defendants meanwhile settled the antitrust suit from parents and athletes for $82.5 million. As part of the settlements, Varsity agreed among other concessions to shrink the scope of the Stay Smart Hotel program to stop requiring that teams attend Varsity Run Cheer camps to be eligible for end of year championships and not to directly or indirectly pay the salaries of any U-S-A-S-F employees.


The U-S-A-S-F agreed not to disclose confidential information about a event producers to Varsity. Varsity claims that the U-S-A-S-F is now run entirely independently from the company and reaffirmed its commitment to the safety of its cheerleaders. Varsity Spirit's Mission is grounded in creating a safe and empowering activity for children and young adults. A spokeswoman wrote in a statement in the background, the wheels of private equity were turning. This summer. KKR announced that it would acquire Varsity brands. Those legal settlements now looked like exit tolls for Bain Capital.


It was a stunning turn of events. Bain, which had presided over a calamitous six years of scandal now seemed set to walk away with hundreds of millions, perhaps billions in profits. Big cheer was only getting bigger. DJ Yeager, the founder of Cheer updates, was among those who belatedly realized that the sport had become a line item on a private equity spreadsheet. Bain Capital was going to get their money one way or another. He said they don't care what the industry looks like after they're done with it. Bain did not respond to a request for comment by this point.


Jeff Webb was long gone from Varsity. After the Bain acquisition. He took another payout, but the company continued to slip from his grasp. The private equity firm rejected his efforts to put non Bain executives on the board. According to a court exhibit, Webb resigned in 2020 on a sweltering afternoon in June, I met Webb at the Midtown offices of the public relations firm representing him. He wore a Navy jacket over his broad shoulders and looked even younger than his photos. He had brought his lawyer, a former US attorney from Dallas to sit in on our meeting too.


Webb was charming, self-deprecating and beamed with a sunny optimism that befitted the country's cheerleader in chief. I had dozens of questions, but he had come prepared too with a notebook full of talking points. For two hours, he recounted the company's growth from his spare bedroom to sprawling cheer empire. At one point, he was moved to tears while reflecting on his good fortune. Speaking about the abuse scandals, Webb told me that one incident is too many. The USA gymnastics case had encouraged victims from all sports, including his own to come forward. I think it's a good thing he said, when I asked Webb about resigning from his company, he was quick to change the subject to his new ambitions.


The Olympics making cheer. An Olympic sport is the career capstone. He now craves the man who had testified that cheerleading was not a sport, was now the president of the International Cheer Union, pushing for cheerleading to be included at the games in Brisbane in 2032, Webb was riddled with contradictions. He had written a book that warned of the dangers of corporate monopolies, but he himself has been accused of creating a mighty one. He wanted to save the American middle class, and yet his company had transformed into a wealth extraction machine affecting those same families.


He wanted to expand cheerleading, but the rising cost of All Star cheer has flatlined participation as the costs have become unaffordable for many families. I reminded him that he boasted that Varsity had grown. 42 of the 43 years he ran it, but that growth had come from somewhere, specifically parents' pockets. Was that what he had in mind when he started the company? No. He said his face reddening exactly the opposite. I asked him what he wanted on his tombstone, father of cheer as he insisted on being called years earlier, or entrepreneur whose obsession with growth had delivered the sport into the hands of private equity.


The question seemed to catch Webb off guard. He shifted in his seat. He could never have gotten the sport to these heights without the private equity money, he said, but it had been a trap. Once you were on that treadmill, he said it's almost impossible to go back. And the prophets, he'd made millions, but Charles Bank and Bain made billions. He said cheer was too expensive. He admitted injuries were too high. Something had to change. I don't know what to say. He said. Finally, his face tightened into a smile. The mask of a cheerleader. I hope it works out for all concerned and still they come.


The minivans pull up after long drives and the families tumble out. Mothers lug garment bags with labeled pockets for bows and makeup. Gen Z girls voluntarily part with their phones and prep for their routines in convention center hallways and hotel bathrooms. They lock arms or meditate against walls or pray music, splits the air, and then they're off. All different sizes and abilities, all playing a crucial role. Stronger girls as bases, smaller girls flying up in the air, the more athletic tumbling on the mats. Fathers in custom jerseys lose their minds with delirium.


Girls land stunts and then celebrate backstage or wobble and fall and collapse into tears and group hugs. By evening, the hotel lobby has become a giant sleepover. Kids run around in pajamas, clipping hand painted spirit pins onto unsuspecting strangers, back pockets. Parents sip espresso martinis and swap videos of the days tumbles and stumbles all across America. This empire of cheer rolls on and then there are the broken and banished. After seven concussions and e rejection from the University of Hawaii Cheer squad, Nikki Jennings 23 still lives on Oahu magnesium pills help control her migraine like stingers.


She stretches to keep her hip injury from flaring up. When she walks into the gym where she works as a personal trainer, the thumping music opens a portal in her memory and she imagines she's flying through the air again, twisting and falling into her teammate's waiting arms. I let myself think about it. Jennings said her eyes filling with tears, but then I kind of just push on past Varsity. Spirit is too vast for her to contemplate, too big to take on. So Jennings does what cheerleading taught her to do. Focus on what she can control. Three days a week, she attends graduate classes online.


She's training to be a therapist with a specialty in victims of sexual abuse and grooming. This spring. During two weeks of in-person classes, an older classmate in her forties pulled Jennings aside. She had been a cheerleader herself. I know what you've been through. She said, nobody here gets it, but I do.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.