
If your small business is booming and ready to expand, you might say something like, it's Happening, boo. Yeah, Crushed it. But


If you need someone who can actually help protect your growing business, just say like a good neighbor or State Farm, he's there. And just like that, your State Farm agent can help you get the coverage you need for your new space, for your small business insurance needs. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


Well, this might actually be it. My last ever TikTok video. It has been fun. Here From The New York Times, I'm Sabrina Tavern Sea, and This is The Daily. Well guys, this might be the end of an era. Over the past few weeks, users of the popular video app, TikTok Brace themselves, I Made so many friends and memories on here. I'm gonna miss you guys so Much and I'm really gonna miss it. And I'm really gonna Miss you for a national ban to take effect. Oh no, it's actually going away. What the I, since I was like 10 This weekend.


It did. And the app went dark. Say bye. Hopefully we have a miracle and we get to keep TikTok, but it's not looking good for us. But less than 24 hours later, it came back crediting Donald Trump with flicking the switch. Thank you Soon to be President Trump. I know. I'm happy to be back. I'm sure a lot of you guys are as well. I love you guys, and I'll see you in the next one Today, my colleague, Sapna Maheshwari. I'm the biggest social media ban in American history and whether Trump can actually stop it.


Yes, yes. Now, wow. It's Monday, January 20th. Oh my God. Thank you, Sna. Welcome back to The Daily. Thanks for having me. So we're talking on Sunday afternoon, and this morning millions of Americans woke up to find that TikTok, the video platform with 170 million users was no longer working. The US government ban that's been talked about for months was finally here. But then as we were preparing to take this episode with you, the app went back online. You are a TikTok expert. Help us understand what's going on here. So yes, it was a huge deal last night when TikTok went dark, it stopped working for people.


Nobody knew what was happening. And you saw people posting tearful goodbye videos at first. Then you couldn't see anything. You saw the app store just start changing as people started rushing to this new Chinese app called Red Note. You saw people posting to Instagram on Instagram reels on Blue sky, just turning to everywhere they could to share how stunned and shocked they were Essentially fleeing the app because they could no longer post there. Yeah, exactly. It was like digital refugees, just trying to figure out where do we go to post now that this app that we use so much is suddenly gone. But then 12 hours, that's how long this lasted. Do you know how stressed I've been Around 12:30 PM today?


The app came back, TikTok back. But yeah, If you haven't heard, we're back now. Just ignore the last week of everything I've been saying And people have been freaking out. They're really excited. And mind you, I slept through it, But the situation is really fluid. We don't know what's going to happen. We're talking early afternoon Sunday, and when I wake up tomorrow, I really don't know what the situation will be. Okay. So let's talk about how we got here. And I'll remind listeners that TikTok is owned by by Dance, which is a Chinese company. It had tried to fight the ban all the way to the Supreme Court. Tell us what happened. Right. So last year, Congress passed this law saying that TikTok had to be sold by Byan, their owner to a non-Chinese company.


And this law offered this deadline to make sure that Byan and TikTok did it said it has to be sold by January 19th, or some sort of talks have to be underway or the company will face a ban in the United States. And what was the thinking behind making it sell the company? So for years, lawmakers have had these national security concerns around TikTok. They're kind of in two camps. One, they've said that US user data could be handed over to the Chinese government based on laws that apply to companies in China. The other piece of it is lawmakers have said that there's a chance that TikTok could spread Chinese propaganda to millions of Americans without their knowledge.


And the government's had these concerns for years dating back to at least 2020. And this is the first time they really passed a law that was going to do something about it. And the company, as I remember from your telling, actually objected on the basis of free speech. That free speech meant that it should be allowed to continue operating. But on Friday, as you're saying, the Supreme Court actually decided against the company and upheld the ban, which of course brings us to the situation we found ourselves in this morning. That's right. TikTok said from when this legislation was first introduced, that they would beat it, that it was unconstitutional, that it violated the free speech rights of TikTok users in America, and they gambled all the way to the Supreme Court.


And astoundingly the Supreme Court decided on Friday unanimously that the government had the right to implement this law and to ban TikTok if it didn't sell. And so what happened after the court made that decision? The court comes out with this decision on Friday, January 17th. This law is supposed to go into effect two days later on January 19th. So Saturday night users of TikTok start seeing this popup message appear. And it says that specifically we are fortunate that President Trump has indicated that he will work with us on a solution. So TikTok is saying that Trump is gonna fix their situation, which is kind of confusing because Trump was against TikTok in his first administration.


That's right. This is a complete turnaround from how Trump felt about TikTok in 2020. We're looking at TikTok. We may be banning TikTok, we may be doing some other things or a couple of options. So If you rewind your memories back then Trump was very anti TikTok. And here's the deal, I don't mind if, Whether it's Microsoft or somebody else, a big company, a secure company, very, very American company by it. And he said that it needed to be owned by American companies and he tried to ban it. It can't be controlled for security reasons by China. Too big, too invasive, and it can't Be.


And he brought up the same national security concerns that we've heard from lawmakers recently. They were really focused on the data. He said Beijing could find a way to get us user data from TikTok, and that was unacceptable. So he wrote this executive order trying to ban the company, but it actually didn't hold up in federal courts. They said essentially he didn't have the authority to ban TikTok at the time, but this idea never went away. And his efforts actually gave rise to this law several years later that we're looking at now that basically demands this sale or ban of TikTok. Okay, so Trump actually inspired the law we're talking about today.


That's right. So this law was inspired by Trump, and the company was really caught flat-footed. It had been hearing talk of a ban for years, and it had thought it was in pretty good shape heading into the new year. They had fought back a sort of ban effort the year before President Biden joined TikTok around the time of the Super Bowl. But then this law passes and the company scrambles. It's trying to figure out how to protect its huge operation in the us Its thousands of employees. The US is its biggest market, and they think of Trump. They think of him as someone who, despite his efforts in 2020, might actually be willing to go to bat for the company this time. But why is that though? I mean, Trump again, we've said was the original naysayer on TikTok.


Right. So Trump had seemed to kind of change his tune on TikTok. He'd spent a lot of time in the past bashing one of the company's big competitors, which is Meta, which owns Facebook and Instagram. And clearly President Biden was willing to sign this law and the company was thinking, you know, maybe you should try, its luck with a new Republican nominee. So they decide to go after Trump. How do they woo him? So the big player here is this conservative billionaire donor named Jeff Ya. He's a big Republican and it turns out he owns about 15% of by dance shares. So he has this big stake in the future of TikTok.


And we know that he had talks with Donald Trump at some point in March of last year, around that time. Trump goes on CNBC and he's got a different message about TikTok. I could have banned TikTok. I had it banned just about, I could have gotten it done, but I said, you know what? But I'll Leave. I didn't. She's saying yes, I'm, I'm aware of the security risks, but it shouldn't be banned. The thing I don't like is that without TikTok you can make Facebook bigger. And I consider Facebook to be an enemy of the people. And you know, maybe there's another solution and, and I don't want Facebook's business to really benefit from the loss of TikTok. Frankly. There are a lot of people on TikTok that love it.


There are a lot of young kids on TikTok who, who will go crazy without it. And it's this really big change from what we'd seen in the past. Okay, so this was the moment of Trump's full conversion to TikTok. Yeah. And it leads to kind of the summer of Trump on TikTok. As I thought of it. The President is now on TikTok to my honor. He joins TikTok itself and becomes this huge hit in about June of last year. I love no tax on kicks, by the way. No tax. He's a total sensation. He got 3 million followers in a single day. POV, 100 days left before President Trump delivers another knockout.


Got A good stay. It goes way past Biden. Who's the nominee at the time We're nation in decline. Nobody is safe. Absolutely nobody. We're gonna be a strong nation again. We're Gonna be. And a bunch of his family members joined TikTok. And it feels like there's this turn on TikTok, where conservatives see this as an invitation for them to join TikTok and to start making accounts and posting there. You gotta get out and vote. We want to save our country. We are the only one gonna save it. That other group of people, they're gonna destroy our country. We can't let that happen. Go out and vote for Trump. So fast forward to November, Trump wins. TikTok looks pretty smart in all of this wooing. And now here we are on the eve of Trump's inauguration and everything's really up in the air with the app.


If we're looking at the letter of the law, what are Trump's options here? So legally there's not a lot of options. This law was designed to get by Dan and TikTok to sell, and they basically had nine months to get this done or to start talks. And it seems like there's nothing on the horizon, but there is a part of this law, a sort of magic button, a piece of the law that says that he can push all of this out by 90 days if Congress approves, as long as there's a qualified buyer. I mean basically someone who's willing to buy the company and real talks are underway. And so there's a chance that maybe this could push out the ban and and keep it from ever happening.


But of course that requires a buyer Will be right back.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


And now a next level moment from at and t business, say you've sent out a gigantic shipment of pillows and they need to be there in time for international sleep day. You've got at and T 5G, so you're fully confident, but the vendor isn't responding. An international sleep day is tomorrow. Luckily at T 5G lets you deal with any issues with ease. So the pillows will get delivered and everyone can sleep soundly, especially you at and T 5G requires a compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G network.


So Sapna Trump says he's gonna be TikTok savior, he's gonna kind of negotiate a deal. What do we know about prospective buyers? Tiktoks big problem for selling this whole past year has been this big question, which is what exactly is for sale? And let me explain that a little more. So basically tiktoks algorithm is what makes it what it is. And that's the technology that fuels the videos that people see when they open the app. The magic of seeing something that is suddenly so funny or just totally suited to your interests. The tiktoks of the app is the algorithm.


And it's really unclear if that's for sale. And that's because tiktoks been saying for the better part of a year that it can sell largely because it's not quite sure that China would allow it to. And that's because in 2020, China put out this list of technology that can't be exported without the government's permission. And it seems like the TikTok algorithm is a part of that list. So Given all of that, has anyone actually shown up to buy it? So despite this for sale sign on TikTok from last year, there hasn't been a whole lot of activity, but some names have been floated. There's been speculation that Elon Musk who bought Twitter might have the money to buy it. And then there's this billionaire named Frank McCort who used to own the Dodgers, and he said he's interested in buying TikTok too.


He's teamed up with people like Mr. Wonderful of Shark Tank. Okay. And he said that he wants to buy TikTok without the algorithm. And what does that mean? Basically he thinks he'll be able to buy it and find a way to recreate sort of the engine behind it, but he really wants to get access to the users and he's offered a pretty low price for it, about $20 billion. A lot of people have found that to be maybe not the most serious offer for what TikTok could really be worth, which some analysts have said, you know, around a hundred billion dollars or more. Wow. So the algorithm is critical to the value of the company and we still at this point don't know whether China is willing to let go of it.


That's right. It's been the huge question mark hanging over this from the very beginning. And there has been a lot of signaling happening, and this is where it's gotten really interesting. The CEO of TikTok, Chu has said he wants to figure something out. And Trump posted something last week, the same day of the Supreme Court ruling where he said he'd just gotten off the phone with President Xi Jinping from China saying that they had a long discussion and TikTok was on the list of things that they wanna solve together. And we're also seeing that Trump has developed a little bit of a relationship with the CEO of TikTok. He's invited him to the inauguration and the Chinese vice president is also attending the inauguration Asab.


Now what is that? What is Trump doing there? I mean, inviting the CEO of TikTok to attend his inauguration. I mean, it seems to be a clear sign of support for TikTok from this public statements that Trump has been making in the past week. He wants to be seen as the savior of TikTok, the person behind bringing this app to Americans and and giving them something that, you know, brings them joy from day one of his presidency. Okay. So both sides here are really signaling that they want to deal Trump and China, but each side seems to have a different vision of what a potential fix through that deal would be, right? Like for China, presumably a deal might be okay if it didn't include the algorithm.


That's right. And I mean, it really raises the question of what else could be involved in these negotiations. I mean, up until now, the positions have been pretty clear. No export of the algorithm otherwise, no TikTok in the us. And so what kinds of elements could be brought into this negotiation, into this discussion to get TikTok running in the US Again, we really don't know, Does Trump have any other tools in his toolbox? There's so many legal questions around what he could actually do. I mean, just to remind you, this is a law passed by Congress, signed by the president, and now upheld by every justice on the Supreme Court. So this is gonna be a little bit of a pressure test of the US government in the coming days.


And Trump has been posting online even today about a sale, but it's really unclear what the specifics might be and Whether it would actually comply with the law. Trump has said that he could issue an executive order that basically delays the federal ban while he tries to negotiate some sort of a deal. E experts I've spoken with aren't even sure if that holds up legally already you're seeing some dissent among senators in Congress who feel that, you know, apple, Google Tech companies should be helping to uphold this ban. So ultimately, I mean this was done by design. The lawmakers who wrote this law wanted something bulletproof.


They wanted something that couldn't be wiggled out of, and they wrote a law that they believed really served those ends. And now we're going to see, you know, how can this actually stand up if the president has decided he may not like this law. So Sapna, what's the future of this? Because on the one hand you have Trump about to take office and you know, he's preparing to bring a bunch of tariffs, it seems like down on China's Head. On the other hand, you have Trump talking about saving an app that the whole US establishment from Congress to the Supreme Court has determined is a threat to our national security. So how's Trump gonna thread the needle on this?


I mean, the future of this app is still so up in the air. Just in the time that we've been talking TikTok that's now offering a popup message that's thanking Trump for saving the app. Oh my goodness. So that's new from when we started recording, Literally in the time that we've been talking. Ugh. And we really just don't know what's going to happen this week. And this does feel like quintessential Trump, welcome back to the Trump administration. He is the rare politician that can kind of hold a contradiction like this. Look what he did in 2020. Look what he's doing now. For so many TikTok users, they don't care about the China of it all. They, they want the app back.


The last 12 hours have been really hard for a lot of them and they're hoping that it doesn't go away again. But it also raises this other big question, which is, you know, if TikTok does go away, what does that mean for the future of the US and China relationship? Two countries that rely on each other so much? It's incredible to think that this app, which up until now has been known for dances and recipes and fun and entertainment may also be remembered as a real turning point in an increasingly fraught relationship between the US and China.


Sna. Thank you. Thank you. I hope the news doesn't keep going for you. I hope you have some of your Sunday. I'm not counting on it. And as of today, TikTok is back On Sunday evening. Trump took credit for the ban being lifted in a speech in Washington dc. Can you believe what I'll do to win an election? And we went on TikTok In the speech. Republicans have never, he bragged about his popularity on the app and suggested that the saga was now settled. So I like TikTok, I like it, I like it.


I had a slightly good experience, wouldn't you say? We'll be right back.


Life is full of exciting moments. Whether you're buying a new home, opening an account as you welcome a new family member or planning for retirement, you need a bank that's there when it matters. At Atlantic Union Bank, you'll find helpful people and digital tools to make banking for all of life's moments a little easier because you deserve a financial partner who cares as much as you do. Call, visit us online or drop by a branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


I'm Jonathan Swan. I'm a reporter at The New York Times. You know, when people think about the media, your favorite podcast, you know, cable news panels and different things. I think it's fair to say that myself and my reporting colleagues at The New York Times exist at the more unglamorous end of that spectrum. Our job is to dig out the facts that provide a foundation for these conversations. These facts don't just come out of the ether. It requires reporters to spend hours upon hours talking to sources, digging up documents. Also, if the story is a story that a powerful person doesn't want in print, there's threats of lawsuits and all kinds of things. So it's a really massive operation. There aren't that many places anymore who invest at that level in journalism without a well-funded and rigorous free press, people in power to have much more leeway to do whatever the heck it is that they want to do.


If you think that it's worthwhile to have journalists on the job digging out information, you can subscribe to The New York Times because without you, none of us can do the work that we do.


Here's what else you should note today. A ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas took effect on Sunday as part of it, three Israeli women were released from captivity in Gaza and reunited with family members in Israel, the first hostages to be released as part of the first stage of the deal. The hostages were seen being handed over from the Red Cross to Israeli troops. They then had emotional reunions with their families at an Israeli hospital. The start of the initial phase of the deal was delayed by almost three hours to 11:15 AM local time after Israel said it had not formally received the names of the first three hostages to be released.


The corresponding release of 90 Palestinian prisoners, mostly women and minors, took place after midnight on Monday in the West Bank in Gaza, Palestinians honked car horns and blasted music to celebrate and began returning to their homes all across the enclave. Today's episode was produced by Eric Rekey, Diana Wynn, Michael Simon Johnson, and Mary Wilson. It was edited by Brendan Klienberg and Mark George with help from Maria Byrne Contains original music by Alicia Ba Etu, Rowan Neau and Arian Lazano, and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Rundberg and Ben Landsberg of Wonder League. Special thanks to Aaron Boxer Erman. That's it for The Daily. I'm Sabrina Tavern. See you tomorrow.