
Support for this podcast comes from Alvan Grid. This is definitely a blue collar community, and I'm kind of a blue collar guy. Rick Seal Scott didn't see himself as a farmer, but wasn't about to sell his grandparents'. Ohio Farm and Alvan Grid Wind Farm pays millions to the community, and landowners like him each year Farming's up and down. But the wind turbines give us steady income. We're holding onto the farm and we're making money, and I would absolutely do it again. Discover where energy meets humanity@avgrid.com.


From the New York Times This is The Interview. I'm David Marca. When I was in college, I had a poster of Al Pacino in Scarface hanging up on my wall. And I know that a Scarface poster is up there with Bob Marley and Dark Side of the Moon as far as cliched dorm room arc goes. But I promise that my love for Pacino and that movie were real. The sheer bravado he exuded as Tony Montana was irresistible, and especially for me at a time in my life when bravado was, let's just say, not exactly my default mode. Also, like a lot of people have that poster. I just thought it looked really cool.


I came to Pacino's work in kind of a backwards way. I fell in love with his acting when I was a teenager in the nineties, and that's when he was regularly popping up in pretty mainstream movies like Scent of Woman and Heat. I didn't yet fully appreciate him as an icon of 1970s cinema who helped bring a new level of emotional intensity and realism to screen acting. But those seventies roles are of course where Pacino made his name. Think of the frazzled yearning, Sonny Warick in Dog Day Afternoon, the tormented cop of Serpico and the morally compromised Michael Corleone from The Godfather movies. These are roles that all shined a bright, empathetic light on what it is to live an emotionally conflicted life.


And that's not even mentioning his work in the theater to which he's periodically returned over the years. His Shylock in Merchant of Venice is the single best stage performance I've ever seen. Over time, I've learned that there's an Al Pacino role that has resonated with every phase of my life and learning that has been one of the real pleasures of getting older. Pacino himself is now 84, and he's finally written a memoir called Sonny Boy. And reading it, I realized that I didn't actually know that much about the man whose performances had moved me so much. So I wanted to talk to Al Pacino about anything and everything, his childhood, his approach to acting, how he thinks about money, the fact he almost died not that long ago.


And I hope that understanding the person behind these characters would help me understand why he's meant so much to me. Here's my interview. Very long awaited with Al Pacino. I'm David. I'm the schmuck who's gonna be asking you questions. Oh, You're the writer. Yeah. Yes. Oh yeah. I thought, I thought, yeah, that guy looks like a schmuck. He must be a writer. No, no, I didn't. You know, I, I saw an interview with you from just a couple years ago where you mentioned that you'd been asked to write a book before and you didn't wanna do it because you thought the prospect of it seemed kind of torturous that it would be too difficult to go back through your life.


Here we are. You've written a book. What changed? Well, Nothing. I regret it. I regret it. Like, what else can I say? I have many regrets, but this would be one of 'em who needs to be out and about in this world, you know, putting yourself up as in yet another day for another target. I mean, waking up in the middle of the night having tremors. I mean, it's, it's really scary. You say break out in the cold sweat said, oh my, I shouldn't have done this. I shouldn't have said this. You know, you say all those things, but I was telling the truth. That's all I know. So in the book, you write about this quote that that's meaningful to you.


It's, I think it's from one of the Flying Wallendas, the famous Daredevil family. Oh, yeah, yeah. For people who don't know, share the quote. The quote is, life is on the wire, the rest is just waiting. And so for you, acting is the wire. Yeah. That's the place where life is most vibrant and alive. Yeah. And the thing that I wanna understand as a non-actor is why that is, you know, in acting, you get to rehearse, do another take. If something doesn't go well, if you mess up, it's not the end of the world in real life. You don't get to rehearse, you don't get new takes.


And the consequences can be a lot scarier. Yeah. So why, for you is acting where life happens? Well, because somehow I felt as though my life was saved by acting my existence, because I knew that I could do something. It was just like having been able to play the, the harmonica or something. Or look at, look at Buddy Rich, the drummer, my God, who was at Carnegie Hall listening to him at a Frank Sinatra concert. And he went on before Frank and the audience, I'm saying, oh, a drummer, we're gonna hear a drummer.


I heard of him, but I said, I don't want hear a drummer. I want, I want Frank. You know, so I was sitting there, somebody, a drummer solo. What, what can that be? And it was one of those great moments in my life when I knew it, because when he was finished and when he took his two sticks, and then he got to the point, he just left you with the silence. And everyone in that house, I mean, everyone stood up and start screaming. I found myself screaming. That's what he did. 'cause he did it his whole life. Who knows what. So Sinatra comes out afterward, and he looks at the Crown and he says, 'cause he must have been about 65 Buddy Rich that was an older man doing that.


And so when he get, when Frank came out, he said, see what happens when you stay at a thing. And that thing was acting for you. That's what you're saying. Yeah. And, and with Buddy Rich was the drums. And when Sinatra was singing, and, and you, you, you see how that, how that matters. You have to have the desire. You know, there's a great, I don't know if you've ever seen this. I'm, I'm gonna go on a bit of a tangent. There's a fantastic interview between Marlon Brando, who I just, I'm semi obsessed with him and Dick Cavitt from the early seventies. And Brando says, eh, acting people are acting all the time.


There's no difference between what I'm doing and what you Dick c doing. You're saying what you have to say to, in a convincing way to try and achieve the objective. And Dick Cavitt says, well, you know, he just brushes off. So there's no way that you could equate what I'm doing with what you Marlon Brando are able to do. And you can tell Brando, I don't know why, but at some point he's soured on the idea that acting was this special endeavor. And he said, you know, everyone's an actor. It's glorified lying. That's what it is. What do you make of that? I think it's glorified telling the truth. Yeah. It's different, you know, and, and I think what truth you're going for, I don't even know, but it's not lying. It's finding the truth.


You write in the book about sort of what a, a bolt from the blue Marlon Brando was when he came along. And then you also mentioned sitting in a theater and watching the graduate. And, and I think the way you put it was, you know, you're watching Dustin Hoffman break the speed of sound barrier in that film. But do, do you think since that time, have you seen anyone who you thought sort of did something new in acting Well Of our time in the seventies? I don't know. It, it, a lot of us, I think were, were influenced. But I, I have to say all with all modesty, all the modesty I can muster.


When I was a kid, 13 years old, I remember finishing a performance of a play I was in. And I don't know whether I did well or not in it. Who knows? This guy comes an older man, an adult comes up to me, say, kid, wow, you are the next Marlon Brando So. you see, there's the thing, you know, you say, and people throw things out. Like, who's the best one? Marlon himself would say, I don't wanna know the best. There is no best. He was an original. He was an original who was like him. Do you think you were original? I just could say offhand. I, I don't think so.


I don't know. I don't wanna be, you know, I just, I'll be honest as, as I can be. But I don't know. Let me ask you a very specific question about one of your performances, because Yeah, please. You know, I, I went back and re-watched a ton of stuff that I, poor Guy. So in incent of a woman, okay. You know, there's the big climactic monologue, you know, that if I was a man I was five years ago, I'd take a flame thrower to that, that place. So, so the aspect of that, I'm just picking this as one example of a thing that you are able to do that is, I find so compelling as an actor. So you're giving that speech, and even in the space between words, we can see little micro emotions just sort of flash across your face.


You know, it's, you're, you can telegraph that Colonel Frank Slate is having thoughts in those moments, even when he's not saying something. Oh, That's right. Yeah. And I think, is that something that your unconscious control of, or is that just you are exuding something in the moment that is beyond your control? Yeah, That's the word. It's the latter. I, I, I would say that's what happens. It's, I I have always felt that to free the unconscious to allow that freedom. That's what my favorite quote of Michelangelo's free me of myself, lord, that I may please you.


That freedom. That's the whole idea of relaxation and everything else, which is once you get into that freedom, the unconscious goes to work. I just heard the other day that someone is able to hear, they hear the, the big bang. You can hear it. Yeah. That's what they've done. I mean, and I, when I heard my son told me, I, I, I couldn't believe it. I felt so great. And he says, you wanna hear it? I said, no, no, no. Just the idea that it's out there and it's kinda muffled. It happened. We're real, we exist. This is the greatest thing that can happen.


What a, what information. I went to bed high just from that. But as far as your question goes, I know I go off on things. Lemme tell you pal, You know, an actor was telling me that he attributed this to something that he, he thinks Meryl Streep was quoted as saying, which said, you know, every good script has a scene that makes the actor think like, ah, how the hell am I gonna do that? Yeah. So what's an example of a scene that really you thought, how am I gonna pull that one off? Oh, let me see. I, I know I've had that feeling before. How I'm, when we get to that, what's gonna happen?


Oh my God. What about killing SSO and Godfather One? Was that one of those scenes Sso? No. I mean, that's easy. Killing something. I Mean, you know, I just don't want the gun to go along, you know? I mean, yeah. You just go there and, and I mean, my, my friend Charlie told me Your friend Charles Lawton. Yeah, My, yeah, my friend Charlie Lawton. How, how you gonna go in there and, and tell be the dawn of all these guys, these great actors, like Val and all, you know, all these people that met around that thing, you know, I was just a homeless a couple of years before that.


So I said, well, I mean, you know, do I, I don't have a, it's in the script. It, you know, I mean, I tell somebody, you're out. You're out. You know? I mean, I don't even say a million ways. You don't go, you're out. See, it's like, Wait, do it three different ways right now. Show me Ella, do do your out three different ways. No, I just don't do that. Actors don't, it's like say, well, you Don't like it when they say Act Monkey. I say to you, interview, interview, go. Let me see you interview, not me. Tell me about your childhood. Tell me about that childhood. You, what's Your heartbreak? I can do it. I hate to be shown up like that.


Well, you know, in the book you say that directors have insulted me throughout my life. Yes. Yeah. Oh yeah. Many of them have. And you Tell me one, many People have many. Oh, I give you the great director. Oh, well, was his name, the guy directed the great, you know, Mozart film? You Ade Ade. Yeah. Milosh Foreman. Milosh Foreman, you know, he's so great. And I'm having dinner with him, a few people. He just came, how do you do this fucking Scarface? You do dog day afternoon. Then you do the fucking Scarface, you know?


Well, said it. Who My favorite lament, Sidney Lat said, Al, how do you go in there and do that crap? And he was so mad. And I kept thinking, I, I don't feel that way. So, you know, if I, I felt, I, I, I, I, I actually, I, I love their passion. I have to say that I'm not being like some Mother Teresa. I said, You're being nice. No, I'm not being, Somebody says, how do you do that shit? You say, I love your passion on it. Yeah. You're enlightened. Yeah. And, and thank God merciful that I can say today, it's one of the biggest films I've ever made.


Yeah. Scarface. You know, it's interesting that you mention Scarface because it keeps Going. When I think of Scarface, I wonder if in some ways it's, it's not purely in terms of your acting style, a a pivotal movie for you. Scarface was the first time you, you kind of really went operatic over the top. Yeah. The question is, if in doing that it changed something about your acting or open something up in you. Because if you look at the roles you, you do after, I feel like you're much more likely to sort of go big Yeah. Than you were Before. Yeah. I got that reputation.


Do you think Scarface opened something up in you or, or sort of changed what you did in some fundamental way? Well, I, I, you know, like I even say to look, I'm sorry. Some of the early stuff I did in school, 14, 15 years old, when I did, it was in those place. That was still the best work I ever did. Or when I did the best work, it's not the best work. It simply was the most inspired work I had done. You know, I didn't know what I was doing. The Most inspired your work you did was a 14 or 15-year-old kid? I think so. I think so, because I was so in it. And that that's what, that's why the teacher came, talked to my mom and came to my house to tell her about me.


And, and, and that she, I should pursue this thing. And that was when I was in high school performing arts. And I, first, first things I did were absolutely absurd. And the kids in class were laughing when I would perform. But as, as time went on, I got the little bit of the drift of it. And I did some things. But what I'm getting at is Scarface was done that way. Scarface came from away a place that was different than anything I'd done before. That's true. You must get ACT directors who have said to you at some point thinking about other performances, you've done something to the effect of, give me more Al Pacino.


What do you think they're looking for when they say something like that? Go louder? I don't know. I couldn't tell you. I mean, bring it up to, I don't know. Nobody's ever said that. Oh, they did say, you know, things to me in the theater from time to time, and I had to adjust to directors When say things like what, Well say things like, you see somebody, one director came up to me once when I was young. You have to understand, I was young here. And he came up to me and said, you see the character did this, and the character comes in and then, you know, he's feeling this way here and he does this. So I said to him, I just, I mean, he said, well, you seem to really relate to this person.


I said, he said what? I said, yeah. I said, maybe you should play 'em dead silence. I don't like that kind of talk. That, that, that kind of talk is, you know, a director's directing you and is helping you with your part is telling you how to do it. I don't understand that. Then why did you cast me in the first place? Well, what's a great note that you got from a director? One of the best notes I ever got was from Lee Strasberg when we were doing Injustice for All. I came in and I was doing a scene, and, and then Lee just leaned over to me. He said, darling, you gotta learn your lines.


Seems like good advice And great advice In the, in the book. This is an offhand line in the book. You say, there's the general belief that I'm a cocaine addict or was one. I've never heard that before. I, I don't know. I assumed it. I, I made a mistake. These assumptions is what? It's gonna kill everybody. Because assumptions turn into opinions. I heard it somewhere. They're shocked when they find out I don't take cocaine. I never took it in my life. It's the kind of drug that a person like. But Who's shocked? Who are these people? Oh yeah, I wish I knew. But you know, the, I have a grapevine over at my house and that's where I get it.


I'm not the kind of guy to take Coke any upper. I don't need, I'm A clearly Yeah, yeah. In a bunch. Your movies, there is, there is really an opportunity. Usually it's a monologue. Yeah. Yeah. Where you just really get to do your thing, you know? So I mentioned Send of a woman has that, or, oh, remember in City Hall there's the great speech. Oh yeah. I choose to fight back or, yeah. Yeah. Any given Sunday, you know, inches. The, the difference we live it a diet or I keep, oh, a devil's advocate, right? There's God, oh My God, He's an absentee landlord.


But when you, when you see those parts in a script, some part of, you must know, when I get here, I am gonna give the thing that people want. Right. E Exactly. Right. Yeah. That's what they came for. A lot of people, a lot of people don't like it, I must say. And I sometimes go too far, I think, and I don't think through it enough. It comes to me a little easier. 'cause I love words, you know, I love to say words and I, I really do think I can, I can do it some, taking it down a bit. I really do it. It's a confession, but hey, if it's ham, as long as it's not spam.


That's what they used to say. Al, I, I also want to ask you about the subject of money. Yeah. Because in the book you write about growing up really poor and, and also about how, I think it was in the two thousands, you lost a bunch of money because your accountant ripped you off. And before that, it sounded like you were, let's say, spending Lustily, I think Oh yes, yes. Three or $400,000 a month was the figure you gave, you said your, yeah. Your landscaper was getting $400,000 a year. Yeah, yeah. And all of that made me think, what is this man's relationship with money? Oh No, you don't wanna know. It may be catching In what ways You'll go down the drain for sure. But in what ways did growing up the way you grew up, where money was not readily at hand, do you think shaped your relationship later on with money?


You know, I'm the kind of person, I think that if I don't understand something very well, I just avoid it. There's no sense. I, you know, if I, if I, I have a need to learn it, you know, actually, you know, my, my father who I, you know, I didn't know really. He was an accountant and a very good one, apparently. And he, you know, so he sort of knew he'd have to, wouldn't he? I mean, but I, I, I moved away from that only because I, I I, I was always into my work or other kinds bad things that had nothing to do with money except, you know, you know, a fool.


Whatever that saying is, that was very applicable. Oh, a fool in his money or soon parted. Yeah. I soon parted. Also, you write in the book about how, you know, you just were started to take more roles often because you, you know, they're paying gigs. Everybody, fool. Yeah, of course. And, and my question about that is how do you calibrate how much of yourself to put into a performance in that type of circumstance? Because, you know, it's one thing if you're doing, you know, Serco or Dog Day afternoon or even Sea of Love, it seems to me it would be impossible or foolhardy to put the same amount of energy and detail into, I don't know, righteous kill or 88 minutes or something like that.


So is there like a conscious calibration that happens on your part? Yeah, there would have to be, but everything I do, I, I try to do the best I can in it. I, so that would require certain things. And you know, people maybe sometimes will scratch their head and says, what is he doing? Why are you going through all these, you know, machinations in order to do this role? I mean, and I understand that, but that's the way I've always worked. You see? So I approach these things like, okay, what can we do with this? So, and finally, I, I enjoy the whole idea. I, or maybe make myself enjoy the whole idea of being in the editing room or the afterglow or the, you know, after you do it, you have to then fix it.


You know? Sometimes I would actually even put my own money back into this film I did for money. You know? So I would do that in, in the effort to see if I can get it to mediocre, then I would be accomplishing something. And I ne I never did. And I have to say about films now over, I don't know, I, to me it feels like the last 20 years, but pretty much films are changing because of the streamers. Yeah. How so? Well, there, there, there's more work for everybody, but the quality of it has changed a little bit. And just in it, 'cause it's an output.


And for one thing, things seem to be a little more rushed, which means everything is operating on a, I don't wanna call it a treadmill, but on that, that thing that goes through the, you know, Charlie Chaplin film or what is that thing? A con Like a conveyor belt. A conveyor belt? Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, you, you, you know that you are a part of something and sometimes some of those movies, you, you try to bring them to a level where, where you are trying to find what's most interesting in a film to bring it out and to expose it and, and allow it to flourish.


That's what you're after. So that it communicates. I was reading Richard Burton's diaries. You ever read those? Yeah, No, I did a little bit. I did. I love Richard Burton. Yeah, I know you love him. And, and in his diaries it, he, he really suggests that he felt like he underserved his talent by acting in a bunch of stuff that was beneath his skills. Is that a concern that you ever had? Or how did you guard against it when sort of in the nineties and beyond? You then said, I'm not just gonna sit around for years waiting for the perfect role. I'm gonna just take stuff. And sometimes the stuff's probably not gonna be blue chip, but I'll try and make it as good as I I can.


Yeah, yeah. But, but is there ever a concern that you, or was there ever a concern that it might tarnish the gift to take material that maybe wasn't at the level you were capable of? I really don't think so. I think I looked for something that would, that I could relate to and that I would feel inclined to wanna play it. That, that feeling comes to, to say, I wanna, I have an appetite to do this. See athletes, it's clear with, you know, You lose your fastball. Yeah. You lose your fastball. You don't get down at first as quickly.


You know, your eye is not, and, and you know, you're, you, you're going, or you know, sports have that, but the actor has other roles. They can go to other roles that, you know, are you, you know, you, you, you say, I'm doing Lear, I'm doing King Lear, I'm doing an adaptation or a film of Lear and I want to, and, and I'm trying to stick to those kinds of things because I went through a period of time and I, you always do in this, you see it. Everybody has it. Other actors have it in my position too. They do things sometimes, sometimes for financial reasons, but sometimes also because you just don't wanna sit around and you wanna find something that can be busy.


I'm sure other actors would say other things about their interpretations of different things they did. Yeah. Some actors can't articulate things. I was one of them. I'm still am. In a way, there's sort of a kind of a thing about articulating what you're doing is, is if you're being found out, you know? That's why I didn't care for interviews much when I was younger for a Long time. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because I thought what they did is they exposed a part of you that then people reflect and, and, and then when they see you on a character, they think, you know, now they all think, when is Algan yell? I bought that ticket for to yell.


Is he yelling at me? I need it. I need someone to talk to me that way. But what changed your mind then that made you feel comfortable pulling back the curtain by doing interviews and things like that? Why did you change your mind? Well, I mean, I could, I could relate it to Picasso for one thing. Picasso, they did this great documentary on Picasso and he, and he's, he goes and he makes a painting and you see him make it, and then he takes it and he holds it up beside him. And there's Picasso and there's the painting.


And it's like, you have two people there. You know, it doesn't matter 'cause the painting exists. That's what I thought. And I think it made me think a little bit, it made me think, well, you know, if Picasso can do that, wow. You know, I'm this person that you're seeing now. And, and I think I'm partially, I'm doing an interview. I'm not this way when I go downstairs, I'd be, I wouldn't have any friends and I'd be, you know, I I I, I don't see it. I, I, I, but I, I do feel also doing the book has opened me up a little bit too. You know, I'm, you care a little less as you get older too.


I don't mean to bring that in, but you do, you sort of say, Hey man, you know, say what? You have to say what, what's, you know, what happened? Well, so, ha ha Has, has aging been comfortable or uncomfortable for you? God, I don't know what the hell aging is. It seems absurd and crazy. I don't even understand it. Yeah. I wish I had something. I, I sometimes say, you know, why can't I find some steroids around? It won't kill me. You know? And, and, and you know, I I'm just thinking about who would I know that has steroids and keeps living with them. You know? I, because I took some, when I had the bad Covid the first time I had it where I sort of You almost died.


Yeah. Well, They, they said my pulse was gone. And I thought that's enough. But I thought it was so like, So, you here, you're not, you're here. You're not. And I thought, wow, you don't even have your memories. You have nothing. Strange part Towards the end of the book. You know, there's, there's a couple very moving passages about your youngest son, Roman. Yes, yes, yes. And and you're, and you're sort of musing about he's what, one, one and a half, something like that. Yeah. He was less than that when I was musing about him.


You know, you know, he's coming to the world a little more now, you know, he's learning things. How much of the desire to set your story down was about wanting him to be able to know what your life was. I don't know. He, he will, I mean, you know, that's, that's the way the world, whatever, whatever, which way the world goes, you know, if we're talking about 20 years from now, who can speak to that? I mean, that's, I can't, can you predict anything now? Well, I just wondered if some part of you is thinking you wanted to have your story in your words for him, because he's so young now, and Well, That's one of the reasons.


Yes, of course. Yeah. Yeah. And that has been a, a, a campaign for me to get a little older. You know, I am stick around a little longer if it's possible. But I gotta say, you know, just, and this is probably more sort of psychoanalysis than you're interested in. Is it not possible that on some level, having a child at 83 years old is a reaction to the recognition of your own mortality? Wow. That was something, I don't know. I have to think about that.


I got four children, you know, so I'm happy about that. But no, I, I, I don't know. Maybe I, I don't even understand it. Understand what, Well, you know, like when I saw the little baby there and, and, and the way he was, you know, you just, you look at it a little differently now, you know, you look at it like, what, what is this? This is so amazing. That's why I was so excited by the hearing, the Big Bang. I thought, my God, I'm not gonna die.


I don't mean literally. I mean, spiritually. Look at that. There's something out there that's bigger than us. You can't say better because you don't really know them, but something's out there going on. That's more than we understand. Stand. Let me ask you one last one for this time. Yeah. If I were gonna go away and figure out how to play Al Pacino In your life or in a movie, Either one, what's the secret to portraying you? Well, I think you should just go to some of those metal houses and study some of those people there.


After the break, Al shares more about his near brush with death. I opened my eyes and everybody was around this first time that ever happened. And it said he's back. You know, he's here.


This podcast is supported by the PBM Accountability project. There's consensus in Congress. Real PBM reform is needed. Now both sides agree. We need to improve transparency, break the link that allows PBMs to tie their profits to the price of the drug. And force PBMs to share discounts with seniors. Call Congress today. Tell them to finish the job and pass bipartisan Senate bills 29 73 and 34 30. America's seniors are counting on it.


They're not writers, but they help their clients shape their businesses'. Financial stories. They're not an airline, but their network connects global businesses in nearly 180 local markets. They're not detectives, but they work across businesses to uncover new financial opportunities for their clients. They're not just any bank. They are Citi. Learn more at citi.com/we are Citi.


Hi Al. Hi. I, you know, I have a, a handful of questions. Some are, are follow ups to stuff we talked about before. Some are different, but, Oh, I love it. I, you know, we started to talk to each other, and you're gonna find, as we all find, we're in different moods. Every time we speak, every day I change. Well, how, how's your mood today? I have a mood that seems a little bit better than the last time we spoke, and I don't know why. I feel I'm, I might be a little more articulate today, wishful thinking, but I, I think I might Well give it a shot and see how it goes. But, you know, I'm, I'm Thinking about, okay, sure.


Yeah. I'm, I'm thinking about how you had made this kind of offhand comment earlier about how you're not the same guy talking to me as you are when you go downstairs in your house. And, you know, if, if you were that same guy, you wouldn't have any friends. But I wanna know, how is the guy downstairs in your house different from the guy talking to me? Who's that guy? I'm sorry, but I, I can't answer a question like that. I don't understand what you're talking about. Actually, I, I don't, I really don't. I I, I'm in the moment and whatever's in the moment is who I'm okay. When I'm going down the stairs. I'm obviously thinking of other things, but I have to really think about falling down the stairs.


These are the things I think about it when I'm sitting and thinking about some, you know, I, I have a lot of things I can think about. I have, you know, four kids. I have all kinds of projects and, you know, I'm occupied. I don't know what else I could say. I, the guy I'm, I am now is talking to you. Yeah. I guess, you Know, I, I I, it's the subject that matters. I I don't, you're asking me an impression of what I'm, I don't, do you have an impression of what you are? Oh yeah, for sure. Really? Well, you objectify yourself.


Okay. I, I, I don't think about that. Sometimes I even see myself in the mirror and I get a little shocked at first. I, that happens. Well, you know, it's interesting for me to hear, say that. I know You're, you're, you're, you're getting at something. You started getting at it When, when did we speak this week or, Yeah, a couple days ago when, Oh, okay. You started getting at this very thing. And I thought, I don't know what this guy's doing, where he is taking this thing, but I, I am sorry. I don't know how to comply. Oh, no, you don't need to apologize. I think the thing I'm getting at or trying to get at is when you said back to me, like, do you sit there and have some, like, objectify yourself and think I know who I am, and I said yes.


And I wonder if that's the difference between someone who's an actor and someone who's not. Maybe someone who's able to inhabit other personalities. Yeah. Has a greater sense of malleability about, I I, I, I actually had that thought when I asked you. I said, I, I, I think maybe he might be thinking because I'm an actor, that I inhabit other characters. I, I don't know. You know, you call on there, there are some actors who are more or less, you know, mimics. They, they're, they're more on the mimic side. And there are others that it's, it's a form of mimicry in some way.


You know, you're, you're pretending to be somebody else, but you're not, then you're not pretending anymore. You absorb it enough times and you become it. But that requires a certain amount of focus and acumen and, and time and patience. Everything to me is time. It's time. It's like anything, you know, you paint your house and you start painting and you start painting one of the rooms, and then you go and move again, and you paint another room, and then you paint that room again. And then what happens is the way you painted the first time, the first room, by the time you've painted about 40 or 50 of them, you're a different painter.


That's what I think. Wait, but you're working on a film adaptation of King Lear, which is obviously a Yeah, I'm a mountain of a role. It and one you've never played before, right? No, I've never played it. I've stayed away from it forever. Yeah. Tell me why you've stayed away and why you're taking it now. Well, why I'm taking it now is I've been, you know, people have been encouraging me to do it. 10 years ago, I remember thinking I had no interesting, and then I started reading it all the time. And I saw it a few times too, and I got to know it. And, and it wasn't until I realized things I, I got older and some of the things that I, I, I, so not that they're easier, but I understand them more.


Well, So how are you understanding Lear? Yeah. I can't talk to you like that. I understand Leah, but that's my secret. I wanna go back to your covid near death experience. Oh, good. I know you described this a, a little. I love that. I love to revisit that. Let, let's revisit the time you almost died. Yeah. Let, just tell me about what happened. Well, I'll tell you what happened was I, I felt not good. Un unusually not good. And I had a fever and I was getting dehydrated and all that. So I, I, I got someone to get me a nurse to hydrate me.


I, I, I was sitting there in my, in my, in my house and I was gone like that. So, you just went from consciousness to no consciousness. Absolutely gone. Yeah. So then they looked at my, at my pulse, and I didn't have a pulse. It probably was very, very low. And they didn't, they got panicked right away in a matter of minutes, I guess, or whatever it took. They were there ambulance in front of my house. And I had about six paramedics in that living room. And there were two doctors and they had these outfits on that looked like they were from outer space or something, you know?


And so it was kind of shocking to open your eyes and see that I opened my eyes and everybody was around me this first time that ever happened. And it said he's back, you know, he's here. Well, did that experience sort of have any sort of metaphysical ripples for you? Yes, it did. It actually did. I didn't see the white light or anything like that. I, I, there's nothing there, as Hamlet says it to be or not to be, you know, the unknown country from who's born, no traveler returns. And he says two words no more.


It was no more. And I, I don't like that. But there's no more. It's gone. You're gone now. I started thinking about that and I never thought about it in my life. But, you know, actors, it sounds good to me to say I died once. It felt like death. What is it? One, there's no more. I mean, you, you do have, you do have this body of work that you know, that people will be going back to for at least a little while. Is that consolation at all? Well, yes, and the kids, you know, having children at all is, is a consolation and it's natural, I guess, to have a different sort of view of death as you get older.


You know? It's, it's just the way it is. I didn't expect it. I didn't ask for it just comes, it's like a lot of things just come, Well, I, I don't wanna linger in morbidity, but I don don't find this morbid man. No, but I have one more, perhaps slightly more of a question, but, you know, your, your youngest son, like when you're not around, what performance of yours should he watch to, to see what his old man was capable of? I think he, I think he should start off with Adam Sandler. Oh, Jack and Jill. What was Jack? Jack and Jill. I think that's funny.


Adam Samuel is just the greatest guy, and he's just become a great actor. And I, I really enjoyed so much his company. And it came at a time in my life when I needed it, because it was pretty much after I, I found out I had no more money because my, my, my, you know, my accountant was in prison and I needed something quickly. So I took this, there's this thing I do in that film they got me doing is they Dunking Donuts commercial, you know, only people think I actually made that commercial.


I mean, it's just so unfair. You did, you did it, you did the role. What whatcha doing? Yeah. I, yeah, but afterward, at the end of it, I say to Adam in the scene, when I say to him, this does not go on this. No, he says, no. I said, just know it won't go on. I won't put it on. But he put the film on and it's always been all over the internet. I thought it was funny that you, you know, you said your, you thought your best performances that you ever gave when you were, when you were a kid, like 14 or 15 because you felt so free. Do you, you feel freer now at 84 as an actor than, than before?


Or, You know, it always depends on a, a couple of things. Depends on the rule. It depends on who's doing it with me. It depends on who's, you know, directing it. I, I do feel free with it. And usually when I make films, I'm not very happy doing them. I just, they're, they're, they're, they can be tedious. But I found the new, as soon as I found a camper that you can, like, go to your camper, just sit there and do whatever you want. I even get television in there.


It's like, oh, you know, the camper taught me how to watch tv. What do you watch on TV Now? You can't get me away from television. Yeah. What do watch or I go to YouTube. YouTube or anything and everything. You know, there's so many things on YouTube. I mean, you got Ipsen, you got checkoff, you got Sternberg all on, all on the internet. I even like TikTok when I see it from time to time. Some of the things just TikTok. Yes. I mean, I saw like a 14-year-old girl who was deaf a whole life, and they do something with her and she's actually starts to hear for the first time about that.


And sometimes the rescue, the dogs and rescue you watch the guy go in there and bring this beautiful, sad dog back to being somewhat, You're such a softie, Aware of things. I, well, I love that stuff. Are you gonna join TikTok? Absolutely not. I don't even, I wouldn't know how, first of all, well, who do I call up? I wanna go all the way back to the beginning. I got the sound of the Big Bang queued up for you. Are you ready to hear it? No. Please don't give it to me. Did you find it? Yeah. Oh my God. Oh, please don't give it to me.


I don't wanna hear it. I don't wanna hear it, man. It it, it gets me so stirred up. I can't even hear it. I'm terrified of it, but I love it so much. It's there. Something started this something started it. But hearing the fact that, that, that you are there, you are there. And, and that's the, that's the amazing thing about it. I I, I, I just saw, I saw the whole opening. Oh, my, I'm gonna do Leah like that.


That's Al Pacino, his memoir Sonny Boy publishes on October 15th. This conversation was produced by Wyatt Orm. It was edited by Annabel Bacon, mixing by AEM Shapiro. Original music by Diane Wong and Marian Lozano Photography by Philip Montgomery. Our senior booker is Priya Matthew and Seth Kelly is our senior producer. Our executive producer is Alison Benedict. Special thanks to Rory Walsh, Renan Borelli, Jeffrey Miranda, Nick Pittman, Maddie Maci, Jake Silverstein, Paula Schumann, and Sam Dolnick. If you like what you're hearing, follow or subscribe to The Interview wherever you get your podcasts.


And to read or listen to any of our conversations, you can always go to ny times.com/ The Interview and you can email us anytime at The Interview at ny times.com. I'm David Marsi. And This is The Interview from The New York Times.


This podcast is supported by the partnership to fight chronic disease. We're working to fight Alzheimer's disease and science is advancing to help innovative FDA approved treatments can slow early disease progression, giving people more time with loved ones and to live independently. But Medicare is taking that time away. Limiting access to these treatments and saying review of new data will take years. That's time families cannot afford. Medicare must do better. Learn more@pfclz.org.