
ICF works with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on, I ICFs. Data driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com


From The New York Times. I'm Rachel Abrams. This is The Daily. A few days ago, the Trump administration began blowing up America's existing approach to ending the war between Russia and Ukraine by embracing Russia and Snubbing Ukraine. And that shift has quickly turned into a broader assault on America's relationship with Europe. Today. Moscow Bureau Chief Antonovsky on how it's all adding up to a stunning victory for Vladimir Putin and a major setback for the ones ironclad alliance between the US and Europe.


It is Monday, February 17th. So Anton, during the presidential campaign, Donald Trump vowed to end the war in Ukraine, and this past week he has turned his attention to that conflict, but in a way that has been really scrambling the picture, not just for Ukraine, not just for Russia, but really for all of Europe. So tell us what that has looked like from your perspective. I mean, it's been a really extraordinary week when it comes to the Ukraine War, the transatlantic relationship and us kind of all discovering what Trump's second term in office is really gonna mean in terms of foreign policy because it already feels so different from his first term.


The first hint that something was gonna change came early last week when surprisingly the Russians released Mark Fogel, an American school teacher who had been in jail in Russia to get him out. Steve Witkoff Trump's Middle East Envoy actually flew to Moscow and then later brought him home on his plane. That was the first time that a senior American official had traveled to Russia since before the war. Hmm. So that was the first thing that happened. Then on Wednesday, Trump speaks to Putin on the phone. It was a 90 minute call according to the Russians.


And just the mere fact of this call was really remarkable. It was the first time that we know of that an American president spoke to the Russian leader since Russia invaded Ukraine three years ago. Right, because Biden's strategy was to isolate Putin both diplomatically and economically to put pressure on him. Yeah, exactly. It was about sanctions. It was about don't talk to Putin, show Russia, that the fact that it launched Europe's biggest war of aggression since World War II was absolutely unacceptable and made Moscow a capital that was just not to be dealt with diplomatically.


And in addition, it was all about showing a United Western front. The US under President Biden was very, very careful to coordinate all of its steps with the Europeans just to show Putin that he wasn't gonna be able to divide and conquer when dealing with the West. And Trump's call, which was clearly not pre-coated with America's allies, broke that precedent as well. So tell me more about this call. What did they talk about? So I think you really have to read Trump's social media post about this call to really see how remarkable it was. So Trump wrote that in this call, he and Putin both reflected on the great history of our nations and the fact that we fought so successfully together in World War ii.


And then Trump added that he and Putin had both agreed that they wanna stop the war in Ukraine and that President Putin even used Trump's quote, very strong campaign motto of common sense. And Trump writes on social media after that call that he will then call President Valdi, Zelensky the Ukrainian leader, to inform him of that conversation with Putin. So first he calls Putin and then he calls Zelensky to let him know how it went and what they discussed. Wow. So the message here from Trump is really, I'm gonna sit down at the negotiating table, I'm gonna make the decisions and then I will inform you Ukraine of what I've decided.


Exactly. Which was yet another major departure from the Biden administration's approach. The Biden administration's philosophy that they repeated over and over was nothing about Ukraine without Ukraine. And here Trump threw that completely out the window. And what did Zelensky have to say about all this? So he later said that he, in his call with Trump, that same day on Wednesday, he told Trump that Putin was a liar. Someone you couldn't trust, someone who did not actually want peace and someone who could deploy Russian troops beyond Ukraine.


At the same time, Zelensky was saying publicly that a strong America, a strong Trump could pressure Putin to make the kind of peace deal that Ukraine believes would be sustainable. So he really tried to kind of put a positive spin on it. But I think it was pretty clear that just the speed with which Trump appeared to embrace making a deal with Putin to end the war really caught everyone off guard, including Ukraine. And that same day, Pete Hegseth, the new US defense secretary, gave a speech in Brussels.


And what did Hegseth say in that speech? Well, good afternoon friends. This is my first Ukraine defense contact group and I'm honored to join all of you today. This was really, he debut in Europe as the head of the Pentagon and he was speaking to NATO and European defense ministers in Brussels. We Want like you a sovereign and prosperous Ukraine. But we must start by, He said that a return to Ukraine's borders from before Putin annexed Crimea in 2014 was an unrealistic objective.


A durable piece for Ukraine must include robust security guarantees to ensure that the war will not begin again. That said, the United States does not believe that NATO membership for Ukraine is a realistic outcome of a negotiated settlement. He also said it was unrealistic that Ukraine would join nato and he said that There will not be US troops deployed to Ukraine If there were to be a peace deal. American troops would not be part of any peacekeeping mission to make sure Russia didn't invade.


Again, President Trump looks forward to working together to continuing this frank discussion amongst friends and to achieve peace through strength together. Thank you. So to step back for a second, all those things that Hegseth said were, you know, something that many people assumed behind closed doors, but it was just stunning to hear Hegseth make those concessions publicly before any kind of negotiation with Putin actually took place Already giving away the store Exactly before you even got to talks.


And so those concessions that Hegseth made, that put Europe into an incredibly tough spot because how do you guarantee Ukraine's security and deter a renewed Russian invasion at some point down the road if the US isn't involved? You know, Russia's military is huge compared to any European country, and obviously their nuclear arsenal is, is far greater than anything that Europe has. So that speech really put into stark relief how much of a problem Europe was gonna have in finding a way to face down Russia and Putin without the US at its back.


How was all of this received this call between Trump and Putin and the Hegseth speech? Well, I think it's fair to say that in Moscow there was quite a bit of elation in response, the Russian stock market was up more than 5%. The ruble, the Russian currency strengthened. You had all these pro Putin politicians posting on social media about how like this was such a big win for Russia. And it showed Putin's status as a brilliant foreign policy strategist in Europe. There was both shock and confusion. You know, Pete Hegseth tried to walk back parts of his speech the next day. Trump said that Ukraine would be involved in the talks.


So on top of just the shock, you also just had people not really understanding what exactly the approach of the administration was gonna be to Europe, to NATO, and to Russia and Ukraine. And all of this was happening just before the Munich Security Conference. This big annual gathering of security officials started on Friday in Germany and JD Vance, the vice president, was scheduled to give a big speech. So there was a lot of hope, or at least expectation among Europeans that Vance when he stepped up to that podium, was gonna clarify where exactly the administration stood on these issues.


We will be right back.


ICF works with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on ICFs, Data driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy, just use indeed. Join the 3.5 million employers worldwide that use Indeed to hire great talent fast. There's no need to wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash nyt. Just go to indeed.com/ny right now and support our show by saying you heard about indeed on this podcast indeed.com/ny terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


So Anton, you've just painted a picture for us of how America's allies are feeling really confused and concerned in this moment and that there was some hope that the vice president would offer some clarity about Ukraine. Did that happen? It did not happen. And the fact that it didn't was really yet another stunning moment of last week. Well thank you and thanks to all the, the gathered delegates and luminaries and media professionals. So, you know, Vance gives this speech at the Munich Security Conference. It's like this massive event, probably the most high profile security forum globally, where you have tons of heads of state, prime ministers, defense ministers, foreign ministers in the audience.


We're Happy to be here. And you know, one of the things that I wanted to to talk about today is of course our shared values. And you know, it's, but Instead of talking about Trump's foreign policy, he launches into this extensive criticism of Europe. The threat that I worry the most about vis-a-vis Europe is not Russia, it's not China, it's not any other external actor. And what I worry about is the threat from within the retreat of Europe from some of its most fundamental values, values shared with the United States of America.


You know, a Europe that in his telling has departed from its democratic roots Sense that they intend to shut down social media during times of civil unrest. The moment they spot what they've judged to be quote, hateful content. It's actually a picture of Europe that very much echoes what we've been hearing from Vladimir Putin over the last few years. You know, he's long been criticizing Europe for becoming too woke for silencing speech. And I really do believe that allowing our citizens to speak their mind will make them stronger still. Which of course brings us back to Munich where the organizers of this very conference have banned lawmakers representing populous parties on both the left and the right from participating in these conversations.


Now again, And you know, and even more remarkable was the fact that he was doing this in Germany with the big national German election less than two weeks away. And where the German far right party is hoping to make big gains. And of course the German far right party, the alternative for Germany has been very much ostracized across the political spectrum in Germany for its links to neo-Nazi ideology. And wow, its attempts to whitewash the Nazi past. If you're running in fear of your own voters, there is nothing America can do for you.


Nor for that matter is basically The vice president of the United States is saying to his European allies, longstanding European allies, that Russia isn't the problem. Here you are. Exactly. And Vance here is signaling the possibility that America will no longer be that key ally of Western Europe and the European Union that it was for all those decades after the end of World War ii. We shouldn't be afraid of our people, even when they express views that disagree with their leadership. Thank you all. Good luck to all of you. God bless you. And on top of that, we also learned during the Munich Security Conference last weekend that the Trump administration does not expect Europe to be at the table when peace talks around Ukraine Finally take place.


We heard from Keith Kellogg Trump's envoy to Ukraine say that the Trump administration expects Russia and Ukraine to be at the table. They expect the United States to act as a mediator, but that the Europeans probably won't be there. Hmm. And it's worth pointing out that it would be pretty striking for Europe to be excluded like this. You know, they European countries have contributed more than a hundred billion dollars by some counts more than the US has in total to Ukraine over the last three years. So they clearly have a huge stake in this too. Okay. Basically it sounds like Europe's out, but Ukraine is in, Well, maybe, I mean there's so much uncertainty right now.


In fact, we're actually continuing to see signs that Ukraine's involvement is in question. Just this weekend we learned that three top US officials, Marco Rubio, the Secretary of State, Mike Waltz, the National Security Advisor, Steve Whitcoff, the Middle East Envoy, are all going to be in Saudi Arabia to meet with Russian officials about the war in Ukraine. And for all we know Ukraine won't be there. So in that sense, it's not a surprise that when Vladimir Zelensky was on Meet the Press on Sunday morning, he was insisting that Ukraine did need to be involved.


Okay. But just to ask a really basic question, how do you end a war in Ukraine without Ukraine at the table? Well, that's a great question. It it is true, Rachel, that the US is Ukraine's biggest ally, and Zelensky himself has said that if the US were to pull its aid, it would be very difficult for Ukraine to survive as an independent country. On the flip side, Putin has also made it very clear that he wants to be talking to the us. You know, he sees Zelensky government as a puppet of Washington. So there is clearly space here for conversations between the US and Russia to happen.


It would just be pretty shocking for those conversations to happen without Ukraine being a part of them. But the second issue is that even if Russia and the US were to make a deal here, you know, you would still need Ukraine to agree to it, you would need Ukraine to agree to stop fighting. And Zelensky has said very clearly that Ukraine will not accept a deal that they were not a part of in negotiating. So the big question if these negotiations get more serious is gonna be how do you thread the needle between Putin's demands and what Ukraine would need?


You know, Putin is demanding not just to keep the territory he already has, but he also wants influence over Ukraine. He wants Ukraine's military to be limited. And then on the other hand, Zelensky and the Ukrainians are saying they need security guarantees, they need assurances that there will be a response if Putin were to try to invade again down the road, they need deterrence against Russia. And so how to thread the needle between those two things, that's clearly gonna be really hard and that's what we'll be watching from here. So obviously we know what Zelensky thinks Ukraine wants and what Ukraine needs, but I'm curious about average Ukrainians do.


Do we know how they feel about the war and peace talks and all of this? Well, we know from our colleagues in Ukraine that there's extremely deep skepticism across Ukraine that Putin can be seen as a good faith negotiator. At the same time. You know, If you look at our colleagues reporting from Ukraine, you see there's intense fatigue with the war there. The war has lasted almost three years now, which would've been just so unimaginable. If we think back to the beginning of 2022, obviously tens of thousands of Ukrainians, both soldiers and civilians have died.


And so what you've also been seeing over the last year or so in Ukraine is a higher readiness according to the polls, to make some kind of compromise with Russia. Anton, I feel like it's worth taking a step back here and just reckoning with what a head spinning week this has been. We've basically seen the United States embrace Russia over its longstanding allies. Yeah, I mean it's it's still early, but you're right, it really feels like a moment where that world order that we were all used to has has started to crumble. Right. Most people listening to this show have grown up in a world where it's a given that the United States is aligned with Europe.


Yeah. You know, there were clearly pretty major bumps along the way that we can remember, but I struggled to remember a week like the one that we just saw where JD Vance, Pete Hegseth, and Donald Trump himself just shook the foundations of that transatlantic alliance so intensely. And you know, If you think back to Putin and the beginning of his invasion of Ukraine, in many ways, this is kind of what he wanted to achieve. You know, before Putin started his invasion, I don't know If you remember, he presented this ultimatum to the west saying NATO needed to withdraw from Eastern and central Europe and really give Russia its European sphere of influence.


Back at the time that seemed like a ludicrous demand. The West dismissed it out of hand. But here we are three years later and really kind of talking about many of the things that Putin demanded, Look, make, make no mistake, the cost of all this to Russia has been just extraordinary. Maybe a hundred thousand or more Russians have died. Something like a million have fled the country. The economy has been stretched to its breaking point. Obviously just the moral cost of having started Europe's biggest war of aggression since World War II is hard to fathom. But if Putin through these peace talks is able to settle the war more or less on his terms, that'll be something he presents as a big victory and an even bigger victory will be if at the end of all this, he gets the US to walk away from Europe.


Anton, thank you so much. Thank you, Rachel. We will be right back. I


ICF works with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges Head on. ICFs driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy, just use indeed. Join the 3.5 million employers worldwide that use Indeed to hire great talent fast. There's no need to wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash Just go to indeed.com/right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast indeed.com/nyt terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Here's what else you need to know today. On Sunday, lawyers for President Trump asked the Supreme Court to let him fire the head of a federal agency that safeguards whistleblowers and enforces certain ethics laws. The move is the first test of the White House's broader challenge to limits on presidential authority and the ability of a president to fire the leaders of independent agencies that are meant to be insulated from politics. Today's episode was produced by Rob Zko, Alex Stern and Moj Sadie. It was edited by Maria Byrne and Patricia Willens contains original music by Dan Powell and Pat McCusker and was engineered by Chris Wood.


Our theme music is by Jim Brumberg and Ben Landsberg of wanderly. Special thanks to Steven Erlanger. That's it for The Daily. I'm Rachel Abrams. See you tomorrow. ICF works with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on ICFs.


Data driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.