
Welcome to the Huberman Lab Podcast, where we discuss science and science based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Dr Teo Soleymani. Dr. Teo Soleymani is a double board certified dermatologist and dermatologic surgeon. He did his training at Stanford University and he was a clinical professor of dermatology and dermatologic surgery at UCLA. That is the University of California Los Angeles. Today we discuss all things related to Skin, Appearance, Skin, Health, and skin longevity. For instance, we discuss Sun Exposure and the impact it can have on both the Appearance and health of one's skin.


In reference to that, we discuss sunscreens, which ones are safe, which ones perhaps elicit a bit more concern or perhaps should be avoided. And we discuss the surprising relationship between Sun Exposure and Skin Cancer. We discuss laser treatments for the skin, both for the Appearance of skin in order to make it appear more youthful as well as to prevent certain forms of Skin Cancer. We discuss retinoids, we discuss supplements and Nutrition. All in reference again to Skin, Health, and Appearance. Thanks to Dr. Soleimani incredible depth of expertise, as well as clarity of communication about the dos and do nots that relate to Skincare and Appearance, and to avoiding and treating skin cancers.


By the end of today's episode, you'll be armed with an immense amount of knowledge that is the very latest in our understanding of How to Improve and protect your skin. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the Sponsors of today's podcast.


Our first Sponsor is ROKA. ROKA makes eyeglasses and sunglasses that are the absolute highest quality. I've spent a lifetime working on the biology of the visual system, and I can tell you that your visual system has to contend with an enormous number of different challenges in order for you to be able to see clearly from moment to moment. ROKA understands all of that and has designed all of their eyeglasses and sunglasses with the biology of the visual system in mind. ROKA, eyeglasses and sunglasses were first designed for use in sport, in particular for things like running and cycling. And as a consequence, ROKA frames are extremely lightweight, so much so that most of the time you don't even remember that you're wearing them, and they're also designed so that that they don't slip off even if you get sweaty. Now, even though ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses were initially designed for sport, they now have many different frames and styles, all of which can be used not just for sport, but also for wearing out to dinner to work essentially any time and any setting. I wear ROKA readers at night or ROKA eyeglasses. If I'm driving at night and I wear Rocha sunglasses in the middle of the day, anytime it's too bright for me to see. Clearly, my eyes are somewhat sensitive, so I need that. I particularly like the Hunter 2.0 frames, which I have as eyeglasses and now as sunglasses too. If you'd like to try Rocha, you can go to rocha.com/huberman to get 20% off your purchase. Again, that's rocha.com/huberman to get 20% off.


Today's episode is also brought to us by Joovv. Joovv makes medical grade Red Light Therapy devices. Now, if there's one thing I've consistently emphasized on this podcast is the incredible impact that light can have on our biology. Now, in addition to sunlight, red light and near infrared light have been shown to have positive effects on improving numerous aspects of cell and organ health, including faster muscle recovery, improve Skin Health and wound healing, even improvements in acne, reducing pain and inflammation, improving mitochondrial function, and even improving vision itself. What sets Joovv Lights apart and why they're my preferred Red Light Therapy devices is that they use clinically proven wavelengths, meaning it uses specific wavelengths of red light and near infrared light in combination to trigger the optimal cell adaptations. Personally, I use the Joovv handheld light both at home and when I travel, it's only about the size of a sandwich, so it's super portable and convenient to use. I also have a Joovv whole body panel and I use that about three or four times per week. If you'd like to try Joovv, you can go to Joovv spelled JOOV v.com/huberman. Joovv is offering an exclusive discount to all Huberman Lab listeners with up to $400 off select Joovv products. Again, that's jew, JOO vv.com/huberman to get $400 off select Joovv products.


Today's episode is also brought to us by Helix Sleep. Helix. Sleep makes mattresses and pillows that are customized to your unique sleep needs. I've spoken many times before on this and other podcasts about the fact that getting a great night's sleep is the foundation of mental health, physical health and performance. Now, the mattress we sleep on makes an enormous difference in terms of the quality of sleep that we get each night. We need a mattress that is matched to our unique sleep needs, one that is neither too soft nor too hard for you, one that breathes well, and that won't be too warm or too cold for you. If you go to the Helix website, you can take a brief two minute quiz and it asks you questions such as, do you sleep on your back, your side of your stomach? Do you tend to run hot or cold during the night? Things of that sort. Maybe you know the answers to those questions, maybe you don't. Either way, Helix will match you to the ideal mattress for you. For me, that turned out to be the dusk mattress, DUSK. I've been sleeping on a dusk mattress for gosh, no more than four years, and the sleep that I've been getting is absolutely phenomenal. If you'd like to try Helix, you can go to Helix Sleep dot com slash huberman. Take that brief two minute sleep quiz, and Helix will match you to a mattress that is customized to your unique sleep needs. Right now, Helix is giving up to 25% off mattresses and two free pillows. Again, that's Helix Sleep dot com slash huberman to get 25% off and two free pillows.


And now for my discussion with Dr. Teo Soleymani. Dr. Soleymani, welcome. Thanks for having me. It's awesome to be here. I'm very, very privileged to be here. Thank you. Oh, well, it's an honor to have you. Let's talk about this amazing organ we call skin. So skin of course covers our other organs. It's its own living biological entity, and just for sake of educational purposes into frame, the rest of what we're going to talk about, how much turnover is there in our skin? Meaning the skin that I'm wearing right now, is that going to be 100% 50% of the skin that I'm going to be wearing a year from now?


I'm 49 years old, so Well, you look great for 49, so whatever you're doing, keep it up. So the skin's an amazing organ, just like you said, it's the largest organ and the largest dynamic organ we have in our body. You have new skin, brand new skin every 28 days, so the surface of your skin turns over about every month. Now the stem cells, which are in the lowest portion of our epidermis remain and they generate the skin cells, but you have brand new skin the same way you have new gut lining every 28 days. It's amazing for many reasons, because the skin is one of the few organs that can regenerate because of this.


So you can grow new skin, you can test things on skin. If your skin gets injured, it will regenerate and heal itself, whereas many other organs cannot do that. And because of this, it also allows us to use it as a model platform for studying diseases of all kinds. So skin's an amazing organ, and I mean, I guess I'm biased, but Well, I find a 28 day turnover just to be incredible. The skin, as I understand it, is innervated. That is, it receives connections from the nervous system. So I think for many people, they're interest in skin is Skin Appearance, although we will also talk about Skin Health.


But in terms of Skin Appearance, how much does stress short term and longer term stress impact the Appearance of our skin? And how does that work? I could imagine that the neurons release certain things into the skin. Does stress make our skin age faster? Does that mean it turns over more quickly or turns over more slowly? Maybe you could link these two aspects of our biology for us. Yeah, that, that's a great question. So in order to understand that, we have to just look at the, the structure of the skin. So the skin generally is three layers, the epidermis, the dermis, and the subcutaneous fat and the dermis is where most of the biologic activity resides.


That's where our blood vessels are. That's where the nerves that innervate sensation and movement reside. That's where our hair follicles, oil glands and sweat glands reside. So stress has two components. There's what we call acute stress, meaning stress that happens within a short period of time. And then there's long-term stress or chronic stress, and both have different processes in the skin. and you see the results of stress both immediately in the skin with release of certain Chemical messengers in an autocrine, pericrine and Quin fashion. And then you see the long-term deleterious effects of stress in a different mechanism in which there's actually breakdown of the skin.


The easiest way to see this is when people are stressed and they lose their hair. And the hair obviously is an extension of our skin. It's a biosensor of our wellbeing. And we see this all the time. You know, I see students during finals time where they're really stressed out and they're coming with their hair falling out. Or after a large medical illness or a pregnancy, patients will come in and say their hair's falling out. So that acute stress is seen right away. And that's due to several different reasons and release of messengers and, and hormones and, and Chemical mediators that that do this long-term stress is usually mitigated or caused by cortisol, and everybody knows cortisol.


It's the, you know, fundamental stress hormone of our body. It falls in the same family as drugs that we give, like prednisone falls in the same family of cholesterol, testosterone, estrogen. But cortisol does something very different. It breaks things down to allow our body to utilize it in times of stress. 'cause unfortunately, our body doesn't understand the difference between 21st century stress and old stress. So us being chased by a lion to our, to our body's messaging system is the same as meeting chronic deadlines at work. And what happens is cortisol is responsible for the breakdown of things like Collagen and elastin thinning of vessel walls, which allow our skin to look supple and healthy.


So as we have a lot of stress and a lot of cortisol release, we see aging and there's accelerated aging studies that look at patients and people who were under high periods of stress. A great example of studies, we look at presidents in which they appear to have age in much more rapidly than matched controls in a four year period of time. So stress plays a really important role. You see it both immediately and long term. I guess people rarely are sympathetic to presidents for aging quickly, because I guess if there were a president who did not age quickly, we would worry they did not work hard enough or something of that sort. But the relationship between stress and skin fascinates me because not just of the direct relationship, like when we see people and they're stressed, like it seems like the, their whole, the power of their skin changes.


Yeah, yeah. The kind of level of, of gleam in their eyes change. Sure. And of course the eyes are a direct, you know, piece of the nervous system really. They're as close to the brain as one can get viewed outside the skull. But it also suggests because of the dynamic turnover of skin every 28 days, that if people were to become less stressed that their Skin, Health and Appearance might improve. Is that also the case? For Sure. It's why you see people have a glow after vacation, but you can't quantify that in a test tube or lab. So in the immediate phase, there's a big shift in blood flow to the skin. And when you're feeling, you know, very stressed out, immediately there's a fight or flight response that constricts the blood vessels in our skin to shuffle them to muscles and places where we need to.


Our body thinks we need to utilize them more. That's why when people are really stressed out, they may look pale or gaunt, and that's the, we, we see that right away. And then as, as that builds up over time, the health, the actual quality of our dermis and and fat deteriorate from chronic stress changes, mainly due to cortisol and, and its sibling hormones and messaging systems in our skin. So for sure, I mean, stress is like something that is impossible to quantify in a lab measure, but very easily seen on exam just looking at your skin. and I can tell you've had a, either a rough day if you didn't sleep well, you can see it in your skin, in your eyes. So absolutely, I mean, that's why everybody likes to live a stress-free life.


And we see changes in improvement in Skin Health when people move away from that stressor, whether it's a physical stressor, emotional stressor, psychosocial stressor. There's actual quantifiable improvements in Skin Health. And that's pretty fascinating. It is fascinating. It also speaks to the value of having some immediate and long-term stress reduction techniques, just as a sort of first principle of taking care of one's skin. For sure. There are some other things that cause Vasoconstriction, the, the, basically the tightening of the vessels in capillaries to the skin, as I understand. Maybe we could just tick through a few of these and and get your sense.


I consume Caffeine every morning, usually yerba mate tea, some coffee a little bit later. Those will increase Vasoconstriction to some extent, although chronic Caffeine intake may cause vasodilation. So I'd like to know the relationship between Caffeine and blood flow to the skin and Skin, Health and Appearance. That's the first question. And then dovetailed with that question is Nicotine, which is also thought to be a vasoconstrictor. It raises blood pressure because it's a vasoconstrictor. What are the effects of Caffeine, both acutely and chronically and nicotine, let's assume that nicotine is consumed either by smoking or oral ingestion on Skin, Appearance and health.


That's a good question. So Caffeine is a known vasoconstrictor. Fortunately, when it's consumed in quantities that we have in coffee, tea, and you know, equivalent beverages, the amount that affects the tiny capillaries and arterials in our skin is minute and transient. So you may get a, a transient Vasoconstriction with high Caffeine intake, but usually there's a compensatory vasodilation as a result. So the effects on skin are not as dramatic as people may make it seem. Now, one thing that we do see, and it's a little unclear as to why, is that people who have chronic high Caffeine intake tend to produce more sebum in their skin, and it may be a result of Vasoconstriction may be a result of something that we don't understand that's compensatory as a result of those changes.


So a lot of people who consume coffee may experience a little bit oilier skin. That being said, the data's equivocal as to whether or not Caffeine is a deleterious beneficial or net neutral effect on the skin. I drink a lot of coffee. I haven't found that the Vasoconstriction is something that's noticeable, but there are people who have different skin types, patients who have rosacea, for example, who are much more sensitive to those changes. They may notice that change in the color in the Vasoconstriction more with Caffeine consumption. What used to be thought was that Caffeine itself was a problem for flushing and redness.


And now we've realized it's actually not so much the Caffeine because the concentration that reaches the skin is so minuscule. It's actually the temperature of the beverage beverages we drink. So hot beverages can affect the color of your skin, can make you flush more, make the redness more pronounced. Cold beverages tend not to have that effect. So it used to be an old adage and people who had, like rosacea for example, we'd say, don't drink coffee, don't drink tea. It's actually the temperature of the beverage, not so much the Caffeine content. Interesting. And what about Nicotine? So Nicotine, great question. It is a known vasoconstrictor now, the concentration of nicotine when smoked is higher in the skin because of inhalational effects and the local effect of nicotine on our skin.


So you do see a measurable Vasoconstriction in the skin. That becomes a problem, which is why patients who smoke age faster, patients who had surgery, who smoke, have a higher risk for poor wound outcomes for poor healing. Because of that Vasoconstriction, usually people who who use or consume nicotine aren't doing it once a week. Most people are using it daily or multiple times a day. So that chronic Vasoconstriction adds up and has a net negative effect on the skin. So if you want to keep your skin healthy, if you wanna look younger, I would refrain from Nicotine use. What about Vaping Nicotine or oral use of nicotine?


So Nick Nicotine gum, MITs pouches. Yeah, so, and let's, let's touch on Vaping first. Yeah, because that's becoming more common. So with Vaping, we see the same problems in the skin. We don't know if it's an inhalational issue or if it's actually the same concentration of nicotine that's reaching local skin, causing the effect. But we see the same Vasoconstriction when you match cigarette smoke with, with Vaping, if you have the same nicotine content now for patches and gum, it's less of a problem. And why that is, is the concentration of nicotine that reaches the skin is much lower. Usually when you chew it, it has to go through your digestive tract than enter your bloodstream, then reach the surface of the skin.


When you have a transdermal patch, it still goes through the bloodstream then ends up in the skin. So because of how much it has to be processed, the concentration that reaches the skin is much lower. When we operate, when we do surgery with any surgery of any kind, we try to transition people who smoke or vape to at least gums or patches to mitigate their withdrawal effect. But you know, so they don't have the feelings, but you know, it doesn't have the same constrictive effects on their skin. What about alcohol? Yeah, you know, good question. Did an episode of this podcast on alcohol, which somewhat to my surprise, you know, was very widely shared. Only to my surprise, because I've never been a big consumer of alcohol, but apparently many out there are.


And the data came back, at least to my understanding, that zero alcohol is healthier than any, and that up to two drinks per week is probably okay, as long as you're an adult of drinking age and not an alcoholic, you don't have issues with alcohol use disorder as it's now called probably okay. But beyond that, you start running into some health issues that can be offset by better behaviors of other types. But what about the direct effects of alcohol on skin in the short term? Does it increase blood flow and therefore improve skin? Are there long-term, indirect effects? I could imagine that alcohol disrupts the Gut Microbiome, which then disrupts skin, et cetera.


So maybe we could break this down into direct acute effects, meaning immediate effects that are really direct from consuming alcohol that day, that week, let's say, versus chronic effects through other systems like disruption of sleep and microbiome. Yeah, great question. Alcohol's, you know, alcohol and skin connections, complicated, convoluted, but generally thought to be a net negative, both short term and long term. So first, alcohol tends to be a mild diuretic, so it makes our body dispose of water a a little bit more frequently. What happens short term is that one, you get a almost a mild diuretic effect from alcohol consumption, which is why you tend to be thirsty in the middle of the night and wake up in the morning tend to be parched As a result, you see that diuretic effect on their skin.


You see a little bit of hollowing in areas that you'd have normal volume and suppleness, which is why they're, you know, people tend to see bags under their eyes or they look like they had a hangovers from that mild diuretic effect. Also, as a compensatory mechanism, the skin produces a bit more sebum to compensate for that drying out effect. So in the acute phase, your skin dries out. You look, look a little bit worse because of that diuretic effect in patients who cannot, or people who cannot tolerate alcohol and their Genetics in Asian populations and Southeast Asians that have a difficulty in breaking down acetaldehyde, that is an a toxin that shows up in the skin and makes the skin vasodilate as a result.


So that common college term that we used to hear, you know, the flush or the glow or you know, incorrectly called the Asian glow, is as a result of the inability to break down alcohol. And that usually you see immediately people get a very bright red flush in their skin because of the acetaldehyde buildup in the skin. Long term one, the diuretic effect becomes a problem. So over time your skin's producing constantly more sebum to keep the skin supple. Your skin is drying out and as a result you run into things like breakouts and you know, congested skin, you know, blackhead whitehead, things like that. But long-term alcohol use is also associated with lifestyle choices that may make your Skin Health worse.


Generally speaking, when people are out binge drinking, they tend not to come home and do things that'll maintain their skin. Now, that's not a fixed rule, but most of the time when you're out, you know, having a few beers or cocktails at the bar, you tend to come home and not do your diligent Skincare routine or you may not be up, you know, with your Hydration status or your dietary habits. So that's something we can't quantify easily, but contributes significantly to faster aging. Poor Skin Health. Then the Gut Microbiome question, this is a great question because the data is widely variable for alcohol consumption and the effects or changes permanent or transient. In the Gut Microbiome, there are some alcohol products like kombucha that has a higher alcohol concentration that's healthy for your gut.


Then there's hard alcohols with a higher concentration that act as anesthetics and act as gut paralytics. So one of the things we see in people who consume a lot of high percentage alcohols is actually gut immobility and gut paralysis, partly because of the anesthetic effect, partly because of the analgesic effect of alcohol and also because it affects gut motility as a toxin. So generally speaking, gut, the gut health, depending on your consumption patterns use and concentration can be very deleterious. Some people are very sensitive and they have changes that reflect in the skin as a result of drinking a lot.


And then there are some people who tolerate it more or maybe consuming things that are healthier for the Gut Microbiome, like things like fermented alcohols like kombucha and things like that. So generally speaking, the higher the concentration, the greater the the problems. The higher the percentage of alcohol, the greater the problems. That includes the diuretic effects. That includes effects on the Gut Microbiome that includes lifestyle habits. If you're drinking a lot of higher percentage alcohols, you tend to feel the effects, you know, not just in the skin, cognitively behavior wise, that can affect you. Whereas sometimes lower concentration alcohols, depending on the setting and lifestyle may be net neutral, may be positive, unclear on that part, But I'm not hearing any positive effects of alcohol on Skin Health therapies.


Generally, Not. Generally not it it same as what we've seen with other organ systems. The brain, the liver, the skin reflects the same thing. If anything, it may be a net neutral. Most of the time it's a net negative. And what I'm pulling from all of the discussion we've had up until now is that improved blood flow and strong Hydration status are both important. Do you recommend patients drink a certain amount of fluid each day or maintain adequate Hydration as a means to build or maintain Skin, Health and Appearance? Great question. So that's, that's another common misconception that I see in that thinking, drinking a lot of water will, or drinking a lot of fluids will directly affect the Hydration status of their skin.


And while there's a certain degree of truth to that, if you're dehydrated in that, you need replenishment of fluid. You know, systemically, the every study that's looked at trans epidermal water loss has not shown a great connection with regular, you know, Fluid Intake and water intake and skin Hydration status. We find that that tends to be genetically defined and genetically encoded. Some people have drier skin, they need more methods to moisturize their skin. Some people have oilier skin and their sebum provides that moisturization. Now, if you're doing things, if you're active, if you're an athlete, if you're doing things in which you are dehydrated, then totally different story.


But if you're living a more or less balanced life or a sedentary life and you're doing all the regular things, drinking a lot of water or fluids has not been shown to improve Skin Health. So that's why, generally speaking, most dermatologists will recommend some sort of moisturizer to replenish that. But you gotta know your skin, for example, my skin, I tend to be oilier. I don't usually need a moisturizer as much. Whereas somebody who is drier will need some sort of barrier protection to allow to minimize that trans epidermal water loss. What are some of the parameters for Selecting? a Moisturizer? Yeah. You know, people are, people are immediately gonna going to say, well what, what constitutes a good moisturizer? Yeah, yeah.


What should it have in it? What are some things to avoid? Yeah, It's a crazy market. There's a lot of things out there. I mean, you can Google skin snail moisturizer and you'll find people putting snail mucin on their skin As a moisturizer. and you were telling me before this recording started, there are people who, and forgive me for those that cringe when I say this, that put placental extract Human placenta as a means of rejuvenating their Skin. Health, okay, I don't advocate it or don't say anything against it, but I probably wouldn't recommend it. There's better, safer, more cost effective ways of doing this. Simple things you wanna look for. One, is it non-comedogenic?


That's a word you wanna look for for any moisturizer that's been tested not to clog your pores. That's a basic thing to look for where you won't cause another problem in trying to fix one problem. Number two, how oily or dry are you? Generally speaking, there are three flavors of moisturizers. There's ointments, there's creams, and there's lotions. Ointments are greasy, they're like petrol, autum jelly or Vaseline based. Those are the best for moisturizing your skin, but they're greasy. Then there's creams, which are water emulsions with oil suspended in it. And then there's lotions, which are generally powders that are resuspended with water.


We as dermatologists tend to like the Grier, the better. It provides the best barrier protection. But you have to know your skin. If you're somebody that is eczema prone, you will need something that is an ointment that does better to protect the skin from drying out. If you're somebody that is acne prone, you won't tolerate crecy things, you'll break out more. So you wanna look for a lighter moisturizer that's cogenic. So in a long story short, it's very, you know, person to person specific. You gotta know your skin. But the fundamental things you wanna look for is, has this been tested to not clog pores and is it in a pump bottle or is it in a jar?


Jars tend to be more occlusive. They tend to provide more moisturization, but they can lead to problems like macing breakouts, whereas things in a pump bottle, because they're suspend their powders and suspension and they have to put alcohol in the product to allow it to come outta the pump mechanism, they tend to be lighter and not provide as as much moisturization. I see. So when I think about something in a jar, think of something like Aquaphor. Yeah. Or something which is pretty thick. Yeah, yeah. Greasy, thick stuff. So that would be fine for someone with eczema, not okay for somebody with acne. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. The G Grier the more occlusion it provides, but in doing so, it clogs everything.


Now, if you're one that has some sort of skin issue in which you need that, it's the best thing. If you're one that is breaking out all the time, you want something lighter.


I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our Sponsor AG one by now. Many of you have heard me say that if I could take just one supplement, that supplement would be AG one. The reason for that is AG one is the highest quality and most complete of the foundational nutritional supplements available. What that means is that it contains not just vitamins and minerals, but also probiotics, prebiotics, and adaptogens to cover any gaps you may have in your diet and provide support for a demanding life. For me, even if I eat mostly whole foods and minimally processed foods, which I do for most of my food intake, it's very difficult for me to get enough fruits and vegetables, vitamins and minerals, micronutrients and adaptogens from food alone. For that reason, I've been taking AG one daily since 2012, and often twice a day, once in the morning, or mid-morning and again in the afternoon or evening. When I do that, it clearly bolsters my energy, my Immune System, and my Gut Microbiome. These are all critical to brain function, Mood, physical performance, and much more. If you'd like to try AG one, you can go to drink AG one.com/huberman to claim their special offer. Right now they're giving away five free travel packs plus a year supply of vitamin D three K two. Again, that's drink AG one.com/huberman to claim that special offer.


Why do people wake up with bags under their eyes if they just slept for six or eight hours? Yeah, Well, maybe you need a little bit more sleep. Or maybe you had a wild night. I can't tell. But generally the bags are caused by two things. One, fluid retention. So there's some lymphatic change that occurs under the eyes that's most noticeable because the skin under our eyes and on the surface of our eyelids is the thinnest. So fluid changes are seen the quickest there, and as we're in a supine or prone position, fluid moves from our extremities back to our central nerve venous system, and it's easier to collect in the face. So we see it around the face. The other thing that we do notice with bags is just age related fat herniation.


That shows up more as we wake up because of positional changes. So if you've had, you know, a heavy meal the night before, something that has high salt content, you're gonna retain a little bit more water because of that saute shift. You may notice your eyes are puffier in the morning if you have allergies, seasonal allergies, you know, asthma, eczema, they run in a family that tends to make your skin retain a little bit more water as a result of that allergy response. So people, you know, will notice springtime or fall time. They, their eyes are swollen or their eyes are puffy, especially when their allergies are flaring.


It's a, it's a product of water retention from all the histamine release and, and changes that occur in the skin. Skin Cleansing is a topic that gets a lot of coverage. Yeah. and I sometimes get chuckles or even attacks for saying, I've always just used unscented dove soap. The bar, not the liquid soap. Yeah. Or like a Cetaphil soap. Yeah. And this is because when I was younger, like much younger, I had very sensitive skin when I was like a kid, 7, 8, 9 years old. I think I just started using unscented dove soap at some point and things like it gentle, you know, soaps without fragrances.


What are your thoughts on, on those? and I ask? Not for my own purposes. I'm gonna stick with it because it works for me, unless you tell me I shouldn't. But I see this enormous market for skin cleansers that includes a range of costs from relatively low to near astronomical. Yeah. And if you tell me that this unscented dove soap or Cetaphil soap is the way to go, and by the way, I'm not sponsored by either of those. I don't even know who they're manufactured by. So there's no commercial angle here, but I'll be relieved because they tend to fall on the lower end of the cost bracket relative to some of these astronomically Yeah. Priced cleansers.


Yeah. Skincare is a incredible multi-billion dollar market. That being said, there is not a shred of evidence that anything more expensive works better than anything cost effective. So that's first and foremost. Number two, dove white bar soap is amazing. It's what we recommend for newborns and kids with sensitive skin. Generally, when we say sensitive skin, especially in in kids toddlers and adolescents, there's a component of some sort of eczema or atopic dermatitis that is not bad enough to have a diagnosis, but enough to say, you know, I had sensitive skin, so Dove white bar soap is what I use for my kids. and I'm not sponsored by anybody either.


But I think it's an amazing product because it's safe, it's effective, it has the least amount of ingredients, no fragrances. These are all things that can irritate or cause an allergic response to skin that is sensitive, meaning you, your skin mounts an re immune response to some sort of environmental allergen or trigger. That's what we generally mean when we talk about sensitive skin. I personally use Cetaphil, that's my face wash. I have oily skin and I use the one that takes off more of the oil. So what you're looking for is defined by what bothers you or what your skin predicament is. What I do see is a problem nowadays is, particularly in the United States, we're a hyper hygienic society.


So what, what people tend to do is over cleanse and they over cleanse for several reasons. One, because they are told that cleansing will fix their skin issue. Or number two, they're told that some sort of organism is on their skin or some sort of bacteria that needs to be cleansed off to keep their skin healthy. Neither are true. The first thing you want in terms of a cleanser is something that's mild fragrance-free and has been tested to be hypoallergenic or non-comedogenic. And that's first Cetaphil dove CeraVe. Great, great stuff. No association with any of Them. The unscented non fragrance versions Of them.


Exactly, exactly. That's first. Fragrances tend to be a, a problem for sensitive skin. In patients who have atopic dermatitis or Eczema, they tend to trigger allergic responses or exacerbations of their eczema flares. So we try to avoid fragrances by all means. Then things that are gels or liquids tend to have preservatives in them to increase shelf stability, whereas bars tend not to. So if you are gonna pick something that is a gel, a liquid look for one that's been tested by dermatology group or verified by the American Academy of Dermatology is one that is not allergenic or has multiple preservatives because that's another well known, but unidentified source of problems well known to the dermatology world, not known to the late, you know, the average person that the preservatives in our cleansers are a problem over cleansing becomes really problematic in, in eradicating the skin microbiome.


So what we see a lot of times are cleansers that are either bactericidal, bacter, statics, things like benzoyl peroxide, things like salicylic acid, things like certain astringent toner that are alcohol based. And what they do is not only do they strip the normal oils from our skin that keep our skin supple and healthy, but they eradicate the normal host skin microbiome. Those are all the microorganisms that live on our skin and we have trillions of them actively surveying our skin living in, in normal symbiotic homeostasis. Meaning there are, there are friends, they're living there for a reason, they don't cause any problems, but when you cleanse them off, you open up an area for pathogens to take effect.


And that's when we see a lot of problems. More so in industrialized countries, the United States is a notorious place for washing, especially after covid, wash, wash, wash, wash more, use a toner, wash some more. And that becomes really problematic because it sets up for organisms to take seed when they shouldn't be there. So overall cleansing is great, and the amount that you need to cleanse is based on how oily or sebaceous your skin is. The older you get, you may not need to cleanse as much. They're, you know, older patients don't need to cleanse their skin at all every day because they don't produce as much sebum or oil as younger patients.


But everything should be defined by your skin's characteristics. So if you are one in which you notice by the end of the day I'm, I'm oily, I'm breaking out, cleansing may be something that's beneficial for you to take off. That excess sebum, if you're one that has dry skin, if you're one that had sensitive skin as a child, then over cleansing is gonna be a problem. You're gonna want to minimize that and, and keep that moisturization or that barrier protection going. So does that mean that people should bathe probably once or twice a day, but the people that are bathing three times a day, it's probably excessive. I mean, are we saying that you can't get into water?


I mean, when you say cleansing, you're talking about face cleansing. I realize this is gonna be highly individual, but you know, some people are just out of habit, you know, shower and use cleanser, you know, twice a day. Yeah. Or once a day. I think for me it's in the morning or in the evening sometimes. Both. If I do a workout, I try and shower Yeah. As close as possible after the workout, as soon as possible after the workout rather, because otherwise I will break out, you know? So it sounds like one has to kind of learn what their cadence is and that's gonna vary by age. Yeah, There's a lot of factors to this. I I, I think Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kuni famously said they shower I think once a week or something like that.


And it stirred up a lot of conversation when that came out. Truth be told, you don't have to cleanse every day if your skin is otherwise fine and healthy and you're not bothered by anything you, you live a lifestyle in which you're not sweating excessively or producing a lot of sebum. I, myself, same thing. I work out, so I, I shower after working out and I usually shower before I get into bed because after a long day of work, I tend to have, you know, things on my skin that shouldn't be there. That's only fitting for me because if I don't, I tend to have problems. I tend to break out. I tend to have things that, you know shouldn't happen because of my hygiene habits.


That said, there is no indication or no medical necessity to have to cleanse your skin even once a day. Oftentimes older patients cleanse or shower once a week and they're totally fine, but it'll have to be defined by your skin. And what problems or ailments are specific to you? Generally, if you work out, if you let sweat dry on your skin, it causes several problems. Number one is irritation itself from the salts that crystallize from the sweat drying off. Number two, the sweat itself is a source of food for certain yeast that are normal symbiotic yeast that live on our skin.


So it contributes to things like Dandruff, what we call tinia versas color, which is a type of yeast that grows on our skin. So generally if you work out, try to wash those, you know, things off. Also, if you are one of, you know, acne prone skin, if you're an adolescent, if you're a teenager, if you're an adult dealing with acne, the sebum that your body's producing is food for the bacteria that caused this. So you tend to want to clean some of that excess sebum off. Those are simple indications to cleanse both your face and your body. But if you're not having any problems, you actually don't need to do any of that. In Europe, they shower and cleanse at a fraction of the Frequency that we do in the United States.


And when you look at incidences of the most common skin conditions, there's the same Including things like Acne. Psoriasis. Yeah, yeah. You know, most people think about shampooing for sake of hair. Yeah. But there's the scalp component. Yeah. And since you're an expert in skin, we should probably spend a bit of time on this. For people that tend to have a dry or Flaky Scalp, what should they do about that? My understanding is that some of the more typical commercial Anti Dandruff shampoos can contain things that might cause issues for hair itself. So they might help with the flaking and dry of the scalp, but damage other aspects of, you know, either Appearance or health of hair.


Yeah. What are some really good options for people that have dry scalp? What are some great options for people that have oily scalp? Yeah, and let's leave aside the Frequency of use and just perhaps just put it on the shelf as as much as you need it, but not more. So that could be once a week. It could be daily, yeah. Could be twice a day if in extreme cases it sounds like. So when we think about the scalp, when we think about dry or Flaky Scalp, we think about two main conditions. Either SIC dermatitis, which is medical grade Dandruff or, or the medical name for Dandruff or psoriasis. They're two different entities, but they generally contribute to the same problem, which is redness, flaking, and dryness of the scalp. Now it's important to note that the hair on your head is dead.


It's not alive. The only area that's alive is two and a half millimeters in the skin. So the hair that we see on our scalp is not a living entity. So there's a common misconception that you can affect the health or quality of your hair by putting things on the hair. And I'll go into that in just a, just a minute. But the hair itself that you see is, is not living. The only area that's living are the stem cells in the papilla of the hair and in the bulge region of the hair, which reside in the skin. So nothing that you put on your scalp will make you lose your hair, will make you grow new hair for the most part.


Why that's important. When we treat dry or Flaky Scalp, we treat it with several things. The most common cause is an overgrowth of yeast from the entin oil that is produced from our, our scalp. And that's IC dermatitis, that's the medical name for Dandruff. And so we treat it by one, lowering the amount of that yeast that's living. And that's usually with shampoos that are prescription or over the counter, you know, things like zinc or ketoconazole shampoos are very common things. And then the other thing that we do is to dampen the immune response to this overgrowth of yeast.


So the reason our skin flakes and gets red and proliferates is our Immune System responding to something. It's either responding to the yeast or it's responding to itself, which is what psoriasis is. It's an immune-mediated over proliferation of skin cells because the Immune System is overactive in the skin. And the way we treat that is just topicals or certain medications that suppress the skin's Immune System or immune activity. None of that affect the actual hair itself. What does happen is shampoos tend to have things that strip oils as a mechanism of cleaning.


So when you take a cross section of the hair, they're seven layers and the, the layer that provides that color sheen and structure is called the cuticle. As we age, we lose the cuticle and that's, that's a common problem. What we see in male and female pattern hair loss or androgenetic alopecia, is we lose that cuticle, which makes us lose the shine and the structure and the strength of our hair, our body tries to replenish that with the oils. So when people wash their hair, sometimes they feel like their hair becomes more limp or dull or lifeless. It's because we've taken that artificial oil coating that replaced the cuticle and and washed it off.


So good news is you're not gonna do any harm putting any of the topicals on your scalp. Bad news is you probably won't bring a lot of it back to life either. But when we treat flakiness, you know, redness, things like that, we're treating two entities usually with topicals. And because we're either trying to treat over proliferation of something or trying to calm down the skin's, Immune System. Got it. So it sounds like the best options for cleansing skin for shampooing really stem from knowing whether or not your skin tends to air oily or dry, figuring out how often to cleanse. And then as you pointed out before, even though there's an enormous range of cost for these things, none of the solutions that you're describing sound like they fall on the high end of cost or even in the middle end of cost, which is a bit surprising to me.


Yeah. This might be one of the few areas where, you know, like if I had a magic wand, I would make for all, you know, organic, non-processed and minimally processed foods to be very inexpensive. Yeah. But it turns out those things tend to be more expensive. You can go to farmer's markets and cut back on the cost, et cetera, but there seems to be an unfortunate trade off between availability and cost and benefit. Yeah. Or at least risk. But it doesn't sound like that's the case with Skincare or scalp care that one can exercise really excellent skin and scalp care without having to go into a range of, of spending an outrageous amount of money. No, I think one, you're absolutely right there is the more expensive does not mean better if in fact they sometimes become more problematic because there's more ingredients in the more expensive products, including elegant fragrances and stuff like that, which can be problematic.


That's number one. The second thing to know is that generally speaking, there's some connection between Skin, Health, Skincare and this realm of beauty, which people overlap a lot in. And there, when we trend into this realm of beauty, glamor, et cetera, price and objectivity are taken out. And that's why you see a lot of Skincare Products that are so expensive because they draw towards another level of desire that's not just medical, it's aesthetic. And that's where you'll find creams that are two, $300 for a little amount of cream that does the same thing that your jar of petrol autum or Vaseline or Aquaphor does.


That part is really hard to mitigate. But in general, almost everything that we as dermatologists and Skin Cancer surgeons and experts in the field recommend are really cheap, cost effective, and they have the least amount of ingredients in them. And that's what I would recommend. That's what I recommend for my family and for my patients. You don't have to spend a lot to have excellent Skincare, and you don't need to have it be a multi-step routine. Oftentimes people overdo it, you know, the more steps that there are, there's more chances that something your skin will respond to negatively, the more chances you are to have a bad outcome to an ingredient of a product you're putting on your skin. So keep it simple, keep it cheap, and you'll do great.


It's going to be very reassuring to many people. It's also going to be somewhat destabilizing to people. Yeah. Who are really attached to the idea that the more expensive products are really doing something that much more beneficial for them. Yeah, not much at all. Not not anything. And another important thing to to consider when looking at Skincare, Skin Health and then trending into that area of aesthetics and beauty, is that most active ingredients, if they're really active, tend to be controlled by the FDA. So most things that are sold over the counter have actives that are not at a concentration high enough to be considered therapeutic, because that's when you get into the definition of a drug.


So looking at things like anti-dandruff, shampoos, you know, anti-aging creams, you know, acne medications, they work a little bit. If they work perfectly, then most medical dermatologists would be out of a lot of patients. And we see a lot of skin disease that still continues because the active ingredients aren't at a concentration high enough to provide therapeutic benefit. So save your money if you really need something to change some part of your skin, see a good dermatologist, see an expert, and see what they can come up with. So this seems like an appropriate time to ask about Sun Exposure, and then we'll also talk about Sunscreen Sunblocks Skin Cancer.


Sure. But what is the relationship between Sun Exposure and Skin Health specifically meaning how much Sun Exposure is healthy for our skin. I'm a big believer in getting Sun Exposure to the eyes early in the day, blinking as needed to protect the eyes of course. But in order to set one circadian rhythm for elevated daytime Mood focus and alertness and improved nighttime sleep. There's just so much data to support setting one circadian rhythm properly for sake of health. And there's so much data to support the fact that sunlight viewing in particular is the best way to do that. And sunlight viewing in the early part of the day in particular, is the best way to do that.


But beyond that, how much Sun Exposure to the skin is good for us? Is it zero? Is it five minutes? Does it depend? Great. Like great controversial question. And it depends on which school of thought or camp you belong in. As a Skin Cancer surgeon and somebody who's developed a reputation for seeing some of the worst, most complicated life-threatening skin cancers in in Los Angeles, obviously I see some of the consequences of long-term Sun Exposure and chronic chronic photoaging.


That being said, I absolutely think that getting sun is healthy for us. Now, why the studies that talk about vitamin D, and we'll touch on vitamin D as its own entity and then overall health as another entity. But most of the studies that look at vitamin D synthesis from UV exposure on the skin suggest that you only need about 15 minutes and that you don't need a broad surface area of exposure. You can get enough vitamin D formation with just about 15 to 20 minutes of sun on your forearms. So there's a whole school of thought by a lot of experts who think there's no amount of UV exposure that's healthy for the skin.


and I tend to be on the other camp for several reasons. One, there's a component of feel goodness, if that's a word from being in the sun that affect overall skin and physical biology. When you're out in a sunny day, you tend to be less stressed, you tend to be a little happier. Now it's, it's a generalization, but most of the time when you get outdoors, you get outside and it's a nice sunny day, you feel better. And although you can't quantify that feeling better, there are some parameters that can be measured, decreases in color.


Disolve response, improvements in Skin, Appearance and texture. The other important thing about being out in the sun is finding out your own tolerance. Right? So I have a little bit more olive skin and I can tolerate the sun a little bit longer than somebody who is fairer in lighter eyes. In my opinion. I don't think in, in most of the evidence, there isn't a finite amount of time because that time is dictated by your skin's ability to tolerate the uv. But I absolutely do not think that sun avoidance is a healthy thing. And this is coming from somebody who operates on head and neck skin cancers literally every day.


I think there is a component of Sun Exposure that's not just for vitamin D synthesis, but something that improves your overall wellness that is a visible, and maybe not laboratory measurable, but you definitely are healthier when you're feeling better and you're happier. I lived on the east coast in places that had lower days of sun and I had seasonal affective disorder. It bothered me. My Mood was lower. I felt not as healthy. You know, I'd come home, my family would say, Hey, you look sick. And it just, I wasn't sick. I hadn't had any sun and I was lighter than I was, and my family interpreted that as not being healthy. You know, my wife on the other hand didn't, she didn't mind the grayness.


So there's a timeline for biologic processes like vitamin D formation. That's helpful. People can argue that you can get it through supplementation and food and that that's correct. But there is a component of Sun Exposure that makes you feel better overall and provide some sort of wellness that you may not be able to quantify, but you see an Appearance and in discussion and longevity. So absolutely, I think you should be out in the sun. I don't think you should burn and I don't think you should be out long enough where your skin starts to turn red. That's the first sign that you're reaching kind of critical mass in terms of UV exposure. But I absolutely think the sun is a good thing for us. So even midday sun, you know, maybe if there's some cloud cover or if we have some Sunscreen on or a physical barrier like sun and long, excuse me, like hat and long sleeves, then getting some Sun Exposure in your mind is good for our overall wellbeing, Mood, et Cetera.


Yeah, I think, I mean, midday sun has a higher UV index, so you're more likely to burn and have a problem with prolonged exposure. But yeah, absolutely. I think, you know, there's been numerous studies that that have looked at people who go out for a walk in, you know, busy urban cities and work environments. If they go out for a walk in the sun, they feel better. Their stress responses are lower, their questionnaires and responding to life stressors and day-to-day stressors are decreased. There's a lot of studies that look at being outside as a measure of wellbeing. Mental health wellbeing is improved with outdoor Sun Exposure. So there's a lot of that. Now, can I quantify it in the skin?


Hard to say. One thing we do know is that obviously too much Sun Exposure, like anything, too much of a good thing can be a bad thing. But I really do think that being out in the sun for the amount that your skin can tolerate is a good thing.


I'd like to take a brief break to thank one of our Sponsors element. Element is an electrolyte drink that has everything you need and nothing you don't. That means the electrolytes, sodium, magnesium, and potassium in the correct ratios, but no sugar. Now I and others on the podcast have talked a lot about the critical importance of high Hydration for proper brain and bodily function. Research shows that even a slight degree of dehydration can really diminish cognitive and physical performance. It's also important that you get adequate electrolytes in order for your body and brain to function at their best. The electrolytes, sodium, magnesium, and potassium are critical for the functioning of all the cells in your body, especially your neurons or nerve cells to make sure that I'm getting proper amounts of Hydration and electrolytes. I dissolve one packet of Element in about 16 to 32 ounces of water when I wake up in the morning and I drink that basically first thing in the morning. I also drink element dissolved in water during any kind of physical exercise I'm doing, especially on hot days if I'm sweating a lot and losing water and electrolytes. If you'd like to try Element, you can go to drink element.com/huberman, spelled drink LMNT dot com slash huberman to claim a free element sample pack with the purchase of any element drink mix. Again, that's drink element.com/huberman to claim a free sample pack.


What about sunscreens and Sunblocks and I think we should distinguish between those two labels? Yeah. You know, in, in the old days, as I understand, Sunscreen was the word used to describe stuff that you put on your skin that absorbs uv, and then sunblock is the stuff that you put on your skin to reflect uv. Yeah, typically nowadays people say Sunscreen more than they say sunblock, or they use them interchangeably without any knowledge of the underlying mechanism. Yeah. So first of all, let's clarify Sunscreen versus sunblock. Yeah. So a lot of the nomenclature data, understanding chemicals, things that were considered okay to be used came from an original FDA 1999 manuscript.


And that data hadn't changed for almost 20 something years. And more recently in 2021, the FDA released a proposed final order for the term Sunscreens as a whole. Now, when we talk about sunscreens, Sunscreens are considered an over the counter, non-prescription drug. So they're regulated tightly by the FDA, they're in the same category as any over the counter drug. So before this, this decision ruling, there was a lot of nomenclature, wording, confusion. Sunblock seemed better than Sunscreen suntan suntan oil.


All of that's been changed recently or has been proposed to get rid of, to unify the field and make it very clear what the goal is. So no longer do we use the term sunblock, although in the past that had been used for things like zinc or zinc and titanium based creams like the old 1980s or 1990s white lifeguard noses, if you remember, that used to be thought as sunblock, whereas less, less protective chemicals were used as Sunscreen. Now that's changing. And the FDA 2021 proposed order says we need to unify everything and call it a Sunscreen. Now, sunscreens being regulated, drugs take a lot of scrutiny for many reasons.


They take scrutiny from the FDA in terms of proving efficacy and safety. They take a lot of scrutiny in society for being dangerous or not dangerous, effective or not effective, causing downstream effects or not causing downstream effects. So that's been a big point of contention in terms of the population, the American academies stance, dermatologists stance, and then the Skin Cancer patient's beliefs, the beauty experts, beliefs and average person's opinions. Sunscreens generally fall into creams, lotions, topical products that protect the skin against sunburn.


We used to be able to suggest that they reduced the risk of Skin, Cancer prevented Premature Aging. But that can be a little convoluted and the FDA is rewording that into not being able to say that anymore in their proposed order. But what sunscreen's intention is, is to protect the skin against excess UV exposure. And they come in two flavors. They come in Mineral, Based, Sunscreens, which tend to be in the category of zinc and titanium minerals, and they tend to be Chemical Sunscreens, which are a bunch of different chemicals. Mineral based sun Sunscreens are sometimes called Inorganic, correct? Yeah. Inorganic or physical sunscreens. Whereas the chemicals are considered Organic or Chemical.


Sunscreens. Totally. Right. Is the mechanism for these two the same, because I was under the impression that the mineral-based inorganic sunscreens reflected back UV rays, whereas the Chemical Based Sunscreens absorbed UV rays. But there's a bit of a online debate about this claiming that they all absorb UV rays. Yeah. So historically it had been thought that Mineral or physical sunscreens, zinc, zinc and titanium sunscreens worked by basically acting as a metal reflecting shield. And for the most part, that thinking is not incorrect.


There's, there was a new study that showed that they work by actually absorbing them, but not having any sort of Chemical change. So the way Chemical organic Sunscreens work is they absorb the ultraviolet radiation, they undergo a Chemical reaction to reduce its energy and dissipate that energy as heat. So Chemical Sunscreens work by actually absorbing it and undergoing a change. Whereas Mineral or physical sunscreens don't do that. I still think of them simply as minerals, basically shield the skin like armor, whereas chemicals act as a sink and undergo a change to reduce that energy. So that's kind of the simplistic way that Sunscreen topical sunscreens work.


So what is your recommendation about protecting oneself from the sun? And maybe for the moment, let's just set aside sunscreens and acknowledge that a physical barrier like hat long sleeves, long pants provides a pretty good barrier to the sun, correct? Yeah. In in fact, Physical Barriers like shade clothing hats have been shown to be more effective than topical sunscreens for several reasons. But there are many ways to protect your skin, and you have to ask why you're protecting your skin. So is it because you're worried about Premature Aging photo damage and things like of that nature?


Are you worried about your risk for Skin Cancer? Do you have a sun sensitive skin condition like lupus or PMLE that is sensitive to UV exposure? So the first question is, why are you worried or why are you taking protection? And then you customize your approach to that. Now, Sunscreen, topical sunscreens are not the only form by and large there. There are many other forms, both physical blockers and certain things in the supplement world that can protect your skin. For example, I myself take a product called SunPow that provides an internal sunshield and allows me to be in the sun longer without the need to reapply or if I can't reapply.


But you know, by and large, the best way to protect your skin is some sort of shield, whether it's clothing, hat, or some sort of cream that you put on. Now for patients who are worry, or for people who are worried about Premature Aging, they don't have a strong family history of Skin Cancer, they've never had one before themselves, then the approach to that is a little bit different than people who are worried about Skin Cancer development, fa strong family history of Skin Cancer. They're worried about, you know, losing a part of their ear or, or a part of their nose to Skin Cancer development. And that's very different from medical conditions that are very sun sensitive.


By and large, the patients who have medical conditions that are sun sensitive, the large one being lupus, for example, need the most sun protection because they're so inherently sensitive to UV exposure. Something that's very interesting. We know without a doubt that every common Skin, Cancer, there's many, many Skin Cancer types, but the three most common are, you know, basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, and melanoma. Those are the three most common ones we see. They have all been shown to have UV mutation signatures when we sequence the tumors. However, in every single clinical trial and every single randomized trial that looked at topical Sunscreens as a means of reducing risk, there has not been a single study that showed any sort of risk reduction in the development of the most common Skin Cancer, which is basal cell carcinoma.


One in four Americans will develop this. Also, there hasn't been a single study to date that showed that diligent Sunscreen use topical sunscreens will reduce disease specific death or dying from Skin Cancer. So if you think every Skin Cancer is sun driven, there are UV mutation profiles in these tumors, then by using Sunscreen should reduce that. Right? And it's not that clear. We don't understand fully the drivers of this. So why I bring this up and why we talk about sunscreens and barriers to blockade, first Sunscreens, topical sunscreens are not the only form. You know, in fact, clothing and shields, you know, shade and hat, or in my opinion better, and a lot of studies suggest that they're better.


There are Oral Supplements that can also protect your skin from burning and and reduce your Skin, Cancer, Risk. And number three, not everything is sun driven. We do know that diligent Sunscreen use decreases the incidence or the amount of melanoma formation and squamous cell formation, but we still don't know whether that reduction has changed the number of patients dying from that. And we also know that it has no bearing in the development of the most common Skin Cancer, which is basal cell. So we go back to the drawing board and scratch our heads saying, Hey, what is the trigger? You know, the Genetics loads the gun, for example, and maybe even pulls the hammer. But what in the environment is the trigger?


Is it strictly uv? Is it some other culprit? So sunscreens are a really hotly debated topic. So many things to talk about in, in terms of Sunscreen screen. So if I understand correctly, you're saying that the use of Sunscreen can protect against Premature Aging, let's say sunblock, because I think we're going to arrive at Mineral Based Sunscreens probably being the better option. Sure. But we can make sure that we double click on that, so to speak. But that Sun Exposure itself perhaps, is not linked to the most deadly of skin cancers. That tells me two things. It doesn't tell me that I can just spend as much time as I want in the sun, but it does tell me that I should probably look into the things that cause the most deadly skin cancers.


Yeah, okay. But I'm also hearing that regular application of sunblock and or physical barrier will protect my skin against some forms of Premature Aging caused by Sun Exposure, but will not necessarily protect me against the most common forms of Skin Cancer. That is peculiar in the sense that, or even baffling to the, you know, non dermatologist, me, because we already know that Sun Exposure causes UV mutations, mutations in the DNA of cells is one of the kind of core components of cancer. So how do we square all of this?


Great question. And the more we dive into this and the more experts we, we look at, and the more data we we collect, the more we're scratching our head as to we don't know and why this occurs. Now, I'm not saying don't use Sunscreen. Let's just let that be known. I, I think sunscreens are excellent forms to protect against premature photo aging and signs of sun damage. I think sunscreens help reduce the incidence of common garden variety skin cancers, but they are not the only form of protection, and they seem to not be as important or have as much effect in reducing the incidence of our most common Skin Cancer, which is basal cell carcinoma.


Moreover, I would say, and the data unfortunately, shows that the majority of skin cancers that we see that end up hurting people or or killing patients, don't arise in chronic sun exposed areas to begin with. You know, I have a 27-year-old patient right now dying of a metastatic melanoma that arose in completely sun protected skin. I have a 56-year-old mechanic right now who's dying of a squamous cell carcinoma that arose from the back of his ear. And most experts who have this type of type of experience dealing with these patients have the same observation. So the question is, what's pulling the trigger?


For the most part, UV plays a big role. The the mechanism in which cancer forms, if we believe this, the basic high school biology is, you know, hyperplasia, metaplasia, dysplasia carcinoma. So there's a, a trajectory of changes that are occurring as a result of cumulative mutations in the skin. If we believe that trajectory, then every Skin Cancer should see that change. And we just don't see that. Also, we know that skin cancers that arise in sun damaged skin behave differently than the ones that are very lethal.


So why I bring this up, I, I think Sunscreen is very helpful, but we have this unfortunate trend in medicine, particularly in dermatology, to guilt people into thinking that they caused this to themselves. and I don't think that's right, nor okay. and I, I don't like that because they make it seem that, oh, the son you got in 1987, that one sunburn in Hawaii did it to you. And that's absolutely not the case. There are many things at play, fundamentally your Genetics and Immune System that play a huge role in Skin Cancer development that Sunscreen cannot address and will not address. Now the, the wild card is, okay, what are my Genetics?


And that's the part we don't know, which is why dermatologists say, okay, let's at least control the thing that we can, which is UV exposure. But I bring this up because pe you know, don't feel bad about getting some sun and don't feel guilted into something that if, if something bad occurs, it's not your fault. It's, some of it is out of your control. And that that's really important. 'cause I see a lot of very bad skin cancers in my practice and I, I hate this feeling of patients being feeling like they did it to themselves. I think most people would prefer not to have the Premature Aging caused by Sun Exposure. Yeah. So what should those people do? Yeah, I've taken on a practice of putting a Mineral based inorganic Sunscreen on my face, my arms, if they're going to be exposed back of my neck tops of my ears.


If I'm going to be out in midday or late day sun, that feels intense. And I'll do that every single time I go out. Yeah, yeah. On overcast days, not so much for viewing morning sunlight. I don't do that. In fact, when the sun is low in the sky, I don't tend to wear sunblock. That's me. Yeah. That's been my choice. It, there were a few years there where I didn't put on Sunscreen, or if I did, it was like on a camping trip or skiing or something where the sun felt very intense. And in that case, I would just reach for whatever Sunscreen or sunblock was available because I wasn't aware that some of the ingredients in certain Chemical Based Sunscreens may be problematic.


Yeah. Yeah. So I think I fall into the typical category of a lot of people. But of course there's the category of people that are like, Nope, Sunscreen sunblock is terrible all the time, or they're just too lazy or uninterested in applying it. But then there's this whole category of people that are putting it on every single time they go outside. Yeah. In hopes that that's going to keep their skin much appearing much younger. Yeah. And just generally are kind of afraid of the sun. A lot of good points. So there's that famous New England Journal of Medicine picture of the truck driver that got chronic Sun Exposure on the left side of his face. and you see all this wrinkling and modeling of the skin on the left side and nothing on the right side.


So by absolute measure, sun protection or UV protection will reduce Premature Aging. Now interestingly, that guy did not develop anything in that area. So again, it goes back to, well, what's no Skin Cancer? So the question is, what's pulling the trigger? Is it truly uve or is there something else we're missing? If you tell me that he got Skin Cancer on the opposite side, then I'm really gonna gasp. But No, I, I, I ha I don't know if he's had any on the opposite side, but in that photo it's purely Premature Aging. So things that you wanna do, obviously know, don't let your skin turn red. Take some sort of some form of barrier protection, whether it's a Sunscreen supplement like poly podium, something that protects your skin from the inside out.


And skin changes are cumulative. So what we can tolerate in our teens and twenties is very different than what we can tolerate in our forties, fifties, and sixties. Because there's a cumulative mutation profile burden that we see. Interestingly, there was an eyelid study that was published recently that looked at eyelid skin that was removed during, you know, cosmetic surgery, upper eyelid lifts that was otherwise discarded. And when they ran genetic sequencing on normal eyelid skin, they saw the same mutations that they would see in matched skin cancers. But the eyelids didn't have any Skin Cancer. So we know UV triggers these mutations and we know UV degrades, Collagen and elastin.


It thins blood vessel walls as a mechanism of, of its effects on the dermis. The data is equivocal as to how those mutations trigger Skin Cancer formation. But in terms of Premature Aging, absolutely. So you want to take some form of protection. Now, what type of protection do you take? Depends on your Genetics, how much you can tolerate and what your family lineage looks like. Some people have the Genetics of early aging, it's part of their skin biology, and you can't change that. But you can mitigate that risk with more strict UV avoidance. Some people, you know, they look young longer, you know, some family lineages just have great Genetics in their skin.


They can tolerate a little bit more sun. In terms of physical sunscreens versus Chemical Sunscreens, that's a hotly debated topic in my personal practice. And for my family, I tend to only recommend minerals, zinc or zinc and titanium Sunscreens for several reasons. In the original set of Sunscreens that were approved by the FDA, that came out in 1999, there wasn't enough data to look at biologic effects, efficacy, internal organ involvement, et cetera. Fast forward 20 years, and we've gathered a lot more information about these Chemical organic compounds.


There is an amazing 2020 study that looked at absorption of Chemical Sunscreens when they're applied onto the skin, they looked at absorption with single application and they looked at absorption over four days of application. Now, in this study, they applied a little bit more than, you know, real world experience would, but even with single application, they saw blood plasma absorption of these chemicals that were a hundred to 500 times greater than the upper threshold defined by the FDA. Now, the question exists, okay, what does that mean? Is this healthy?


Is this not healthy? Is it neither? That's still up for debate. But in looking at the more recent literature and looking at the Chemical structure of these compounds, a lot of these are phenolic compounds, meaning they, they have one or two, usually two benzene rings attached together, and they, they look very similar to one another. There's been a lot of basic science animal study and retrospective human studies in the last two or three years that suggest that some of these Chemical compounds, particularly oxybenzone, particularly octocrylene, particularly octinoxate, that can have endocrine disruption or affect the nervous system because they mimic a lot of biologic phenolic compounds and a lot of biologic hormones.


If you actually look at the structure of oxybenzone, it looks very similar to the structure of bisphenol A, which has been now banned in a lot of the lining of plastic bottles. Why? Because the same concept. Now the data's not a hundred percent one way or another, but there's enough smoldering evidence that makes me think, Hmm, well we should reinvestigate this. And in fact, the FDA's proposed final order in 2021 changed. These chemicals from grace generally recognizes safe and effective to not grace, because of these concerns. There's data that suggests that the chemicals are found in breast milk, amniotic fluid, blood, plasma, urine.


So there's a lot of things that we don't know. and I always say this in science, we take two steps forward and then maybe one step di diagonally or sideways. 'cause we ran into unexpected things. I tend to recommend Mineral sunscreens because they don't have any of that data. They haven't for the last 30, 40 years, they're considered safe. And in fact, for young kids, particularly those six months and under the American Academy of Dermatology and the American Academy of Pediatrics generally recommends avoiding Chemical Sunscreens. Why? Children's skin, particularly infants and toddlers, behaves more like mucus membranes than adult skin. Their barrier is not as tightly woven. So they absorb these things at a much higher concentration.


So if you are to apply something on kids, especially young kids, six months or under, we recommend minerals to begin with. So I say if you have a pool of compounds that has maybe even smoldering evidence on the basic science level that something's off versus a, a group of compounds that have really no data, which one would you pick? And they do the same thing. I naturally gravitate towards that. So the takeaway for me is physical barrier, no issues. Mineral based Sunscreen safest. So that's zinc oxide, titanium dioxide, And, and that's Mineral, not like powder, not Mineral powder, but Mineral topicals because Mineral powders are a whole nother issue we'll talk about, but Okay.


And then Chemical, Based Sunscreens probably best avoided. And then you mentioned poly odium. Yeah. So this is a pill, it's a supplement basically that one can take, I only call it a supplement because it's not a prescription drug. Correct, yeah. That protects your skin from UV damage from the inside. Yeah. So exactly right. Mineral based creams and lotions, I tend to prefer and recommend in my practice, and most people will, if you're worried about any risk, any consequence, chemicals I tend to personally avoid. Now this may not be in line with all my dermatology colleagues, but I tend to avoid them.


and I do not recommend them for kids. In terms of things that you can do in addition to provide sun protection, poly podium's a fern from the Amazon rainforest that was discovered when they studied an indigenous population that would eat this fern before they would go on their fishing expeditions on the Amazon and they'd be gone for three days. They'd eat this fern and come back not burned. So a lot of studies were done on this fern in the last five, 10 years that showed it increases your skin's minimal erythema dose, the amount of redness your skin gets from UV exposure. That's our general barometer for effectiveness without any topicals it's taken or ingested orally.


I personally use a form called SunPow that also has nicotinamide in it. And we can talk about nicotinamide later. But if in and of itself it works great in conjunction with topicals, you get the best of both worlds. You get internal shielding and external shielding. Now it is a supplement, so it's not a controlled drug the way the FDA regulates Sunscreen. So it isn't really a Sunscreen, but it's a way to prevent sunburns, increase the amount of time you can be outside and increase the efficacy of your topical. So if you're somebody who is very fair skin, who burns all the time, or if you're somebody who has like what we call sun hives or, or PBL prickly sun rash, PMLE, this is an added thing that you can use that will boost your sun protective factors.


It's awesome. And if you're somebody who's active, like you're in the water or you're, you know, exercising or you're playing a sport and you can't reapply, I, I love odium for that added benefit. What are the dosages of odium that are useful and are there any side effects? Yeah, Great question. So there's been a wide variety of doses investigated. Anywhere from 50 a hundred to 44 80. Generally some You said 1500 to, Sorry, 50 milligrams. A hundred milligrams, okay. 240, 480, somewhere in the between 50 and 480 milligrams is what's commonly used.


The most common side effect can be a little upset stomach. If you can't tolerate the plant for whatever reason it's taken daily, it's taken, you can either take it daily as a method of preventing premature photoaging and pigmentary change, or you can take it as an as needed an hour before you get sun to shield you from the sun. The other thing that it helps prevent that some sunscreens cannot, particularly the Chemical Sunscreens cannot, is the effects of visible light. So there are certain skin conditions. The most common is melasma, which a lot of women have. You know, it's, I think the bane of their existence. It used to be called the mask of pregnancy.


And melasma is something that is very sensitive to both UV and visible light. Chemical Sunscreens don't do a good job blocking visible light. Poly podium's been shown to help block the effects of visible light as well, which makes melasma worse. It's this discoloration that we see mostly in women, usually after pregnancy, or women who are on birth control. It is really challenging to treat. And sun protection is the first line, like diligence, sun protection. But we found that supplementing with polypro enhances this and makes patients Treatments more effective. Interesting. and you mentioned SunPow as a potential. Yeah. That's a brand name.


So Yes, SunPow is a brand. It's a product that I helped formulate with one of my colleagues over at Harvard who's a laser and aesthetic dermatologist, Harvard trained. And this is something that we came up with when I was up at Stanford. And it's a, it's a supplement dedicated to Skin Health. And it does two things. I take it daily myself as a single scoop. It helps reduce your Skin, Cancer Risk, your non-melanoma, Skin, Cancer, Risk by up to 30%. And the data was published in the New England Journal of Medicine in a phase three randomized trial for one of the ingredients. The other ingredient obviously is, is odium. and I. Take that one to prevent, you know, sun related changes, but also help reduce my risk of burning.


Often when I'm personally find the need for Sunscreen, it's when I can't apply always at the water. I'm swimming. You know, my, my son, he's seven, he races on a swim team. I cannot get this kid to reapply Sunscreen. So this is a supplement that I, I give him and we, it took us several years of formulation and testing, including MED testing, which is minimal erythema dose testing to come up with. It's easy over the counter. And it's one of many supplements that contain poly odium. I just like it 'cause it's a single scoop and I mix it into my morning drink and I'm done. Terrific. I think we both agree that the Mineral, Based Sunscreens are going to be the best option of the ones out there.


If one is at all concerned about some of these Chemical components and Chemical Sunscreens. Absolutely. Fair. Fair Enough. Absolutely agree. Yeah. So within that category, are there particular things to look for? I'm not necessarily trying to aim for particular brands here. Yeah, yeah. But given that I have no relationship to any Skincare Products, I would just like to know which ones Yeah. To, to look for or will any zinc oxide and or titanium dioxide containing Sunscreen provided there are no Chemical components in there. Yeah, besides the inactive ingredients, of course. Yeah. Will any suffice? Because in that case people can just shop for cost or availability.


Yeah. So I tend to take a pragmatic approach in this. My, my recommendation is a brand that you'll use. Because if I recommend a brand and you don't like it, it doesn't feel good or smell good, you're never gonna use it. And it's a waste of your money and time. So number one, any brand that is Mineral based is fine. You, what you're looking for is broad spectrum coverage, which almost all Mineral Based Sunscreens provide broad spectrum, meaning UVA and UVB. And we know these two UV forms do different things in the skin. We know that UVB is more implicated in redness and some early Skin Cancer changes. We know UVA is linked to premature photo aging and certain melanomas.


So you want something that provides broad spectrum coverage. You're looking for a number, the SPF we talk about you're looking for a number above 30. Why? Why 30? Because every study that looked at defining the SPF required you to put a certain amount on the skin. Generally it's an entire shot glass worth of the product on sun exposed skin. Most of the time in real world practice, people don't put on that much. They put on maybe half that. So what you're really getting when you buy something that's s PF 15 is like an SPF of eight. So if you're looking for something that provides protection, s pf 30 or greater is higher, higher the zinc concentration, the better it protects against uv, invisible light, the chalkier, it may go on.


So that's kind of where you find that balance. That's actually where the Chemical Sunscreens came about is the cosmeceutical industry finding things that felt nicer on the skin so that people could put makeup on without that grainy chalkiness. But in doing so, we ran into some issues. Yeah. What are some, if any, of the concerns that some of the components in Chemical Based Sunscreens can cross the blood Brain Barrier? It's not unjustified to think that they are organic phenolic compounds. They are hydro phobic, they're lipophilic, meaning they can cross membranes very easily, which is why they run into this endocrine disruption and some nervous system dysregulation.


Whether that's been validated to be problematic in humans has yet to be seen. But at least in vitro studies, in certain animal models, we see this. So when you apply a certain concentration and with that 2020 study that showed that we're seeing it in the blood at levels that are 200 to 500 times the upper limit of normal as defined by Sunscreen criteria, now we have to scratch our head. Where is this circulating? Where is this going? Are we collecting it in our adipose tissue? If we're collecting it there, we may be collecting it up here, we may be collecting it in the nerves. So it's, it's a really fascinating world to see where we're going with these. And in fact, the 16 most common chemicals that in 99 were everywhere from, you know, spray sunscreens and bottles and things like that are now being defined as, hmm, question mark.


Maybe not safe by the FDA, the very company that regulates it. Another call for the Mineral Based Sunscreens. Yeah. Just as a, you know why, yeah, why take the risk? Or even, you know, shade hat clothing, you know, if you're really worried about putting something on an absorption, you get excellent protection by actual barriers. This seems like a good time to shift a little bit of our attention to Nutrition and the Gut Microbiome. Yeah. Now this isn't an infinitely large topic, you know, we could spend several episodes discussing this, but if you were to provide us some of the kinda like major takeaways as it relates to Nutrition and Skin, Health Nutrition and Skin Appearance gut and Skin Health and Appearance, what would those be?


So there is an incredible connection between the Gut Microbiome and Skin Health and the skin microbiome of which we're only now just understanding the gravity, the extent and the connection. We know from many studies, many elegant studies, a lot of studies done outta my colleagues' labs up at Stanford that modulating the Gut Microbiome affects Inflammatory conditions of the skin. Meaning if you control the dysregulation of the Gut Microbiome, if you have an anti-inflammatory dietary habit, actual skin disease decreases in intensity and severity.


Psoriasis, eczema, eczema. And this is not just subjectively, it's measurable and quantifiable and reproducible. So the, the connection is fascinating. Now how we modulate it, that's the unknown. We know in many different studies that some patients Gut Microbiome are wildly fluctuate to what they do from their environment in terms of dietary habits, antibiotics, things like that. Some people's gut microbiomes are rock solid, nothing changes them and deciphering whose will benefit from what is the hardest part in terms of Nutrition overall. Obviously everybody's told you this since, you know, the dawn of modern medicine is a, well-balanced diet is good for everything.


Unfortunately in the 21st century. There are a lot of diets, there are a lot of fad diets, there are a lot of restrictive diets. And that's where we see Nutrition play an important role in both Appearance and actual skin disease health. And there's so many different avenues to discuss this. Things like dietary habits and changes for acne, things like dietary habits and changes for anti-aging. Things like dietary habits for rash disorders like Psoriasis and eczema. It's, it's so much to explore. So my understanding, and we'll get into this more as it relates to acne, is that patterns of eating either content, food volume that is caloric load, et cetera, that increase insulin and things like mTOR are sort of pro acne.


They're gonna con, aggravate or increase acne. Whereas the things that tend to lower circulating blood glucose insulin and reduce inflammation tend to be kind of anti-acne. Or sorry, we pull in the other direction towards reducing acne load. But if we were to just step back and say, okay, the typical person who wants to have the healthiest, best appearing skin, who's not dealing with any specific issue. 'cause we will get into those specific issues. Can we say they should eat, you know, a vegan diet, a vegetarian diet, is it okay to be an omnivore? Some people are on the extreme of this, you know, kind of carnivore type diet. Some of those people actually report, you know, elimination of certain skin conditions.


I don't know, I've never tried one of those. Yeah, the extreme diets, but you hear this, but again, you hear a lot of things. So it seems to me that the relationship between keeping the Gut Microbiome healthy and ingesting sufficient amounts of fiber is pretty clear. Sure. The relationship between keeping the Gut Microbiome healthy and overall that is systemic inflammation. Yeah, low is pretty clear. And that eating foods that are mostly unprocessed or minimally processed keeps inflammation on the lower side as opposed to eating more processed foods. But you know, assuming you, would you agree or disagree with a hundred percent, please feel free to disagree.


Yeah. So, so assuming that that's all true, is there any evidence that the ingestion of specific foods can make skin healthier? Like you'll see this stuff like, oh, you know, if you have two cups of blueberries a day, your skin is going to be healthier. Or is all of that indirect by virtue of specific micronutrients that are in those foods? So there's a lot of layers to un unravel on this. So if you're gonna pick one simple diet for optimal Skin Health, it's a high Protein anti-inflammatory diet. So high Protein animal source proteins, fruits and vegetables based on your ability to tolerate the fibers and the fruits and vegetables.


Things that are Inflammatory are Inflammatory for two reasons. One, the glucose insulin pathway. But number two, the, the bacteria in our gut process and release byproducts of metabolism of certain things. And those byproducts, basically their digestive products can be very pro-inflammatory. So often you hear these anecdotal stories of I eliminated tomatoes and my psoriasis got better. That person may have had an inability to tolerate tomatoes because of their gut microbiome's ability to digest the lycopene or whatever it is. We do know for certain that anti-inflammatory diets do improve Skin Health that are measurable and seen in clinic.


So absolutely high Protein, you know, a complete Protein, when I say complete Protein tends to be animal-based products. Eggs, meat, chicken, fish less so plant proteins just because of bioavailability and complete amino acid profiles. You want a high Protein, anti-inflammatory diet. That's number one in terms of what you can introduce to your skin to improve one or two parameters. I don't think that's real why I bring this up. We see a lot of talk and you've had a lot of people discuss Collagen, for example. And this is an incredibly popular product in the skin world because it's claim to fame as it does everything keeps you looking young and keeps your skin healthy, et cetera, et cetera.


Well we, we know Collagen is essential to our Skin Health, literally it's what our dermis is made of that give us our suppleness or youth no wrinkles, you know, things like that. Collagen is made of three amino acids, glycine, proline, and usually hydroxyproline or hydroxy glycine. Okay? Those three amino acids are non-essential amino acids, meaning your body has the ability to synthesize these from sugars and fats that it eats. So Collagen supplementation is not an essential Protein. Unlike animal proteins which provide all 20 amino acids, including the essential ones your body cannot synthesize.


Now you may ask, okay, well I see all these studies that suggest Collagen supplementation improves Skin, Health, Skin, Appearance. There's several reasons for that. I don't think it doesn't, I think there is some benefit. The question is what are the confounding variables to this? Were the people in the studies on restrictive diets because they were thinking about beauty and aesthetic, were they restricting patterns of food, dietary food, things like that in which they weren't getting a sufficient amount of Protein source to begin with. So when they supplemented, we saw improvements in their skin. And a lot of these studies are patient recall or patient questionnaire studies in which there is inherent subjectivity and confounding variables in this.


When people take an intervention that says, Hey, you may look better or this may improve the Appearance of your skin, not only do you have a placebo effect in saying, yeah, I do look better, you may also do other things during your day. Change your behaviors and lifestyle to fit the goal that you subconsciously want. So that's one. Number two, there is a component in, for example, Collagen supplementation that is forgotten about quite a bit. And that's the increase in blood osmolality. and I learned this in the fitness world. I was really big into fitness in college and, and it was my escape, you know, from life stressors. And we found that people who supplemented with any powdered Protein source, it doesn't matter, Collagen, albumin way and more so with people who supplement with creatine, that there is an increase in blood oz or plasma osmolality.


So the solut concentration increase in the blood, which draws water in, that's predominantly how things like creatine make you look bigger. and I know, we're going a little bit on a tangent, but one of the reasons the way Collagen works is your blood osmolality increases, you draw a little bit more water into the vessels, which plumps up the Appearance of the skin. So there is a Hydration component from the water draw. And this is measurable. You can draw patient's blood after consuming Collagen Protein whey Protein and see this spike in plasma Protein. So there's that component as well, which is not truly a benefit, but it's an aesthetic benefit.


And why that tends to be a problem is sometimes people supplement with Collagen end up actually having high blood pressure and they're otherwise healthy. And this was something that we saw in the fitness world a lot, is that young college athletes, high school athletes that would come in, they would otherwise be completely healthy and would be running high blood pressures if you took away their Protein and creatine supplementation, their blood pressures dropped. Interesting. And it's, it's really fascinating stuff. and you know, I, I used to work out at UCLA with a one of the professors of SCI who was a really big dude and we worked out together and we did all these studies and looked at, you know, you know, young otherwise healthy people. So that's one component.


The other question is, do any of these food changes Actually quantifiably increase skin Collagen density, skin elastin density, there's no evidence that taking these things will traffic or meaning will go to where you want 'em to. It's kind of silly to think if I drink this, it's gonna go into my stomach, go into my intestine, be absorbed, and then note to go exactly to my cheek. Usually doesn't occur that way. And when we've looked at histologic comparison studies, the data is equivocal. Some studies have showed a slightly increase in Collagen density and you wonder are those patients one that are on restrictive diets to begin with.


And then there are some studies that have shown there's really no density change in Collagen and elastin. So the supplements really don't actually make a physical difference. Now the other question is, is that study too short of term, how long do you stay on these? Data's wild and there's a lot to understand, but we do know high Protein complete proteins, anti-inflammatory diets, absolutely critical for Skin Health. I guess the most direct question is, do you yourself consume Collagen proteins in a supplement form or make it a point to eat things like bone broth, which contain high percentages of Collagen? Great question. I do supplement only in sun powder, which is my daily supplement. It contains bioactive Collagen peptides.


Aside from that, I think natural sources are better. So, you know, my wife cooks a lot at home, bone broth, beef, bone broth, chicken, bone broth, a lot of animal meats. My diet tends to be more in the, I guess old school you'd call it Keto Atkins or keto diet where I eat a lot of proteins and mostly fruits and vegetables. I'm not very restrictive, but I know that's what's made the biggest difference. I know that if I go on a sugar binge in a few days, I'm breaking out. It's, it's like clockwork for me. Some people are not as sensitive. My body is, and that's, that's where the personalized medicine comes in. Is there a role for Omega three fatty acids like fish oils and things of that sort for Skin Health specifically?


Yes and no. Yes, there is some evidence that Omega three supplementation and tends to be better in fish form than, you know, non fish formats. But Omega threes tend to be anti-inflammatory. So there's an improvement in Skin Health because of that. One thing we do see is they thin the blood, so people tend to bruise a little bit more. So actually in my practice I have people stop Omega threes before any sort of surgery because they bleed more. What about some Treatments that are known to be beneficial for the Appearance and health of skin? Yeah, people are not as aware of. Yeah, right, because I think people who are concerned with their Skin, Health and Appearance, you know, they think about Sunscreen.


Yeah. And we've learned a lot about that from you. But what are some things that really work to improve Skin, Health and Appearance? Yeah. That perhaps require a visit to the dermatologist but that you don't hear enough about. Yeah, so two big categories. So we know the skin turns over, right? It turns over every 28 days. So in theory, if you keep turning the skin over, you can get rid of those mutations that occur in the skin that's stacking up and hope to bring out more vital, youthful skin that's not just appearing vital but actually biologically healthier. And there's two categories of things you can do.


The first is the family of retinoids. Amazing medications, amazing drugs been around for 50 years. They come in oral form and topical form and these increase the time or they shorten the time, they increase the Skin Turnover from 28 days to somewhere between seven to nine days. And in doing so, they've been shown to decrease Skin, Cancer and pre-cancer formation. They've been actually shown to grow new Collagen. They've been shown to increase elastin and Appearance. And this has been histologically verified in study after study, meaning we take a biopsy of the skin, have them start a prescription retinoid re-biopsy the skin and stain it for Collagen or elastin.


and you see a market improvement. It's every dermatologist's well known tool, and for some reason it's still not well known in the population. Its original indication was for Acne and still is first line for acne. Because what it does is it dries out the oil glands, but in doing so, it also helps repair skin. So I recommend every single person to be on a prescription strength retinoid, which is different than over the counter Retinol. And there's a lot of confusion and I think the confusion is intentional in the cosmeceutical world as to why this is. But everybody should be on a prescription strength retinoid. Usually topicals is all you need.


The most common are things like tretinoin, adapalene or tazarotene, and there's oral forms. The most common is Accutane or isotretinoin. And to a lesser known, a lesser known drug called acitretin or sine and I usually reserve that for my high sun damage. Skin Cancer patients, it really makes a difference. But I'm gonna touch back about Retinol versus retinoids. So many, many years we, we studied retinoids. The way retinoids work is they're actually, and they activate transcription factors, they're nuclear messaging hormones. So these compounds bind retinoic acid receptors and they activate the transcription of certain genes.


One of the genes we know that it can affect is the sonic hedgehog pathway and some of the embryologic genes. Why that's important is when we first studied retinoids in oral or cream version, we notice that these can affect the development of a fetus and they can be passed through breast milk and through sperm or semens. So because of this issue, the FDA regulated it very tightly and it's pretty regulated worldwide because the effects are devastating. You know, missing arms, missing legs, type of birth defect because the medication was so effective and we saw an improvement in both quality and Appearance of skin.


The cosmeceutical beauty world said, oh, okay, this is awesome. We need to figure out a way to get this on the shelf, but not be a prescription. Out came retinols with an ol, which is the inactive version of retinoid acid, which is retinoids. And what has to happen is Retinol needs to be converted in a two step process to become active retinoic acid. Otherwise it's a completely inactive pro drug which is sold over the counter at concentrations that are not biologically active. That's how cosmeceutical companies can get away with prescribing this for people of childbearing age.


In my opinion, if you want a retinoid, get a prescription for it. The over the counter stuff is not very effective if at all. The shelf stability, many studies have shown that almost all retinoids over the counter retinols over the counter are basically unstabilized by one year. So you don't even know what you're paying for. The prescription is easy to get. You can see pretty much any dermatologist, and it's the only version that's truly effective. So everybody should be on it. Protects your skin, keeps you looking young, reduces Skin, Cancer. Risk grows new Collagen. Literally the only consequence is that when you first start, your skin may be a little bit red or peay as the skin acclimate or turns over.


Other than that, nothing. Why do you think, given the immense interest in Skin, Appearance and health, we don't hear more about this Because that's a great question. So we hear so much about Retinol. Every magazine you open that has anything, you'll see like intensive night cream, intensive eye serum, regenerist eye repair, and all of them have Retinol. None of them have retinoid or Tretinoin for many reasons. Originally it was made for acne and the patients that came in to get the Get 'em for Acne were not necessarily in the same line of thought of, you know, Premature, Aging and longevity. This Would be things like rein A Yeah, rein A.


Exactly. Or Accutane or Dran. These are the brand names for these products. So there was a disconnect between the people seeking the antiaging effects and the people getting it as a prescription. That's one. And number two, as soon as Cosmeceutical companies figured out a way to market over the counter inactive versions that went haywire. So you can Google Retinol and there's million things when you Google Tretinoin, you only hear about acne. So there's a little bit of a disconnect, much like all in medicine between what docs know and think the, you know, population knows and what the population actually knows. But that's the one thing I think we've been doing a great job on. You know, in modern day Social Media is advocating for these, for these medicines.


Now that's one realm of things that you can do to absolutely improve the quality of your skin. Long-term health Appearance actually revitalize the skin. Then there's a whole set of procedures that you can, that can be done, that have been shown to improve not only the Appearance, but actual biologic health. So that's where we fall into the laser world and somebody who's, you know, been in photobiology, albeit a slightly different realm, you know, the effects of light and the incredible changes that it can have in biology. Most of what we understand for lasers in medicine came out of dermatology studies.


You know, a lot of the understanding of laser biology came out of the Wellman Institute over at Harvard where many of my colleagues are. And we now know that certain laser devices, certain resurfacing devices not only appear, improve the Appearance of your skin clinically, they reduce your risk of Skin Cancer by 20%, maybe greater. And even more amazingly is when you do microarray gene studies, they actually activate the genes of more youthful, healthy skin cells that were quiescent as we age. So there's genetic verification, clinical verification, and aesthetic verification.


These things are awesome. Now, laser is a big umbrella term. Some of the devices we use are not lasers. They're actually light broadband light or intense pulse light. Some of them are lasers, some of them are ablative, some of them are non-ablative. And we get into the nuances of these things. But there are a few lasers that have been shown to make these dramatic differences. So if you're interested, I mean see a, see an expert, So this would be, go to your dermatologist, ask for some, is it Laser? Resurfacing? Yeah. Yeah. So Laser Resurfacing, it tends to be, and what's really popular is two forms of Laser Resurfacing. There's what we call non-ablative, meaning it doesn't burn or vaporize the top layer of skin.


And then there's ablative resurfacing, which vaporizes the top layer of skin. Obviously ablative ones are much more aggressive, much more effective, a lot more downtime and a lot of riskier because you're literally peeling the face off or any part of the body and it regrows without any scarring. That's also than another beauty of the skin is you can literally peel it off entirely and have it regrow as if nothing ever happened. So people have this done once a year or so. Yeah, For, for not for ablative resurfacing, it's like once every five years or so on it. It's pretty dramatic. And How long is the downtime For a blade of resurfacing? Two weeks. Usually two weeks are pretty raw and sore.


It's fallen out of favor in most big cities because of the downtime and the inherent risks. But it's still used in the right patient non-ablative resurfacing, meaning it doesn't vaporize the top layer, but drills holes into the dermis and targets certain parts of the epidermis without causing burn injury. That's become much more popular because the downtime is markedly less. People can go back to work and enjoy their activities while having pretty much the same benefits, albeit a little bit less than ablative lasers. These we generally recommend annually or bi-annually, depending on what you're trying to target. A large Harvard study just came out that showed that non-ablative, fractionated Laser Resurfacing, particularly with a device called Fraxel, actually cuts your Skin Cancer Risk by 20% because it eliminates those mutations and gets rid of those cells that had been collecting this stuff.


It's amazing. How is this different than exfoliating skin? Like if one were to just try and, you know, scrape away some of the dead skin through some, you know, semi vigorous buffing of the skin with a like a sponge? I've never done, I've never done either of these procedures. Like I said, my Skincare routine is very basic. It's the unscented dove soap, the shower once or twice a day and your skin looks Great. So keep doing what you're doing. I Mean I feel pretty good. Yeah, I mean I, I think, you know, sleep seems to play a significant role for me. Yeah, I do get probably a bit more Sun Exposure than most people. I'm conscious of checking for skin cancers and we'll talk about that. Yeah. Because those do run in my family, but, and I try and eat right and exercise right.


Haven't consumed much alcohol in my lifetime. So Look, your skin will tell you if something's wrong. So that's the first line. Now you talk about, you know, der abrasion or Microdermabrasion, the good old Saint Ives apricot scrub that every dermatologist, you know, frowns upon. But ironically I use myself after a heavy workout at the beach and I'm all greasy, but don't, you know, don't get mad at me for using that stuff. The depth is key. So when we do microderm abrasion or some sort of derm abrasion, the only thing we're really scraping off is really the stratum cornium, which is the highest layer of skin cells that don't even have a nucleus. They're dead skin cells. That's all you're scraping off. Whereas lasers target through the epidermis and into the dermis and you control for that depth.


And what you control for is the amount of heat energy delivered to that depth to target a certain thing. So in theory, what you describe in terms of derm abrasion is the same premise. The old school ablative lasers do, they just fry everything off and you grow new skin and in frying everything off, it cries off sun damage, wrinkles, pre-cancerous and skin cancers. But in doing that, you're a bloody mess for a few weeks. Not popular for many reasons, but very effective. We did a ton of this at Stanford and we did a ton of the other one at Stanford. In my practice I do a lot of laser work as well.


The non-ablative stuff picks and chooses. That was the beauty of iden. Learning about laser and photobiology is how we target a certain structure and avoid damaging all the other ones. That the theory of selective photothermal lysis that came outta Rox Anderson's lab at Harvard. That was the game changer. We can now pick any appendage in the skin and find a way to target it and leave the rest undisturbed. So if you have broken blood vessels, you decide to use BPC 1 57 and it work great and the blood vessels started to grow and you're like, I don't like the look of them, there is a laser that targets solely blood vessels. Is that the IPL laser?


YIPL is, okay. IPL stands for intense pulse light. It's somewhat effective but not very effective. The, the gold standard is what we call the pulse style laser or the V beam laser. And that is a not 595 nanometer laser that targets oxyhemoglobin. I've had that actually because I had an an angioma Yeah. Had it three times and the third time they hit this thing it went away. But not without a very significant bruise lasting almost a month. Ah, they like, you know, I mean it was pretty dramatic overdone it, right. But it did eliminate the, the vessel that was very, by any Means necessary.


Right. That just n the Skin. Yeah. So as long as we're on the topic of photobiomodulation. Yeah. What about red light near infrared light? Is there any evidence that it can benefit Skin, Health and Appearance? Nowadays you can find masks that will emit red light. Some people will purchase red lights they stand in front of. I think they're very effective. I think they work great. The question is to what extent is that improvement objective and measurable and what extent is subjective? That being said, there's a lot of evidence that shows that Red Light Therapy improves vascular flow in the skin. We use it for things like hair restoration, post-procedure recovery improvement in Skin Health after UV damage.


We actually found a, a recent study that looked at Red, Light Therapy and irradiating a mice. And if you pretreat the mice with Red, Light Therapy before they get UV exposure compared to controls, the pretreated group had much less of the changes with UV exposure. So, very fascinating stuff. How it works. Uncertain. We think a lot of it has to do with increased vascular flow, which is why a lot of times we recommend it for post procedure, we recommend it for hair regrowth. There's some evidence that if you increase blood flow to the dermal papilla of the hair, it grows new hair.


That's how Minoxidil or Rogan works. But I, I like it. I think it's a great product, a great, great group of products or devices as a standalone uncertain as to how effective they are. And one of the reasons of the heterogeneity and the data are like, so much difference is there's no regulation in terms of the energy, the density of light, the, the type of light, the duration of treatment. So some devices have high wattage, high energy output, high density of lights. They may be more effective than its equivalent counterpart. And until that gets defined, more uniform in, in accessibility, I don't know which device to recommend.


You know, there, I, I obviously have preferences one way or another, but there's so much on the market that's marketed as red light that is not effective and some stuff that's really good. So probably looking for something that's at least endorsed by dermatologists. Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, absolutely. and I should say here, I, I have no, no angle into this. I, I, these masks that emit red light are, I don't have any business relationship to them, so that's not why I bring it up. I was just very curious. I see them in my Instagram feed probably by virtue of doing public facing health and science information. Yeah. Yeah. And my interest in light. Yeah. What about, oh yeah. Excuse Me. I was gonna say, the panels tend to be much higher in energy, much more effective.


And most of the studies have looked at the big wall panels. The battery powered Face Masks just aren't powered enough to have much improvement. We do see some improvement when red and blue is used together, mostly for acne prone skin, because blue light alone has some antimicrobial properties. So when used in conjunction you can get some improvement in actual skin illnesses. But the masks alone with just red light, most of them are not powered enough. They don't have enough energy. But there are some that are good. The wall panels tend to be better. Thank you for that.


And full disclosure, I, I was accurate in saying that I don't have any relationship to any red light masked companies or products, but this podcast is sponsored by Joovv, which makes medical grade panels for red light and near in red light. and I do own one of those. and I use, I have a small portable one I use, and then I have a panel I stand in front of. So that includes my face. Yeah, yeah. And then I'll turn around and I do a whole body. Yeah. Yeah. Panels are a couple times a week. Joovv is a good company. It's been around for a while. and you know, most of the experts in laser and photobiology, you know, agree the panels are their way to go if you, if you want red light.


It's Interesting when people see and hear about red light and near infrared light therapies, I think a lot of people think, oh, this is kind of like next stage biohacking. But there was a Nobel Prize given for photobiomodulation for the treatment of lupus in the early 19 hundreds. So this is, you know, a long standing thing. The use of light of particular wavelengths or combinations of wavelengths of which red light and blue light are, of course, in order to target different layers within the skin to get some desired effect. Yeah, Yeah. Light has been around for a long time. I have a Phototherapy unit in my practice in which we use narrow band ultraviolet B light to treat conditions like psoriasis, to treat conditions like Vitiligo.


There's a very strong immunomodulatory effect of light on the skin. It actually suppresses overactive immune activity. It can help increase vascularity in the skin, it can improve blood flow. So depending on the wavelength you pick and where it overlies on the absorption curves makes a big difference. It's interesting that we talk about light. And as a Skin Cancer surgeon, this has always been interesting to me in that we use UV light to treat certain conditions and we assume UV light is purely pathogenic and I don't think that's the case.


And why I bring this up is one of the most common things we use like light therapy for is patients with Vitiligo, which is this autoimmune condition in which your Immune System attacks the cells that produce our skin color. And the standard treatment is certain creams that suppress the Immune System in the skin, Phototherapy exer laser, which is a UV laser. And then now the new world of immunotherapies by pill form the JAK inhibitors have made a huge difference. But if we thought and I, go back on this tangent, 'cause the more we think about it, the, the less we know, if we think UV is truly deleterious, then patients with Vitiligo should have a higher incidence of Skin Cancer.


And in fact, the opposite is true. They have a lower incidence of Skin Cancer, even when you match them for amount of UV exposure over time. So it goes to tell us, it's, there's so much about lightened skin, we don't understand so much about sun and UV and skin. We don't understand. And a incredible component about our skin's, Immune System, that we're only now figuring out that play an important role. You know, patients who have transplants, for example, transplant patients in the early nineties, the number one cause of death for transplant patients that was not related to their transplant was metastatic Skin Cancer.


And this was in patients who were strictly sun protected. So we, we talk about, you know, biology photobiology, LED, UV and Skin Health, and there's so much we don't know as we gather more data and look at populations and cohorts. So, I dunno why I brought that up as a tangent, but No, I think it's a very relevant tangent because the relationship between Immune System function and skin is very clear. Yeah. And these conditions that you're referring to, Vitiligo, Acne, psoriasis, eczema, et cetera, have interesting relationships to the Immune System. So that's actually a perfect segue for what I'd like to talk about next. Sure. So let's start with Psoriasis. Yeah.


What is the story with psoriasis? What is it? What can make it worse? What can make it better? Psoriasis is like the quintessential skin condition. I have it myself, my elbows and knees. And for about a hundred years, it was thought to be a problem, a rash that is caused by too much Skin, Turnover or excess skin proliferation. And for a hundred years, we treated it the same way. We gave medicines that basically took the skin off what we call keratolytics. We found that that wasn't very effective. And some people can be hospitalized and it can be life threatening. If Psoriasis involves the entire body, it usually looks like red patches or plaques with kind of a silvery scale on the surface and starts usually elbows and knees or the scalp, but can involve pretty much the entirety of the body.


And what we found in the last 30 years with a lot of elegant studies and a lot of very, very nice basic science research, is that it's actually due to overactivity of our skin's Immune System. So there's overactivity of certain interleukins, which are these messengers that our immune cells produce that makes the skin turn over faster than it should. And this epiphany was remarkable because we found that instead of targeting the skin, we can target the Immune System and we can eradicate or treat psoriasis entirely. And in the nineties and early two thousands, that targeting was very crude. It was a very umbrella approach.


We suppressed the entire Immune System and ran into the consequences of that. So medications that we gave for that increased risk for infections, and you know, skin cancers, et cetera. Now we have amazing drugs that target one or two molecules, messenger molecules of our Immune System, and clear up people's psoriasis. I mean, we have drugs now you take three times a year and you could have head to toe psoriasis and be completely clear. It tends to run in families. There is a very strong hereditary or genetic component to it. And it tends to be associated with arthritis, psoriatic arthritis. So psoriasis is like the quintessential skin condition that people see dermatologists and even rheumatologists for.


So these drugs that target these specific interleukins seem like the most direct way to treat psoriasis. Some people, for whatever reason have an aversion to Yeah, yeah. Prescription drugs. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I, I'm not necessarily one of those people, but I, like everybody else, would like to know what we can do to reduce symptoms of things like Psoriasis. Yeah. Without having to quote unquote take anything. Yeah. I should probably backtrack. So Psoriasis obviously comes in severity. There's mild disease, which majority of people have, there's moderate and severe. And generally speaking, the most common things that we treat mild Psoriasis with is creams and lotions, moisturizers, sometimes low potency, topical steroids, or high potency topical steroids.


And then things like lytics, like salicylic acid that take that excess scale off. We also know that there, because it's an immune Inflammatory condition, that diet plays a big role in improving mild or moderate cases. And we also know that weight loss plays a very big role in improving the Appearance of psoriasis. So as we lose weight, as there's improvement in insulin resistance, and as we transition diets and lifestyles from Inflammatory to anti-inflammatory, Psoriasis tends to clear without any intervention needed, without any medical intervention needed. If there's still continued, you know, rashes and skin activity, then you look at topicals like, you know, cortisone emollient like Aquaphor and Vaseline, you know, things with some sort of acid or retinoid to get rid of that excess scale, that the fundamental cornerstone of treating Psoriasis.


And then when it gets bad, we talk about additional pharmacologic interventions. Also, interestingly, one of the earliest conditions in which Phototherapy was used is psoriasis. We know that when we shine UV light on the skin, that it suppresses the skin's Immune System and clear psoriasis. And that's an excellent way to treat it without pharmacologic intervention, without any creams, pills, injections, or otherwise medication. It used to be used in the Dead Sea pe people would go lather in the mud, in the dead sea and sit out in the sun. And that was the first crude way to use Phototherapy to treat Psoriasis. Yeah, that was my question. Since the sun emits uv, why not just get some additional sunlight exposure for Psoriasis?


So you can, I most dermatologists wouldn't recommend it. I think it's actually not a bad thing. My psoriasis clears in the summertime and flares in the wintertime. The problem with pure sunlight is that it's a mix of rays, right? There's X-rays, gamma rays, which generally don't penetrate the atmosphere. There's U-V-C-U-V-B-U-V, A visible light infrared light, so that heterogeneous light, some have no improvement in psoriasis, and some have great improvement. So we were able to figure out which wavelengths make a big difference. And it's around the 3 11, 3 12 nanometer range.


But sunlight does clear people's psoriasis up. That's why we see in northern latitudes where there's less sun intensity, the incidents of psoriasis is markedly higher than equatorial latitudes. And patients will say their Psoriasis gets better when they're on a beach vacation and when they go back home, their psoriasis flares. There's also some component with vitamin D as well, but I think that's just secondary to the lack of UV exposure. What about Vitiligo? This is something I did not cover in the solo episode about Skin Health, but I got a lot of questions about Vitiligo, of course, being this typically patchy non pigmented regions of, of skin that you said is at least some cases are related to the Immune System.


These people get skin cancers less often, is that right? Yeah, Yeah. So Vitiligo is autoimmune, meaning your Immune System is attacking itself de pigmentary skin disorder, meaning it's a condition in which your Immune System attacks and kills the melanocytes, which are the cells that produce our skin's color. And we've found that it's an autoimmune condition from many basic science and elegant studies. It's also very closely associated with other autoimmune conditions. So patients tend to also have atopic dermatitis, autoimmune thyroid disease, autoimmune anemia.


There's some sort of immune dyscrasia that involves Vitiligo patients. And what happens is the Immune System at first paralyzes these cells with, you know, immune activity attacking them. And over time, these cells no longer survive and die off. The cornerstone in treatment has always been, you know, some way to suppress the skin's immune response when most of the time Vitiligo tends to be focal single areas or segmental. Unfortunately, in certain cases it can be whole body or completely de de pigmenting, very uncommon. But we see this, we treat it by doing things that'll help quiet the immune response in the skin.


So topical creams, topical steroids, et cetera. Topical calcineurin inhibitors, which are, you know, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. We also use certain wavelengths of UV light to treat this eximer laser at 3 0 8 nanometers, U-V-B-U-V-A. And then the, the Renaissance and vitiligo has happened in the last three or four years with the identification of JAK inhibitors, which are these drugs that block the Janus kinase pathway. And we found that the JAK stat pathway plays a really important role in autoimmune mediation of melanocyte death. So new creams and actually oral medications have come out for patients who have very refractory Vitiligo.


The immune component is very fascinating because understanding immune biology and the immune systems affect on Skin. Health comes from studying these patients. When patients have Vitiligo, they lose all of their color. So you would assume that they're much more susceptible to sunburns, which they are. But when you look at incidences of skin cancers, they have a significantly lower incidence of Skin Cancer. And this is because of the immune phenomenon in immune surveillance of cancer. And that occurs throughout the body. But the skin is a model platform for this. What happens is your Immune System surveys for mutant changes that occur, whether it's UV related, et cetera, infection, toxin, whatever, and patients who have Vitiligo have overactivity of these immune cells and over surveillance.


So they are able to clear a lot of these precancerous changes before they form into something. So that played a big role in not only understanding how to treat Vitiligo, but some of our new medicines, actually, the medicines that won the Nobel Prize in 2018 for treating melanoma came from understanding immune activity and cancer pathogenesis. It's fascinating, again, speaking to the fact that skin is far more than just this Yeah. Protective, outer, outer sheath. It's a, it's a reflection of so much that's going on internally and, and we know that intuitively. Yeah. Also, by observing others, I think this is one of several ways that parents can communicate well with their children or their children with their parents, rather, in terms of how they're feeling prior to language.


Yeah. You know, they, they'll look at their skin. Yeah. Their stool. Yeah, yeah. Obviously fussiness and Mood and those things too. But we seem to have developed an intuitive understanding that a shift in the kind of like tone of the skin or some other features of the skin signal to us wellness or lack of wellness. Yeah. Yeah. The skin's a biosensor. The entire skin, hair, nails is a biosensor. So you can utilize the skin as the first barometer of illness. I mean, from acute illness to chronic illness acutely you can see changes in just like looking pal, you know, with palor looking ghastly, things like that. But chronic illness as well. You know, when you used to go to the pediatrician and they would do this to look into your eyes, what they were looking for was the color of the conjunctiva.


If it was white or pale, they knew you had iron deficiency. You know, when kids get hand foot mouth syndrome and they have a high fever, they lose their fingernails. When college students are stressed out, they lose their hair. The body's amazing ability to tell you it's under stress, is shown in the skin, hair and nails. What it does is it says, why am I wasting energy producing something that is not necessary because I'm fighting something else? Let's just shed this. and you can tell right away. I mean, we used to in clinic, when I'd see, you know, medical students or college students come in, I knew it was finals week. They'd come with clumps of hair, and as soon as finals week passed, usually took a few months, their hair grew back.


It's, it's awesome. The skin's a really cool biosensor, and you can tell a lot. It is so cool. What about acne? Yeah. Acne seems very common. You know, as we progress through puberty, that seems to be more Acne. Sometimes it's transient, sometimes it's not. Yeah. What are some things that people can do to prevent or reduce acne? Yeah. Another quintessential derm problem that is affects so many people, acne tends to be a condition that is bimodal, meaning we tend to see it in adolescents. We tend to see it in 25 to 35 year olds. And for the unfortunate group of people that bridge that gap, we see it anywhere from 12 to 35.


Acne is a condition that's usually seen by pimples, you know, what we call blackheads or whiteheads zits or boils. And it's thought to be caused by three important things. It's an overproduction of sebum, which is the oily stuff that comes outta your skin, and that's dictated by your hormones. Your hormones will increase the output of sebum, and that usually occurs in puberty, but can also occur if you're taking medications like prednisone, cortisol, testosterone, anything that is a hormone driver. So sebum is the first cause. Sebum is the food for the ac, for the bacteria that cause acne.


So as there's more food, the bacteria proliferate, and in proliferation it recruits an immune response. Your Immune System says, Hey, there's a little bit too much of these organisms, let's go and take care of them. That's where you get that red Zi. So in treating Acne, you gotta treat all three components to get really, effectively clear skin, somehow reduce the sebum, get rid of the bacteria, and calm the Immune System down. That's done with creams, oral medications of combination of both. Sometimes certain lasers can help eradicate the oil glands that feed the bacteria, but acne's a a fascinating condition.


Almost everybody will have it at some point in their life. Is it true that eating a diet that is of slight excess in calories, because it will tend to push the insulin glucose regulation system more into the positive as opposed to, let's just say higher levels of insulin in a circulating blood glucose, than one would observe at say, maintenance calories or sub maintenance calories that, you know, overeating a little bit could cause acne that any foods that promote increases in glucose and insulin, so sugary foods, high glycemic foods. Yeah.


These sorts of things. Yeah. Can that actually increase acne fried foods? Yeah. So it's not the calor caloric deficit or the caloric surplus, it's the glycemic index or the amount of insulin response. So we know that High, Glycemic, Index Foods will make acne worse. In almost every study that we've looked at in sugary, processed foods will flare your acne. There's some component of that Inflammatory response that not only drives se production and bacterial growth, but actually worsens the skin's immune response. The skin's immune response is a little feisty when you're eating pro-inflammatory things. The other thing that I do hear a lot about is Dairy.


And there's this misconception that Dairy causes acne. What we really see when we looked at a, a really cool study that was done outta Penn State, is that it's not so much whole fat Dairy Dairy products, but skim and non-fat Dairy products that can make your acne flare. And the reason for that is that usually in the United States, there's an emulsifier that's put in non-fat or skim products to give the same mouth feel as full fat. So people feel like they're getting the same without the calories, and that has a glycemic response. So it's usually sugary foods, non-fat, skim Dairy products that will make your acne flare. What about Rosacea? I hear so much about this, and I'm going to assume that we can mark off at least one thing as clear, which is that alcohol can exacerbate rosacea maybe directly, but certainly indirectly by, you know, impeding some aspects of the microbiome disrupting sleep.


Yeah, yeah. Rosacea gets worse. Yeah. But what are things that people can do, do's and don'ts that is for rosacea? If it's mild rosacea? Yeah. Like excessively ruddy cheeks or superficial riding capillaries that seem to bother a lot of people. I, I know that it bothers a lot of people because they asked about this quite a lot in the, yeah. Questions when I, when I solicited for questions. So, RO Rosacea, which commonly known as adult acne, tends to come in four flavors. The first form is the redness form, what we call erythemal anate form, or the readiness, broken blood vessels, redness of the cheeks and flushing.


That's by and far the most common form. There's also the papular pustular form, which is the pimple form, which is what we think about an adult acne. There's also the FIMAs form, which is the enlargement of the nose that kind of looks like toad skin. We used to think it was a sign of alcoholism or sailors or, you know, construction workers that would have these enlarged nose. We, we thought it was a product of their environment. That's actually a form of Rosacea. And then there's ocular Rosacea, which affects the eyes. By and far, the two most common that I, we see people in, in practice for is the redness form. Redness and flushing, or the pimple form. You're absolutely right in that alcohol can contribute to it and worsen it for two reasons.


One, alcohol itself is a vasodilator, and acetaldehyde is a much more potent vasodilator. So when you drink, you flush also chronic impairment of the Gut Microbiome. And lifestyle changes that make you drink more probably will exacerbate your rosacea. But things that trigger the redness include UV light because of vasodilation, spicy foods, hot beverages, emotions, life stressors, all the things that make you flush. What triggers the breakouts is a little bit different. And why that's important is how we treat them. So what triggers breakouts is thought to be both organisms that live on our skin, including bacteria in certain mites, but also immune dysregulation in our skin that we don't really understand, or just now elucidating how the Immune System in the skin becomes dysfunctional to show those breakouts.


In terms of treating redness, we have some creams that are okay at temporarily blanching those vessels out, but, but they're not great and they're temporary. We don't have great Treatments for them, but we have great lasers for redness. So when patients come to see me for redness or any dermatologist for redness, generally there's a discussion about laser destruction of those blood vessels. When we talk about breakouts or pimple form of rosacea, we have excellent medications in terms of both creams and oral medications that suppress both the bacterial and mic growth, as well as the immune response in the skin. So you kind of have to take a look at what form you have and what will be the best treatment eczema umbrella term for what we generally consider as atopic dermatitis, or what used to be, you know, colloquially, a termed as sensitive skin in childhood.


And that's a very prominent skin condition, also dictated by the Immune System. But in two forms, Eczema tends to be caused by three major prongs. Number, the first prong is a genetic barrier defect in the skin. So patients with Eczema tend to have a microscopic weave of their skin that's not as tight as somebody without eczema. And that's usually defined by a, a gene called rin. That's the first reason to develop eczema. The second reason is an environmental allergen or trigger that's able to get through these weaves easier because of this genetic change.


The third thing is an abberant immune response to these triggers. So patients with eczema tend to have an Immune System that responds a little bit more vigorously or over actively to the same environmental trigger, probably because there's more trigger getting in through the barrier defect than somebody who doesn't. So the cornerstone in treating eczema is treating these three things. Why dermatologists make a big stink about moisturize, moisturize, moisturize for eczema is to seal that barrier with a moisturizer. Because we're basically putting the mortar back in between the bricks, which are the skin cells to seal the skin off, to not allow the environmental allergen to get in.


That's the first. The second is to avoid environmental triggers. So fragrances, preservatives, seasonal allergies, pollens, things that trigger that immune response we try to mitigate. Now, obviously trying to control environmental pollens is hard, but using things like we talked about earlier, you know, fragrance free cleansers, fragrance free detergents, fragrance free Skincare, Products, non preservative based Skincare Products will mitigate the environmental triggers. And then the third thing is just calming the Immune System down. And that can be done in a variety of ways. Most commonly, it's topical medications like topical steroids that dampen the Immune System in the skin.


And when eczema is really, really bad, there are biologic medications that control certain interleukins. And they've made an incredible advancement in, in eczema controlled people. We can control patients for life with some of these injectable medicines. A couple things that you taught me that I just want to pass along in short form, and please correct me if I have this wrong one. If you can avoid Popping Pimples. Yeah, definitely avoid it. Yeah, don't do that. 'cause it can cause damage recruitment of these matrix metallic proteases, which essentially digest some of the deeper layers of the skin. Yeah. Leave scars. Yeah. Yeah, totally. So it's, I mean, it's very gratifying and you want to do it.


There's like some subconscious de desire to like pop a pimple. I have it myself. Anytime I see a pimple, I'm like, man, I gotta, I want to get at this thing. I think it's to eradicate the infection. Yeah, exactly. Type of thing. You know, even if it's not an infection, I think that's possibly Like a, like a evolutionary reason. Yeah, yeah. Very, very possible. The reason we don't wanna do that, and the reason why we always say don't pick at your skin is when there's an in immune response in the skin. The Immune System is trying to fix something and fight something. And in doing so, it recruits different enzymes. The most common enzyme is what you exactly described, matrix metalloproteinases, which are these enzymes that eat apart Collagen and elastin to allow it to remodel.


When you cause physical trauma in the skin, you recruit a much larger immune response than what was warranted for that insult. So these MMPs, these matrix metalloproteinases enter at a much higher amount, and they eat away at the Collagen and elastin, that's what leaves an acne score. Now people are gonna pop their pimples whether we want to or not. So if you're gonna do it, I don't recommend it. But if you're gonna do it, generally what we recommend is if there is no tip, don't even think about it. If there is a small white tip and not much pain or induration, you can use a warm compress to see if you can soften that and see if it'll expel itself.


Pushing. We don't recommend stretching can. Sometimes unroof a pimple tends to cause less trauma. But again, if you listen to one thing, don't do it. And if they pop on their own, can't believe we're having this conversation. But that's a Skin, Health, and Appearance episode. After all, if they pop on their own, then cleaning it with a gentle cleanser is probably the best way to go. Yeah. No topical antibiotics, is that right? No, don't use any hydrant peroxide. It's a common misconception thinking. It fights things. Peroxide doesn't let wounds heal. It just kills anything living. So no peroxide and no topical antibiotics that are over the counter.


Most of these don't have any antibiotic properties anyway. 'cause most organisms are resistant to 'em because of the widespread availability and use. And two, they cause a lot of allergic contact dermatitis and rashes in people who are susceptible to them. So we just say, if it pops on its own, leave it alone. May wanna put a little ointment on there if you have a sore, but otherwise ignore it. And what about the use of corticosterone cream? Like if somebody has a red bump and they're headed to an event or something and they want to, you know Yeah. Eliminate some of the redness and bump Yeah. Ness. So a common thing we see a lot of people for, it's like a day before their wedding or a day before a big social event, and they have a zit on their forehead and they say, you know, what can you do for me?


I need this gone. So, exactly like we talked about, topical Corticosteroids. And to a greater extent, injectable intralesional Corticosteroids suppress the immune response temporarily. So you can use them cautiously if you have an event within the next, you know, day or two, long-term use, it causes multiple problems. It causes thinning of the skin and can increase the risk of the Acne scar forming. and you can have rebound acne from topical steroids used all over the face. Oftentimes, we see a lot of people who are in the public eye asking for steroid injections of their Acne.


I as a surgeon, usually see a lot of the consequences of that. So I tend not to utilize steroid injections for acne. The reason for that is if you place just a little too much, and we're talking less than 0.1 milliliter difference, you can have a permanent atrophic divot in the skin that is only fixed by surgery. So I see a lot of young patients that come in who had acne spot injected here, and now that divot is left and that's permanent. If it's gonna be done, it should be done by a dermatologist who knows what they're doing. Low concentrations, usually bottom half of the face can be effective in getting rid of a, a really bad pimple that needs to be gone immediately.


You just gotta know the risks. Assuming sterile technique and other safety measures in place, are Tattoos inherently bad for skin? No, I don't think so. I think Tattoos are an awesome form of art. and I think it used to be linked to, you know, stereotypes that are no longer true. I think the challenge with Tattoos is two things. Making sure that what is being placed underneath the skin is not an allergen. We see this mostly with reds that use cint. They produce a lot of granulomatous reactions or foreign body reactions. One, making sure obviously they're using clean, safe equipment that's sterile.


You know, you don't want the bloodborne pathogens. The real challenge is surveying for growths in patients who have a lot of Tattoos. It's hard to see small skin cancers form or changes in Moles because usually the Tattoos are of dark color. So the surveillance part becomes a little bit more challenging. So if you have a lot of Tattoos, just make sure to see your dermatologist and somebody who feels comfortable and confident in screening. But other than that, no, they're, they've been around for hundreds and hundreds of years and I think they're fine if done correctly. That's a good segue into surveying for skin cancers. Earlier you talked about some of the more common forms of Skin Cancer, squamous cell carcinoma, basal cell carcinoma.


But then there's the, the one no one truly wants, which is melanoma. Melanoma, yeah. So I was taught to keep an eye on my Moles. Yeah. If they change, change in border, change in size, et cetera, to notify a dermatologist. Yeah. I get my Moles checked about, I don't know, I just had it done less than a year ago. But what about getting all skin checked? I mean, what do you, this is your area of expertise. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so if you had a magic wand Yeah. To help prevent skin cancers, what would you, what would you have people do? That's a great, great question.


So obviously there are many forms of Skin Cancer, but the three most common, like we talked about, basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, and melanoma. There are other types like Merkel cell and et cetera, but they're far less common. Now, historically, melanoma's been our number one killer for Skin Cancer until about a few years ago, around 2018 when the Nobel Prize was won for the new drugs that treated melanoma. This year we expect three times as many deaths in the United States from squamous cell carcinoma than we do melanoma. But nobody talks about that. We lose a patient every about 62 minutes to melanoma, but one every 37 minutes to squamous cell carcinoma.


First and foremost, the thing that you wanna look for in terms of Skin, Cancer, Risk and predisposition is look at family history, your family history, and your Genetics plays the largest role in predisposition for Skin Cancer development. If you can gather a family history, you can understand your risk in developing it, and you can help dictate your screening. Now, if you can't get a family history or you don't know your family history, not a problem. Generally we recommend an annual skin exam by a good reputable board certified dermatologist. And that includes every square inch of your skin, including, you know, your hair between your toes in the general area. We can develop a Skin Cancer anywhere, Bob Marley dy of a melanoma on his toenail that was thought to be a soccer injury.


You know, Jimmy Buffet died of a Merkel cell carcinoma, one of these rarer types that occur in sun exposed areas. Anybody can get them. Obviously there's predispositions and higher risk populations, but it's such an easy non-invasive exam to do that. Everybody should get one at least once a year. The other reason why I bring this up is skin cancers can develop in sun protected areas. One of the areas that I see a rapid increase in Skin Cancer development is in genital areas and in the mouth due to HPV. And we see this a lot in younger and younger patients. Probably in the last month, I've operated on six or seven young patients under the age of 40 with squamous cell carcinomas caused by HPV in the genital region.


This is obviously not sun driven. It's not something you can put Sunscreen or take a, you know, product to protect you from, but it's something that's easily monitored or surveyed. So I would say at the very minimum, get a family history or a personal history. Get an annual surveillance exam if you have a lot of Moles. I used to direct the pigmented lesions in melanoma clinic. This is something that was really hard for a lot of dermatologists and patients to follow when they, when they're covered with Moles, see which one is changing. There are tools that can be utilized, including whole body photography, mole mapping, and some new AI based softwares that basically track the Moles and look for changes as you feed the software.


More and more pictures from the patients. It's fascinating. A lot of the stuff is developing from our, our, well I should say my alma mater, but up at Stanford is these AI based software apps that allow us to survey some of the most challenging patients. So if you have a lot of Moles, your screening may be more than once a year. If you have a lot of Moles, you inherently have a slightly increased risk for melanoma. Now we always use these terms interchangeably, melanoma, Skin, Cancer, basal squamous, et cetera. Importantly to know for every one melanoma, there's 10 non-melanoma skin cancers. That's namely basal cell and squamous cell.


About 5 million Americans will be diagnosed with one of the non melanomas this year alone. 5 million. 5 million. It's a big number. Yeah. It's about one in four. One in four Americans at some point in their lifetime will develop a Skin Cancer encroaching one in three Americans by the end of their, by the end of 2030. So it's a lot, majority of these are not life-threatening, but they're functionally and cosmetically disfiguring. They arise on sun exposed areas. So surveillance is really important For the HPV that eventually becomes squamous cell carcinoma. Is the HPV Vaccine effective even at older ages?


Yeah, Great question. So the, we are seeing HPV become a real problem in many cancers in the body. Not just the original cervical cancer, which was the number one killer in young women for cancer until the Vaccine came out. But we're seeing it now as the number one cause of throat cancer in young adults and sexually active adults in significantly increased risk of squamous cell carcinomas in sun protected areas. Immunosuppressed patients, the Vaccine, the Gardasil Vaccine, which which treats or builds immunity to HPV, covers the strains that cause cancer 16, 18, 31, 33, and so on.


I recommend anybody who is either sexually active or anybody who you know in population, literally anyone should get vaccinated. The new guidelines have extended the age up until I think, late forties for both men and women. It used to be only for young, young women because the cervical Cancer Risk. But now we found that so many things are implicated with HPV, that the, the on label use is up to the late forties. So if, if you have any concern, I I highly recommend getting the Vaccine As I recall. Planter's Warts. Yeah. Which are these Warts that burrow a kind of root into the bottom of the foot. They're very painful.


That actually can be caused by HPV. Yeah, it's a form of HPV. Yeah. So, and it's not sexually transmitted, it's locker room transmitted. Yeah. So HPV comes in about 200 strains or like 190 strains. Strains one, two, and four for example. Cause Warts on the hands and feet, what you see, like gym goers and kids, you know, they get Warts HPV six and 11 for example. Cause genital Warts HPV strains 16, 18, 31 and 33 cause cancer. The question is, when you get something, does it come with its its brothers or its siblings? And that's the question we don't know.


The Vaccine was made to treat high risk strains, but because of cross antigenicity we see that patients who get vaccinated, their Warts go away. And we saw this in the hospital and transplant patients who were covered with Warts because of their immunosuppressed effect. When we would vaccinate them, their Warts would get better. So Warts on their fingers, Warts on their planters. Warts on their feet. Yeah. Yeah. Transplant patients and anybody who is immunosuppressed, they have a tough time fighting Plantars, Warts, you know, finger Warts, any sort of viral based condition because their Immune System is suppressed from medications or otherwise. So they usually have a tough time fighting these things. They have a higher incidence of a lot of things.


But the Vaccine was cool, eradicating it. Now I'm not saying go get a Vaccine 'cause you have a plantar wart That's silly and overkill. Usually, you know, Warts we treat with, you know, freezing in office procedures, easy things. But Planters Warts can be burnt out. Yeah. We burn them or freeze them or scrape them, use a little medication. But the Vaccine does improve some of the burden of disease, even though it doesn't target that strain. Do you think soon we will be in the landscape of vaccines for all forms of Skin Cancer? I think we're on the forefront. And the term Vaccine is a really big umbrella term Loaded term too. Yeah. I know it's gonna garner a lot of questions, I think.


Yes, absolutely. There was a new study that showed that an mRNA Vaccine, and that is already pretty controversial, was shown to improve melanoma survival after surgery and chemotherapy. So what the goal of all these things is to prime your Immune System and have the Immune System know what to target. It's to teach the Immune System, hey, this is bad. Next time you see this, go attack it. It's like showing a bloodhound, a stake, and then going on the hunt. The bloodhound now knows what to scent for and what is normal and what isn't. So the vaccines have a lot of controversial things.


I think for medicine and cancer biology, it's gonna be revolutionary. We see it for brain tumors, we see it for glioblastoma, incredible changes with dendritic cell vaccines. We see it for melanoma now. And in the future may be used for all skin cancers with an asterisk, depending on how much we can activate the Immune System to target it. Fascinating. And a good place for us to probably pause until the next time we have you back to talk about where that technology evolves. Because today you've taught us so much about skin, what it is, you know, it's anatomy, it's physiology, what it reflects in terms of our internal workings health or in some cases challenges with health.


We talked about various conditions such as Psoriasis, acne, Eczema, Dandruff. Yeah. As it's sometimes called everything. Yeah. And what we can do. Yeah. You know, the, the role of Nutrition avoiding certain things like excess alcohol, nicotine, et cetera. But also some of the newer and more exciting Treatments that exist for all these conditions. Some merely cosmetic and yeah, uncomfortable, some truly life threatening and dangerous like melanoma. So for all those reasons and also for taking time out of your very busy clinical schedule to come talk to us, I really appreciate it. And I want to voice my appreciation both for myself and for those listening and viewing.


I know people will have many, many questions. So we will refer them to your Social Media accounts. Happy to answer however I can and links to your clinic and so forth so that they can have those questions addressed. And who knows, maybe we can get the chance to work with you. Appreciate that. In the meantime, I just wanna say thank you for this public education gift that you've given us. I'm thinking about skin very differently now and I plan to do and not do certain things in light of today's conversation, no pun intended. So Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. I'm incredibly grateful to be here. I think, I think teaching is really important. Having evidence-based discussions is really important. Challenging dogma is also important. Done in the right way, in the evidence-based way.


I love what I do. I love everything about the skin. I love, you know, seeing patients and also, you know, challenging, you know, the status quo on certain things. So thank you for the opportunity. It's been a lot of fun. There's a lot to talk about in skin. You can probably talk for a decade if you let me, but I appreciate it. Thank you. Well, we will certainly bring you back to further discussion. Meanwhile, thank you ever so much. Appreciate Soleimani. Thank You. Thank you for joining me for today's discussion about How to Improve and protect your skin with Dr. Teo Soleimani. To learn more about his work and find links to his clinic, please see the show note captions. If you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel.


That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on both Spotify and on Apple and on both Spotify and Apple. You can leave us up to a five star review. Please check out the Sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. If you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or topics or guests you'd like me to consider for the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comments on YouTube. I do read all the comments for those of you that haven't heard, I have a new book coming out. It's my very first book. It's entitled Protocols and Operating Manual for the Human Body. This is a book that I've been working on for more than five years, and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience.


And it covers Protocols for everything from sleep to exercise to stress control, Protocols related to focus and motivation. And of course, I provide the scientific substantiation for the Protocols that are included. The book is now available by presale at Protocols Book dot com. There you can find links to various vendors. You can pick the one that you like best. Again, the book is called Protocols, an Operating Manual for the Human Body. If you're not already following me on Social Media, I am Huberman Lab on all Social Media platforms. So that's Instagram, Twitter, now known as X Threads, Facebook and LinkedIn. And on all those platforms, I cover science and science related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the content on the Huberman Lab podcast.


Again, that's Huberman Lab on all Social Media channels. And if you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network Newsletter, our Neural Network Newsletter is a zero-cost monthly newsletter that includes Protocols, which are brief one to three page PDFs, which summarize various things that you can do in order to, for instance, optimize neuroplasticity and learning or optimize your sleep or improve dopamine regulation. Again, all available at completely zero cost. You simply go to Huberman Lab dot com, go to the menu tab in the top right corner, scroll down to newsletter, and provide us your email to obtain the newsletter. And I'd like to point out that we do not share your email with anybody. Once again, thank you for joining me for today's discussion about Skin, Health and Appearance with Dr.


Teo Soleymani. And last but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.